nm
tut CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
has been at the head of the State Department -who
has entertained the same opinion; because I find
that in eVery citation made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, in his report, the idea runs
through all the dispatches of our Secretaries of
State that Cuba was not to be annexed to the Uni-
ted States without violence, or without a rupture
of some kind. Even in Mr. Everett's letter, 1st
December, 1852, to the Count de Sartiges, this
intimation is clearly made, in his rejection of
.the joint proposition of the French and British
Governments for a tripartite treaty, which he re-
fused to accede to. I find that, in 1853, Mr. Marcy,
in his dispatch to Mr. Soule, made use of this
language:
"Our minister at Madrid, during the administration of
President Polk, was instructed to ascertain if Spain was dis-
posed to transfer Cuba to the United States for a liberal pe-
cuniary consideration. 1 do not undeiatand, however, that
it was at that time the policy of this Government to acquire
that island, unless its inhabitants were very generally dis-
posed to concur in the transfer."
I desire Senators from the South to mark this
language, because there is a doubt conveyed in
every word of it:
"Under ccitam conditions the United States might be
willing to purchase it; but it is scarcely expected that you
will find Spain, should you attempt to ascertain her views
upon the subject, at all inclined to entei into such a nego-
tiation. There is reason to believe that she is undei obliga-
tions to- Great Hritain and Franco not to tiansfet this inland
to the United States. Were theie nothing else to justify
this belief but the promptness with winch these two Powers
sent tiit irnaval ioiccs to her aid in the late Cuban disturb-
ances; the proposition for a tripartite convention to yuairmtv
Cuba to Spam ; and, what is more significant than either of
the above J acts, the suit of joint punest by England ami
Fiance, to whtcii I adverted in my nisti notions to Air Buch-
anan, against some of the views piesented in Mr. Eveiett's
letter ot the 2d of December !a*t, 10 Mi Sartigcs, the Fiench
minister, would alone be satisfactory proof of Midi an ar-
rangement. Jndepfmdent of any embarrassment of tins
nature, tiieieaiemany other reasons lot behoving that Spain
will pertinaciously hold 011 to Cuba, and that the sep.ua-
tion, whenevei it takes place, will bo the wotk of violence."
That was the last instruction given by tlio Sec-
retary of State to Mr. Soule, and it was there re-
garded that, under no possible contingency, could
wc take possession of Cuba without violence. In
the opening of this report there is a quotation
from Mr. Jefferson, to this effect:
u ft will be objected to our receiving Cuba that no limit
can then lx: di.iwa to our fultne acquisitions. Cuba can
1k> defended by us without a navy,and this develop* the
principle which ought to limit our views. Nothing should
ever be accepted winch would requue a navy todelendn."
I think, Mr. President, from all that has oc-
curred up to the present time, it is pretty well
established that Spain has placed herself under
some obligation to Great Britain and Fiance not
to transfer the island to us; which, if true, would
require an immense navy to defend, even if we
could get possession without a navy. Then, sir,
if we are to have a war for Cuba, it brings me to
the consideration of the question in another as-
pect. If the national honor, if the national faith,
if the pride of the American people were involved'
m this matter; if the permanency of the Union
depended upon it; or if it stood across the broad
pathway of our advancement to a high position
of just and durable glory, then I would look at it
in another light; but 1 am free to declare, and I
say it with full deliberation, and upon a calm
consideration of the whole subject, there is more
of evil than of good in the acquisition of Cuba in
any aspect of the case. When the early lathers
of our country intimated that it might be a desir-
able acquisition, and one which would advance
the inteiests of this country, other and more se-
rious questions of a sectional character were not
then so imminent and dangeious to this Uinon as
now. A different phase has come over tins land.
The pure fountains of liberal principles, of repub-
lican, constitutional government, that gushed forth
from the rocks of the Revolution have been tainted
by the poisonous effects of foreign influence. The
whole chaiacter of this Government is undergo-
ing a serious an# a vital change. There are ques-
tions connected with this idea of progress and
expansion, that, sooner or later, will change the
destiny of this free and hanpy country.
To show that I am not alone in the view I have
presented, that we cannot acquiiu Cuba without
the probability of a rupture, I shall refer to the
speeches of the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Pugii] and the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. 13exjamint.] The Senator fiom Ohio, m his
speech, says:
While I ^iiall vote for this bill, and specially with some
restriction as to the amount which may be tendered, I am
not sanguine of success in the negotiation; but when that
shaU have failed, or been refused, another duty awaits the
President as well as ouiselves. ft is, to notify Spam that
she must arm the Captain General of Cuba with diplomatic
powers; that no further complaint will be made by the
United Stateg, at the Court of Madrid, on account of out-
rage? committed under his jurisdiction; that, upon the next
occasion of serious injury to our citizens 111 Cuba, redress
will be demanded on the spot, and exacted, if need be, at
the cannon's mouth." *****
" With Great Britain, sir, and Great Britain fortified by
the addition of French valor and arms, we must henceforth
contend—a contest not only for predominance over this
continent, but for predominance and fame throughout the
world and for ages to come. * The elements of an issue so
fearful (arid fearful, indeed, it is) have been gathering, si-'
rently and surely, ever since the flajr of our Republic was
carried in tiiumph to the capital of Mexico; and whatever
the arts of diplomacy, or how earnestly soever we consult
tltat wisdom which closes its eyes to an unpleasant conse-
quence, the issue canntftbe avoided, nor much longer post-
poned." * * * * * * *
"As I have no confidence in the £ explanations5 vouch-
safed to us with regard to Lord Chuondon's speech, I
expect and believe that any serious attempt on our pai t to
acquire Cuba, by negotiation or otherwise, will be ob-
structed."
There is the broad declaration of the honorable
Senator from Ohio, that Cuba cannot be acquired
peaceably, although he advocates the report of the
committee which is based on that idea, and asks us
to appropriate $30,000,000 to secure that object.
That gentleman made an eloquent and an able
speech, reviewing the advantages to result, com-
mercially, from the acquisition of Cuba, without
the slightest reference whatever to its political
effect upon the institutions of our country. I do
him the credit to say that, he lias ably stated his
case. The same line of argument was taken up
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Rrntjamin,] whose eloquent speech 1 listened to
with great interest and pleasure. That honorable^
Senator gave a full account of the horrors o1®
emancipation in the West Indies, and the injury
done by it to the English colonies, and the deso-
lation that had fallen upon the commerce and
weal tli of Jamaica, of San Domingo, and ofllayti;
but ho stopped shoit of the veiy point'I desired
to be informed on, and that was, the effect of the
acquisition of Cuba upon the political future of
the United States, in the conclusion of his sfpeocb
he promulgated a doctrine which J am sure will
not meet a response in the conservative heart of
the American people. This point I shall allude to
hereafter.
He has also, in his advocacy of this measure,
said much of the effect that the acquisition of Cuba
would have upon the condition of slaves in the
island, and those unfortunate beings whom he de-
scribed as " law material, to be worked up into
sugar," by the piesent regulations for supplying
adequate labor to make their present amount. I
nm always happy to hearof rogulationsand whole-
some laws made for the amelioration of slaves, (I
believe this is the sentiment of every right-minded
man in the South;) but 1 do not stand here to
denounce the institution of slavery. Unlike other
gentlemen who do not understand that institution
as well as I do, I am free to declare that, for the
Afnean, it is the best condition in which he can,
by possibility, be placed. The slaves of our own
country, viewed simply as a laboring class, are
better fed, better cared for, have fewsr charges,
have less to concern them, than any people upon
the face of the earth; and, 111 my judgment, tiiey
are the happiest race of laboring people in the
world. If you put the question of slavery simply
on that view of the case, I am an advocate of the
institution of slavery. 1 am not only an advocate
of the institution for the sake of the negro, but,
in ceitain localities, for those inteiests which de-
pend on slavery for their full and profitable devel-
opment, I take the ground that the South cannot
be independent of the institution of slavery. The
southern States of this Union, divested of slavery,
could not enter into a competition with the virgin
lands of the northwestern States, in the cultiva-
tion of the same products. There is a large region
of country m the southwest adapted to the culti-
vation of a particular staple, which cannot be raised
without slave labor. I am perfectly aware that
gentlemen of the North do not believe this prop-
osition; but neveithclcss the assertion is true.
I have not one word to say against slavery. I
indorse every word that was said by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] in
his truthful picture of slavery on one side, and the
brutish barbarity resulting from emancipation in I
the West India Islands, upon the other. I have
seen enough to know that tha negro does not
flourish under freedom. He wants the superior
intellect, the kind and controlling care of his mas-
ter, to guide him, to take care of him, and to pro-
mote his usefulness. I hope, therefore, not to be
misunderstood when I speak against the propo-
sition for the acquisition of Cuba, m this connec-
tion. But, sir, I have rather digressed from the
proper course of argument. I desire to quote a
few passages from the speech of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana:
" Now, Mr. President, bringing this discourse to a close,
I desire to say, in a few words, what my view is in relation
10 the policy of tins countiy. I would propose, as the Pi ev-
ident proposes, the purchase of the Inland of Cuba fiom the
Government of Spain. Ifthat be refused, if it be supposed
that Spanish pride or Spanish dignity is involved in the
proposition to such an extent as to make it impossible for
them to cede it, I would then say to Spam : ' if you wil 1
not cede the island to us, grant independence to your sub-
jects there, and we will pay >011 aieasonable equivalent for
the abimlonmeuAf your ievenue--, and m:ike bCtfleinent
hereafter with the people of Cuba for our advances.' "
To that independence, I have no sort of ob-
jection. I am free to say, that I would rather see
Cuba occupy that position than any other. But,
he added:
11 If this offer be again refined, then let us announce to
Spam in advance, thai whenever opnouumty shall olfei wo
ate icadyaud )<>>olutc to offer to tlie people of Cuba the
N'unc aid that England ollcied to the othei Spanish colo-
nies; the same alliance. ofte <ivc and defensive, wmcii
Fiancc so nobly tendered to us in the hour of ourdaike.^t
peril. Toll her that we shall lepair the wiong bvus done to
the genetation now pacing aw-ty in Cuba when we impeded
then efforts tor gaming their independence, by affording to
the piesent generation oui aid, countenance, and assistance.
Tell her that, when tiie Cubans shall have conquered their
independence, theirs shall be the right of lemaiiung a sep-
arate Republic, U they so preter; that we will cherub, aid,
and protect them tiom all foreign interference, and will
diaw close the bonds of a mutual, social, and commeieial
intercouisc, that shall be of incalculable benefit to both."
From that sentiment I feel constrained to dis-
sent. It inevitably looks to war for the acquisition
of Cuba. What, sir, let me ask here upon the
door of the Ameiican Senate, would be said if
England should declare to-day to the southern
States, " free your slaves, or we will give aid and
comfort to them? " This doctrine of interference
is not the American sentiment. Our mission is
the peaceful pursuits of gain, of domestic tran-
quillity, and to secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity; no entangling alli-
ances with foreign countries; 110 mixing up with
the policy of foreign Governments. The doctrine
ofnon-nuervention, as an American principle, has
been bioadly declared in both Houses of Con-
gress—the right of the people to govern them-
selves. I very much question whether, 111 any
point of view, it would be to our interest to de-
part from this principle, to depart from the time-
honored policy of the Government, and commit
ourselves to a que'stion involving so much of
doubtful expediency and uncertainty either for
the freedom of Cuba or the enlargement of her
trade. We have local questions that are now agi-
tating this country to us very centei—questions
ansing out of this veiy subject of slavery. Sir,
do you suppose that if a treaty was signed and
proposed to-day, to annex Cuba, with her three
hundrecf thousand free negroes, four 01 five hun-
dred thousand slaves, and a similar number of
Cubans, ignorant of our institutions and our lan-
guage, there would be no agitation when the dcc-
lamtion is made by the opposite side of the Cham-
ber, that they will have no more slave terntory?
Would it not create an agitatipn which would
shake this Government to its center ? Have you
not seen the violent throes of party feeling almost
strong enough to rend this Government m twain
upon a much less exciting matter than this—the
bare possibility of this Government having placed
at its head a member of the northern section of
the country supposed to be inimical to the insti-
tution of slavery? What has? all the discussion
about Kansas been for ? Has not the doctrine of
no more extension of slave terntory been boldly
declared, and made the test of pany organiza-
tion? Gentlemen, in view of all this, and with
the scenes of the last session of Congress still be^
fore them, arc calmly considering the possibility
of the peaceful acquisition of Cuba, by which five
or six hundred thousand slaves will be brought
into this country by one single act, with three
hundred thousand free negroes. The honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,]
