266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tion shall attain control of the Government; if
they shall elect a President and obtain control of
Congress, and the various departments of the
Government, then the Union is to he dissolved,
and for the benefit of three hundred and fifty
thousand slaveholders! I suppose the Senator
from Georgia will hardly contend that the five and
half million people who own no slaves in the
South are benefited by slavery.
In making this comparison, fairness would re-
quire me to say, and I wish to speak with entire
candor, that although the number of slaveholders
is but three hundred and fifty thousand, yet more
persons are probably interested in slavery than
that, because the slaves are generally owned by
the heads of families; and supposing- a family to
consist of live white persons, which I suppose is
a fair estimate, there would be five times three
hundred and fifty thou sand, or some one and thiee
quarter millions of the white population of the
South that might be directly or indirectly inter-
ested in slavery. The only interest the others
could have would be to get rid of it, and to elevate
labor in that country to a standard where it would
be honorable for free white men to perform it.
The Senator, in speaking further of the public
sentiment of the South, remarked:
'•I venture the opinion that in my own Rtate, eo well
convinced are the great mn« of the people ot' all panics
thru the ami slavery airnalion it> not to cease until the in-
stitution is destroyed, if the question \vjh now put whether
the southern States in a body yhould sepal ate and tonn a
ponthcrn confedeiacy, a majonty would vote for the piop-
^ osition."
Well, sir, I can only regret that such is the pub-
lic sentiment of Georgia.; but I hope and trust the
Senator is mistaken; and if such a public senti-
ment does exist there, I apprehend it exists upon
a false basis. It has been brought about by a
misunderstanding of the public sentiment of the
North, and will be conected the moment the Re-
publican paity is m power, mid has an opportu-
nity practically toillustiate ltw principles. Sir,
it is by the misrepresentation of itsrviews that
this prejudice has been engendered against it in
the southern States. The election of a President
of the Republican party to dissolve this Union!
Why, sir,♦what is the Union worth; what sort of
a Union is it that we have; if, when a majority
of the people of this country, in a constitutional
form, elect one of their number Piewident of the
United States, that is to break up theGovernmcnt?
Does the South remain in this Union only to con t ml
it? Has she no principle further than the principle
of obtaining the spoils of office and the power
and the patronage of the Government? Is she
attached to it by no other ties than these? lias
she no love for this Union, under which the peo-
ple in all parts of the country have prospered to
such an unexampled degree since its formation ?
Does she take no pride in this country, in its ad-
vancement, in its greatness, in us power, and
only lemain a pat t of it met ely to enjoy the spoils
of office? Sir, it will be time enough for the
South to talk about dissolving the Union and
formmgasonthem confederacy, when the North,
or the Republican party of the North, makes any
aggressions upon its rights; and if it waits for
That day it will wait eternally. No such agres-
sion is meant—none is intended. The people of
the North, unlike the citizens of Georgia, are
a Unson-lovmg people; they will stand by the
Union, and stand by the Constitution; and all
they ask is that they be not perverted and under-
mined by a party which ja only willing to sup-
port them so long as it can control.
Such a party has no existence in the North.
We are submitting now to an administration of
this Government which we behove to be very un-
just and very wrong. We have submitted to
many acts which we believed to be unconstitu-
tional, acts of usurpation, on the part of the ex-
ecutive officeis of the Federal Government. We
have seen the partial manner in which the laws
of the United States are executed. We have no-
ticed, within a few days, the fact that a cargo of
negroes, kidnapped m Africa, has been brought
to the Senator's own State, and landed there, to
be subjected to slavery, in defiance of an act of
Congress pronouncing it piracy; and we have seen
the official organ of the Administration, here in
tins city, proclaiming, m an editorial article, that
our institutions are a failure, so far as their ability
to resist this violation of law and of the rights
of humanity, is concerned. These Alricans have
been smuggled away from their native land, and
introduced into the heart of thiscountry; and yet,
so far as we know, no man engaged in this pirat-
ical act has been brought to justice. In South Car-
olina the juries refuse to indict men engaged m the
slave trade. Whatdoes the Federal Government
do? Where were the Army and Navy of the
United States, that the men engaged in importing
Africans into Georgia could not be found and ar-
rested ? Perhaps the Army is in Kansas, guard-
ing perchance men indicted under a pretended
charge of treason. Possibly it is on its way to
Boston to form in the streets of that city to catch
a runaway negro. Not many years ago, when a
single negro escaped from bondage in order tore-
gain his liberty, and was at large, the Army and
Navy of the United States were called forth, the
troops were brought out, the telegraph was called
into requisition, and the whole power of the Gov-
ernment was employed to arrest and return the
negro to bondage. Now, three hundred free per-
sons sought to be forced into bondage in defiance
of the laws of the land, receive no protection from
the Federal Government; but its institutions ore
pronounced a failure, so far as regards its ability
to prevent such violations of the law.
We have seen this; the country has seen it; and
although the laws in the one case for the benefit
of slavery are exerted with the utmost rigor, we
see no coi responding elforts to enfoice the laws
in favor of freedom. Yet the people of the North
are attached to the Union. Temporarily they sub-
mit to these acts, and they submit to the outra-
geous promulgation of opinions byjudges in what
is known as the Drcd Scott case, upon a ques-
tion not before them, because in due time, they
expect, in a constitutional mode, to reform and
correct these abuses. When the Republican party
attains power, it will not, as the Senator from
Georgia supposes, make any incroachments on
the rights of the South; but it will, 1 tiust, be
equally ready to enforce the laws both North and
South, and its Army and Navy will be called into
requisition alike m all parts of the Republic when-
ever needed for the enforcement of iaw, and it
can be legally and constitutionally done.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until Mon-
day next at one o'clock.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me, before that motion is put, to place
my amendment to the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Georgia, in proper shape ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; I withdraw my
motion for that, purpose.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The honorable Senator
ftom Georgia has withdrawn his first proposition,
and reduced Ins present one to writing; and I now
move to amend it by inserting the words "and
central" alter the word "northern" and before
the words "and southern."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the motion of the Senator from Georgia.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
Resolved, That the bill (F*. No. G5) to authorize the 1'ies-
ich nt of the Thntcd State* to conti.ict for ihe tian"portation
ot the main, ttoops, seamen, munitions of war, Aimy and
Navy supplier and ali oihei Government mm vice, hy rail
road", fiom the Mi^ouu over to San FiaiicifO(),ni ihe Sraie
(if California, bu committed to a select committee of nine
members with instructions to ptepate and report a hill pio-
vidiinr foi the conduction of a northern and southern i'a-
ciiie uuhoad, and th.it the special committee bavins: chaise
of this Mjbject at ihe la^t Mission, be revived, and be ehaiged
with the whole subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is to amend
these instructions, by inserting "and central'''
after the word " northern."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the bill which
I have presented as an amendment, informally, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject until
Monday next.
Mr. CrWIN. If the Senator wishes the floor, it
will be better for him to move to adjourn, leaving
this bill as unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
course, but I did not know but that it might be
desired to do someother business. [" Oh, no!"]
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 7, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. John Lanahan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Messrs. Miles, Letcher, Washburn
of Maine, Pendleton, and Morris of Pennsyl-
vania, a special committee on Mr. Miles's reso-
lution to consider and report on the expediency
of removing the present desks from the Hall, and
making such arrangements of the seats of mem-
bers as will bring them together in a smaller
space, for the purpose of further facility of hear-
ing and more orderly debate.
ASSAY OFFICE IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLAIR,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to establish an assay office in the city of St.
Louis, State of Missouri; which was read a first
and second time, and leferred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In answer to
inquiries made of me, from all sides of the House,
as well as from the country, in regard to the Or-
egon bill, I wish to announce to the House that
I tiie bill has been in my desk for some time, ready
j to be reported w-henever the Committee on Ter-
i ritories shall be called. I wish to give notice that
j such is the fact; and that whenever the Territo-
i rial Committee is reached, that bill will bo pre-
j sented to the House with a request that it shall be
! acted upon. I trust that it will be reached by next
i Tuesday, and that the bill will be acted on by the
; House.
I Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. Does the
> gentleman propose to put the bill on its passage
| without discussion ?
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No, sy; not at
all. I propose to report it to the House; and the
House can have as long a discussion upon it as
it may require.
Mr. IvELSEY. I wouldlike to inquire whether
i that bill has been printed?
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. With the per-
[ mission of the House, I will now have an order
■ made that the bill be printed.
! Mr. CHAFFEE. I call for the regular order
! of business.
; Mr. NICHOLS. I trust the gentleman from
I Massachusetts will allow the bill for the admis-
j sion of Oregon to come before the House, and be
, printed. For one, I desire to read it, and I also
[ desire early action on it.
| There being no objection; the bill was ordered
; to be printed.
j ADJOURNMENT OVER.
| Mr. DAVIDSON. As to-mon ow will be the
; anniversary of the battle of New Orleans, I move
I that when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
! to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for reports of a private character, commencing
with the Committee of Ways and Means.
: Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. By the instruction
of the Committee on Commerce, I report back a
! joint resolution of the Senate, changing the plan
; of the construction of the custom-house at Gal-
1 veston. It is recommended by the Secretary of
: the Treasury, and it is important that it should
1 be put upon its passage and become a lawimme-
. diately. I report it back,with an amendment, and
! I ask unanimous consent to have it put upon its
: passage.
. Mr. CHAFFEE. That is not a private bill.
| Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the House
I will allow this to be done. There was no objec-
i tion to it before the recess. The contractors are
| here waiting. The people of Texas are in sus-
> pense, and the Treasury Department requires the
j passage of the joint resolution.^ I hope that all
I objection will be removed by this statement, and
! that the House will pass the resolution with the
i amendment, and send it back to the Senate.
j Mr. NICHOLS. I do not understand that to
j be a private bill at all; and I do understand that
