1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
obliged to have a large army and navy to protect
not only the Island of Cuba, but your own coun-
try, from foreign aggression; and, if this bill shali
pass, I am prepared to offer to the Senate a prop-
osition for the building of one hundred steamers,
and an increase of the standing Army to the extent
of not less than thirty thousand men. These may
be considered wild and visionary views ofmine,
but let it be remembered that if we are to have
a war with England and France, or should drift
into one in an attemptto wrest Cuba from Spain,
we shall have to contend against a combinedfleet
of fifteen hundred ships, while we show but fifty-
seven. Wo have more than ten or twelve thou-
sand miles of coast-hne to defend. We have no
forts that could defend our coast against the at-
tack of an enemy like England or Prance. Our
whole frontier is exposed; and every city upon
the Atlantic coast might be laid in ashes before
the declaration of war was fully announced to the
country. _
These jre considerations for the people of this
country. These aie questions for them fully to
deliberate upon. If we are to take Cuba by vio-
lence, we must be prepared to inaugurate this new
epoch; we must be prepared to change the whole
policy of our country, and to maintain large stand-
ing armies, and increase the Navy to an extent
commensurate, at least, with the expanded sea-
coast that we have to defend.
But, Mr. President, I have another objection
to this bill. 1 object to the time when it is pro-
posed. What, let me ask, is the immediate ne-
cessity? What is the imminent danger that we
are now threatened with from Cuba ? What is the
difference between the position that we now main-
tain, and that in whica we have found ourselves
for the last twenty-five years? None, whatever,
except this: that we have a bankrupt Treasury.
We have told our own people to stand aside, we
have no time to consider the Private Calendar;
we have not considered it just or right or proper,
in the present embarrassed condition of the Treas-
ury, to take up the private claims of our own
citizens against the Government; we have post-
poned the claims of the people, who have been
knocking at these doors for the payVnent of just
demands against the Government, not only for
money spent in the defense of the country, but
for money absolutely loaned, and the ri^eipt of
which has been acknowledged. Not a particle of
consideration is shown these persons. They are
turned aside with cold indifference, on the plea
that we Ijave not time fo consider private claims
while more pressing public matters are before us.
Why are we talking now about retrenchment and
economy? Why are we refusing to establish a
financial policy in accoidance with the views of
the Executive, who himself has said that we have
now really no financial policy, and thatthe wants
of the Government are far beyond the income de-
rived from its revenues. Why do we not comply
with the recommendation of the President in this
respect, when the necessity of it is so patent to the
country? I fear it is simply because it may conflict
with the views of party principle and policy, which
have been laid down for the Government, without
any reference whatever to the great and vital in-
terests of the people. This is, to me, not in ac-
coi dance with the interests of the country, or the
feelings of the American people, who desire to
tin i r officers well paid, and who have a right to
demand ihnt ell the interests of the country shall
be promoted, by building fortifications where they
ore required, by the election of eustom-housys
find light-houses, by the advancement of the gen-
eral welfare, and the development of all our >;redt
resources. Thai would be more ill accordance
with the spirit and genius of the Ameuean peo-
ple than the little cheese-paring and candlc-eni!
economy which I find carried out heie, which is
only temporary, at best, and which must come
back, with thrte-fokl force and loss, before an-
other Congress rolls around.
Mr. President. 1 must bring my remarks to a
close; for 1 fear I have not only tired myself, but
tired the Senate. I wish to notice the last s«i-
tenee of the speech of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana. After he had vindicated his doctrine
of intervention for the independence of Cuba, he
said:
" Tel! be.. loo. th a. n'lh" people of the l-lanil, with then
ni Jet" i:>11 ih c hcmm,1"!, me! Kpuhiioae m-umnoi:-
Cjilil !l ;hal! Je to um.e lliem-iive-, with us, they
trt!! tv i,d'<nuee to itu oij.il-.iionl* vl.i' o '''it rf
government secures to each independent State that enters
into its charmed circle. She shall urate with us freely, the
equal associate of free Slates; and when the union shall
have been accomplished, the sword of the nation shall
smite down any rude hand that shall attempt to sunder
those whom the God of freedom has united."
I dissent entirely from a proposition of that
sort. I do not desire to see here a wholesale nat-
uralization of five or six hundred thousand Cu-
bans, utterly ignorant of the institutions of this
country, utterly unfit to exercise the rights of a
republican government. I do not admit your
right, under the Constitution, to bring into these
'United States a foreign State with foreign educa-
tion, foreign prejudices, foreign sentiments and
feelings, entirely at variance with the received
opinions'of our people—which is to be followed
by the further absorption of Mexico, upon the
same plea of necessary progression and exten-
sion.
Sir, this policy is at variance with the prin-
ciples upon which I was elected to this body. I
honestly believe that if this country is to be sev-
ered, if it is to depart from the early teachings of
the fathers of the constitution, if it is to lose sight
of all those landmarks of republican constitutional
government.by which a free people will be en-
abled to govern themselves, it will be by the in-
troduction and absorption of foreign races, with-
out sympathy, without congeniality of sentiment,
without appreciation of the blessings of freedom.
We are coming fast, ay, sir, too fast, to be a simple
confederation of heterogeneous States, without a
somraon understanding of the principles of free
government. We are fast losing the once -homo-
geneous character of our people. We are fast de-
parting from all those landmarks which charac-
terized our country in its early history, and we
are likely to be changed from a free constitutional
government into one of anarchy and despotism.
These are my deliberate views. I never will,
by my vote, consent to admit into this Union,
States whose constitution contains the principle
of alien suffrage. It is at variance with the Con-
stitution of the United States. I am utterly op-
posed to it, and as long; as I shall have the honor
of occupying a seat on this floor, when a new
State comes here, whatever constitution it may
present, whatever population it may have, I will
never admit her to an equal participation in this
Government, if she gives to an alien the same
rights-that I have, without having first complied
with the laws of Congress under the requirements
of the Constitution.
For these and other reasons, I am opposed to
the annexation of Cuba. If we shall ever be so
improvident, so imprudent, and so regardless of
all the high duties imposed upon us by the fathers
of the Revolution, as to lelax these principles, and
admit a people into the Union on this cheap suf-
frage, it will be the beginning of a speedy end of
this form of Government.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I desire to say
something on this subject; but 1 do not like to go
on at this time of night, [nine o'clock n. m.] We
have been here for two nights successively until
twelve o'clock; and I hardly feel able to go on
now. Unless there is some Senator who wishes
now to speak, 1 shall move an adjournment; but
if any one does desire to go on at this time, of
coinse 1 shall withdraw the motion. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wadc,] and the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] that they
are prepared to address the Senate to-night. Pir-
haps it would be more agreeable to them to ad-
dress the .Senate to-morrow; but, inasmuch as it
is the intention of the friends of this bill to press
it to a final vote to-morrow, it is very certain that
we shall cithci have to sit on Sunday or that some
of the in will be deprived of the opportunity of
speaking. I suggest, then, to those gentlemen,
whethei" it would not be bet'er to go oil tn-mglit.
If they aie willing to go on, I ask for the "yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn, and then I shall
ask for a vote on the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] desired me to say that he has
paned off witn the Senator fiom Georgia, [Mr.
Toomhs.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays>,
resulted—yeas 17, nays tiS: as follows:
VKV3 — Me^r=. Hi!), Brnden"!:, Caraevn, C;ienjle>\
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Boolittle, Foot, Foster, Hamlin,
Harlan, King, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade,and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,Chesnut,Clay,
Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Eiee, Sebas-
tian, Slidell, Smith, Ward, Wright, and Yulee—28.
So the Senate'refused to adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, at this late
age of the session , it is impossible for any one
to hope that this bill, even if it should be acted
on by the Senate, will receive any action in the
House of Representatives at the present session.
There is now pending in the Senate a bill, which
has been acted on by the House, which has been
the subject-matter of discussion for the last fifteen
years, upon which the minds of all Senators are
already made up, and in regard to which it is
unnecessary to take any great time in discussion
—I refer to the homestead bill. Inasmuch as the
majority of this body are determined to waste the
time of the session, which is about to expire, in
the discussion of a proposition which they can
have no hope of carrying through the House of
Representatives at this session, even if it should
pass the Senate, I move to postpone the pending
bill and all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the homestead bill; and on that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will observe still further
as to the importance and necessity of action on
this bill, we desire to have it understood, and the
country will understand, that we stand upon the
good old Democratic doctrine of opening the Ter-
ritories of the West as homesteads for the free
white men of this country; and so far as the other
question which is now pending is concerned, the
Cuban policy, it is altogether too narrow and too
contracted to meet with the Republican policy.
Sir, we propose to the people of this country a
policy which looks towards opening the free Ter-
ritories of the AVest as homesteads for the white
men, and the whole of Central America, the whole
of the intertropical regions of this continent, as
homesteads for the free colored population of the
United States.
Mr. SLIDELL. I call the Senator to order,
and ask the Chair to decide the question of order.
I desire it to be decided whether, on this motion
to postpone the prior orders, the Senator has a
right to enter into the discussion of the merits of
the homestead bill before it has been taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitch in
the chair.) The question of order being raised,
the Chair 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to go into
the merits of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
decide the question of order. Upon amotion to
postpone pnor orders for the purpose of taking
up a bill, the Senator from Wisconsin cannot dis-
cuss the merits of the bill which he proposes to
take up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the merits. I merely propose to state the
question, and say that with the homestead bill
we propose to open up the western Territories as
homesteads for the free white men, and, on the
other question we propose, when we get to it 
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Chair will enforce
its decision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope it will be the policy
of the United States to open Central America to
the free colored men 
Mr. SEIDELL. I call on the Chair to enforce
its decision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not discussing the
merits of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a dif-
ference of opinion between the Senator and the
Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, sir, if the Chair in-
sists on an opinion like that, I shall appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin appeals from the decision of the
Chsir. The question is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair be sustained ? "
Mr. CHANDLER. I call forthe yeasandnays.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to say
anything more, and as the yeas and nays have
been ordered upon the motion to postpone the
prior orders and tak" up the homestead bill, I
hop  the yca« end nays will be taken.
