270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
suit was bvoughtby the United States against the
schooner Renaissance and cargo. The schooner
was seized by the marshal, under the authority
of the cotm, and was condemned and sold. The
costs and various expenses incurred in the course
of the proceedings, for the sale, &.C., amounted
to £533 35, which was paid out of the proceeds
of tho property sold; but, upon an appeal to the
circuit court, the decree of the district court was
reversed condemning the vessel and cargo, and
the marshal was compelled to pay the amount he
had received over to the claimants. These claims
were presented to the Navy Department, but were
not paid, as there were no funds under the control
of that Department to pay. They were then re-
ferred to the Interior Department. There was
some inclination there to regard them as payable
out of the judiciary fund, and they were sent to
the Comptroller's Office. The Comptroller did
riot think that they could be paid out of the ju-
diciary fund; but would require for their payment
the intervention of Congress.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG.
A hill (H. R. No. 444) for the relief of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Lon^r.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to ascertain, as in the case of John P. B. and
Henry Gratiot, whatamount, if any, of rent, was
exacted by the United States agents of lead mines
from Joseph Ilatdy, for lead mined and smelted
upon the lands of the Ottawa, Pottawatomie,
Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes of In-
dians,prior to their purchaseby theUmtcdStates,
and pay suck amount as may he legally proved
to have been actually paid by him to such agents
of the United States, to Joseph Hardy and Alton
Long, out of"any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
It appears from the report that Joseph Hardy,
one of the petitioner*, previous to tho year 1823,
made an arrangement with the Winnebago, Ot-
towa, Pottawatomie,and Chippewa Indians, and
obtained from them permission to work certain
lead mines on the lands occupied fey them, on the
upper Mississippi, within the Territories of the
United States, and to which their title had not
then been extinguished. There is no direct, proof
of that arrangement, or of the time when it was
entered into, but the fact of its having beef) made
is sufficiently established by other evidence.
Some time after this arrangement was made, it
scums that the agents of the United States saw lit
to contest the t igh t of Mr. Ilauly to cat ry on the
smelting of fend under this contact with the In-
dians, and insisted upon his paving rent to the
United States for the iikj> of the mines, and taking
from them u lease of license to that effect. When
this interference with the operations of Mr. Hardy
fiist took plure does not appearfrom anything in
the papers submitted, but it was certamlv pi tor
to the year 1^26, as rent was paid to the United
States by Mr. llardy in 3^26; and (here is a ropy
of a contract between him and Lieutenant M.
Thomas, superintendent of the United State* lead
mines, dated June 7, 3827, giving to Mr. Hudy
permission to purchase and smelt ore on those
lands for the period of one year from that date, on
his stipulating to pay a certain rent therefor. The
Indian title to the lands on which the mines in
question were situated was not extinguished until
in 1829 and 1832, when the treaties of Prairie du
Chien and ot Rock Island were respectively made
(7 Statutes at Large, 320 and 370) with the diffei-
ent tribes occupying them. Piom the time the
agents of the United States first claimed rent for
the wotldng of tause mines, it appears from a
statement furnished by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office wiih his letter of the 21st of
February, 1850, that Mr. Hardy had delivered to
the agents of the United States, up to the 2d of
January, 1830—the day on whi« h the tie.ityof
Prairie du Chien went info effect—one hundred
and seven thousand four bundled and ninety-two
pounds of lead. And tue question now pf sentul
is this: oughtthis rent to be returned, because im-
properly cxacted5
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ENOCH B. TALCOTT.
A bill (II. II. No. 77) for the relief of Enoch
B. Talcott,
The bill directs that there shall be paid to
Enoch B. Talcott, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, $452 97, the
amount lost by him by the robbery of the cus- I
tom-house at Oswego, New York, on the night 1
of December 9, 1857, whilst he was collector of i
customs for that district. j
It appears from the report that the money was ;
keptin an iron safe provided by the Government,
and that on the nightof the robbery the safe was
properly locked, and the doors of th& custom-
house fastened and secured by bolts and bars.
The thieves succeeded in making an entrance into
the room, and then, by means of gunpowder, as
it is believed, blew open the lock of the iron safe,
from which they abstracted the sum of money
now proposed to be paid Mr. Talcott, he having
at the time made good the amount to the Treas-
ury.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
SAMUEL A. FAIftCHILDS.
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of Samuel
A. Fairchilds.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of Samuel A. Fair-
childs, for expenses and services in arresting and
bringing to trial certain persons charged with rob-
bing the mails of the United States, and to pay
him out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, whatever sum may be shown
by proper evidence he may have expended in
arresting and securing the said parties and deliv-
ering them to the authorities of the United States;
also to pay him a fair compensation for his ser-
vices in the premises; provided that the whole
amount paid him under tho bill shall not exceed
tho sum of $802 50.
It appears from the report that the claimant was
the sheriff of Madison county, Texas, and receiv-
ing a warrant issued by a justice of the peace
within the said county, directing him to arrest
certain parties chargcd with robbing tho United
States mail, he did anest and bring to trial the
patties so charged. The trial lesulted in the con-
|l vic.tion and confinement in the penitentiary of one
of the parties so arrested. Mr. Faiichilds alleges
and proves, that in executing the mandate of the
justice he expended upwards of four hundred dol-
lars. He also claims $300 as a fair compensation
for his services. Tho duty of arresting the par-
tics accused devolved upon the petitioner on ac-
count of the absence of the United Status marshal,
lie employed and patd guards to secure, the pris-
oners, ami was himself peisonally employed in
the matter about three months.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HALL NKILSON.
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 21) for the relief
of Had Neilson.
The bill provides that whereas by a contract or
agreement entered into in August, 1841, between
the Solicitor of the Treasuiy and Hall Neilson,
by which the latter executed iour several bonds of
$i,500 each,payable to thcUnited States, with in-
terest, for the purchase of a certain piece of land,
the pi operty of the United States, near Vmcennes,
Indiana; and whereas the title to said land sooa
after bccamo the subject of litigation, by which it
has been rendeied unavailable to the purchaser to
the. piesent time, the Solicitor of the Treasury be
directed to surrender said bonds to Hall Neilson,
upon the payment of the principal thereof and
any costs that may have been meuried thereon,
without interest; provided payment be made
within six months fiom the eonfn mation of the
title of the United States to the land to Hall Neil-
son.
It appears from the report that, in 1828,William
H. Neilson entered into a contract with Messrs.
Hartolett, Harrison, and Buntin, trustees for the
. Secretary of the Treasury, for the purchase of a
;; certain lotof land, with improvements, near Vm-
h cennes, Indiana, for which he agreed to pay
j £G,OU0, in six yearly payments of §1,000 each,
, commencing on January 1,1630, the trustees stip-
'1 uLumg to convey she property with a general
!; wuiumty. Uudei this contract for a title it appears
i, that the purchaser expended a large sum in im-
|j provements on the property. Although frequently
II applied to, the trustees delayed to execute the
deeds, in consequence of the failure of Mr. Juelah,
the United States distnet attorney, who had re-
ceived the deeds from the Bank of Vincetincs to
the United States, to place the same upon record.
In the mean time the equitable title passed from
W. H. Neilson to the presentpetitioner. Adverse
claims had also sprung up against the title ofthe
United States. Under such circumstances, as the
petitioner alleges, he found it impracticable to rent
or sell the property, and consequently the build-
ings and improvements went to decay, and were
entirely lost. In 1841, the Solicitor ofthe Treas-
ury called on Mr. Neilson for an adjustment of
the matter; and it was finally arranged by Mr.
Neilson giving his bond, with security, for the
payment to the United States of tho original sum
of $6,000, with interest from November 15,1838,
payable in four instalments, on the 1st of August,
in the years 1843, 1844, 1845, and 1846, in con-
sideration of which he received a deed, with
special instead of general warranty from the Uni-
ted States.
In 1844, a suit was commenced by Wilson
Logan against Hall Neilson to recover this prop-
erty, and the Government consented to suspend
the collcction of Mr. Ncilson's bonds until the
result of this suit should be ascertained. The
courts of Indiana decided adversely to the title
of Mr. Neilson, as the assignee of the United
States. From this decision an appeal was taken
to the Supreme Court of the United States, in
which the decision of Indiana was reversed, and
the title of Mr. Neilson from the United States
was sustained, and the case remanded to the courts
of Indiana for proceedings accordingly. It is un-
derstood that this decision of tho Supreme Court
has been acquiesced in by the supreme court of
Indiana, and that the ca^e will be finally disposed
of in the Knox county court, where the proceed-
ings originated, in March next, thus finally set-
tling the question of title in favor of Mr. Neilson.
Under these circumstances, the Solicitor of the
Treasury now demands payment of the bonds
given by Mr. Neilson, with the interest, agree-
ably to their tenor. Mr. Neilson expresses his
willingness to pay tho amountof the original pur-
chase money, notwithstanding the heavy losses
which he alleges that he has sustained by the
decay and the destruction of the improvements
on the property, and his inability to sell, use, or
lease it, by reason of the litigation of the title,
but he asks to be relieved from the payment of
the interest. *
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ELIAS HALL.
An act (S. No. 68) for the relief of Elias Hall,
of Rutland, Vermont.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to cause
to be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Elias Hall, of Rut-
land, Vermont, the sum of $516 52, in full for
the balance-due him for his services as superin-
tendent of repairs of small arms, and for subsist-
ence, expenses, and losses while engaged in the
service of the United States, during the last war
with Great Britain, with interest thereon from tho
29th of April, 1854, when the account was prop-
erly presented for payment.
Mr. LETCHER. " I object.
Mr. WALTON. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his objection, and hear the
report.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 will not permit any claim
to go through here which provides for the pay-
I ment of interest.
! Mr. WALTON. Well, sti ike out the interest.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the report be read.
The repojt was read; from which it appears
that the memorialist was a gunsmith, and in 1812
was doing a largo and profitable business in Mid-
dlebury, Vermont. In October of that year, a
portion of the American Army being stationed at
Plattsburg, New York, Lieutenant Colonel Brear-
ly was sent into Vermont to procure a quantity of
pikes for the use of his regiment. After several
unsuccessful efforts, he applied to Mr. Hall, who
entered with great energy and patriotism into the
service of supplying the Army with the desired
weapons. So highly pleased was Colonel Breariy
with the skill and energy of character manifested
by the memorialist, that he prevailed upon him
to repair to headquarters, " that the Army might
