1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his appeal, or call for the yeas and
nays on. the appeal ?.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I say I demand the yeas
and nays on the other question. I have said all
I desire to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The call, for
ihe yias and nays on the Senator's mdtion has
been seconded, and that is the pending question.
Senators in favor of postponing all .prior orders
and taking up the homestead bill, wiH, as their
names are called, answer " yea," those opposed
will answer " nay."
Mr. LANE. Before the vote is tafitti, I desire
to say that I do not understand the provisions of
this bill as the Senator from Wisconsin under-
stands them. He says, the purpose is to open up
oyr Territories to settlement by giving away the
domain. If I have tead the bill aright, it does not
propose to encourage the settlement of Oregon
or of Washington Territory, of that portion of
the country that needs, more than any other, aid
andassistance in the way of procuring settlement.
Itproposes to give away lands m 
Mr, SLIDELL. Will my friend from Oregon
give way ?
Mr. LANE. I only want to give a reason for
my vote.
Mr. SLIDELL. But by doing so he answers
the purpose of the opposite gule in consuming
time.
Mr. LANE. I want to give a reason why I
shall vote against this motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I feel obliged to interpose.
Mr. LANE. I only want to say that this bill
offers a premium to tho.se who will stop this side
of Oregon and Washington and our Pacific coast,
and thus tends to prevent the settlement of that
country. I shall, therefore, vote agnmst taking
up, and vote against the passage of this bill with
its present piovisions, because it is offering a
premium to those who will not go to Oregon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. /0riNS0N,o f Tennessee. Willthe Sen-
ator permit mo to say a word?
Mr DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Wisconsin to a
single point. He knows that I have been the
early and consistent friend of the homestead prop-
osition. 1 advocated that measuie when it had
but few fiiends; I have advocated it since it has
had many friends. Wcstruggled with it through
one branch of Congress, and we have it now be-
fore the Senate for action, i wish merely to sug-
gest, m this connection* that while i am for it,
and intend to vote for it, and speak for it until i
am really satisfied that it is either to he post-
poned finally, or to become the law, I hope the
Senator, in the present state of allum«, with an-
other question before the Senate, and Senatois
willing to speak upon it, and all prepared to vote
upon it, will withdraw his motion. It, is not
worth while to antagonize with the pending ques-
tion, when it actually weakens the proposition,
and certainly cannot advance it. lam as much
for the measure as the Senator from Wisconsin
can be, and I was almost going to say that I am
more for it than he can be. I hope he wdl with-
draw his proposition, and let us have action on
the subject now bufon' the Senate, The course
which he is taking mnnnt strengthen 'the home-
stead measure. It will give it no votes, and in the
present state of affairs and business before the
Senate, I am satisfied that there are many Sen-
ators who are in favor of the homestead bill who
will vote against postponing this bill at the pres-
ent time. I trust, then, he will withdraw his mo-
tion, aivd let it be understood that so soon as the
Cuba question is disposed of, we shall make one
common and united effort to bring up the home-
stead bill and procuie the action of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had only a word to say,
and the Senator from Tennessee has said that m
about the form that I should have done. I think
it is unwise in the friends of the homestead bill to
occupy time by crossing motions in this way and
thus defeating the bill, when if we will consider
one question at a time, we shall have ample op-
portunity to dispose of both. The right way now
to pass the homestead bill, and the only chance
it has, is to stand by the Cuba bill until we get
through with it, then take up the homestead bill,
and go on with that until we get through with it,
and then take up the appropriation bills and get
through with them. Let us take up one measure
at a time, as we reach it. I voted to give the home-
stead bill priority over the Cuba bill; but this
being up, as a friend of the homestead measure,
1 think the surest way to pass it is to stand by
this bill until we dispose of it, and then take up
the homestead bill.
Mr. CLARK. As a friend of the homestead
bill I do not want to lose any votes for it by press-
ing n at an unseasonable hour. I think this is an
unseasonable hour to press that or any other
measure, [fifteen minutes past nine o'clock.] I
therefoie move that the Senate adjourn, and on
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I have paired off with the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
f do not know that we were paired off on this
particular question, but as he is on the other side
to me, and I behove i am right, I shall abstain
from voting.
Mr. CAMERON. I have paired off with the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Allen.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Dixon, DoohttJe, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin,
Hat Ian, Kin<r, Simmons,Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—17.
NAVri-AliMS. Benjamin, i3igler, Brown, Cliesnut, Clay,
Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, Fu/.patiick, Green, Givm, Hitu-
toi, Iverson, Johnson of' Arkansas, John.son of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Pearce, Folk, Pugh, Reid, Rice,
Scbasii'ui, Sewaid, Sluelds, Slidell, Small, Ward, Wright,
and Ynlee—
So the Senate refused to adjourn; and the ques-
tion iccurred on the motion of Mr. Doolitti-e to
postpone all prior orders and take up the home-
stead bill.
Mr. RICE. If there is any one measure be-
fore the Senate that I.desire to pass,it is the home-
stead bill; but I believe that every effort made by
those who advocatei t, to call it up on an occasion
like this, will but weaken the measure. It is cer-
tain that it cannot be brought up now; it has not
the votes here to do it; and the tendency of every
effort which is made, and which results in a fail-
uie, is to weaken the measuie. I hope, there-
fore, the Senator from Wisconsin will withdiaw
hirt mofion. I ask this as a friend of the measure;
and believing him to be a friend of it, I ask him
to withdraw his motion.
Mi. IHIOWN. There is no necessary antag-
onism between these two measures. The Cuba
question is now befoie the Senate,and its friends
wan to press it to a vote. There ought not to be,
therefore, any purpose on the part of the friends
of the homestead bill to thrust it in at this stage
of proceedings. I shall not vote for the home-
stead bill, though I am not particularly unfriendly
to it. I will say to my friend from Wisconsin,
that if he will now withdraw his motion, I will,
so soon as the Cuba bill is disposed of, vote with
hnn to take up the homestead bill. I want to get
along with one thing at a time. I am willing to
bi ing it before the Senate on a proper occasion, and
i-'t the Senate dispose ot it as they may determine.
I hope the friends of that measure will not press
it now, nor fritter away our lime by making one
meuMue clash with another.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I make an
appeal to the Senator fiom Wisconsin, as a friend
of the homestead measure, to withdraw his prop-
osition for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If* there was any assu-
rance that the homestead bill could be taken up,
after the Cuba question was disposed of, I should
feel willing to sec it have the go-by on the pres-
ent occasion; but we have sought repeatedly to
bring up the homestead bill, and e\ery movement
that Ims been made to bring it up has been met
with a counter movement ciowding it out of the
way with something else. On .several occasions
the appropriation bills have been inter-posed; and
we all know that the Senator from Virginiaalways
has an appropriation bill ready whenever any
measure comes up to which he is opposed; and
we all know that, at this stage of the session, he
can secure a majority of the Senate to postpone
any measure for an appropriation bill. Now, if
the Senator from Virginia will give us an assu-
rance that we shall have a chance to bring up the
homestead bill, and keep it before the Senate until
we can get a vote on it, after the Cuba bill is.
through,and that he will not interpose an appro-
priation billj I would join with gentlemen in ask-
ing my friend from Wisconsin to withdraw the
motion he has made; but, if we are to be met with
appropriation bills to crowd the homestead bill
out afterwards, we may as well press it now as
any other time.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly will prpss the
appropriation bills. I will give no promise to
vote to tak-e up the homestead bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is as I expected.
Now, I ask, what hope have the friends of the
homestead bill if they give it the go-by now? I
appeal to the Senator from Tennessee to stand by
this great favoiite measure of his, of more benefit
to the country than any other project that has
been introduced into this body. We now have
notice that we are to be met with an appropriation
bill the moment that the Cuba question is dis-
posed of, and here we are wasting our time at this
stage of the sq|pion in making long speeches, and
debating about the acquisition of a country that
does not belong to us, instead of providing for the
settlement of the country which wc own. There
can be no hope of getting up the homestead bill
as against an appropriation bill. It is very man-
ifest now that any attempt will be useless, be-
cause the appropriation bills are bills of that char-
acter which we all admit must be passed; and if
two days are now to be taken up with the Cuba
question, a measure which its friends do not ex-
pect to pass through the other House—at least it
has been stated here that there is no probability
of its passing the other House, and nobody has
contradicted the statement—we are wasting the
time of the Senate upon a measure out of which
nothing practical is to come, and postponing a
measure of vital interest to the country, and to all
sections of the country.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me one moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Illinois,
on the part of those with whom he acts, name an
hour at which they will agree to vote upon both
propositions—Cuba and the homestead?
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am concerned,
I am leady to vote on the homestead now,'and I
am rei^ly to vote on the other question now; but
other gentlemen, I understand, design to discuss
the Cuba bill; and I am willing that they should
discuss it. Othergentlemen, I suppose, desire to
discuss the homestead bill. 1 cannot control them.
As for myself, I do not care to hear a discussion
upon cither bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I hope that
no Senator who is a friend of the homestead bill
will undertake to make any bargain to give away
whatever chance it has, small as it may be, to be
carried at the present time. I gi*e notice tp any
Senator who shall undertake t> do that, that if
he undertakes to bargain my vote, he will find
that 1 am not prepared to carry out his agreement.
I found fault with my honorable friend from Wis-
consin this morning, when, I think, in a spiritof
courtesy, rather than in a spirit of justice and con-
sideration, he withdiewlus motion to take up the
homestead bill, and allowed the Cuba question
to be taken up for consideration by the Senate*.
That was nine hours ago.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg leave to correct my
honorable friend from New York. I did not yield
for the purpose of taking up the Cuba bill.. I
yielded in pursuance of what I understood to be
an understanding of the evening previous, that we
should take a vote on the post route bill. Then,
it is true, I failed to get the floor, and the Senator
from Louisiana had it.
Mr. SEWARD. I stand corrected; and the
fault was less grave than I supposed it to be. The
honorable Senator who this morning took charge
of the homestead bill did give way'to enable the
Senate to pass a bill to increase the postages which
are paid by the people of the free States of this
Union to reduce the burdens that fall upon the
slave States of the Union. He will excuse me for
saying it was not wisely done; but it was acqui-
esced m by the friends of the homestead bill; and
now certainly, at this hour of the night, after nine
hours' yielding to the discussion of the Cuba ques-
tion, it is time to come back to the great question
of the day and the age. The Senate of the United
States may as well meet face to face the issue
which is before them. It is an iosue presented
