1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1358
by the competition between these two questions:
one, the homestead bill, is a question of homes,
of lands for the landless freemen of the United
States. The Cuba bill is the question of slaves
for the slaveholders in the United States. My
honorable friend from Maine says it creates a
question of more slaves to the slaveholders.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from New York yield to the Senator from Louis-
iana?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir, J do not.
Mr. SEIDELL. I call the Senator from New
York to oid<-'r, and ask the Chair to stand by the
decision which was made this evening by the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
state his point of order?
Mr. SEIDELL. It is, that on a proposition to
postpone the prior orders, the Senator from New
York is entering into a discussion of the compara-
tive merits of the two bills, and the policy they in-
volve—the slave question and the free question,
and, in fact, everything1 possible that can be in-
troduced into a discussion of the kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
decide the point of order without debate. Un-
doubtedly, by the genera! parliamentary law, it
is not in order to discuss the merits of a propo-
sition on a motion to take it up: but the question
having been distinctly presented to the Senate
again and again, and the Senate having refused
to make that limitation, the Chair declines to im-
pose a limitation on tin; Senate which it has re-
fused to impose upon itself.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair is undoubtedly
correct.
Mr. SEIDELL. I wish to ask one question of
the Presiding Officer. Certainly we should have
some rule to govern us. The Senator who satin
the Chairsome half an hoursince, decided directly
the reverse. It seems to me we should have some
well-deiined rule of the Senate upon this subject.
1 do it with great reluctance, but I shall feel com-
pelled to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FITCH. The reason the previous occu-
pant of the Chair decided piecisely 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call both Senators to
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senat%from
Maine rises to a point of order, which he will
state.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No appeal is taken from
the decision of the Chair, and debate is out of
order on that question. The Chair decided it,
and no appeal was taken.
Mr. SEIDELL. i do appeal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; then it is in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair standas thejudg-
mentofthe Senate?"
Mr. SIMMONS. Is that question debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall vote to sustain the
decision of the Chair. There was a decision of
the Chair about half an hoursince, that upon the
question of postponing all prior orders to take up
a proposition, it was not debatable. Debate was
ruled out of older.
Mr. SEIDELL. With the permission of the
Senator from Rhode Island 
The VICE PRESi DENT. Does the Senator
from Rhode* Island yield the floor?
Mr. SIMMONS." No, sir; I will not yield
until 1 get through.
Mr. SLIDELL. I withdraw my appeal.
"Mr SIMMONS. Then i am happy to be re-
lieved from speaking on this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ftom
New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I plainly fore-
see that we are reaching the time when we shall
be able to discriminate between the true friends
of the homestead bill, or of the policy of the re-
linquishment of the public lands to the people of
the United States for actual settlement and resi-
dence, and those who are its friends fiom expe-
diency, the friends of the hour, the friends of the
day, the friends fiom the consideration of the im-
portant',e which thev 
Mr, FITCH. l\vish the question of order to
be put to the Senate, and not to the Chair. Ihe
Chair has decided} as the lccent occupant ol the
Chair did, that, under strict parliamentary law,
the merits of a bill which it was proposed to take
up could not be discussed on a motion to post-
pone the prior orders, for the purpose of taking
it up, but stated that th  Senate had refused to
. sustain that decision; and therefore the Chair was
| not disposed, himself, to enforce it. I now ap-
peal to the Senate to enforce it, and see if this in-
terminable discussion upon a subject not before
the Senate can bp stopned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What question
does the Senator make?
Mr. FITCH. That the Chair shall submit this
question to the Senate, whether this debate is m
order or not ?
Mr. FOSTER. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. FOSTER. The pointof order is, that the
Senator, instead of addressing the Chair and
making his points to the Chair, appeals to the
Senate. It strikes me that this is a gioas bieach
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Indiana to address the*
Chair.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is under a decided
mistake. I asked the Chair to put the question
to the Senate. It is not an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, because the decision of the
Chair is undoubtedly correct; but he stated he
would not enforce it, as whenever, the attempt to
do so was made, it was overruled by the Senate.
I simply ask the Chair again to put the question
to the Senate, whether his decision is correct or
not,
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand it is a priv-
ilege of the Chair, in a discussion where doubts
are entertained m relation to the propriety of a
certain rule or a certain point, to put it to the vote
of the Senate without deciding it. The Chair is
now asked to put to a vote of the Senate what the
Chair has decided already. I take it for granted
that the Chair, having decided thus far, the only
way in which the Senate can pass upon it is by
an appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he was slightly misapprehended by the
Senator from Indiana. The Chair has never de-
cided that it was out of order for a Senator to dis-
cuss the merits of a proposition on a motion to
take it up. He has been governed entirely by
the action and practice ofcthe Senate. The ques-
tion is never made until the closc of the session.
The opportunity has again and again been offered
to the Senate to make a ruledeclaiing it to be out
of order to discuss the merits of a question on a
motion to take it up. The Senate having declined
to do so, the Chair will nor undertake to impose
a hmitntion on the body which it has not imposed
upon nseif. The Senate must make its own rules.
The Chair has made the decision, and declines to
submit it to the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose I am in order.
The VICE FRESIDEN I\ The Senator from
New York has the floor.
Mr. SE WARD. I wish, therefore, to give no-
tice to tiie friends of the homestead bill, and I hope
that the country will understand the exact posi-
tion of this question. Ir is, so far as this session
of Congi oss is concerned, the last hour of the last
day in which a motion to take up and decide the
homestead bill with succcss can be made. It is
the last day of this Congiess, the fifth Congress
of which 1 have been a member, m winch the
homestead bill has been agitated in the Senate,
and discussed with more or less care and delibera-
tion, and postponed for other questions which
vveiu held by the Senate to be more important. :
This vote will be taken by the country to be a vote '
deciding that, between the President's scheme of 1
securing for himself the control of $30,000,000 for
the impracticable purpose of acquiring the Island
of Cuba to fortify and extend slavery m the United
States, and the policy of opening the public lands
to settlement by the inhabitants and citizens of the ,
United btates, as actual residents, to be cultivated ,
by them, and become t?x payers and supporters
of the Government, the Senate decides tor the one
or the other according to its preference. For one,
I am not willing to be bound by any agreement to ■
postpone this question for an hour longer. At ■
every sta^e of the session now approaching the j
end of three months:, this question has been urged i
! upon the consideration of the Senate, and at every
' stage it has been met by delays, by postpone-
' ments, and by other means of resistance, until
i there is no longer a hope left. I believe that the
: Chair was right m deciding that the Senate had
j never restricted debate on such questions. I think;
; it would be unfortunate if it shauid do so. But,
! at all events, whatever the disposition of the Sen-
ate might be, I believe that, in all the remarks i
have submitted upon this occasion, I have not
transgressed the rules which even the strict-con-
structionists of the Senate would prescribe. Upon
a question whether the Senate will lay down one
question and take up another, it is necessary, and
; it is proper, that the considerations in favor of the
policy of the one measure should be contrasted
against the considerations which support the pol-
icy of the other. 1 have gone no further than this.
It is simply coming to the point; and if it brings
up, in any degree, the merits of the respective
measures, it is not by discussing the merits of
each in detail, but it is by taking the salient fea-
tures of each, and placing them in contrast, to
enable the Senate to judge.
j! Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise merely for
I: the purpose of announcing to the Senate and to
|i the country thatduring this day, which is the last
!j day, as the Senator says, when there is a prospect
!' of taking up this bill, which he characterizes as
jj a great measure, for the last four or five hours
|j gentlemen upon the other side of the Chamber
|i have been moving and voting for adjournments,
ij so as to prevent the possibility of the passage of
I this great measure. If his side of the House
i could have prevailed by their votes, we should
i have adjourned five hours ago.
| Mr. TOOMBS. It is very rarely that I am in
I the habit, in this body, of addressing the country;
| and I do not intend to do it now. When I ad-
I dress the country 1 speak to the country. I speak
! to the American people in their own proper names,
and to them especially; but, upon these little,
I paltry tricks, of two-penny demagogues, to pre-
i %ent coming to a vote on this question,*! speak
! to the Senate, and to Senators. As to your " land
! to the landless," it is supposed to carry with it
I some amount of demagogical power. I do not
| pretend to condemn it. I am ready to examine
i it when it comes up, and to decide it upon its
I merits; but it is not in order now. 1 trust that
j American Senators, in consideration of great ques-
; tions connected with the public service, are not
I to be driven or intimidated by a parcel of gentle-
| men who seek to avoid a real issue by appealing
I tolacklanders—"honestsettlers,"! believe,i the
! term—giving the public lands to the landless, and
| making donations of it to them.
j It will not require very long when the Senate
! will see it, and 1 need not addiess them to show
! that these people do not seek to carry on the Gov-
| crnment'in its foreign relations, nor m its domes-
■ tic relations, with reference to this great people.
; They do not seek to carry out us great mission;
but when a question is presented they shrink, and
squiim,and are afraid to meet the country. These
. very lacklanders shrink and tremble, and, to
' avoid the responsibility of voting upon this great
; foreign policy, they will stop and give " land to
the landless." As one Senator has said, you have
I discussed it for ten years; and what have you
' done? Have they got any land, except that which
i has been thrown away in bounties? Not a par-
I tide of it. When is it that this " land to the land-
! less " most exercises the patriotic bosoms of
| Free-Soilers m this Senate? It is the very mo-
; ment that a question comes up which they are
, afiaid to meet. They will go on for two or
three months, and there is not a movement for
the lacklanders, until just at that very point at
' which something is to be done upon which they
' arc afraid to make a mark; and then, like Niobe,
i they are ail tears for the lacklanders.
I Now, Mr. President, there is one class of peo-
, pie whom I despise as American Senators, and
I that is, demagogues; but there is another class
' that I despise a great deal more; and that is, the
' people who are driven by demagogues. They
| are a great deal worse. A demagogue is a dirty
, dog, but he has got a principle; he appeals to the
I people; he rouses the masses; he speaks home to
; the prejudices, to the passions, and sometimes
: to the vile prejudices and vile passions of the
masses; but the man he drives is worse than he
is; and that is the way with land to the land-
