THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fiftii Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1859.
man from Alabama, the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and I refer it to this House as ,
a proper point for investigation, to know whether
clerks in the Departments of the Government;
whether Cabinet officers; whether any party be*-
hind the law-making power has the right to make
laws for themselves, and refuse to carry out the
judgrfientof Congress and execute the laws passed
by the proper law-making powers of the Govern-
ment?
Having this view of the case, and without say-
ing anything further on it, regarding it as I do as
a proper case for investigation by the Judiciary
Committee, to know whether any further legisla-
tion is necessary to carry out the edicts of Con-
gress; or whether, if none be necessary, any ac-
tion ought to be taken to vindicate the dignity of
Comrress against those of the Executive Depart-
ments that seek to affect it; I move the reference
of the message and accompanying papers to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FAULKNER. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I would like to know what recommend-
ation the President has made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the message.
The SPEAKER. The President states simply
that he transmits the papers from the Treasury
Dep&runent.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the Secreta-
ry's report be read.
The Cleik icad as follows:
Trl wry 1)ep \rtmfnt. January 6, 1859.
Sir : I have 'he i on or to t: aie-mi ( he;ownh a copy of the
decision or the Fn-t <'onspn<;llet oi the Tiea>un upon the
claim of Messrs. Canp.cK 8c K.unicy. toj>,-thei w ah copies
of the papeis on flic in hi-; oihce, ui tei.nion to ^aul claim.
IIOWULL COB 15,
Seirelui y of Ike Ttlmui y.
To the President.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now read the
Comptroller's letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Trfasury dfpartmfn't,
Comptroller's Officii:, Junuaiy 6; 18.j9
Sir: The resolution of the liou-^e ot Iloptc^eit'ratives,
adopted 011 the 03d uhniio, leqtu^tiuy the i'le-ulent to re-
pou " what ciei'.on. n any. ha- l.f en taken undei the sixth
section of the Postappiopi taiion art, approved Au-
gust lb\ 185J, tor I hi adjustment of damages, dae Cairmck
6c E.nnsej, ami if the -aid section ol >ai-l law yet remain-;
unexecuted, that the Pie-ident report She iea>o;^ theiefur,"
\\a^ ictejred b\ >ou ;o tin* oiTiec on the ;>d instant.
I have now the honor to nan-nut. herewith, a copy of
my decision m sa-d ca-e, and ai o copies of the papeis and
communications on ule in iht  ofnee relative to the clann
JII question.
Veiy rcvpeetiullv, vour obedient seivant,
J W.MEDILL.
Hon. IIowlll Cobb. Serretanj oj the Treasury.
Mr. NICHOLS. I simply desire, I will state
to the House, a reference of the whole subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary, instead ot hav-
ing it laid upon the table and ordered to be punt-
ed. 1 call far the previous question.
Mi. HOUSTON. I do not undeistand the crit-
icism the gentleman from Ohio has seen fit to pass
upon the action of the Department, or the proper
accounting officer of the Tieasuiy whose duty it
was to make a decision in this case. If his only
object is to have a reference 
Air. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. lias not the
previous question been called ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly not; for I was in
possession of the floor.
The SPEAKER. Such is the fact. Thegen-
tlcnntn fiom Ohio had sunondered the floor when
it was taken by the .gentleman fiom Alabama,
and before the call for the picvious question.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman's object had
alone been to tefer these papers to any committee
of the House, that could have been accomplished
on his mete motion: but lie has seen fit to go into
a presentation uf (he question undf r a state ot tacts
which, he allocs, controls it, $nd i feel it due to
say a few words hy way of explanation and ivply^
I have not seen the decision of the Comptroller uf
the Tieasury. If that officer has made a decision,
that is all that Confess, under an}' state of tacts
or circumstances, can ask. The contest in thus case,
in its early stage, was one between the then First
Comptroller of the Treasury and the Attorney
18
General, who gave an opinion at the instance of
the Postmaster General. The opinion of the At-
torney General was given on a claim presented
against the Government, growing out of what ,
Carmack & Ramsey hold to have been a viola-
tion of their contract with the Post Office Depart- j
ment. The Postmaster General, in the course of {
that investigation, saw fit to ask the Attorney.
General for his opinion on the law as involved in
the contract and in the subsequent legislation.
That opinion of the Attorney General was given,
and the Comptroller declined to receive k, or m
any way be controlled by it, upon the ground
that, under the law, he alone had a risrht to con-
strue and execute its provisions. He took the
ground that the law having constituted him the ;
party to decidc the questions submitted, he had a !
i right to do so irrespective of any other officer of ■
; the Government! 1 remember that this matter j
| was submitted to the Committee on theJudiciary i
at the last session; and while I may have agreed
; in some of the conclusions of that committee,
there were sonieof them from which I dissented.
| But the action of that committee was simply an
. expression of opinion. There was nothing pro-
' posed for Congress to *do. Congress was not
asked to pass a bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to call the gentle-
man's attention to the language of the report,
made by his own committee, at the last session
of this House:
Por the purposes of thU law, the accounting officer i->
an officer of Conytcss, and, ■pro t-iri >, independent nf all
frxcoutivft inteiteipneo. In one p ,jiii of' view only can
tue President's power be invoked It h his duty to see
that the l.n\s arj faithfully e.\e>.uied. if the Fn.->t Contp-
ti oiler has refused, or s>h ill icfiise, to cany out tins iaw, the
Piesident, knowing it, should cau^ehnn to be removed, and
a person appointed who would <-be\ the Jaw. Congress
has taken us *-haie of the responsibility. m duciaiing that a
contiaetexmedj wa* ab.ogated, and that damages are due.
Whethet it has wise!} oi unwisely met and dischai<rcd that
lesponbibiluy i-> not a question that can be ie% lewed now by
the First Cosnptiollei, the Secietaiy of the Treasiity, rhe
Po-tma'-tei Geneial, or the PicMdont. That is a closed
question. The Ptesideiu hat. appioved the law."
Now, I wish to say, before the gentleman con-
cludes his remarks, that if he will refer to the ar-
guments in this case, he will see that the precise
position taken by his committee at the last session
ns sustained by Attorney General Wirt, Legare,
Butler, Johnson, and other most eminent juusts;
by M r. Spencer. Secretary of W ar, and other gen-
tlemen occupying positions as heads of Executive
Departments; who have all contended that when
Congress devolves a duty of this kind on an re-
counting officer, it must be discharged by him
independently of all influences from any power
whatever. It is the will of Congress, and must
be carried out.
Mr. HOUSTON. The last speech of the gen- .
tleman from Ohio was wholly unnecessary, for
in the beginning of my remaiks I stated that that
war the point at issue m the beginning of this con-
troversy; that the question was whether the juris-
diction of the First Comptroller of the Treasury
was or was not, complete. The First Comptroller
holds, as the gentleman from Ohio holds, that he
had tiie exclusive power to determine the ques-
tion, and that he was not under the control of any
other department of the Government in the dis-
charge of that duty. The Postmaster General,
however, differing from him, called for the opinion
of the Attorney General, and the Atioincy Gen-
: cral decided what he regarded as the law of the
ease. That brought up the issue between the
■ First Comptroller and the Attorney General.
Mr. NICHOLS. Will the gentlemen allow
me another question risrht there?
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the Attorney General did not base his
ohjec?ion to the settlement of this claim by the
: First Comptroller of the Treasury, on the precise
ground which Confess had concluded him fiom
taking, bv finding she facts against him?
I Mr. il6u$TON. I cannot now under'ake to
1 state all the points that were pi evented in the opin-
ion of the Attorney General. I have not recently
New Series....No. 18.
seen it. He did not feel himself concluded by the
phraseology of the act. He did not agree in the
hypothesis which the gentleman from Ohio now
auvocates, that because Congress seemed to have
assumed in its legislation that the contract had
been abrogated by the Postmaster General, they
had therefore necessarily determined the facta
of the case, and had adjudged that the contract
had been abrogated. The opinion of the Attor-
ney General went behind that; but the First Comp-
troller saidr he was not to be controlled in any
way by that opinion. That v/as the condition
of the matter at the last session of Congress, and
before.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have no disposition to pro-
long this discussion to any greater length. I un-
derstand the gentleman from Alabama, the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, to say now that
the Attorney General decided that the contract
of these parties had never been violated. Now,
F ask the .gentleman from Alabama, as a lawyer,
as a distinguished lawyer, as the head of-tho
Judiciary Committee, to answer me this ques- >
tion: after the law is made, after the facts are
found in the law, and after the instructions are
given to carry out that law, by what authority or
light does the Attorney General presume to de-
cide that the facts are not as found by the law?
I also want the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to answer me this question: when his com-
mittee of nine members of this House has delib-
erately reported, in the second clause of their
finding, that the contract was abrogated, by what
right a single opinion of the Attorney General is
now quoted as authority against that committee?
All I want is the reference and examination of
this matter.
Mr. HQUSTON. The gentleman wholly mis-
takes my position and the point I make. In what
I said in my reference to the opinion of the At-
torney General, I was simply presenting to this
House the issue heretofore in this controversy,
and I intended to show the issue that is now pre-
sented.
When interrupted by the gentleman from Ohio,
I was referring to the action of the Judiciary
Committee of the last session. I do not under-
stand that that action has anything to do with
the question now before the iiouse. It seems
that the committee were called 011 for an expres-
sion of their opinion; and in accordance with that
call, they expressed an opinion. They were not
called on to report a bill. They did not ask the
House to pass a hill. Thecommittee simply gave
an opinion by its majoiity, as a mere opinion;
and therefore the comments of the gentlemen upon
the action of the comir.ittee have no application
to the present question; for it seems the Comp-
troller has rendeicd his judgment and executed
the laws as he understands his duty under it.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
another question. I understand him to say that
the report of the committee was merely the ex-
pression of the opinion of the majority; I wish to
ask if there was a minority report?
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, that is a very
unimportant question,and I am astonished that it
should have been propounded; because the gen-
tleman knows very well that minority reports of
committees are very seldom made—not made m
one case in fifty, or one 111 a hundred cases, in-
volving questions wholly unimportant and 1m-
matenal, as the report of the committee was in
this case. Here was a report of a committee, in-
volving only a mere expression of opinion, maoe
in the closing hours of a session of Congress; and
it is not to be wondered at that no minority report
was presented.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the injury of which
! the gentleman now complains r I understand from
i the papers which have been read from the Clerk's
1 desk, that a decision has been made by the First
' Comptroller. I do not know the character of the
decision, nor do I care what his decision may be.
He is an officer, as the gentleman contends, and as
Carmick& Ramsey contend, whose decision upon
' this case is final. There is no appeal from U.
