1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
not vote upon this bill? Sir, we are not ready to
vote upon this bill.
Mr. BROWN. When will ynu be ready ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is more than I am
able to say. I am ready to vote upon it as soon
as my friends hove finished wha? ihey want to
say un it. I do riot think I shall desire to say any-
thing upon it, unless it is in the way of <x running
fight, just as we are going on now.
Mr. IVERSON. Why cannot your friends go
on, and make their speeches?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the Sen-
ator, because this is a very agreeable kind of
conversation. You see it occupies time. Ques-
tions come along 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator from Maine, and also the Senator
from Geoigia, to address the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very happy to ad-
dress my conversation to the Chair, for I am al-
ways .sure of a patient and attentive listening.
Sometimes I do not find that on the right and loft
side of me. I was saying, sir, that the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi is delusive.
He asks us to vote upon this question now. We
are not ready to vote upon it. We havo not ar-
rived at a period when we can vote upon it. Why,
then, not discuss it now? I say for the reason
that we have been discussing that question since
twelve o'clock this morning, and gentlemen can-
not be expected to bo able at this period of the
session, and at this time, under these circum-
stances, to £0 011 with labored speeches on this
question. That is the reason why we did not go
on. What was the result? Why not vote, say
they? Take a vote on this question, and then
Senators say they will vote to take up the other;
and then they say to us, why interpose the home-
stead hill at a pei lod of the session u hen we have
tlie business of tiie country to do, ,iud the appro-
priation lulls to pass; why put thin in here when
wo have got ns much to do a* we can m order to
get through ? The burden mighi he upon us, then
It is upon you now; and if you choose to put this
question here at this period of the session, and
the result is what, we ail anticipate, I say, as I
said before, the burden is not upon us, but upon
you; and we do not ehoos" to have it thrown
upon us hy hiysnir one aside, and interposing the
othei. -Vt Jea.si 1 do not, for one.
Seveial Sr.Nvrous additssed the Chnir.
Th'' VIC 111 PI! Esi DENT. The Senator from
WhTiiiMii IS enhfji d to the/lour. He yielded to
tly,1 Senator t'lom Maine.
Mr DOOUTTLE. Air. President •
Mr. JO! INSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion ot otder. 1 trust th<L.Senator will appreciate
the forbearance that, bus led me to withhold that
■point of order so long, it is tlmt it is not in order
10 discuss the merits of a question on a motion to
tuk<- it up; and 1 .shall now appeal fiom the de-
cision ot the Chair. As that decision stands here
now, 1 believe 1 have tin: light to appeal. Pre-
vious to that, I will read a portion of the sixth
rule, winch _LM>es on to say, i4 Kvmy question of
onh r shall he derided by the President, without
debate, subject to an appeal to the Senate." It
nko siatfs that the Pr< sidciit may call foi the
sense of the Semite on any question of order, if
he may rhooso to do so, leaving it optional with
the Chan 10 tak * eithei eouise. h m nothing
but th'- highest, respect for the Chair that this
rncvemeii' is made upon my pru t m regard to the
point of ordi-r. I then make the point that it is
not inoidi'i to discuss the mentsof a question on
amotion to take it up, since there is no end to
th'1 discussion, as we have ah^ady seen.
Mr. IXfoLJTTLE. Mr. Viesident 
The VIGt: i'llESlDKNT. The Chair will
state to the Senator fiom Wisconsin, that the
point of order must be decided by the Chair with-
out debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not yet said any-
thing.
Air. HROWN. Wo do not want you to say
anything.
'Die VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin addiesses the Chair. The Chair will
lieu 1 what In has to say.
_ Air. DOOUTI LE. Mr. President, do I un-
derMand the honorable Senator from A rkamas to
ryii-e ins point of oider iiuw?
Mi. JOHNSON, of Ai k.msas. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does The
Senator from Arkansas raises a point of order
that the merits of this proposition cannot be dis-
cussed upon a motion to take it up. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Arkansas that the
Senator from Wisconsin has not commenced dis-
cussion upon the merits of the proposition, and
therefore there is nothing for him to decide.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, on the
point of order, I desire to sav  
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. On the point
of order I presume I s.hall be allowed to appeal.
I have a right to appeal from the decision which
has been given by the Chair, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
take his appeal as soon as the discussion com-
mences; but the Chair does not think it in order
at this time to take an appeal from a former de-
cision Ion®: past.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, let the
Senator begin, and then I will make the point of
' order.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the hon-
I orable Senator from New York, in the course of
| his remarks, said that he thought 1 had acted un-
! wisely this morning when I yielded the floor for
.! the purpose of allowing the vote to be taken on
j! the post route bill, and that remark of the hon-
! orable Senator from New York makes it neces-
1 sary for me to say a single word by way of per-
i sonal explanation. The circumstances under
I which we adjourned lost night, at about eleven
o'clock, were such, and the conversation among
Senatois was such, that I, for one, felt bound in
honor not to obstruct the proceedings of the Sen-
ate when the hour should arrive to take up the
special oider, and to take a vote upon that bill.
1 therefoie fdt bound in honor at that hour to yield
the floor. Thepiesent occupant of the chair was
not tin n in the chair. It was occupied by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,]
and 3 yielded with the understanding, or at all
events reserving to myself the understanding, that
) would take the floor immediately after the vote
had beon taken on that bill; but in the mean time
the Senator from Vermont had left the chair; the
present occupant was in the chair, and although
] rose, as I supposed, with others upon the floor,
without any knowledge of the present occupant
of the chair of this undeistandint, the floor was
assign! d to t he honorable Senator from Louisiana,
(Mr. Sjjoem.,] which gave him the preference.
1 beg to say to those honorable Senatois who
have appealed to me, as a matter of courtesy, and
why 1 ought now to withdraw this motion, that
what transpired this morning, what has now oc-
curred in the Senate, makes it incumbent upon
me todeclme to yield to their request. In declin-
ing so to do, I wish distinctly to have it under-
stood that. I do not question at ali the sincerity
of the honorable Senator ftom Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] as a friend of the homestead bill, nor
do I question the sincerity of the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Minnesota, [Mr. Rick.] who also made
the same appeal: hut I feel compelled, under the
cii cumstances of the case, to insi&t upon the mo-
tion; and I will slate the leason.
Tins homestead bill js a practical measure now
pending before Congress, which can be acted upon
and decided. It has been discussed mvanous
forms for fifteen years, and it is not necessary that
any time should be taken up in its discussion now.
It has passed the Housi *, and, if we are willing
to art upon it now, it can pass the Senate, and it
can become a law; whereas tins other proposition
with which it is antagonized is not a practical
measure of legislation before the present Con-
gress, as I understand it.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise now to
the point of order. The Senator is now certainly
discussing the i#ents of the question. The fact
that it has been discussed fifteen years constitutes
one of its principal merits. 1 tberefnie raise the
question that it is not in ordet to enter into that
discussion upon a motion to take up this bill. 1
shall ask the Chnir to decide it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The S-matorfiom
Arkansas raises a point of order tint tl"> Senator
from Wisconsin is not in oider. For the reasons
given by the Chair just bej'oie, he does not sus-
tain the point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of ArKnnsm. Then I appeal
from that decision, ami ask the tense of the Sen-
ate upon it.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. Before the appeal is made,
I think it proper for the honorable Senator from
Arkansas to reduce his point of order to wiiung,
that the Senate may know the words made use of
out of order. I do not think 1 have discussed the
merits of the proposition.
Mt.IVERSON. The rule does not require
that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is reduced
to writing.
Mr. IVERSON. The rule is, that when a Sen-
ator is called to order for offensive words, the of-
fensive words must be taken down.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would sug-
gest now, in support of the appeal which I feel
bound to take, that there has b^en a practice un-
doubtedly heretofore—we all know and acknowl-
edge it—to permit the very widest range of dis-
cussion. This has been the case in days past,
when it was seen that this body was more capa-
ble of controlling its own action than it appears
to be at the present day. It is necessary, and ev-
ery day proves it to ourselves, to begin to draw
more tightly the acknowledged and recognized
parliamentary rules, to enable a body that has in-
creased almost each successive Congress in its
numbers, to assume an effective character and to
carry out its own object. If we shall continue
this course, of debating the merits of a question
on a motion to take it up, I call the attention of
Senators to the fact, and 1 believe they will rec-
ognize it, it will not be a great length of time be-
fore the previous question will be established here,
by which the majority will cut olf the minority
whenever they please, and will arrest that free-
dom of discussion which each side, under the
present rules and at the piesent time, with ic-fer-
cnce to the rules, is disposed to concede to the
opposite side.
Now, sir, under these circumstances, I only
ask that we shall assume and accept the 01 dmary
parliamentary rules that exist, with a view to at-
tain, if possible, some results upon all the propo-
sitions that may be had here. If a practice has
existed heretofore, as the Chair has asserted, as
I do not doubt, which is vicious in its character,
and which, I think, is self-evident to-night, is be-
ing misused, or rather is being abused, it seems
to me it is time the voice of the Senate should de-
clare at once the true parliamentary rule, arid by
that decimation enable the Chair to enforcc it;
who now gives, as his only reason for not en-
forcing it, the fact that the practice has heretofore
prevailed in the Senate. Under these circum-
stances, I trust that the majority will enable the
Chatr to enforce the rule—a rule which is parlia-
mentary in itself, and which has existed m all de-
liberative bodies, at least m those that have been
most eminent elsewhere and heretofore. I there-
fore now present the appeal, and ask that the
Senate will sustain it, to enable the Chair to en-
foicc some restriction upon this wide range of
debate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am very sorry that this
appeal has been taken from the decision of the
Chair. There has been one decision of the Chair
to-night that debate was out of order, and that
was while the Senators upon tins side weie ad-
dressing the Senate. It was not moie than a min-
ute before the discussion on the other side of the
Chamber commenced,and continued for perhaps
halt an hour, when some one on this side got up
to reply, and the question of order was made
against him, and it was decided by the piesent
occupant of the chair that the Senator was in
order. No appeal was taken from it until some-
time subsequent, when ther-e was another point
of ouleu made, with the request that the Presiding
Officer would present that question to the Senate,
vei y much as it is now sought to be presented by
an appeal from the decision of the Cinur.
I dislike anything like a consumption of time in
useless debate; but if Senators on tne other side
of the Chamber, ond particularly the Senator who
now, in perfect good faith, makes this appeal from
t'>e decision of the Chair, wish not to consume
the time of the Senate in such debate as this, 1
will suggest one method that will relieve these
ficquentappeals.and relieve tins threatened_ruleof
the pieviou.-: question being applied to the Senate;
and that is, not to make rules ol order 111 caucus
for the Senate, and not to agree, before they come
into the Senate, that they will prescribe this and
that rule foi the whole body of tin Senate. It is
