1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
The message farther announced that the House
had passed bills of the Senate (No. ]9S) for the
relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long-, nrid
(No. (58) for the relief of Elios Hall,, of Ver-
mont, wuh an amendment in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the credentials of
Hon. Henry B. Anthony, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations, for the term of six years, from and
after the 4th day of March, 1859; which were read
and ordered to be filed.
NOTICE OF A BILL-
Mr. RICE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the President,
with the consent of &ny Indian tribe, to expend
their money annuities for educational, agricultu-
ral, and other objects necessary to their advance-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 495)
for the relief of James Albeitson; winch was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee j
on Pensions.
Mr. IVER.SON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked, and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 496") to abolish the flanking privilege of
members of Congress, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its tide, and refeirud to
the Committee on the PostOiTice and Post Roads
Mr. SL1DELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
497) making appropriations to facilitate the ac-
quisition of the Island of Cuba by negotiation;
which was read twice by its title, and rcfened to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leavp to introduce a bill (S. No. 498) for
the relief of the city of Omaha, in the Territory
of Nebraska; which was read twice by Us title, i
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to liitioduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 68) for supfffying the Choctaw
Nation with such copies of the laws, journals,
and public piinted documents as are furnished to
the States and Territories; winch was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 494) to secure title to the settlcis upon the
Kansas hall'-biei d tract, and for other purpose's,
reported it with.,ut amendment, and adversely.
Mr. FOSTER, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was icferved the bill (I-I. R. No.
341) for the relief of John Harris, of Warren
County, Kentucky, reported it without amend-
ment and adveisely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Hester Stoil, widow
of Urban Stoli, late a soldier m th; Army, pray-
ing a pension, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was reff rred the petition of Nancy Read, widow
of L(vi IleuJ, deceased, n revolutionary soldier,
praying to be allowed a pension, leported ad-
versely thereon
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Radford, Cabot &. Co., praying indemnity for
losses sustained in consequence of orders ol Col-
onel Johnston, coiiiuicHid'-r of the Dinted States
troops sent to Utah, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. HUVriill, fiom the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom Mas referred the bill ( K. R. No.
CG3) making appropriations for the suppcit of the
Militai v Academy lor the year embus; the 30th
of June', 1860, iepnrted.it without amendment.
PRIVATE BILL DAYS.
Mr. BIGLER. I submit the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration;
Rcolvci, That for l!ie le^du'l of the urgent -e^ion. Hi-
iitul ^.tfuiddv of UcK'h \\ cck. ;iif* r ill*" fvpnati >n of otic
linur lioiri the tune of mooting <>t tit'"1 nate. shall lie set
apn.it for the consideration oi private bills, in tUe order in
winch tlicy stand upon tlie G&Jendar.
Mr. HUNTER. Docs the Senator propose to
set aside two days for private bills r I am willing
to give them one, but not two.
JVIr. CLAY. I object to the consideration of
the resolution, if that will carry it over.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. The objection will
be considered in time, and the resolution will lie
over under the rule. 4
ADMISSION ON THE FLOOR.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, to whom was referred a resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Jvcr.son', on the 5th January, relative
to the admission of persons to the Senate Cham-
ber, reported the following resolution:
Rc^oli ed. That the following he MilKtitutrrl for the 48th
rule of the Senate :
48. No per-on shall be admitted to the fioorof the Fen-
at« while in p.\'c<Jpf :>•? follow-. namely : The otficcis
of the Senate ; memhei^ of the Hotw of lloptetentame4.
paid then Cleik ; the President of the United States, arid Iih
Private ^eciet.uj ; the head?. of' pyp-irrnent*: foieicii nmi-
and then t-rrreMii.'s nt legation; ex-Scuatois, and
jndsis ol the Supreme
The ofiieei in cha ize of the 0-ipitol extension during the
and until the c-.i'tpli-tir.-n of the work, shall be ani-
mated to the floor ot tlx-' Senate.
The dciic* of the connii:H',e.- of the Senate, may be ad-
mitted to the f.ooi of the S<'!>a*e. tor the paiiu'iilar ocea-
sion. upon a special order S'gncd by the chamnau of the
cointnittee.
| He also, from the sam° committee, who were
j directed by a resolution of the Sonne of February
! 10, 1858, to constderand report a plan for thead- j
j mission and accommodation of reporters in the i
! gallery of the Senate, reported the following res- j
' olutions: j
i Required, That the fiont at of thn icpoiters {ralleiy ahall ;
! be a^M^iied ti the ivp'vo'i - < ; mo (J1o!k'. :
Rcsoh.eJ, That theotiiei s-cut hi th'Mepoitei'- call en he j
: unmix fed a- dneeled hv 'nc Pi c^nhn^ Other; of tin- Scn.it'', |
j who. ut the comuienr.'isie.it of catii nu.y a^ign |
1 one s-eat to each newspaper in ti.e citv of W'.i-lnnsion and :
! to such olhei daily new :-;u;<er'M-ew h<'n> a-n-a\ appS v theie- \
Joi; hut if anv Mich pao'r-^ have nioiethan out; lopoitei, |
thi-v uiiiv aiic naif, oceupj nig only the one seat a&t-urncil to ;
such neu'-pap'u ;
Seats in the lepoiter*-' eal!ci\. however, shall nut b^ a.s- I
siL'ued to any pt-r^Oit unlc^ tin; I'rt Ofijeei '•hall h" i
san-iied that .=ueh person ^ hr.nrt fide a ! epoifer of the pai- !
! tictilar paper, hv who.se editor o, editor* he huall beeoitilied I
i to he mi employed. j
Re-ot' cd, That ihe Pre-nhns Officer he amhoriz-'d to j
i make, fiom tune to time. Mien imth^i i^gulatiojis5 in regaid j
: hereto a« maj be deemed proper by him. 1
! The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator j
, ask for the consideration of these resolutions
1 now? ' i
; Mr. PEARCE. I do not ask for their present |
i consideration; but if the Senate arc disposed to do :
! so, perhaps it would be advisable to settle these
i questions at once.
I Objection being made, the report was not con-
| sidcred.
j REFERENCE OF A RESOLUTION.
| Mr. FOOT. A joint resolution (S. No. 62) ex-
planatory of iin act, approved March 3, ie55,en-
■ titled '* An act in addition to certain arts granting;
' bounty land to certain officers and soidieis who
i have been engaged in the military service of the .
| United States," was reported back adversely the j
| other day from the Committee on Public L^nds
! I desire to take it up with a view to move its ref- i
i eience to the Committee on the Judiciary. It m- ,
' volves a legal question as to the constiaction of ■
the provisions of that act, rfftd it seems to come
, within the jurisdiction of that committee. I have
■ contcrred with the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, who concurs with me m the pro-
perty of that lofenmce.
Tlit joint resolution was taken up,and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
!
: Mr. MALLORY. 1 a^k the Senate, >n pursu-
ance of tlie notice I ffavp on Thursday last, to
' take up Senate lull No, 373. It is not my dispo-
sition to intetfeiv Witi) tho business bt tore the
Sinate: but I wuh the Senate to understand that
I am disposed to press this hid on its attention at
! the enrhf^f possible moment. If they wiU indulge
me now, £ suppose it will not take more than
half an hour to dispose of u.
Tiit: VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
!, the motion of the Senator fiom Flouda to take up
i1 the bill (S. No. 373) to provide for cr<rryim; into
II effect the ninth article of the treaty between the
i' Unil.'d Starts and Spain.
ji Mv, HUNTER. I ask if that is ihe bill in rc-
i Iation to the Florida claims.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Virginia
may not have been present, a few days ago, when
I gave this notice. I gave it for the purpose of
having gentlemen refer to the repoitof the Com-
mittee on Claims in the case; and if the motion
does not prevail now, I trust Senators will avail
themselves of the opportunity of reading- the re-
port from the Committee mi Claims (No. 258.) It
is the bill to carry into effect the ninth article of *
the treaty of 1819 between Spain and the United
States, and does provide for the payment of the
Florida interest claims. That is the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious this bill will give
rise to a good deal of discussion. It has always
been a disputed subject, and I hope it will not be
pi cased now. I hope the Senate will not take it
up, because, whenever it is takfen up, u ought to
be debated and examined. It involves a gootl deal
of money and questions that ought to be carefully
examined and considered befoie we commit our-
selves to any such pnnoiplc as is contemplated by
the bill, as I understand it. It is only fiom ray
rccolicction of past debates that I speak of it. I
ti ust it will not be taken up, but that the Senator
will give us more tune to examine u. 1 trust the
Sjtictior will not press it now, and, if he does, I
hope the Senate will not agree to take it up.
Mr. MALLORY". A single word in reply. It
is not my purpose to be netnnacious m insisting
on this bill to the exclusion of mattprs now before
the Senate; but we have not hurried the Senate on
tiiis question. The bill is to carry out tlie pro-
visions of the treaty with Spain; it is to fulfill the
expectations of iluu Government, nnd to pay the
just claims of her citizens. They have been at
the doorsol Congress for over twenty years with
this chum founded, as 1 conceive, in justice. If
the Senate will agree to take it up on any day
within a reasonable time, so as to afford a pros-
pect ofits passage, I shall not be pertinacious now;
hut I ask for the voice of the Semite, without the
yeas and nays, to see what is their disposition.
M r. HAMLIN. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the bill which the Senator from Florida
desires to take up at this time is not a private
bill r-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not consider the decision of that question import-
ant, us the motion is in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. It may not be important in
relation to the motion that is made; but I regard
it as important to the Senate. We have a Cal-
endar bene of over one hundred puvate claims,
and I know of no £ood reason why this bill should
have preccdence of all other bills which have
merits eqiu l to those of the bill which the Senator
from Florida moves to take up.
Mr. MALLORY. Tlie Senator will see that
it is not a puvate bill, but to fulfill the stipulations
of a treat v.
Air. HAMLIN. There are other bills on the
Caiendamf apiecisiely similar character, to carry
out the piovisjons of treaties. That, neverthe-
less, does not relieve it from the objection I make,
that it is a private claim. Now, sir, look at your
Calendar. I do not design to give any opinion,
ai this time, as to what shall be the vote I shall
£i \ e when this bill shall come before me fur action;
but i do moan lo say that there is injustice done
to evt.-ry other private claim upon the Calendar,
when you wiest tins bill from us position and
make it a tpecial oider. Even if I were in favor
of the rlaim, 1 should vo:e aonutsf making it a
spocial order, in the hone, at least, that we should
have the vote of the Sen-ate to keep us to the Pri-
vate Calendar m its order, and that we should
' have the stimulus of that vote to induce theSen-
■ ate to lake up the Calendar in its order, and to
■ lender justice to others as well as to the State of
Florida. 1 take it this is a consideration which
ou ht tii operate on > he Senate, and that wc ou^n t
■ not to take up one private ciami and giv*'* it pre-
■ cede.nee over allofheis. I say this without regard
to the amount that may be involved, and witliout
expressing any opinion upon its tn< ins. 1 think
the principle itself is wrong-, and I hope the mo-
tion will not be agreed to.
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only wish to remind
! the Senate that in the mornmg business of the
previous day's session; the French spoliation bill
was undei consideration. I hope a will not be
! displaced by another claim. Theie is a member
1 of (he Senate who was speaking on the subject,
| and we adjourned that measure because of his in-
