1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
that practice which produces the inequality in j
tin' Senate that is felt to be grinding upon the |
minonty. i
Mow, I do not believe that there would he any ,
feeling manifested in this debate, if the honorable :
Senator from Georgia had been present when the |
Senator from Ohio rose and addressed the Chair :
upon die pending question—the Cuba bill. He
said that he had been here ten hours; that he was
exhausted, and did not like to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate to-night; that if there were
other Senators, who wished to do so, he was wilt-
ing to stay and listen; but he was not able, nor
did he think it proper, to go on to-night. It was
known these three or four days that he intended
to address the Senate upon this question; and after
he made that suggestion, a motion was made to
take up the very measure that was postponed by
the mere accident of the Vice President not being
in the chair this morning when the Senator from
Wisconsin gave way to take the vote upon the
Post Office bill. It not being known to the Pre-
siding Officer that he had given way, for the pur-
pose of allowing the vote to be taken on that bill,
th e Senatorfrom Louisiana [Mr. Slioell] was rec-
ognized. The Senator from Wisconsin rose at the
same time, for the purpose of taking up the home-
stead bill, a^I have been told. He did not make
the motion. The Senator from Louisiana caught
the eye of the Chair, and brought up this Cuba
bill in preference to the homestead bill; and we
have been occupied nine or ten, and I do not know
but eleven hours, upon it. I believe it was taken
up at twelve o'clock, and ha3 been debated all
day.
When Senators had exhausted themselves and
were unwilling to go on further with this Import-
ant debate, we have proposed to take up a ques-
tion which cannot elicit debate, in order to save
time. Then there was a debate about making j
propositions and receiving propositions. It was
suggested upon the other side, if the Senator j
would give way and let the debate go on and be |
finished now, to-morrow theland bill should come i
up. It was thought doubtful, as that land bill had !
been postponed under the pressure of the appro- I
prihtinn bills, and an appeal was made to the I
chairman of the Committee on Finance, whether ■
he would agree to that; and he said, no, he would !
interpose the appropriation bill at any time he J
could get the chance; so that no understanding j
could be had. When a measure that commands jj
a majority of the votes of the Senate, and most M
of that majority happens to be on this side of the ij
Chamber,'these appropriation bills are interposed. :
They postpone t-verytIn ng except mere party ques- !
tions. I appealed to the chairman of the finance
Committee three weeks ago, to know what change
hud taken place m his mind, that he would con- :
sent to postpone the appropriation bill in order to
Jet this Cuba question come up; and yet, when ,i
any other question is brought up, he insists on his .
peculiar privilege of having theappropnation bills j
first considered. That is nearly a month ago;and I,
every time this Cuba bill has been sought to be j|
made the subject of discussion, other business |j
has been yielded, and all the appropriation bills, i
except, I think, upon one occasion. I believe once '
an appropriation bill did get the preference upon ||
a vote, over that subject. !
It is certainly, very late in the session; but after ;
we have devoted ten hours to the consideration i
of that question, and four or five speeches are to I;
be made upon it—I do not know whether there j!
are as many as four or five upon the merits' o; the
bill—one Senator rose to address the Chair, and^!,
said that it was too late to go on to-night; but it j
some one else was ready to go on, he would stay :
and listen. This question of the land bill fs then ^
brought up as a mere saving of time. Senators
have taken an hour and a half, and Idonotknow !,
but two hours, in discussing ir, rather than per-
mit that question to come up, which would not .
be debated, perhaps, half an hour when taken up. p
Now, 1 appeal to Senators if tins does not look j,
like a determination, upon the part of the oppo- i :
nenls ot that bill, who have maintained a major- ,
ity two or three times, to put that behind all other !;
measures, and first, behind this measure, which 1
1 consider, without disrespect, to be 
Mr. PUGrH. I should like to know whether
delate, is in order on an appeal from a decision of
the Chair? if so, I think we had better withdraw
the appeal. 1 see nothing to be gained by it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am going to show, Mr.
President, if I possibly can, the order in which
business is presented to the Senate, and the pro-
priety of taking up this bill in preference to the
other, at this stage of the discussion. There is
nothing that can be more pertinent or clear than
the decision which the Chair made this evening
about these points of order. He decided, three
times, that Senators were in order who were
speaking on the propriety of taking up one bill in
preference to another. An appeal being made to
him to present the question to the Senate, he de-
clined, and very properly declined so to do. I
think the decision strictly in order, according to
the whole usage of the Senate ever since I have
known the. Senate. I never knew a question
whether one bill should be preferred to another
being raised in the Senate, but what the reasons
for the preference were allowed to be assigned. Is
there no reason to be offered why we should post-
pone one measure to take up another, oris the Sen-
ate to act blindly upon everything which has not
been caucused into priority ? That is the question
I put—that this is legitimate for the consideration
of the Senate. The very suggestion made as to
the importance of one measure over another, why
one measure is not likely to be passed by Con-
gress, and another one is, and we can consum-
mate legislation upon it if it should be taken up at
this late hour, is pertinent on this very discussion.
It relates distinctly to the merits of the proposition
of taking up one and postponing another measure.
So far as the discussion has taken a personal turn,
I have nothing to say. I do not mean to say that
we should distribute the lands. That is not the
question at all before the Senate. The question
is on the propriety of taking up one m preference
to the other. A man may prefer to take up the
land bill, although he is going to vote against its
passage, in order that we may dispose of it and
settle it. I have said nothing about«nvhich of the
two I prefer; but I say it is perfectly peitinent and
proper in the Senate for any Senator to address
the Chair upon that subject.
Mr. BICLER. I wish to say only one word.
I am very apprehensive that tins proposition of
the Senatorfrom Arkansas will not answer the
purpose designed. It is very evident that a ma-
jority of this body are m favor of the passage of
the Cuban bill. It is equally evident that the mi-
nority, if they are determined to do it, can talk
the time away. They claim to have a majonty
m favor of the homestead bill. That may or may
not be so. But it is equally evident that the op-
ponents of that bill can talk it away and defeat
it. Now, I am, for one, willing that the sense
of this body shall bo had on both propositions;
and I therefore madea suggestion lhaton the other
side they name any hour between this and mid-
n-igli t to-morro.w night, in which we shall vote on
both propositions. There can be from that po-
sition no escape. There would be no opportunity
to debate it, or talk the time away. If the Senator
from Wisconsin is exceedingly anxious to have
a vote on the homestead bill, that would be a fair
proposition for him; and I have good reason to
behove, on this side there would be a disposition
to accept such an understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas raises a pointof order, that the Senator
from Wisconsin was not in order, on the ground
that he was discussing the merits of the proposi-
tion. The Chair does not sustain the point of
order made by the Senator from Arkansas, und
he appeals from that decision.
Mr. SMITH. I move to lay the motion of
the Senator from Aikansas upon the tabic. [" Oh,
i.o !"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and navs on that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What wiiig^e the effect of
that motion if adopted ? Would that be a decision
of the point of order, and authorize gentlemen to
proceed; or would it be simply placing it where
it may be token up for discussion hereafter ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will only be lay -
ins* it on the ta'.lj to be 'aken up again. *
Ml. CLINGMAX. Then I thmk we might as
v/eli decide H now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to lay
the ;u>peal f:om the dt'essiOf) ot the Ciu'ir upon
ihe table.
Mr. SMITH. At the suggestion of the gentle-
men around me, I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the decision of th,e Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is brought in at a
stage when the question raised, it seems to me,
does not raise the point which the Senator from
Arkansas desires to raise. The Senator from
Wisconsin was not discussing the subject-matter
of this bill, as 1 understood him. He was con-
fining himself, perhaps not so closely as possible,
but certainly very closely, to the question of the
propriety of taking up the homestead bill. He
was not going into a general discussion, as had,
been done by others, and it seems to me that the*
question is not fairly raised by the Senator from-
Arkansas. Other parties did discuss the whole
subject of these propositions; but the Senator
from Wisconsin 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
will allow me on that subject to state that it was
at once for the Chair to determine whether the
point was well .taken. The Chair considered it
not well taken; consequently he overruled the
point of order, not with reference to the question
as to whether the Senator was discussing the mer-
its of the question, but with reference to the va-
lidity of the point which I presented. Now, un-
der these circumstances, the Chair acted upon the
point which the Senator from Illinois now pre-
sents; but Isubnutthat the shortest and best way
of getting clear of it is to take a vote upon it.
Mr. THUMBULL. It seems tome rather un-
fair to make the Senator from Wisconsin respons-
ible for the speeches that other parties made
upon the subject-matter of the question about
which this priority question has arisen; for really
if this rule were adopted, if it were a rule of the
| Senate that on a motion to postpone one subject
i to take up another, general discussion should not
1 be allowed, I do not think the Chair would have
ruled the Senator from Wisconsin out of order.
I may bo wrong in that. If I am, then there is
! no point in my remarks; but it seems to me the
l Senator from Wisconsin would have been in order,
' even if a different rule had been adopted.
[ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
! suggest to the Senator from Illinois, to dispose of
i the'point of order, that it was the opinion of the
i Cnn'ir that the course of remark of the Senator
! from Wisconsin was rather to the merits of the
proposition, and beyond the mere suggestion in
regard to the order of business. The Senator
from Arkansas appeals from the decision of the
Chair; and the question is on that appeal.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise only to occupy a
few minutes with this question. Suppose we
adopt the rule, that the merits of a question are
not to be discussed upon a motion to take it up:
still there comes to be some little difficulty in ap-
plying tlip rule practically. Now, 1 take it, the
rule would be this; if the Senator is using a train
of argument calculated to induce a man to vote a
particular way oil the bill when it is up, if it were
up, he is arguing the merits of the case. I will
state that point again, sir. If he use such sort of
reasoning, such a course of argumentation, as
would be adapted to induce us to vote for his bill
if it were before us, then he is entering into the
merits of the bill; but, so long as he is using ar-
guments which are tending to show that we ought
now to take it up, he is not arguing the merits of
the question at all.
Now, Mr. President, when the question arises
whether we shall continue to consider one partic-
ular topic, by proposing to take up another one,
the relative importance of those two topics, and
especially their importance at the present moment,
must certainly be legitimate to the qiftscion of
whether you will take it up. For instance: whet:
the Senator from Wisconsin was arguing here
that the homestead bill was a bill which had al-
' ready passed the other branch of Congress, and
which, if acted upon here, would be dehuuive in
relation to the bill itself, and operative m its eOeet,
certainly it was not an argument tending to con-
vince a man to vote for that bill it it were up. It
is only an argument tending to show why we
should take it up, and give preference to it over
one that is pending. I understand that to be the
order of argument used. So, too, of the relative
importance, at the present moment, of the two
measures. It is certanfly very important to the
consideration of which you would prefer first to
consider. But, then, even when you come to
