1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
that, there is some difficulty in the practical ap-
plication of it; but I can hardly see how a gen-
tleman can furnish an argument more legitimate
to the question of taking up a bill, than to com-
pare its relative importance with the one to which
it is proposed to give place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
hear a single suggestion from the Chair upon the
point of order? There seems to be no distinc-
tion, no difference, no alternative between unlim-
ited debate and no debate, upon a motion in refer-
ence to an order of business; and if the appeal of
the Senator from Arkansas is sustained, the Chair
will consider it an instruction from the Senate to
confine remarks upon the order of business within
the narrowest possible compass.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, as the ap-
peal is taken from the decision of the Chair, by
the honorable Senator from Arkansas, to the Sen-
ate, it would be very important to members of the
Senate to know what I did say in order to determ-
ine thequestion whether I was or was not in order.
As I can hardly have hoped to have arrested the
attention of all the Senatois, perhaps it is just to
them and better for deciding this question, that I
should substantially repeat what 1 did say.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. 1 beg to sug-
gest again that another point of order intervenes
just at this place. I did not interrupt the Senator
from Vermont with it, as I saw he had very nearly
finished his remarks; but that point is, that it is
not in order, unquestionably, to debate whether
another Senator was in or out of order afu-T the
Chair has already given a decision, and an appeal
has been taken fiom that decision. Now, whether
the first Senator that was called to order was in
or out of order, is matter immaterial, when the
Chair has given a decision and an appeal has
been taken from if.. There can be but one sub-
ject-matter of discussion; not whether the first
Senator called to order was in order or was out
of order; but the one subject under discussion is
upon the appeal as to whether it is a proper de-
cision on the part of the Chair or not; and that
is the altitude m which it stands. Now, that the
Senator fiom Vermont should have suffered so
plain a point as that to escape his attention, with
his acknowledged astuteness, is to me matter of
surprise. That the Senator from Wisconsin ac-
cepted the example furnished him from one some-
what distinguish d m this body as a debater and
parliamentarian, cannot at all surprise me. since
ho makes no moie pretension in the body, \ be-
lieve, than I do myself, and that is vejy little.
Now, I do object to the considei at ion of the ques-
tion us to what was s lid by the Senator fnst called
to oider, for it is a total departure from that dis-
cussion which is authorized in the rule, to wit,
the discussion of the merits of the decision of the
Chair, upon which an appeal is now taken.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. IVIr. Ihesident, if 1 could
have hoped that every Senator now called upon
to decide upon my case, whether 1 am in order or
out of order, had heard what I did say, I should
at once be willing to allow this question to pass.
The Chair has decided in my favor under Uie
former rules and practice of the Senate. An ap-
peal is now made to the body, and they certainl v
ought to understand the facts befoie they decide
the case, whether it shall he decided for or «v>amst
me, in order to know whether 1 was discussing
the merits of the question or not. If the honor-
able Senator calls me to order, and does not pro-
duce the words whieh I used out of order, so that
the Senate can judge, it is nc cessai y that they
should be given in some way to the Senate when
they are called upon to vote. I do not wish to
repeat wirat I said by way of pi rsonal explana-
tion, because i do nut understand the point of
order so made upon them; but 1 will simply srafe,
in a vet y few wonlh, what i said in relation to the
two bilh\
I said this: that, as that homestead bill had
passed the House, it was now belore the Senate;
and if we act upon that, it will pass into a law
and become a practical moasui e. 1 said, fat ther,
that the measure had been discussed for fifteen
yeais, and the judgment of m ei v Smiatui made
up on the question, and we ap- i\ady to vote upon
it. I said further, that m relation to tins Cuba
bill which has been brought ituo the Senate, end
is now pending here at tks late s^age of the ses-
sion, there cannot be any respectable hope enter-
tain. d by the friends of that bill that it can pass
the House of Representatives. It is, therefore,
not a practical question of legislation for the pres-
ent session of Congress; and therefore' I say that
I prefer practical legislation of Congress to that
which is impracticable at the present stage of the
session. I prefer that which can pass into a law,
in preference 
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his point of order.
Mr. SMITH. Itis this: that the Senator from
Wisconsin is repeating what he said. The Sena-
tor from Arkansas raises a question of order upon
what the Senator had uttered before. lie is con-
suming the time of the Senate in repeating it. It
occurs to me that this is out of order, for it is a
consumption of time in relation to the matter upon
which the Senator prefers his appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair states
that this is a question upon an appeal; that de-
bate has never been restricted upon it, and it is
not out of order to consume time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. POLK. Let me appeal to the Senator from
Wisconsin. We recollect what he said, and do
not want it repeated over again; at least I, for one,
do not; and I do not suppose there is a Senator
on the floor who wants to hear it repeated over
again. We all recollect what it was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask my friend from
Missouri, if he recollects what I said when I ad-
dressed the Chair the last time, or whether he
bears in mind what 1 said when this question was
first brought in ?
Mr. POLK. I do not mind what he said when
he first brought it up.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to say a single
word, for I know the Senate is impatient. Mr.
President, I do not wish to be adjudged altogether,
on this question of order, by what I said when
the question was first brought up; but I wish to
have my case adjudged by what I said in the few
remarks I had submitted when the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas raised the point of order upon
me.
Mr. POLK. That is the time to which I had
reference,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was a difference
between what I said on the first occasion and
what I state now. I may, on the first occasion,
j Mr. President, have been led to follow the exam-
! pies which had been set me ever since I have been
; a member of this Senate, that on tins question to
postpone, the merits of that proposition have been
| discussed for hours together. 1 might have been
; misled by the former piactice; but,after myatten-
tion was called to it, in the last speech which I
made, when the honorable Senator rawed hi.-: point
of order, I think, if the decision of the Chair was
adjudged in a court, it would not decide upon
technical rules of law that I was discussing the
menfs of the proposition.
Mr. IIAMMOND. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me, I wish to say a word. It
is now half past eleven o'clock, i take it, on all
the propositions now before the Senate, every
Senator has already made up his ninui; and all
the discussion that can be mtiodiu.ed in the Sen-
ate wi!1 ohan^e ncipei son's opinion either as to the
homestead hill, the Cuba bill, or this question of
order. 1 think it equally evident that thete is no
intention to take the vote upon anything to-night,
and that we are sunply playing the school-boy
game of haid-kiiuckle, Peihaps to-monow the
Senate may be in humor to vote, or do some-
thing; and 1 therefoie move that the Senate ad-
journ. ^
Mr. SL1DELL. I ask lor the yeas ana nays
upon that motion.
The \ens ansfenays were ordt rod.
Tile Secretary proceedi d to eatl the roll
Mr. DOOLITTLE M v colleague [Mr Drn-
kek] has paired off with the honorable Senator
fiom Texas, [Air. Houston.]
The result was then announced—yeas 1$, nays
' 3D; follows:
YE \S Bioderiok, Cameion. Chandler. Ciaik,
| CoikiiU'1!. iKm.iuio, L'Ys-cnilt'n. Foot. Fo-ti;r, Hale. [Lun-
' lu>, Hammond. U.ukit). Sewaui, Simmons, Tiumbull,
i Waiie. ind YV>|-on—I')
| A V.-> Alh-n. I>aya d, Benjamin. Ui tiler, 151own,
OlieMiur, Cl.u, riiuiiiii.tii, Dou<ria>. Pitch. Fitzpatrick,
| Gieen <.2 vvm, Hauler, Ivci^on. Johnson ot Aikan>:iy, John-
: son ot" renne^ee. Kenned}', Lane, Mallory, Polk, Pugh,
Reid, Rice, Sehastian, Shdell, Smith, Toombs, Ward, and
Wright—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate? "
Mr, EESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I inquire whether the
question is on the appeal?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand the decision
to be 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state the question, at the request of the
Senator from Wisconsin. The Senator from Ark-
ansas raises a point of order that the Senator from
Wisconsin could not debate the merits of the
proposition on a motion to take it up. The Chair
decided that the Senator from Wisconsin was in
order. From that decision the Senator from Ark-
ansas appeals. The Chair will add that he de-
cided it upon the idea that the remarks of the
Senator from Wisconsin were rather upon the
merits of the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yielded the floor to the
honorable Senator from South Carolina to make
a motion to adjourn. 1 was stating to the Senate
what I said on that occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is still
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submit, Mr. President,
that no Senator on this floor can show that I said
one word upon the merits of the bill when the
honoiable Senator from Arkansas made his point
of order on me. 1 know of what I speak. I had
| my eye on this very question when the honorable
Senator began to make his point of order on me.
Sir, I had not opened my mouth when he took
his first point of order on me. Do you not re-
member it? Was I so blind that 1 did not know
he was intending to raise a point of order the veiy
first word that escaped me which would give him
any reason for doing it; and do you suppose that
I am so blind that 1 do not know whether I give
i utterance to woids on the merits of a question, or
I simply discuss the propriety of taking it up or
| laying it down ? Sir, the honorable Senator from
i Arkansas, in making points of order on me, may
learn more of me than he yet knows. When he
' took his first point of order, it was before i opened
; my mouth.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
. the .Senator from Wisconsin that there was noth-
■ uig offensive intended.
: IVIr. DOOLITTLE. I did not so understand,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I certainly in-
' tended nothing offensive; and I had forborne for a
I Ions; time to make a point of order that I consid-
j ered very material.
j Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to admit
' that if it be the rule and padgment ot the Senate,
| that on a motion to take up a bill, the merits of it
i shall not be discussed, the fust speech which I
> made on this quc-'uon was, within that rule, out
i of order; but m making it, 1 only folio wed the ex-
ample of all tho^e older members of the Senate,
whom 1 have heerd di^'-uss the merits of propo-
sitions for hours and hours on a motion to take up.
Hut, after the honorable Senator from Arkansas
advised us that he was about to make the point
i of order, { was the last man to give utterance to
jj a word that would justify the making of the point
n of order on me. So much has been said on this
!i question, and the menus have been discussed by
:> othei Senators so much, that the memory of Sen-
;j ators on that point may be a little confused; but
\' the Chair will recollect that the point of order
i| was taken on me when the only words that had
|: come from my mouth were "Mr. President."
I! I had not uttered another word when the point of
j; order was raised. Then, what I did say, was
| simply in relation to the bill which I moved to
! take up, b< lug a bill of practical legislation, hav-
,'ing passed the House of Representatives,'and
I, being now befuie the Senate. If we take it up
, and act upon if, it may become a law; but this
!' other piopoeition, which is now being pressed
1 here for discussion, is a measure which cannot be
practically act< d on in rhe House of Representa-
[i tives at this session. There is no hope of that,
ji I do not think even the enthusiastic friend of the
j' measure, who brought itinto the Senate, the hon-
ij orable Senator from Louisiana, will rise in his
II place and say that he has a reasonable hope that
