280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Renting a report which should contain two reports
favorable and two adverse, so that the views here-
tofore taken on the subject might be laid before
the Senate. That is the extent tp which the com-
mittee went in making the present report; and yet
some future page will contain this report as evi-
dence of the opinion of the Senate, or the opinion
. of the select committee at this day in favor of
these claims.
Discarding, then, the select committees, and
taking merely the standing committees to whom
these elaims have been referred, I find, on adding
them up, that there are thirteen favorable, five
adverse. Of the thirteen, I find one man made
three, another man made three,and another man
made four—a total of six persons making the fa-
vorable reports. Of the adverse reports there is
a different man for every report. • The conse-
quence is that it stands five to six persoris. Then,
tried in another manner, of the six persons who
have made favorable reports, three of them were
from a single State, the State of Massachusetts;
of the five persons who made adverse reports, all
were from different States; so that it stands com-
pared, State against State, four favorable and five
adverse. Since this list was made, the Senator
from Virginia, to whom I have already alluded,
whose ability and purity of character are known
to us all, has made an unfavorable report, and
that is one of the unfavorable reports not noticed
in ^he debate; for it is constantly stated that no
adverse report has been made since the report of
the Secretary of State in 1826.
There is, also, something strange in the pre-
pared, stereotyped information which members
of Congress rcceivo in relation to these claims.
Speeches handsomely covered, long statements
ablygottcn up, are coming constantly through the
mail. What becomes of the adverse reports,
and where are the speeches against these claims?
Having very great respect for the wisdom and for
the laborious investigations of Senator Wright,
of New Yoik, now deceased, I endeavored to ob-
tain his speech, A friend procured one for me
and sent it to me, and I found in it the strangest
presentation. Sixteen pages wore Mr. Wright's
speech, when suddenly the argument changed to
the other side. It was a speech entirely for the
claims from that to the end of it, and appended to
itwasastatementof the character of Mr. Wright's
argument, answering the facts on which he relied.
It was quite apparent that from the sixteenth page
out, though it was regulaily paged all the way
through, Mr. Wright had never uttered a word
of it; it was a spurious document; delusive in its
character; and the statement which is appended
to it, being an argument for the claims, shows that
the document was not made either by a friend of
Mr. Wright, or an opponent of the claims.
Among the adverse reports incorporated in this
report of the select committee, is one from Mr.
Forsytli—a man of enlarged experience; a moil
whose services abroad had given him special
means of information; a man whose elevated
tone, and whose manly character rendeied it im-
possible that he could endeavor to skulk fiom
either a personal or public obligation. Let us
see in his report how he treats the presentation
of the arguments made then and since in this case.
I shall read only a passage:
"This Government never received from Franec any
equivalent for the claims of Anieiicuns upon Fiance. The
war of aggression was commenced by France, and every
act of the United States was a ju*t letaliation for previous
iujury. The treaties with France were annulled by an act
of Congiess, in Fj98.111 consequence of the utter disregard
of the stipulations of them by that Power.
" In short, to justify their claims upon the United States,
the petitioneis assume that France was right, and then own
Government wiong ; tiiat France was prepared to make a
ju&t reparation for the outrages committed under her own
laws until released from iior obligations by the United
States, who were faithless to their trust, in the first instance,
and have been legardtess of the obligations of justice evei
since—assumptions not consistent with truth, nor credita-
ble to tiie patriotism of those who make them. The com-
mittee recommend to the House to adopt the following res-
olution :
" Resolved, That the petition of the several persons who
ask indemnity for spoliations committed hy French cruisers
on their property between the years 1793 and 1800, be re-
jected."
There is a historical relation which this subjcct
bears. It is now presented as a case in which our
fathers seized private property and failed to make
compensation, transferring to posterity obligations
of justice and of honor. Is it true ?. Were they
so forgetfttl of the obligations of the Government ?
were they so recreant to the instincts of honor and
of manhood ? I hold not. I hold that they ex-
hausted all their power, diplomatic and military,
in the advocacy of these claims; that they did all
which could be required of them, even to the ex-
tent of becoming paymaster for the claims when
they purchased a territory, and continuingto pros-
ecute such as had not been provided for even at a
subsequent date. Witness demands often made
not against France only, bu^ also against Spain.
If it be a claim of justice and of honor, then our
fathers were wanting in both. If it be so, I am
willing to>meet it. I am willing to pay whatever
is due, and can be shown to be due; but I hold
that it is a severe arraignment to say that all the
efforts of thatlong negotiation omitted what honor
and justice demanded, or that such claims were
put in the lowest class of cases, as those do who
hold it now to be a constitutional duty to assume
them. Guarded, as our negoiattions were, by the
constant declaration that we made no waiver of
the obligations of France, that we made no as-
sumption on the part of the United States, how
can it be that justice requires us to make that as-
sumption now? I well remember when a Senator,
thirty years a member of the Senate, serving with
me on a committee of this body, told me, in rela-
tion to my opposition to a particular claim, " it
is needless; you may reject it now, but it will
come again and again; and old claims at last al-
ways pass." It remains to be seen whether this
is an example of the wisdom of that Senator, or
not.
I plead, sir, no statute of limitation. If the
money ever was due, I grant you it is due now. I
plead no inability of the United States to meet
the obligation. If it be just, let us meet it, if
need be, by direct taxation. 1 take no advantage
of the present condition of the Treasury. I am
willing to rest the question simply on the obliga-
tion which the Government has incurred to "its
citizens. At the same time, I am not willing that
importunity or sympathy towards individuals
shall blind us to our obligations to the history of
our fathers, to the fair fame of our Government, to
the past, to the piesent, and the future. The
present, sir, is full of such claims, and all will bo
revived upon a precedent like this—claims for
every species of loss which the Government could
not prevent—coming to the Treasury, there to be
remunerated; andan the future, whatever hazards
an individual may choose to encounter, either in
peace or in war, it ho shall present a claim against
some foreign Government, and the United States
shall perform its obligation to prosecute that
claim, and fail to got remuneration, on this prin-
ciple, is to be regarded as a debt due by the United
States. If an unkind Providence were to convert
our fertile soil into a plain of gold, it would not
pay the claims which might arise from such a
precedent. We cannot consent to become the
guarantors of the hazards which merchants may
choose to take when they go upon the high
seas and engage in foreign trade. They take the
hazards because of the high profits; and insu-
rancp companies rate their grade of insurance ac-
cording to the hazard which is to be encountered.
The "legal representatives" spoken of in this
bill, I suppose, are in very many cases the in-
surers of the cargo which were lost.
But why limit it to'merchants? Were no others
sufferers by these irregularities or hostilities of
France ? It will be remembered that at that time
Europe was engaged in a general war. The
United States was the great store-house of pro-
visions. Our prosperity was promoted; our pro-
gress was rapid; it was unusual, under the profits
derived from the demand which was created for
the agricultural products of the United States.
It was this which stimulated the activity of our
merchants. Did not the farmer suffer also? Did!
not the man on shore suffer as well as he who was i
on sea? If we begin upon this general principle
of indemnifying all loss sustained, where is it to
stop? Not with the single individual whose ves-
sel was seized or whose cargo was taken, but it
is to go on ramifying until it includes every citi-
zen of the United States.
There is another view in relation to this bill,
which I deem it proper to present. If this be a
claim demanded by justice and law, and if it be
a case in which we are to 'make remuneration for
private property taken for public use, whence is
the right to scale? We are bound under the cir-
cumstances to pay the'full sum found due; we
have no right to scale. If, on the other hand, we
are proceeding under a liberal and equitable view,
then some of the best cases, I expect, will be found
to be those having the most imperfect proof. By
the present plan you array a body of claimants to
contest every case by technicality and special re-
quirements, and to defeat that which the equity
or liberality-of Congress might grant if it were
presented individually. I believe there are excep-
tional cases. I think there are cases now exist-
ing contemplated in the convention of 1800—cases
contemplated in the convention of 1803—where,
from the ignorance or the isolation of the party,
or where, from #he fact of the papers having been
destroyed by the French cruisers, when they cap-
tured the vessels, it became, impossible to make
the adequate proof. In such cases the parties have
some equitable claim upon the United States; not
because of the abandonment of their case; not
because of the trading away of tfieir right; but
because of the manner m'wbich our duties, as
paymaster were conductcd. I believe there are
some such. I believe I have met one; and if his
case be such as he has presented it, I consider it
a good one; but if it be as good as his presenta-
tion would make it, it is excluded by the terms
of the present biU. His case .is one which came
exactly under the convention of 1800, and was
the most favored of all classes, being one of those
cases where the captain of a merchantman, sail-
ing with perfect papers to a French port, entered
it and there lost his cargo, and subsequently his
vessel, by the acts of France. Whether the non--
payment was because of the ignorance of the
claimant of the place and manner in which it should
be presented, or because of his inability to produce
the perfect proof, I am not able to say. He laid
his case before me—he was an old man, remem-
bering well the event, reduced to poverty by that
single act, his life had been spent in toil upon his
farm—and, as I heard it, I believed it to be a case
in which equity clearly demanded relief; and if I
were providing for any case at all, I should en-
deavor to seek exactly such cases as that.
I will only say in conclusion, Mr. President,
for I have already occupied more time than I in-
tended, that I do uot hold our Government, in
any aspect of the case, censurable; that I do not
hold them in any aspect of the case responsible.
I believe that they discharged all their duty;
that they relieved themselves of all responsibility.
They got no consideration for the surrender of
the claims, as alleged; no remuneration for the
vast amount of treasure and blood which were ex-
pended, as well in war as in negotiation—a nego-
tiation continued through a long series of years,
and pressed with a degree of energy and ability
which will compare favorably with the efforts of
any Government, at any time, in the advocacy
of the rights of its private citizens. The maxim
of a gallant sailor, now no more, was " My coun-
try, right or wrong." It would require some
modification for the legislator; and yet my sen-
timent, as an American, very much responds to
the feeling; and the proof must be clear that my
country was wrong before I am ready to censure
it; the proof must be positive that the men who
founded this Government, who achieved its in-
dependence, and transmitted to us the blessings
which we enjoy, shrank from the performance
of a duty which justice and honor demanded. I
cannot allow to pass unnoticed the carefully pre-
pared representations which are made by snatch-
ing paragraphs here and there from a voluminous
correspondence, and putting them together to
support this claim. Thus have been explored the
letters written to a foreign minister at another
Court, and an extract taken and applied as though
it was language addressed to the American Con-
gress, or to the American Commissioners in
France, and construed as though it belonged to a
case to which it had no application, save upon a
hypothesis which that Secretary was answering.
Of such, I say, is woven the web which is pre-
sented; such forms the mesh thrown around the
sympathy, if not the judgment of the American
Congress, to bind it to the recognition of obliga-
tions which have long since been discharged, ob-
literated by having been, in peace and in war,
prosecuted with all the ability which belonged to
our Government.
I know it is an ungracious task to attack this
character 6f claims, they are speciously re pre-
