1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Louisiana
moved to lay the appeal on the table, and the yeas
and nays were called for upon that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not hear the Senator from Louisiana make the
motion; but the Chair has put the question on
sustaining his decision.
Mr. BROWN; Very well; we get to the same
conclusion.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to ask my
friends on the other side if there is really a de-
sire 
Mr. HALE and others. Order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order until the result is announced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is evidently a mis-
apprehension as to what we have been voting
upon. I voted supposing that I was voting to
sustain the decision of the Chair, which I thought
was right.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call the gentleman to order.
I hope the result will be announced. It is not the
business of the Chair to inform gentlemen how to
vote.
The result was announced—yeas 33, nays 9; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biglpr, Brown,
Cameron, Chesmut, Clark, Clay, Clmginan, Doolittle, Doug-
las, Fiteh, Green, Gvvin, Hamlin, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Aikan-=<is, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Polk,
Pugh, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Slidell, Smith, Toombs, Trum-
bull, and Ward~33.
NAYS—Messrs. Brodenek, Chandler, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Sewauj, Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—9
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair is sustained.
Mr. BROWN. If I withdraw my motion to
lay upon the table, and move to stuke out the i
enacting clause, can 1 get a vote without debate? '
I would prefer to take the question in that form,
provided I do not give rise to any further dis-
cussion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Make the motion-
try it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi-Withdraw his motion to lay
the bill on the table?
Mr. BROWN. I do; but before submitting
another motion, I desire to inquire whethera mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause is debata-
ble? i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is open to '
debate. !
Mr. BROWN. Then I shall not make that ,
motion. Now, Mr. President, intending to vote !
against my own motion, but with a view of get- '
ting something like a test vote on this question, j
I move to lay the bill on the table. |
Several Senators called for the yeas and nays. !
Mr. WILSON. The question before the Sen- !
ate, as I understand, is on my motion to postpone ;
the Cuba bill and take up the bill in regard to the !
collection of the revenue. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the i
pending question, ]
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of ;
the Senator from Mississippi is not now in order, j
The motion of the Senator from Massachusetts j
is to postpone the bill under consideration, and
proceed to the consideration of the bill which he |
has indicated, with regard to the collection of the j
revenue.
Mr. BROWN. I move to lay that motion on !
' the table, j
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and !
nays; and they were ordered. i
Mfc BAYARD. Before the roll is called, I de- j
sire to know exactly what the question is. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator;
from Massachusetts proposes to postpone the ;
Cuba bill and all prior orders, and pioceedtothe '
consideration of the bill reorganizing the colleo- [
tion districts of the United States. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to lay that motion 011 the
table; and the question is on the motion of the j
Senator from Mississippi. j
The question being taken by yeas and nays, |
resulted—yeas 31, nays 16; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Bidder, Brown.
Chesnur, Clay, CIm?man, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, i
Green. Gwin, Hunter, fverson. Johrrson of Arkansas, John- '
son of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Polk, i
Pugh, Reid. Itioe. Sebastian, Shield?, Shduli, Smith,
Touinb-, and Ward—31. u
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wilson—16.
So Mr. Wilson's motion was laid on the table.
Mr. BROWN. This measure has been before
the Senate for many weeks, and I think every
gentleman has been allowed to speak on it who
really wanted to speak. We have now passed
hours in a fruitless running scramble about noth-
ing, Senators on the other side of the House say-
ing that they wanted to speak, and yet refusing
to do it. It is perfectly palpable, as the Sen-
ator from Georgia said in the early part of the
evening, that Senators are afraid to come to the
responsibility of a vote. The only possible test
which, as against physical strength, we can make,
is upon the motion which I shall presently sug-
gest. I am willing to show my hand on this
question. I am for the bill as it came from the
committee, arid I am against the amendment pro-
pojj^d by the Senator from Virginia', [Mr. Mason,]
though I would take that rather than get nothing.
I am for the acquisition of Cuba, and I want to
advertise to all the world that we mean to have
it—peaceably if we can, forcibly if we must. I
am willing to pay for it, or I am willing to fight
for it. I would advertise to the world that we
mean to have it; and I look upon this bill as noth-
ingmorethan a mere advertisement that the United
States desire Cuba, and mean to have it. It is in
that spirit that I vote for it, if I ever get a chance
to do so; but the Opposition manifestly do not
allow us to get to a vote. They have no speeches
to make. They have been telling us for a week
that they have ten, or fifteen, or twenty speeches
to make, but when asked to make them they go
off into a sort of guerilla warfare, moving to post-
pone this bill and take up something else, and so
on. As the nearest approach we can make to a
test vote, J move to lay the bill on the table, an-
nouncing my intention to vote against my own
motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi to withdraw his motion for a few min-
utes.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall not occupy five min-
utes of the time of the Senate, with an explana-
tion of the reason 
Mr. TOOMBS. Order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi withdraw his motion?
Mr. BROWN. I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Air. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;1
and they were ordered.
Air. FOOT. I wish to say that my colleague
[Mr. Collamer] has paired off with the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, f Air. Wright.] That ex-
plains his absence at this time.
Mr. CLAY. I have been deputed by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] to say that
he left under the impression that he would be
paired off with the Senator fiom Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon,] and I promised to effect the arrangement.
Air. Dixon is absent, but I did not succeed in
making the arrangement.
Air. HALE. I rise to announce that I shall
pair off soon, if the Senate do not adjourn.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KENNEDY. If this is to be regarded as
a test vote, I am authorized by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Air. Hammond,] |
who is opposed to the bill, to say that he would ;
vote for this motion. lie is opposed to the bill,
and has authorized mc to say so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Broderick, Oameion, Chandler, Clarke,
Doolittle, Fe^enden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, IJatlan,
Kennedy, King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—IvS.
NAYS—Messis Allen, BayartF,Benjamin, I3igler, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clmgm.ui, Doiiiila.*, Fiteh, Fitzputrick,
Green. Gwni, Hunter, Jvci^ou.Juhtivon of Aikaiii-a*, John-
son of Tenne^ce, Lane, Malloiy, Mason. Polk, Pugh, Reid,
Rice, Scbastian, Shields, Slidell, Smith, Toombs, and
Ward—30.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. SLIDELL. Considering this as a test
vote on the bill, and reserving the privilege of
taking such action as the friends of the measure, i
after consultation, shall deem proper to-morrow, j
I now move that the Senate adjourn. 1
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
perfect my amendment?
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. I propose simply to add to 4he
amendment of which I gave notice, these words:
And no money shall be drawn from the Treasury, or
borrowed under the authority of this act, until a treaty ot
cession shall have been concluded and ratified by Spam.
Mr. SLIDELL. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate (at-
one o'clock, a. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 25, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. N. P. Tillinghast.
The Journal of yesterday was read andaplproved.
PAY OF A DECEASED MEMBER.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As I learn that a joint reso-
lution is to be introduced, covering the ground of
the amendment which I proposed to offer to tha
resolution authorizing the Speaker to pay to Mrs.
Mary J. Harris, widow of the late Hon. Thomas
L. Harris, whatever sum was due to him, as a
member of this House, at the time of his death,
I will withdraw the motion I submitted to re-
consider the vote by which that resolution was
adopted.
Th ere being no objection, the motion was with-
drawn.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, an act (H. R.
No. 443) for the relief of William P. Wagner;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was reeved from the Senate by
Asbury Dickens, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
joint resolution, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House: a resolution (No.
84) giving the assent of Congress to certain acts
passed by the Legislatures of the States of Lou-
isiana and Arkansas, in relation to the " raft" of
Red river, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills of the House of Representatives, the first
two without amendment, and the last with amend-
ments:
An act (No. 457) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien;
An act (No. 803) to amend an act entitled " An
act authorizing repayment for land erroneously
sold by the United States;" and
An act (No. 874) establishing certain post
routes.
TARIFF PROPOSITIONS.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object without its being
reported. I know what it is.
Mr. HUGHES. Let the bill be reported.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
" A bill to revive the tariff of 1846."
Messrs. BUFFINTON, EDIE, HOUSTON,
and many others, objected.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended to enable me to introduce that bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to aliow me to offer a substitute for that
| proposition, and to allow it to be read for the
information of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. The first question will be
upon the suspension of the rules.
Air. CRAWFORD. I know that; butl desire
to give notice of my substitute, so that, if the
! rules be suspended, we can get a vote on each.
Mr. HUGHES. Let my bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, That the act of Congress appioved March
| 3, 1857. entitled "An act reducing the dutie* on impous,
J and for other purposes," he, and th<i <amp k hm*by, re-
1 pealed; ami the act of Congtess approved July 30,1843, en-
• titled " An act reducing the dutieson imports.,and foi other
purposes," be, and the baine id hereby, revived, reenacted,
and put in fuii force.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not wish to be misun-
derstood by the House. 1 merely give way to
allow the gentleman from Georgia to give notice
of his substitute.
