1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask that my biU may
be read.
It was read, as follows:
A bill to reduce the salaries of certain officers and persons
in the service of the United States.
Beifrenactedf$c.} That all laws and parts of laws increas-
ing the salaries of public officers and others in the service
of the United States Government since the 1st day of July,
1850. be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That all salaries and
payments hereafter to be made to said officers and others
in the public service, shall be under, and iu conformity to,
the laws regulating and providing for the payment thereof,
anterior to the said 1st day of July, 1850.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act shall con-
tinue of force until the Secretary of the Treasury shall no-
tify Congress that the annual receipts into the United States
Treasury, from the duties received under the act of March
3,1857, regulating the said duties on imports, and from oiher
sources, shall be equal to the amounts annually appropri-
ated by Congress, and no longer.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Georgia a question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have the floor,
and do not yield.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will answer any ques-
tion the gentleman from Alabama has to ask with
pleasure, if I can have the opportunity.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire togive no-
tice that, at the proper time, when the opportu-
nity occurs, I will introduce a bill on the same
suoject, which I desire to have read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I desire to say to the
gentleman from Georgia that I am in favor of his
bill, if he will make it apply to the compensation
of members of Congress, and will assist him to
suspend the rules to introduce it.
Mr. CRAWEORD. It does reduce the com-
pensation of members of Congress.
Mr. EDIE. No debate is in order upon a mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask to have my
bill read. g*
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman would not
allow me to ask a question of the gentleman from
Georgia, and 1 object to the reading.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The House has
given its consent to have the proposition of the
gentleman from Georgia read, and I ask that the
same courtcsy may be extended to me.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my objection to
the reading of the bill proposed by the gentleman
frttm Ohio.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, Mr. EDIE, and
othersf objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
that if this bill is introduced, it must, of neces-
sity, go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and all these gentlemen can
have an opportunity to offer their amendments.
Several Mkmbkrs objected to debate.
Mr. HUGHES called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and iinyy weie ordered.
Mr. MOORE. Is it in order to move that'there
be a call of the House ?.
The SPEAKER. It is; the yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered since the vote was taken on the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Crviur.]
Mr. MOORE. I move that theie be a cull of the
House; and i cull for the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As there seems to be
some misunderstanding in reference to my prop-
osition, I withdraw it for the prasent; so that
there may be a stiaight vote on the suspension
of the mlcs upon that of the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. MeUUEEN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers weie oidered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Edil were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, one-fifth
voting m favor thereof.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
, the negative—yeas 52, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ahl, Avery, Barr, Bilhnghurst, branch,
Buiueit, Clay, Cobb, John Coclnane, Burton Ciaige, Claw-
lord, Cuny, Davi.- or Mi&s is*'ppi, Llowdell, Edie, Elliott,
Faulkner,"Grunett, Cam ell, Goode,Grover> Hatch, Hodges,
Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, McQueen,
McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Millson,
Moore, Niblack, Pettit, Potter, Powell, .Reagan, Ritchie,
Ruffin, Scales, William Smith, Stallvvorth, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Vallandigham, and Augustus R. Wright
—52.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John B.
Clark, Clawson; Clark B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Co-
ming, Covode, Cragin, James Craig, Curtis, Davidson, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Durfee, English, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Folev, Foster, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin,
Greenwood, Gregg, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan,
Harris, Hickmau, 1-Ioard,, Hoi ton, Huyler, Jenkins, Jewett,
Kenn, Kellogg, KeJseyf.Knapp, Leach, Leidy, Maclay,
Mason, Matte^on, Montgomery, Morrill, Edward Joy Mor-
ns, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Paiker, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottle, Purviance,
Ready, Reilly, Rieaud, Robbms, lloyce, Russell, Sandidye,
Scott, Soaring, Seward, Aaron Shaw, IlenryM. Shaw, John
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Talbot,
Thayer,Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Vance, Wqjtie,
Walbndge, Waldrotf, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washbuine, Liael Washburn, Whiteley, Wilson,
Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer—118.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Pending the above call,
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Chapman, was detained from the
House by severe indisposition.
Mr. SPINNER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Morgan, was detained from the House by ill-
ness; and he would say further, that while his
colleague had held a seat here for six years, this
was the first time he had missed a roll call.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hughes,] to suspend the rules for the
introduction of the proposition which had just
been reported, and that the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, noes 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andewm, Andrews,
Avery, Bair, Billingliuis.t, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Burns,
Case, John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, John Coclnane, Col-
fax, Corning, Covode, Jnincs Ciatj*, davif of Indiana, Dick,
Dodd, Edie, Eustis, Faulkner, I'oley, Giegg, Groe^beek.
Giover, Gtow, Lawrence W. Hall, Harris Has-kin, Hatch,
Hickman, Hortori, Hughes, Huyler, Jevvett, Owen Jones,
Koim, Kilgoie, Jacob M. Kunkel, fohn C Kunkel, Land}',
Lawienee, Letd}, Letter, Maclay, Mason, Ma\ riauL Miller,
Montgomery, Edward Joy Motns, Murtay, Niblack, Ohn,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, Willi.im W. l'help«, Phil-
lips, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbins Robeits, Ru^ell, Scott, Searing, James A Stew-
at t, William Stewart, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Vallandig-
ham, Waldron, Whiteley, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke,
and ZolhcofFer—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkins, Blair, Bovce, Bianeh,
Bravtun, ButFinton, Burlingainc, Burnett, Chaffee, Cobb,
Claik B. Cochrane, Cockerill, Conim*, Button Craige,
Crawfoul, Curry, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ot
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dowdoll, Dm fee, English,
Fainsworih, Fenton, Carnett, Gartrelt, Guldmgs, Oilman,
C.'ooeh, Goode, Gransei,Greenwood, Hoard, Hodges, Hop-
km-i, fioti>ton, Howard, Jenkins, George W Jon«>, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Knapp, Leach, Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, Mc-
Rae, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte^on, Miles, Million, Mooie,
Mmnll, Fieeiuan H. Morse, Oliver A. Mon-e, Mott, Pike,
Pottei, Reagan, Uoyoo, Rnllin, S.mdidgo, Sealer, Seward,
Aaron Shaw, Heniy M. Shaw, John Sherman, Samuel A.
Smith, Spinner, Stallworfh, Stanton, Steven-on, Talbot,
Tappan, Th.iver, Thompson. Tompkins Vance, Wade,
Walhridge, Walton. Cadwaladei (' Wa-hbinn, Ellihu B.
Wa-hbttrtie, Israel Waslihutn, Wmslow, Wood, and John
V. VVtight—y f.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Pending the above call,
Messrs. REILLY and ADRAIN announced
that Mr. Chapman was detained from the House
by indisposition.
Mr. VANCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Cii.Mnn, was necessarily absent from the city oil
very urgent business.
Mr. KELSEY. I tvant to put a question to
the gentleman fiom Indiana.
Mr. MeClUEEN. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. I want to know whether, if
his bill be permitted to come in, he will allow
amendments to lie made ?
Mr. McaUEEN. I object to all debate.
Mr. KELSEY. It is usual to allow that cour-
tesy to members.
Mr. McdUEEN. Thereis no courtesy about
it when the screws are to be put upon us.
Mr. GRANGER. What is the question?
The SPEAKER. To suspend the rules for
the introduction of the proposition of the gentle-
man from Indiana, to revive the tariff of 1846.
Mr. GRANGER. The tariff of 1846, and the
tariff of 1857, are wholly inadequate to our dis-
ease, and I. vote in the negative.
Mr. SINGLETON, Mr. FOSTER, Mr. BO-
COCK, and Mr. BRYAN, were not within the
bar when their names were called, and asked
leave to vote.
Objection was made.
They would have voted in the negative.
Mr. FLORENCE asked leave to vote, not
being within the bar, when his name was called.
Objection was made.
He would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Opposing the
tariff of 1846 in every shape, yet I vote in the
affirmative, to bring the subject before the House.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yesterday a mo-
tion was submitted by the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, to reconsider the vote by which the Post
Office appropriation bill was rejected. I hope that
motion will be agreed to; and that a motion will
be entered to reconsider the engrossment of the
bill; and that then the matter be allowed to rest
until we have gone into committee. I hope this
proposition will meet with the approval of the
House. If there be objection I would like to hear
the reasons for it. The only object I have in view
is to facilitate the transaction of the public busi-
ness.
Mr. BLAIR. If it is in order, I move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not yield'
for that purpose. If the motion to reconsider the
engrossment of the bill be not entered to-day, it
cannot be made hereafter. When the engross-
ment is reconsidered, the bill will be open to
amendment. If the motion to reconsider belaid
upon the table, a new bill must be originated, or
we will have to adjourn without making provision
for the support of the Post Office Department
during the next fiscal year.
Mr. HATCH. Will the bill be open to amend-
ment if the vote ordering the engrossment of the
bdlbe reconsidered?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It will be open to
amendment; but not as it was in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KILGORE. I would like to know what
amendment the gentleman has to propose that
will make the bill more acceptable ?
Mr. BLAIR. Will it be in order to reconsider
the amendments which were voted down in the
House?
The SPEAKER. The bill will not be open to
general amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. Then I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ENGLISH. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«is. Andrews, Bennett, Blair, Bliss, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Butlnsgame, Case, Chaffee, Ezta Clark,
Clawson, Cobb, Colfax, Conuns, Covode, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dimnnck, Dodd, Durfee, Kdie, Farneworth,
Fenton, Floience, Foster. G Hidings, Gilhs, Gil man, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Giow,Itobeit H. Hall, Hatlan, flaskin,
Hickman, Hoaid, Owen Jonc, Keirn, Kellogg, KeNey,
Kilgore, KLnapp, John C Kunkel, Loach,'Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Matteson, Montgomeiy, Oliver A. Morse, Man ay,
Nichols, Olni, Palmer, Patket, Pettit, Phillips. Pike, rottet,
Pottle, Purviance, It< illy, Rnchie, Robbing Robcits, John
Sherman, Judson VV. Sherman. Spmnei, Stanton. William
Stewart. Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walthon,
and Walton—8-1.
NAYS—Mes.-rs Adrain, Aid, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barr, Bingham, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyee, Branch,
Biyan, Burnett, Bum-, Cavanaugh, John B. Clark, Clay,
John Coclnane, Cockenll, Corning, James Craig, Burton
Ciaige, Crawloid, Curty, DavuNon, Davis of Indiana, Dow-
dell, English, F.m-tis. Faulkner. Foley, Gatnett, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Greenwood, Gregg, Gioe-sbcck, Grover, Lawrencu
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins, Hoiton,
Hughes. Hurler, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones,
s Landv, Lawrence, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, McUae,
\ Samuel S. Marshall,Mason, Maynatd, Miles, Miller, Mill-
j son. Moore, Morrill, Mott, Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
| William W. Phelps,Powell,Ready, Reagan,Ricaud,Itulfin,
j Russell. Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Searing, Sewaid, Aaron
; Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith,
1 Samuel A, Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson,
