'282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ,
January 10,
that exists by inference; now look at the fact,; here
is the book, the record;" and the record showed
that the argument was wrong. The argument
was wrong in itself, in reference to the law and
the terms of the treaty. They have never been
paid in that way. How else have they been paid ?
They jare of large amount, must have been of
large amount, not rated by our Government at
any time at less than from fifteen-to twenty mil-
lion dollars. "When were they paid? Suchasum
as this could not be paid, and no record of it be
made. Such a transaction could nothave«xisted,
and no memorial or testimony be left to make it j
plain and apparent to us. Sir, there was no pay- j
merit of them made; and, since a few months j
after this Government renounced the claims of 1
our merchants, in order to purchase its own re-
lease from the treaties of 1778 and 1788, from that
moment down to this, these people have been con-
tinually making claim upon Congress; they have
been continually disappointed-', and have gone
away without obtaining any sort of redress what-
ever. Is this right? We plead payment; and
yet our creditor is able to show continual demand
upon us, and we are not able to show any mark
or evidence of payment, and the sum is a large
one. It is impossible, it sc^ms to me, to indulge
such a presumption as that of payment from any
fact in the case.
Well, Mr. President, I intend not any regular
' argument; but*I want to attend for a few moments
to some of the positions taken by my friend on
this subject. Were wo nof liable for these claims ?
If 1 understand the obligation between the Gov-
ernment and the citizcn, it is obedience on the one
side, and protection on the other. These'mer-
chants who weie seized on the high seas, and had
their property wrested from them, were under our
protection. We wore bound, upon every princi-
ple, to see that they did obtain redress; and not
only that, but General Washington, by a circular
letter addressed to the merchants of the United
States, expressly encouraged them to go on with
a commerce that was then almost afraid to launch
itself on the high seas, such was the ccrtamty of
capture. General Washington, acknowledging
the responsibility of the Government to these mer-
chants, tells them to go on; " if any wrong is done
you, it shall be redressed; send us the proper ac-
counts of these wrongs, and it shall be the business
of the Government to attend to them, and to se-
cure you a proper redress." This is the substance
of tho circular letter issued to our merchants.
Then, besides the general obligation resulting
from the principle of Government, from the cor-
relative obligation of obedience on the one side
and protection on the other, we have added to it,
and our merchants have the particular pledge of
our President, and that President George Wash-
ington, that this lav/of nations should be enforced
on all wrong-doers in their favor, and compensa-
tion enforced.
Could men have gone abroad under a more sol-
emn pledge of protection from their Government?
They went forward, and they were robbed, and
to this day they have received no compensation.
Not only have they received no compensation,
„ but their Government has received it and rendered
nothing to them. Their Government leceived it
in the release from France of the most onerous
obligations that could be imposed upon a nation,
to guaranty her possessions. What were they ?
What was the consideration which France gave
us for this guarantee of her possession in Amer-
ica? She peiformed faithfully all the obligations
of her treaty of alliance and assistance during our
revolutionary war. She expended $280,000,000
in carrying it into effect. She secured to us our
liberties and the success? of our revolutionary war.
We engaged, in eonsideiation of her engaging to
do that, that we would guaranty to her h'-r
American possessions forever, and that h^r cruis-
ers and her vessels of war, with the prizes they
might make in any future wars, should have pai-
ticular privileges in coming into our ports and
harbors. We performed nothing of all this. She
lost all her West Indian possessions that she held
under our guarantee. She lost ail the advantage
of those privileges in our harbors; for as early as
the year 1794, one year after the universal war
in Europe commenced against France, at the
very time when she needed most our aid and as-
sistance; when she needed most the faithful per-
formance by her ally of tfiese stipulations, we
withheld them from her. It was then that we
did nothing to make good our guarantee of her
possessions in America. W'e raised no hand to
protect them. As for the privileges in our har-
bors, which we had promised to her, we s;ave
them to Great Britain by the treaty of 1794.
France claimed indemnity for all this. She had
a right to it upon every principle. If there was
any obligation created by national law or by
national justice, we were^ound to fulfill it. If
there was "any obligation created by positive
treaty and express engagement, we were bound
to fulfill it. What was the consequence? We
were liable to indemnify her for the failure to do
specifically the thing we had engaged to do. She
claimed that indemnity; and whenever we asked
of her "indemnity for the spoliations of our com-
merce, she said " yes, it is due; France is will-
ing to do justice to all'; but while we are settling
with you for the indemnity due to your citizens,
settle with us for these great obligations that you
are under to us."
The result was, that the parties, not being able
to agree in their estimations, not being able to
agree upon the indemnities mutually claimed,
agreed to renounce them all. France said, " we
admit ow liability to your merchants; in the con-
vulsive struggles into which we were forced for
our very existence and for that liberty which we
were striving to obtain, our people have done many
things that were wrong; we have done many things
which were wrong, which nothing but the neces-
sities of the case could have afforded us a possible
pretext for; we admit that you are entitled to in-
demnity, and we arc ready to settle with you; but
this war has exhausted our finances; we aie bound
now, when you are claiming indemnities, to claim
an indemnity from you, and we will not settle the
one unless you will settle the other." This was
natural, fair, equitable. We preferred, in that day
of our necessities and our poverty, to take the bold
step c-f relinquishing these claims to Franco, for
her relinquishment to us of our obligations to her. i
We got clear of the treaties, of all indemnities for
infractions or omissions to perform the treaties,
and we gave up to her the claims of our citizens.
Was not this using private propeity for public
purposes? Was there any doubt about the claims
of these men who asked indemnity ? This Gov-
ernment asserted their right continually, and in-
structed itsministers to make: itan ultimatum with
France, a sine qua non* that these claims should
be settled and satisfied, so strong was the sense of
our Government. Did France deny tho claims of
these men to indemnity? Before 1800, we were
continually thundering in the ears of France these
claims. They were ultimately civen up to France,
in compensation of her relinquishment to us; and
now what do we say? The)'' never had any claims !
We asserted them; France admitted them always.
Now, can there be any doubt at all about tho
original justice and solidity of these claims, and
the right of the claimants to lcdress ? None what-
ever. They are admitted by all the world; by both
Governments — those who claimed, and those
who were to pay the claim, all admitted them.
Now, when they have besieged Congress in vain
for nearly sixty years without getting a single
cent of redress, the length of time seems to war-
rant us in denouncing the claims as stale. It is
said that they never existed in fact; or, if they
did exist, they have been compensated. Gen-
tlemen cannot say how they have been extin-
guished by this Government; they cannot show-
that a cent was ever paid; and, in fact and in
truth, according to history, not a cent was ever
paid. I do not know how it is possible for me
to make this case plainer.
The gentleman says, however, that there was
war between this country and France. This
was a strange war. No history takes notice of
any war between the United States and France
during the progress of her great revolutionary ;
struggle. Neither the Government of France j
nor the Government of this fountry acknowl-
edged that there was war. There had been mis-
understandings, not war. War is always con-
cluded by treaties, not by convention. We never
made a treaty of peace with France since that
day. How, then, has this little occult, obscure j
war run along through the course of tipie, and j
not found a place in history, or been known to j
either of the nations supposed to be at war ? It I
was known t*b neither of the Governments: was !
disavowed by both Governments. The French
commissioners, to be sure, on oho occasion said to
our Minister, " you made war upon us: we never
made any war upon you." Wc, on the contrary,
might have taken a different view of it, and might
have said, " no, we have made no war upon .you;
all the measures taken by our Government have
beeif purely of a defensive character; and that
does not make war." Merc defense is not war.
Our measures were all of that character. There
was co war between the two countries. Neither
of them ever acknowledged it. ThCy denied it.
Hear what Mr. Adams said, for instance, long
after these transactions, which occurred when he
was Presideilf'of the United States:
" To explain all tho myttones of that period, never was
and never will be in my power, ft would requne volumes
to give a simple histoiy ot it. All that I can say of it is,
theio wdswai between St. Dcmsand St. Gcoige; each had
an mmy in America, constantly skumishmg with each
other, and both of them constantly stabbing me with lancets, 1
spikes, and spears. My sole oljcct was to preserve the peace
and neutrality of my country ; and that, 1 thank God, i ob-
tained, at the loss of my powei and fame on b<5th sides."
Here was the President of the United States,
that knew nothing of this French ^ar; he is con-
gratulating Jiimself afterwards:
c: T suffered from the controversies of parties, one being
for alliance with England, one for war with Fiance, an-
othei lor war with England ; and so the whole country was
split up and divided at that petiod."
" I suffered much," said Mr. Adams, " but I am
gratified at it all, for my object was to preserve the
peace and neutrality of my country, and I did it."'
Now the argument is that he did not do it, and
this argument is urged for what purpose? That
that war must swallow up the just claims of our
citizens in its consequences, and release this Gov-
ernment from any protection of their rights, and
France from any obligation of indemnity. What
did wc go to war for, if we had any war? Why
should wo have gone to war, but to require in-
demnity for the outrages she was committing
on our citizens and their property on the high
seas? Shall we not, when peace comes, stipulate
for them ? Does the war mutually extinguish the
cause for which we commenced it, and it become
afterwards a mere causeless and wanton warfare?
Suppose we had gone to war because France re-
fused to make these very indemnities: do we im-
pair at all the obligation of France to pay the
claims by endeavoring to enforce them ? No, sir;
not at all; and suppose when we come to make
peace, France says: " Let us be friends, and I
will pay these indemnities;" would that be unrea-
sonable? Well, take it that there was war, and
here by the convention of 1800 they come to'
terminate it and settle the controversy which
had caused the war, and France says, <k now I
admit your claim on me for indemnities; but do
equal justice; you owe me indemnities for this
great treaty, none of whose obligations you have
fulfilled, though I have paid you a mighty sum in
consideration of those obligations. I poured out
my blood and my treasure to make successful
your revolutionary war; I spent £^80,000,000 in
your cause, and sacrificed much of the blood of
many of my gallant citizens; I did all that; 1 per-
formed to the letter, m money and in blood, every
stipulation which I tqade in your favor, and you
have had the benefit of it. Now, when the time
comes that you are to render some benefit to me
in consideration of all tins; when your treaty
binds you to guaranty my rights in my West
Indian possessions, you have utterly failed to do
it, and the enemy have taken them all. When I
sought for my cruisers a safe shelter in your ports
for any prizes they mij ht make of the enemy,
you said j no. At fust, you admitted them; at first,
by a circular letter from the Government to the
collectors, they weie directed to rcecive my ves-
sels according to that treaty; "but iiv-1794, one
year afterwards, you made a treaty with Great
Britain, in which you undertook to give her those
rights which you had stipulated to sccure to me
inyourports. Was that done like a friend ? Was
that the performance of your treaty? And so I
claim indemnities for this." Was not all this
natural and right, even as the result of the con-
clusion of a war, and the parties settling it in the
way most acceptable to themselves, by making a
mutual release, one to the other, of those claims
to indemnity? All is perfectly apparent, and per-
fectly plain. There is not an argument, it seems
to me, thutwill not be better answered by an ex-
