1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
James A. Stewart, Talbot, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Watkins, Whiteley, Wilson, Winsiovv, Wood,
Wood«on, WortendykPj Augustus R. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—104.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
•During the vote,
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked permission
of the House to vote, he having been called out
of the Hall on business, and not being in when
his name was called.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that, if he
had been in the Hall when his name was called,
he should have voted " no."
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
Chair whether the amendments that have been al-
ready voted down, can be moved again in the
House if there be a reconsideration?
The SPEAKER. The bill will be open to
amendment; but it is proper for the Chair to say-
that some of the amendments that were voted down
would not be held by the Chair to be m order, if
they were offered in the House.
Mr. BILLINGHURST stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Caruthers.
The vote was then announced as above.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask theftchairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means whether I
understand that we shall have a vote on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Avery] in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and which was
believed by a large number of members to have
been adopted ? I ask him whether he will allow
that amendment to be offered and voted on in the
House ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suppose the
gentleman refers to the amendment alluded to
yesterday by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax,] and which he alleged was adopted in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My recollection was not in accordance,
yesterday, with the statement of the gentleman
from Indiana, but was m accordance with the re-
port made by the chairman of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If this
amendment was adopted in committee and,
through neglect, was not reported to the House,
it would seem but fair that the matter might come
before the House for an expression of opinion.
I cannot move that amendment.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the gentleman if he will
give me an opportunity to move it? Is there an
understanding that I shall have an opportunity
of moving that amendment?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman,
I understand, refers to an amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Tennessee, as amended
on the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts . If there is any evidence that it was adopted
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I think it but fair that a vote should be
had upon it in the House; and I shall be willing
for the gentleman from Massachusetts to move
that amendment as if it had been adopted in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. That would be fair. Here let me remark,
that perhaps I was misled, in the hurry this morn-
ing, in making a statement to the House. I find,
on examination of the rules, that it will be neces-
sary to go a little farther, and to have the vote
by which the bill was engrossed reconsidered, m
order that another motion may be submitted to
reconsider tho vote by which the amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Branch] was adopted.
fflr. REAGAN. I asserted, at the time the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
was offered, that it was substantially the same as,
and almost identical in language with, the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair,] and which had been incorporated
in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say
this: we have before us the report of the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I suppose there is confirmatory
evidence in the reporter's notes, and in the Jour-
nal. I am willing that the matter should be sub-
mitted to the late chairman of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and if, on
examination, he soys that he has omitted to report
an amendment that was adopted, I certainly shall
be willing to have the amendment offered in the
House. 1 ask whether that proposition is not fair ?
But if, upon an examination, it shall appear that
that amendment was rejected by the Committee of
the Whole, I think the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is making too large a request of me.
Mr. GOOCH. In answer to the gentleman from
Missouri, I will say that we all understand that
the Journal is conclusive, so far as thie House is
concerned. We cannot appeal from it; and it is
no use to go into a discussion as to whether the
amendment!was or was notadopted in the Commit-
tee of the Whole. Now, sir, the gentleman from
Texas says that we had a vote in the House on
substantially this amendment. It is true that we
did have a vote on an amendment similar in char-
acter, but not quite similar in all respects; and. I
submit that a misunderstanding on this side of the
House, and, perhaps, with some gentlemen upon
the other side of the House, affected that vote. I
believe that that vote was decided as it was be-
cause there was an understanding that the same
thing was in another part of the bill in a more
desiiable form, and could there be voted for. So
that we were in reality misled, to,a greater or less
extent, by the supposition that that last amend-
ment had been adopted in the Committee of the
Whole. Now, I submit thatit is nothing butfair
that that question should be submitted to the
House, and let the House vote upon it. If there
is a majority of the House in favor of that prop-
osition, then it ought to be adopted. If there is
a majority of the House opposed to it, it will be
voted down. And it seems to me that when we
ask that we may be allowed to vote understand-
ing^ upon it, we do not make an unreasonable
request.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Massachusetts misapprehends me, if he sup-
poses that 1 desire to have this examination made
according to the strict rules of evidence. I do
not.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is this discussion in order, at this
stage of the business '
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly. The
motion to reconsider is debatable. I did not pro-
pose to have the matter decided by an inspection
of the Journal alone. I mean such an examina-
tion as would be satisfactory to any gentleman
here, for we all know that oftentimes in the haste
in which business is transacted here, mistakes
may occur. Nobody is infallible.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to this discussion,
if it is not 111 order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the de-
bate is in order. The question is on the motion
to reconsider. The motion to lay on the table has
been voted down, leaving the motion to recon-
sider before the House in a debatable form.
Mr. HOPKINS. If the proposition which the
gentleman from Missouri has submitted, is to de-
pend upon my recollection, it is due to the Oppo-
sition side of the House that I should make a
statement now, and it is, perhaps, due to the of-
ficers of the House that I should do so. My rec-
ollection is, that the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. GoochJ to
the amendment offered by the gentleman fiom
Tennessee, [Mr. Avert,] was agreed to; but when
the question was propounded, as it then recurred,
on agreeing to the amendment, as amended, my
recollection corresponds exactly with the notes
which the officers of the House have taken; that
the amendment, as amended, was rejected, and
my impression is, that it was rejected by a vote
of eighty-odd to fifty-odd. Of that, however, I
^11 not positive; but my impression is, that the
amendment, as amended, was rejected. I had no
other means of knowing than every other member
of the House had, what was the fact, for neither
of the amendments offered, wasat any time in my
hands. The questions vrere propounded as they
arose, according to the record which the Clerk
made, and when I reported to the House, the bill,
with the amendments, I had only the bill itself
in my hand,nothaving handled any of theamend-
J ments proposed. I have made this statement be-
cause, if the suggestion made by the gentleman
from Missouri is to depend upon my recollection,
it is proper that the House should understand
what that lccolleclion is.
Mr. AVERY. I wish to suy that I felta little
more interest in,this matter than anybody else,
and noticed the vote particularly; and my recol-
lection coincides with that of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. J object to any
further yielding of the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to make thequestion
of order, .that the House having voted on the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair,] recommended by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr
OroocH] being the same in substance and in lan-
guage, it is an appeal from one vote of the House
to another on the same question, and is a viola-
tion of all rules of order. I ask the Speaker to
inspect the two propositions, and he will see that
they are the same.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I believe the
matter has now been fully discussed. I de-
mand the previous question upon the motion to •
reconsider.
Mr. BRANCH. Has the gentleman from Mis-
souri entered a motion to reconsider the vote bv
which the amendment offered by me was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The House has not yet
reached that point.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being upon reconsidering
the vote by which the bill was rejected.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. It'EILLY called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked for tellers on the
question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to—*ayes
102, noes 73.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I-move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and refra the third time; and I will
state to the House that I hope they will agree to
the motion, m order to give me an opportunity to
submit another motion to reconsider.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to ask whether the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time was not yesterday recon-
sidered, and the motion to reconsider laid on the
table ?
The SPEAKER. It was not. The motion
to reconsider was not made.
Mr. PHiELPS, of Missouri. I desire to recur
to the condition in which this House finds itself
at this moment. I find my colleague upon the
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] voting in
committee for reporting this bill, and then coming
into the House and voting to defeat it. Placed in
the position which he occupies by the intercession
of the friends of the Administration, I say I find
him in the committee-room proposing no amend-
ment to this bill, voting for it there, and then in
the House voting to defeat it.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that it is not m order to refer in the House
to what occurred in the committee-room.
The SPEAKER. Jt is not in order to refer to
what transpired in the committee-room.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well; I
will confine myself to the motion to reconsider.
But, sir, 1 will remark that a journal is kept of
the proceedings in the committee-room, and that
journal will corroborate what I have said.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
know of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, if he charges that Executive inter-
ference has been exerted here in organizing the
committees of this House?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I deny the charge.
I made no such charge of Executive interference.
I said that it was at the instance of the friends
of the Administration that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was placed upon the Committee of
Ways and Means. I appeal to him if he does
not consider himself a friend of the Administra-
tion?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I do consider
myself a friend of the Administration. I am
ready to carry out upon this floor every recom-
mendation of the Administration. Can the gen:
tleman say as much in reference to some portion
of the recommendations of the President?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
