1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
animation of the true history and facts of this 1
case than by any reasoning that can be employed
on the subject.
But, says the gentleman, we repealed, in 1798,
the treaty of 1778, out of which grew Prance's
claim forindemnity. Mr. President,undoubtedly,
ordinarily war puts an end to treaties between the
parties; but may there' not be obligations of a
primary character contracted for considerations
mutually agreed upon and paid, which war would
not put an end to ? What an easy and compen-
dious mode of taking the benefit of national bank-
ruptcy would this afford ! Here France had entered
into mutual stipulations with us. She performs
all hers at a cost of blood and money incalcula-
ble, almost, in amount. She secures to us the
great objects for which these services were ren-
dered. She buys of us a correlative obligation that
we will do certain benefits to her when she stands
in a particular position—that is, when she comes
to be in wgr. By a simple act of Congress—now
that bloofftas been shed by her in our cause, now
that §280,000,000 have been laid out by her in
performing her obligations—can we rid ourselves
of our reciprocal obligations, supposed to be an
equivalent, and only an equivalent, for this gieat
performance on the part of France, by repealing
the treaty ?
Why, sir, if an individual could repudiate or
repeal a promissory note, for which he had given
a valuable consideration, it would be in, social
life exactly what this doctrine that is contended
for is in political life. But it is a question whether
Congress can repeal by law any treaty. It was
the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall that they
could not. It was the opinion of General Wash-
ington and his Cabinet that they could not. Heie
is the evidence: Maishali's opinion expressed in I
his history of the life of Washington. Mr. Jef- I
ferson gave it as his opinion, to General Wash- I
ington, in Cabinet council, that such a treaty could
not be repealed by an act of Congress, and all the
Cabinet were supposed to assent; no one objected.
In the 54th number of the Federalist, this very
subject is treated of; and there it is declared that
a treaty is irrepealable by act of Congress.
I do not mean to say that my mind is entirely
satisfied on that point; but nevertheless, even sup-
posing the power to repeal, what then? Cer-
tainly we are bound to compensate a person who
has lost by your repeal of a con tract madebytwo
parties. I have made a contract with you; I re-
fuse to perform it; you cannot make me do it spe-
cifically; you can have damages, though, for my
notperformmgft; apd that would be your ledress,
and that I am willing to pay. A treaty might bo
inveigled into a very injudicious treaty—a treaty
that would ultimately sacrifice our liberty and our
Government; it may be onerous and destructive;
what is to be done ? Violate it; but the moment
you violate it, say: " I have done that for self-
preservation and self-protection; my faith is in-
tact, and I acknowledge my treaty obligation; but
the necessity of self-preservation requires me to
disregard that treaty, and annul it, and to proclaim \ \
to you that I can no longer perform it; but I will 'j
render whatever indemnity, or whatever satisfac- 1
tion I can." Would not that be the result? Sup-
pose, then, Congress is authorized to repeal a
treaty; must she not repeal it, with all those legal
consequences,just as when you refuse to perform
a contract, which you acknowledge to have been
fairly made, you are subject to damages; that is,
to indemnify the man with whose contract you
have refused to comply? Certainly. These argu-
ments, then, result in nothing disadvantageous or
prejudicial to those claims.
I think, therefore, that we ought not to hesitate
one moment to discharge this debt. It is said
that we shall be dishonoring our ancestors if we
pay this debt now; that it will be as much as to
say that for sixty years tins nation has been de-
linquent to its citizens in failing to pay this debt.
That is the melancholy fact. It is surely no
ground of an argument to say; " I have long de-
layed payment, and therefore I will not pay ef
nil." The nhli.o-n.tion was once acknowledged t
at 1:
all." The obligation was once acknowledged to
have existed; the parties claiming under it have ;
made perpetual claim, year by year, from that time
lo this. It is not a claim brought up after a long !
rest. These have not been dormant creditors;
they have not slept, upon their rights. _ If they (
had done so, an inference might have arisen from i
their own inaction, it would be said that rf tins i
large sum of money had been due to them, they
would have been attempting to obtain satisfac-
tion; and the inference might have been that they
had been satisfied, and now, after a great length
of time, were come again to demand another
satisfaction. But these parties have not slept
upon their rights. Nobody can say that; they
have pursued this matter with a diligence which
shows, if anything could show, the earnestness
with which they believe there is a debt due to
them from the nation, and the men of old times
did not hesitate about it. The men who partici-
pated in the negotiations with France; the men
who made the conventions of 1800 and 1803, and
before that time, had negotiated forindemnities of
France, all from whom we can derive any evi-
dence whatever, testify to the justice of these
claims. After a long time had passed and things
had becomc quiet, what did Chief Justice Mar-
shall say ? What did he think ? He was one of
our negotiators in France. He was there in 1797.
Here is what Mr. Preston and Mr. Leigh, two
distinguished Senators formerly of this body,
state as to a conversation with Mr. Chief Justice
Marshall:
Columbia, Janvaiu 29. !S44.
Sir: I have this moment received vour lettei ot the 2-lth
iri-tant, inquinn<*or'me concerning Judge Maioluill's opin-
ion 011 the French fpnli.u.onb aineuor lu IdOO.
When that subject was under diseu^ion in the Senate
some years Mnce, as a member of the committee to which
it had been given in ehaige, 1 bestowed no little painsm the
investigation of it; and,a^ I believe it wiiJ happen to ovciy
one that does so, I became thoioughly satisfied of the ju&t-
ne--^ of^he claim?.
While they were under discussion m the Senate, they
happened to he the subject of convocation betwopnMr
Leigh, I\Ir. Calhoun, and myself, one evening in oui met?
parlor, when Judge Marshall stepped in, and having ovei-
heaid, or hciny mfoimed of the subject of conversation,
aj'ced to share in it, j-ayinu, that having been connected
with the events of that period; and conveisant wi:h the cu-
cum^tances under which the claim4, arose, he w a*, from ins
own knowlodso, satisfied that theio was the s-tionsiest ob-
ligation on the Government to compensate the sufleiers by
the French spoliations, lie gave a huocincl statement of
the leading fact.-*, and the puncipie.s of law applicable to
thorn, in «o precise and lucid a wav, that it seemed to me a
termination of the argument by a judicial decision. It was
appaient, from his manner, that he felt an iMteicsttn the in-
culcation of ins opinion, anting from deep conviction of its
truth.
I most heartily desire that the long delaved and very in-
adequate justice now proposed to these unioriuuate claim-
ants, will be made this bes>ion
I am, dear sir. your obedient servant,
WILLIAM C. PRESTON. |
James II. Causten, Esq., Washington.
Richmond, August 17,1 S'6.
My dear ptr : T received, in due tunc, jour letter of the
11th; and I should haye answered it immediately, but jou ;
intimated that >ou had sent me, at the same tune, a copy :
of your speecn containing Mi. IMestoirh lcttei, and 1 was
de.-uous of seeing it, in order th.it I might sec Low lar his
leeo'leonon agieed with mine. Iloweveu the copy of ynui
speech has not yet come on ; and now, I think H better to
write at once than to wait longer for the lnfoimution.
1 have then tot-tate, that the late Chief Justice Marshall
did, in a conversation wit!) me and fome two or thiec otheis,
while a bill was before the Senate for the payment ot the
claims for French foliations prior to iSOO. oxpress an
opinion, distinctly and positively, that the United States
ought to make some piovjsion 5oi the payment of those ;
claims; and the opinion made the more imp'-e^ion on my j
mind, sincc it was contiaiy to an idea which I had taken ,
up on the subjeet, and it determined me to examine it with ,
gieatei caro and deliberation tiian I had befoie given it. j
You may snake what u-o of this lettei \<>u nlo i?e. The .
Pie<adem,'s iceent veto of tbi- claim appealed tomeveiy
stiange. Is a President aiithonzed to veto every bill for
which hehim?eU would not vote ? It h-: is, he i> the whole
Lcgulature whe^evei thcie is not a majority of two thirds
m both Houses of Cong -c-s.
I remain with old and constant respect and esteem,
yours, truly, 15. W, LEIGH,
lion. John M. Clawo*.
I shall not detain the Senate by quoting other
authorities oil the subject. Almost every man
distinguished by his public reputation, and living
ill those times, expressed the same sentiment.
The subject is too well known to the Senate, it is
too much of a historical-case, to require that I
should go into it with that sort of particularity
which might be necessary if it were simply a pri-
vate claim founded on ordinary circumstances.
This is a great case. The reasons which have so
long delayed its passage and its termination are
not difficult of explanation. Up to 18xi4, these
: claimants had to come before Congress withyery
! imperfect evidence of the history of their claims
; The correspondence, the negotiations of our Min-
; isters at iVris, had not, up to that time, been made
1 public. Under these disadvantages they came
i here to Uftrcrr with imperfcet evidence ttf gusrt&in
their case. AVhen they first came, it was not only
under these disadvantages, but it was at a time
when the Treasury of the United States was un-
able to compensate the.m. They came first during
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, whose great
principle—a wise and sound one—was, to bring
the expenditures of the Government at all hazards
within its income. The payment of these claims
was utterly beyond its income, and the Govern-
ment, therefore, could not pay them. The Gov-
ernment was poor, and its necessities excused it
for delay. This continued long to be the case.
"When the poverty was, perhaps, about ceasing,
we got into a war with Great Britain, and that
absorbed our resources. Afterwards came on the
war with Mexico. That again delayed them; and
that, in substance, is the only plausible reason
alleged by Mr. Polk for his veto of this bill. The
country required the whole of its revenues, and
all the money it cjpuld raise, for the purposes of
the war; hence he declined to approve the bill in
1846.
So they have been subject to all these national
vicissitudes from beginning to end. They have
waited so long that Congress has felt that they
could Wait a little longed; and with hopes deferred
and hearts made sick they are here this day peti-
tioning for rights that their country acknowledged
more than a half century ago. Shall it longer be
our reproach that they are not paid .' Until my
connection with this subject, accidental so far as it
concerns me, I did not know of the extent,to which
these claims were ramified throughout the coun-
try. I have received imploring letters even from
the distant West. These impoverished merchants
and their families have been scattered abroad
throughout the wide world. From residences the
most distant, from States the most distant, there
comes in from one quarter and another a feeble
voice, not uncommonly that of women, imploring,
now that m their poverty, at this late and last day
perhaps for them, the Government will make some
compensation for the justice that lias been so long
delayed. I trust that will be done now by the
passage of this bill. There is no war now. It
may be argued,perhaps, that the Treasury is not
at present in a condition to pay; but this billdoea
not make any present draft upon the Treasury,
and the claimants ask us by it to settle the claims,
and not leave them to the fate of an ambiguous
legislation, and an uncertain and a doubtful re-
dress. The bill proposes to issue a stock bearing
only five per cent., not for the whole amount, but
for only $5,000,000 out of, say §15,000,000; and
if you added interest on it, I do not know what
would be the sum. The claimants ask us to allow
them $5,000,000, and for that to give them a stock
bearing only five per cent, interest, and payable
at the pleasure of the Treasury. Here is a mode
of doing justice, without producing any sort of
embarrassment to the Treasury. Shall it be done ?
Though late, shall we have the satisfaction of
knowing that we have done such justice, (although
not a full measure of it,) as nations have felt them-
selves constrained at all times to do?
Sir, but for these claims having been absolved
and relinquished by us to France, they would
long since have been paid. England and Franco
were the great depredators on our commerce, and
England has paid us $10,000,000 for our mer-
chants for the wrongs which she committed.
France, too, would have paid us, but you relin-
quished your claims to France, and, of course,
took upon yourself her responsibility; and you
have not paid them yet. Now we ask not a set-
tlement, not payment to the last cent, which would
be but rigid and strict justice, but jo,000,000 for
the descendants of these starving creditors, the
merchants who ventured upon the ocean in the
midst of a stormy war, at the hazard of a capture,
under the glorious protection of this free Govern-
ment, and under the promise of General Wash-
ington himself that they should be protected, or
redress given them. They ventured abroad to
carry on the commcrce of this country on the
ocean, and they fell victims to their enterprise,
and victims to the confidence which they had in
their Government and in their President. Now
shall they not have redress ?
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am happy in-
deed that the difference between my friend from
Kentucky and myself as to what public or private
morality demands, is rather a difference of fact
than of the conclusion w hich we would reach from
