1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
asks me if I am desirous of carrying out all of
the recommendations of the Executive, I say, no;
that some of those recommendations I am not de-
sirous of carrying out.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. By what right, then,
does the gentleman from Missouri charge my
colleague with resisting the Administrationovhen
he, himself, claiming to be the friend of tffl Ad-
ministration, and as such placed at the head of the
CommitteS'of Ways and Means, stands here to
resist the recommendations of the President?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Well, sir, what
right has tHe gentleman upon my left [Mr. Mont-
gomery] to complain; repudiated, as he was, by
the Administration, on the Kansas question ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I was sustained by
my constituents.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
There is so great confusion in the Hall that it is
impossible to hear what is going on.
* The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will confine himself to the bill under con-
sideration; and the House will please preserve
order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to know whether it
is the intention of the gentleman from Missouri
to move the previous question when he shall
have concluded his remarks? If it is, then I want
an opportunity to say something m reply. I cer-
tainly claim the right from the House to reply to
remarks which might have been as well spared,
and certainly could not have come from a worse
quarter.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will yield to
my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means, for a few minutes.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Now, Mr. Speaker, I sub-
mit that it comes with a very bad grace fiom the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
occupying the position which he does in reference
to the recommendations ofjiie Administration to
read me a lecture on the subject of compliance
with the wishes of the Administration; and if
there is any interruption in the public business,
upon him be the responsibility, for what he has
done in the last ten minutes is it to be attributa-
ble. Am I to be scolded here, and told that I must
vote in accordance with the gentleman's wishes?
Must I vote for a bill because it comes from the
Committee of Ways and Means, framed in accord-
ance with the rules of the House, when, after it
has come from that committee, amendments have
been placed upon it which, as I believe, should
make it objectionable to the gentleman from Mis-
souri himself? Did not the gentleman from Mis-
souri, who professes now to be, par excellence, the
friend of the Administration, and wants to exclude
everybody else—and I am willing he should ex-
clude me from that category, if he is in it—did not
he wish the bill changed by amendments placed
upon it?
Now, sir, I hear to-day, for the first time, that
my appointment on the Committee of Ways and
Means was due to the interference of the gentle-
man from Missouri. I supposed, Mr. Speaker,
that my appointment on that committee had come
from you alone. But, if it was at the instance of
the gentleman from Missouri, with the expecta-
tion that I should follow his dictation in the votes
I am to give in this House, I can assure him that
he made a great mistake. I act upon this floor
acknowledging no responsibility to any one,
except to my constituents. I have voted here
steadily for the reduction of th* expenditures of
the Government. 1 challenge the gentleman to
point to one vote which I have given that has not
been on the side of economy. Can the gentleman
from Missouri say as much >
Now, Mr. Chairman, if I am expected to follow
the dictates of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, simply because I hold a plate
on that committee, then the sooner I yield my
place on that committee the better. I shall cer-
tainly sooner resign my place there, than surren-
der my manhood here. I have voted upon this
bill, and upon other bills, in accordance with my
own opinions of my duty; and 1 shall continue
so to vote, with a proper leference to the allowed
embarrassment of the country, and in reference to
the embarrassment of the public business. Lot
the gentleman take his proper share.
Mr. PHELIV?, of Missouri. Can the gentle-
man point to any objectionable feature of tlus
appropriation bill'
Mr. PHILLIPS, i deny the gentleman's right
to catechize me.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Can the gentle-
man lay his finger upon a single clause in this
bill which is objectionable ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Yes, sir, I could.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Name* it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will not consent to be thus
questioned* by the gentleman from Missouri: He
must take the fact upon my word. I voted against
the bill, because I thought it ought not to pass;
and if it comes up again in the same shape^ I will
vote again the same way; and probably I will
vote against it in any shape, until I can see and
know where the money is to come from. I am
not to be told here how to vote. Least of all am
I-to be told how to vote by a gentleman who
failed to carry a bill through, as he expected, on
party drill; by a gentleman who undertakes, pub-
licly, to lecture one who, as he says, once be-
longed to his party, but has no right longer 'to
belong to it?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. When I made
use of that remark, I referred to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania sitting nearer to me than my
colleague upon the committee.
Mr. PHILLIPS. A word or two morn. I
want the gentleman from Missouri to understand
now and henceforward—and it is only a short
week he will be troubled with me—that I shall
vote just as I think right, without reference to his
wishes or views, without reference to his action,
and without any attempt to relieve him from the
responsibility which, in my judgment, he has very
much increased m this matter.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Let me say a word.
Mr. PLIELPS, of Missouri. One at a time.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It is one at a time,
now.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am willing to
take all the impossibility resting upon me. If
the gentleman from Pennsylvania supposed, when
I referred to his being placed upon the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that I had any agency
in making any suggestion to the Presiding Officer
to place mm upon that committee, then he mis-
takes what I said. I said that he was placed there
in accordance with the wishes and the earnest
solicitation of the friends of the Administration.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Who were they?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Idonotmeanto
say, Mr. Speaker, that you, in your judgment,
were biased or warped in this matter. 1 mean to
say this: that in exercising the appointing power,
you exercised it discreetly. You had suggestions
made to you, as has been customary with Presid-
ing Officers of the House, in reference to proper
persons to be put on important committees. When
this session commenced, Slid before the appoint-
ment of committees, rumor said that the friends
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who is a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
urged his appointment, as a member of that com-
mittee, strongly upon the Speaker. That is the
matter to which 1 referred. That rumor was cur-
rent in this city. It was current in every quarter
that there was a strong solicitation to the Speaker
to appoint some gentleman from the State ofPenn-
sylvania, and I believe the Speaker deemed it to
be due to that State that it should have some
member on the Committee of Ways and Means;
so I believe it was considered due that the State
of New York should have a member of that com-
mittee as it had at the previous session.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to the subject-mat-
ter under consideration. We have before us a
bill making appropriations for the support of the
i Post Office Department for the ensuing year, ^t
i provides for the transportation of the mail, the
' payment of salaries to postmasters, clerks in the
i Department, and for all the other contingent ex-
1 penscs of the Department. That bill underwent
' the revision of the committee of Ways and
' Moans, and that committee instructed that it
! should be reported to the House in the shape in
■ which it was printed. The Committee of the
\yh ole on the state of the Union considered its
i various items, one by one. Was any amendment
■ proposed by my colleague on the Committee of I
: Ways and Means to reduce any single item of :
| expenditure? Did he propose to strike off any j
i portion of the $12,000,000 which is proposed to i
1 be appropriated for the transportation of the mails
, for next year? Not an amendment was submitted
in committee, not an amendment was submitted
in this House, to reduce that appropriation of
twelve million dollars and upwards. There was
no amendment moved in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the (Jnion, and carried, ex-
cept one, made, I believe, at the instance of the
gentleman from New York, reducing the item
$20,000. That amendment was agreed to by the
House. There was an amendment movpd by
myself, which provided for drawing from the
Treasury so much as the revenues of the Post
Office Department might fail to supply in pursu-
ance of the appropriation contained in the first
section of the act. There was no objection in the
Committee of the Whole to that amendment. No
one spoke in opposition to it. Hlhen we came
into the Pious®, that amendment was read two
or three times. The yeas and nays, not even
tellers, could be ordered. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] demanded the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered. Tellers were
asked for; and they were not ordered. In fact,
there was no division in the House on the adop-
tion of that amendment. Where is there any-
thing objectionable in that bill? I ask my col-
league to pointit out. He says that hecannotbe
catechized. I do not set myself up here to induce
any person pursue a course which I may think
is my path of duty, except by persuasion. I call
upon this House to bear witness if I ever at-
tempted to drive anything through; whether I
ever attempted to coerce any gentleman upon this
floor; whether I attempted to bribe any man, here
or elsewhere.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In this connection I should
like to ask, what was the gentleman's view when
he undertook to give me this public lecture to-day?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There have been
rumors and declarations made upon this floor that
there were fifteen Democrats from the State of
Pennsylvania who would henceforward vote for
no appropriation bill. Such rumors have been cir-
culated, and they have reached my ear.
Mr. REILLY. So far as that declaration con-
cerns me, it is untrue.
Mr. PHILLIPS. There never was any such
meeting and declaration of the Pennsylvania
members.
Mr. BRANCH. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I understood the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to say, a few moments
since, that there was an amendment placed on this
bill that was a censure upon the Administration.
I desire to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
if he means the amendment moved by myself?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Certainly not. I will explain.
The gentleman from Missouri arraigned me as
opposing the wishes of the Administration. It
would be immaterial to me if I did, if, in doing
so, 1 thought I was right. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] moved an amendment in
reference to the overland mail route. He did not
hesitate to avow that it was an indirect censure
upon the Administration.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am ready to
answer that question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In regard to the amendment
of the gentleman from North Carolina, which
extended appropriations, I will say that I voted
for it, and I voted for it because I thought, and
still think, it was proper the appropriations ought
to be extended; that we are neither beggared nor
bankrupt. I think that we are able to pay the
money.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand, then, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to say that he did not
refer to my amendment as a censure upoa the
Administration. w
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have so said, unequivo-
cally. I voted for it. 1 do not know whether it
was a censure or not. I can see none in it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
to which the gentleman referred was moved by
my colleague.
Mr. RITCHIE. I suppose the difficulty in
finding out whether the Administration is cen-
sured is in the fact that it is hard to tell which is
the Administration, the President or the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot permit
fuither interruption. I have this to say, and I
1 desire to say it at this moment. The gentleman
I from Pennsylvania refers to an attempt to censure
! the Administration, contained in a clause in this
