284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the same state of facts. My estimation of him is
so high,, that I should be pained to arrive at an
opposite conclusion as to what virtue and manli-
ness demanded, if we had first agreed upon the
state of facts; and therefore I do not rise to reply
to his argument, for facts do not admit of an ar-
gument, but simply to show the authority on
which I rest the position I have taken, and I think
thereby to prove that his position is untenable.
His main point is that we have renounced these
claims for a valuable consideration, and that the
means by which we did renounce them, was the
retrenchment of the second article of the.conven-
tion of 1800. What did the second article pro-
pose to do ? Did it, as he says, propose to admit
the claims of American citizens for indemnity?
Would it, as he says, if it had remained in the
convention, have secured to them the payment of !
the money by France r Let history answer; and '
when history is hushed, let Jhe second article
itself speak. Not a word isitere about the ad-
mission of claims; not a word hereabout the pay-
ment of claims. It is simply this:
"The Ministers Plempotenti.uy of the two parties not
being al)le to agree at present respecting ilic treaty of alli-
ance of 6th Februaiy, 1778*the treaty of amity and com-
merce of the same date, and the convention ot 14th of No- ■
rember, 1788, nor upon the indemnities mutually duo or j
claimed"-- '
They do what ? j
—" the parties will negotiate further on these subject* at >
a convenient tune ; and until they may have agiced upon '
these points, the said treaties and convention shall have no
opeiation, and the relations ot the two countucs shall be
regulated as follows." j
What did this give to the creditor? Nothing!
•butthe poor promise of his claim being considered
at a convenient season—that doubtful period both j
in temporal and spiritual affairs. On the other :
hand what. did. it assert against the United States?
A right at tome future day to discuss with us the
revival of treaties which we had swept out of ex- |
istence. Hut it is said that the amendment of the
Senate by which thin niticlo was stricken from j
the convention of 1800, constitutes the renuncin- 1
tion of the claims of American eiti?"ns. Let us ;
see how that is. The Senate ratified this con-
vention, two thirds concurring, "provided the
second article be expunged and the following
article added or inserted: 4 it is agreed that the,
present convention shall be in force for the tetm
of eight yeais from tho exchange of the ratifica-
tions.How did this ulll'Ct the claimants 2 In-
stead of their ease being considered at a conve-
nient season, it was required to be considered ,
within eight years, or this convention of amity
and commerce was to terminate it was a means :
of driving France iotwmd u> a coi'sidetauon
of their pretensions and claims, whatever they :
might be; not a renunciation of them. Then
again, as to the ratification of this treaty by the
First Consul. lie agreed to it with this amend- ;
mcnt: • ;
'• Provided, That hy this reticnebment the two State's
renounce the respective picieiiMons which aie the object
of the said article."
Then the President sent this special ratification
of the First Consul to the Senate, with a message:
December 11, 1801.
Gentlemen of the Senate: Emly in the lasi month
I received the ratification, hy the Fn-t Consul of Fiance, ,
of the convention between the United States and that na 1
tion. His unification not being pun; and simple, in the oi-
tUnmy form, I have thought it my duty, m oidei to avoid
ah misconceptions !o a<dv second advice and consent of the
►Senate beloie I give it the last junction, bv pioclaimmg it
to he a law of the land. Til. JEFFERSON.
This is the' message of Mr Jefferson. Was
Mr, Jefferson willing to renounce the pretentions
of American citizens—this sacred right so elo- ;
quently advocated this morning? Surely that will i
not be alleged. The very argument of the Sena- ;
tor precludes him from alleging it. Then how •
did the Satiate treat it? Not as a renunciation of
pretensions which had been set up by our Gov- ;
ernment for private right; not as a modification of
the treaty winch required it to be considered and
ratified; and surely it would have done so if it was
to violate private rights and involve the Govern-
ment in heavy obligations; but they returned it
to the President with this resolution:
"Resolved, That the Senate (two third-, of the members
pre?ont eoiieurnng thcrum) consider the convention be- •
tween the United States and the Fiencii Republic as fully
ratified." :
Thatis, this proviso ofthe First Consul required
-no actioa on the part of our Government. Then :
follows the whole history of the transaction, show-
ing that, from time to time, at every consecutive
step, we were urging these claims to a settlement
upon France, and that they were the subject of
future negotiations. ' , .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask him
what evidence he has th^f these specific claims
for spoliations were ever urged by our Govern-
ment on France after that period?,
Mr. DAVIS. I speak of claims for spoliations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, what evidence has
the Senator that the claims for spoliations, prior
to 1800, were urged upon France after that period ?
Mr. DAVIS. The evidence is to be found in
the instructions of the commissioners who nego-
tiated the convention of 1803, in the journal of
their intercourse with the Ministers of France,
urging it from point to point, and from time to
time, their efforts being obstructed by the old
treaties being constantly presented then as before.
You will find it in the Journals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not be drawn from my
argument by the question of the Senator just now.
I will attend to him when his time comes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not design to draw
the Senator from his line of argument. I merely
asked for information.
I Mr. DAVIS. Following my own line of argu-
! ment, which I prefet to that suggested to me. In
' 1803, when we acquired Louisiana, we It&d also
I a convention refci i ing specifically to tho claims of
citizuns of the United States against the French
Government, appended to the convention for the
acquisition of the territory. In that, so far from
its being understood at that time, or at any other,
that we would renounce these claims, you find in
the preamble the declaration:
" Hcing de-woiH, in compliance witli tho second and fifth
sections ot the convention ot tin; 6th Vendemiaire, ninth
year ofthe Fieneh Republic, (39ih Septemboi, 1800.) to-se-
ciite the payment oi the sum due by France to the citizens
ot the United States."
Therfc, instead of its being regarded that we
had abandoned all the claim.? considered in the
second article of the convention of 1800, it is spe-
cifically announced us one of the things which
they were desuous to adjust. Perhaps the Sen -
; ntor will think that was paying no attention to
, them. „ ,
| Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will look
; to the treaty, he will sec how it war> disposed of.
| Mr. DAViS. This is it: •
! a Art. 4. It w (•spicily agiced, that 4he preceding arti-
j cles Mia 11 e<unpi eliend no debts but sudi a- aie due to citi
| zens of the United s>tatc<, who have been, and ate yet,
j eieditm- of Fiance, loi supplies, foi eiubaigocs, and pnzes
; made :it ^en, m which the appctil has been propeily lodged
! within the tunc mentioned in the said convention, 8th
; Vendetniaiie, ninth jear. ( ?t)tli September l^UO )
i " Art f> The preceding ai ticle^ -h.ill apply only, I^t, t<>
i eapluie-. of winch the council of prize-, shall have oiden d
! re.-utntioii, it hems well mider--iood th.it flic claimant cannot
' have lecom «e 10 the United States othoiw^e than he might
1 have had to the Government of the Fiowh Republic, and
1 only in cat e ol in-tilficieney ofthe captor; 2d, the debt- men
| turned in the r-aid liitli aiticle of the convention contracted
[ bciore the 8th Wndeimaiie,an. 9. (30th of Septeinbci, 18(H).)
I the payment ot winch has been heretofore claimed of the
I actual Government ol Fiance, and for which the cieditoi*.
I have a i i^lit to the protect ion ofthe United State-; the -aid
' fifth .u'tielc doo* not comprehend pn/.e who-e condemna
| tion ha- been or shall he contained ; it is tin-expressinteri-
5 tion of the contiactm? panics not to extend the benefit of
! the piCv-etn convention to h-i Initiations oi'AmeucdU citi-
'< zens who -h.it! have established house* of commerce in
' France, England, or othci countries than the United .State-.
I m p'litncr-hip with loieisnci-, and who, by that reason and
'• tho natnic ot then commerce, omrht to lie icgurded as domi-
ciliated in the places where -ach hou-cs exist."
This article shows that the class of cases not
provided for, were those where the parties had
connccted themselves with foreign merchants.
Then it goes on:
" AH a«*i cements and baigainmg concei miigmetehandi-e,
winch Khali not lie the piopcrtv ot Amcucon ciuzens, aie
equally excepted fioin the benefit ot the -aid convention,
f.'ivnis, however, to such pei&on- their chums m tike rri in-
ner as if this treaty had not been made."
Again:
"The rejection of any claim shall have no other effect
than to exempt the United States from the payment of it,
the Fu'iieh Government leservmg to it-eif the light to de-
cide definitively on >uch claim so fai as it concerns itself."
Again:
" Art. 12. In case of claims for debts contractcd by the
Government of France with citizens of the United States
sinco the 8th Vandetmaire, ninth year, (00th September,
1800,) not being comprised m this convention, may be pur-
sued, and the payments demanded in the same manner as
if it had not been made."
Will the Senator say this is a.renunciation of
Ameiican claims? Will he say this was an aban-
donment of them, or that this was an assumption
of them ? Will either one or the other be said?
Again, my friend from Kentucky, who urges,
with fiis usual zeal and eloquence, this case, pleads
the entire insufficiency of the amount reserved in
the convention of 1803. Mr. Livingston, on July
30, 1803, writing to the Secretary of State, Mr.
Madison, says:
"Mr. Skipwith still thinks that the American debt will
fall much within the twenty million for which we have en-
gaged, and all the fair cieditoi^ be fully satisfied : the sup-
posed debt being extremely exaggerated in America. Other
nation*, cieditors of France, have, at present, no prospeet
of being paid."
They regarded it then as an adequate provision.
Again, Mr. Madison, writing to Mr. Livingston
as late as January 31, 1804, says:
" Should Fiance, however, be unlikely to^iRlmit her re-
sponsibility for the pretermitted claims, and there be danger
that, by urging her responsibility at this time, an equitable
modification of any soit may be rendered more difficult, it
will be best to pass over the question for the present, taking
caie that no waiver be made which may either still further
weaken the chmn  against Fiance, or give color for turning
thorn over ag.imst the United States." * * * *
"Neither of tho succeeding alternatives will increase the
balance payable by Fiance, nor i* it contemplated that m
thoe, oi any other modifications whatevei, the Trea%ury
ol the United State-, is to be made chaigeable with more
than $3.7oO,O0U; or rather, with more than so much of'
that sum as would satisfy the debts to which it is subjected
by the last convention."
This is the only place where I find him to re-
fer.to tho fifth article. But it is found that in the
convention of 1803, both in its preamble and fifth
article, it does enlarge tho class of cases to be con-
sidered under it, and that new class of claimants
did come up not provided for in the convention of
1800. Such ap-penrs to be the fact.
Then, again, in the instructions which were
given in opening this correspondence, the first
point in the instructions was:
"At the opening of the nesimi.ition, you will inform the
French Mmis?ei< that the United "States cxpect from
France, as an indispensable condition ofthe treaty, a stip-
ulation to make to the citizens of the United States full
compensation (or all losses and damages which they shall
h ivo fti-tamed, by reason of irregular and illegal captures
or condemnation of their vessels and other property, under
color of authontv or commission^ from the French Repub-
lic or its agents."
That was the position of our Government.
That they did not get all which I would myself
believe to be just; that they did not get all which
our Government, at that tiiiie, contended for, is
true; if, as I believe, it was a violation of the law
of nations, as well ns a violation of the treaties
with France, to seize an enemy's property when
on board a neutral vessel. They got, however,
as much as by diligent and energetic application
they could obtain. This is my answer to all alle-
gations made that we have sunendered something
which Fiance was willing to sjive.
The Senator from Kentucky, however, says
that history tells nothing of tho war of which I
spoke; itis a thing unknown heretofore. As I am
not willing yet to be classed among those who
make war on private account, I think it neces-
sary to refer to some evidence that it has been
heard of before I made my poor remprks this
morning. In the journal of the negotiators, it
appears that, on the 12th of September, 1800, tile
P  tsiden t of the French com mission used such lan-
guage as this:
'•It the Government should think proper to instruct them
to make a neaty on the lus-;-: of indemnities and a modified
H'newal o! the o!d treaties, he would lesign sooner than
s','h such atreat\ ; adding that, if tho question could be de-
trimmed hy an mdifiuient nation, he was sati.-fied siich a
tiibuual would bay that the piesent state of things was war
on the f-ide of America, and that no indemnities could be
einnned."
Then our own commissioners, giving as a rea- -
son why they did not still further press these
pretensions, say:
"The American Minister* bein? now convinccd that the
door was perfectly closed against all hope of obtaining in-
demnities"—
Not that they had abandoned the claims of
American citizens when the French Government
was willing to pay them, and wanted an oppor-
tunity to do justice; but they say:
" Convinced that the dour was peifectly closed against
all hope of obtaining indemnities, or any modification of the
treaties"—
