IM8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
I hope the demand for the previous question will
be voted down.
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order ?
The-SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
- Mr. VANCE. I rise to a privileged question,
il'ifiove to reconsider the vote by which the first
-amendment reported from the Committee%f-the
Whole on the state of the Union was rejected, as
•that seems to be the amendment upon which the
principal objection to the bill arises. I will say
•thatl am opposed to that amendment. I voted
against it when the question was taken, and I shall
vote the same way when the question is taken
•again; but, for the purpose of giving the House
another opportunity to vote upon it, I make the
motion to reconsider.
'Mr. CRAWFORD. I submit that the gentle-
man's motion cannot be entertained while the
^previous question is pending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
^Carolina has the rightto have his motion entered,
fit'cannot, of course, be acted upon at this time.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
from Missouri that it would be better to allow that
amendment to come in, rather than to have a con-
test upon the previous question; for we on this
side of the House will resist the seconding of the
demand for the previous question, unless we can
have a vote upon that morion.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist that the rules shall
be enforced. The demand for the previous qucs-
tion'is pending, and no debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the previous
question is sustained, when the vote shall have
been taken on the motion to rcconsider, will not
the previous question then have exhausted itself?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. And the vote
may then be taken upon the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina,JMr. Vance.1
The SPEAKER. It
Mr. STANTON. Will not the previous ques-
tion extend to the engrossment of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. STANTON. Then I have no objection
to it. I was acting under a misunderstanding.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Several gentle-
men seem to have misunderstood thecoui se which
was to havobeen pursued upon this motion, and
I will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion for the purpose of making a single remark in
reference to it. When I called up the motion to re-
consider this morning, it was not my intention that
the bill should be finally disposed of to-day; and
several gentlemen, who are my friends, regard
that as a pledge that the vote shall not be taken.
I have no wish to be considered as not acting in
good faith-, and I therefore hope the motion will
go over until to-morrow, with the understanding
that it shall come up the first thing in the morn-
ing. I propose, therefore, to move that the rules
bo suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of going on with the
consideration of the naval approptiation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that mo-
tion is in order, and will take precedence of the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Do I understand that
the motion of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Vance] has been entered?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Did thegentleman from
North Carolina vote on the prevailing side?
The SPEAKER. He did.
REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. NICHOLS. Before the question is put
on the motion of the gentleman from Missouri, I
desire to submit a report from the selccf commit-
tee appointed under resolution of the 18th of this
month. I make the report, accompanied by the
testimony, simply for the purpose of having it
printed, saymg, at the same time, that I propose
to call it up for action to-morrow.
The report was received; and ordered to be
printed, with the accompanying testimony.
The question recurred on the motion to suspend
the rules, and go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw his motion, to enable me
to ask the House to allow me to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question would still be pending, if the gentleman
from Missouri should withdraw his motion.
SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Smithsonian Institution; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ENGLISH submitted a- motion to print
the usual number of extra copies; which, under
the rule, was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a joint resolution of the
City Council of the city of Washington, protest-
ing against the passage of a bill now before Con-
gress conferring additional privileges upon the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHICKASAW FUND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in reference to the
Chickasaw fund, required under the act of 30th
April, 1836; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
INDIANA FIVE PER CENT. FUND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of the present session, calling
for a statement of the amount and disposition of
the Indiana five per cent, fund; which was laid
on the table, and ordered ttf be printed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. '
The question again recurring on the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, the motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 712) making appropriation for the naval
service for the year oncling June 30, 1860.
The CHAIRMAN. The general debate on
the bill has been closed.*
Mr. BRYAN. I desire to make a personal
explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will have
that privilege by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How long?
Mr. BRYAN. Not more than two or three
minutes. In the Globe of day before yesterday,
containing the discussion upon the Army bill,
after some remarks made by myself, m which I
alluded to the defenseless condition of Texas upon
the sea-coast, and upon her interior frontier; the
report is as follows:
" Mr. Kir,core. I would like to know from tlie gentle-
mo n iioni Te.\as where he will £0 when he leaves the
Um on? |
"Mr. Kfaoan. Where we once stood—tinder the lone
st.n ; and when we go we will take with us the whole of
the (rult States, it not die whole South.
I ask my colleague whether this is his lan-
guage, and whether these are his sentiments?
Mr. REAGAN. That I understand to have
been the answer made by my colleague, and not
by myself. I did not participate in the discus-
sion.
Mr. BRYAN. Does my colleague indorse
these sentiments?
Mr. REAGAN. It is not necessary for me^
go further than to say that that was jiis expres-
sion. It is simply a mistake of the reporter in
attributing it to me.
Mr. BRYAN. My colleague evades saying
whether he indorses that expression. If these
are his sentiments, I was willing to let it go; as
it had been before the House for two days, and
not corrected. 1 wish to place myself upon the
record. These are my sentiments, and 1 stand
by them.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to strike
out these words:
u For increase, repair, armament, and equipment of the
Navy, including the \year and tear of vessels in commission,
fuel for steamers, and purchase of liemp for the Navy.
$3,100,000." *
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the mode pre-
scribed by law for other materials, and for the transportation
thereof, $600,000.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials for the
Navy, $300,000.
For the repair, armament, and equipment of vessels,
$1,000,000.
Provided, That not more than $1,000 shall be expended
in any navy-yard in the repair of any vessel, until the ne-
cessity of such repair and the probable cost thereof are as-
certained by the report of aboard of not less than three
officers of the Na\ty.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
amendment be again read. I did not hear it; and
it strikes me that it may be general legislation,
and therefore out of order.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, a
general desire has been expressed, on all sides of
the House, to reduce the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. I believe that this sentiment is cordially
entertained by a large majority of this House, t
now propose a practical reduction in one branch
of expenditure, which, I think, may be carried
into effect, without impairing the public service.
I wish to state, that under the bureau of con-
struction, equipment, and repairs, over $3,000,000
are now expended. The late committee on naval
contracts and expenditures examined thoroughly
this item of expenditure. It is a remarkable fact,
that in this #3,000,000, embraced in a single item
in this appropriation bill, there are forty or fifty
distinct items. There are embraced contracts and
purchases of various kinds—both upon sealed
proposals and open purchases. All kinds of ex-
penditures that relate to the equipment and arm-
ament of the Navy, are, without limit or specifi-
cation, included in one item of appropriation. It
seems to me, that the great objection to the clause
reported by the Committee ofWays and Means
is, that it is too general and indefinite. There is
no specific appropriation about it; and when we
come to investigate into the items which go to
make up this sum, the aggregate of the item can
be reduced $1,200,000.
As I have but five minutes to speak on this im-
portant amendment, I desire to direct the atten-
tion of the committee to the items embraced in it.
I propose to appropriate $600,000 for the purchase
of fuel for the Navy. Mr. Lenthall testifies that
last year, something over fifty-five thousand tons
were purchased, at an average cost of fifteen dol-
lars per ton, and that for the next year not so
much will be needed. I take the estimate of forty
thousand tons, at fifteen dollars a ton, although I
think fifteen dollars a ton is much too high, and
that, by proper contracts of purchase and trans-
portation, much of this could be saved. That
will make $600,000. Hitherto, coal has been
purchased through an agency at Philadelphia;
and the reports of the minority and majority of
the committee express the belief that there have
been gross frauds m this coal agency, and that it
ought to be abolished. This amendment will in-
stitute a reform in the purchase of coal, by taking
from the Secretary of the Navy his present dis-
cretionary power, and require him to purchase
coal, as other materials, for the Navy. It will
also make the appropriation for coal specific, in-
stead of being buried up in a general appiopria-
tion for repair and equipment of vessels. Under
the present system, live-oak and other timber for
the Navy are purchased at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Navy, and gross abuses have
arisen in the purchase of thos^ materials. I pro-
pose to make a specific appropriation of $300,000
for the purchase of those materials. I tfunk
that will be amply sufficient for the purpose, if
it is limited and restrained. 1 propose to allow
$1,000,000 for the repair of vessels. Here are the
most glaring abuses which have ever been brought
to my attention, connected with the administra-
tion of this Government. The Niagara, for
repairs, equipment, and armament, since this
Administration came into power, has cost this
Government over one million dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. The
gentleman says that Jl ,000,000has been expended
in the repair of the Niagara.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I said "for re-
pairs, equipment, and armament.99
