1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S09
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That makes a
wonderful difference. Why did it become neces-
sary to expend so much money on the Niagara?
Because, by an order of Congress, that vessel
was detailed to assist in laying the Atlantic
cablc. She could not be engaged in that service
with her ordinary armament or equipment as a
man-of-war. Temporary alterations became ne-
cessary to allow the cable to be stowed on board
the Niagara. Does the gentleman say that there
was any unnecessary expense incurred on that
occasion? The fault for the increased expense,
if any there be, must be attributed to Congress,
and not to the Navy Department.
But I desire now to come to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio. If I under-
stand that amendment, it proposes to specify the
items that go to make up this $3,100,000. It pro-
poses to appropriate, for hemp and other mate-
rials, poo,000.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. And that I believe
is amply sufficient.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. For coal, $600,000,
and for repairs, $1,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes; making a-re-
duction of $1,200,000 in that item. <
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to call
attention to the fact, that at this time we have,
and probably will have during the next fiscal
year, a larger number of steamers in the employ
of the Government than we have ever hitherto
had. This Congress directed the President to use
force, if necessary, in obtaining redress from, the
Government of Paraguay. Under the joint res-
olution, passed by Congress, vesting the Execu-
tive with that authority, a large expenditure of
money was incurred. That expenditure will not
cease with the expiration of this fiscal year. It
became necessary to charter a number of steam-
ers to carry men and supplies for this Paraguay
expedition; and additional expenditures on the
same account are expected during the ensuing fis-
cal year. The Department estimated $2,060,000 as
being necessary for repairs, equipments, stores,
wear and tear, &c., of the vessels engaged in the
service of the country. It estimated $840,000 as
being necessary for the purchase of coal and its
transportation to the places where it is to be de-
posited for the use of steamers of the Navy; and
estimated, for the purchase of hemp, $200,000.
Out of this appropriation for equipments, repairs,
and armament, much of the timber that is pro-
cured and stored in the navy-yards is paid for.
[Here the hammer fell.] I ask that a letter may
be read from Mr. Lenthall, the chief of the bu-
reau of equipments and repairs. The Committee
of Ways and Means, when the estimates were
submitted, desired further information on the sub-
ject, in hopes to reduce it, and, in reply to its in-
quiry, received the letter which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The letter was read, as follows:
Navy Department, Bureau of Construction, etc.,
January 8, 1859.
Sir: In compliance with your instructions, indorsed
on the letter of the4thmstant,fiom the honorable chairman
ot' the Committee of Ways and Means, it is respectfully
stated, it is impossible lo make a detailed estimate of The
amount required for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30,1860, for increase, repair, and equipment of the
Navy, as tins general estimate is predicated upon the ex-
penditures for previous yeais, and is presumed will not fall
bhort tins year from the usual average amount.
For the purchase of materials, for the repans at home,
the maintenance abioad, and the ttoies, both abioad and
at home, for nine srup-<-of-tli<'-line, ten fugues, twenty-two
bloops-of-wai, foui brigs, eight receiving and s,tor<i--lnp'j,
and thirtv-two sleam vessels, the estimate is $2,060,000.
The number of vepselspvliich it is supposed will require le-
|MSj& during the year 1859-00, ia increased beyond that for
the ypnr 1858-59, the estimate for which was $3,170,000;
and for the year ending June 30, 1858. was $*2,223,000.
This increase m number is in new steam vessels; and, un-
less from some unrbiescpn accident, it is supposed that
their repairs will be small, whilst those of the older ships
will be more costly than heietofore; but, on the whole, it
will be seen, the gioss amount has been reduced. The spe-
cial appropriation for the construction of new vessels ap-
plies only to their first cost,and not to then subsequent
maintenance, which is piovided tor m the usual annual
estimates.
It is not practicable to give the exact cost of each ves-
sel ; it being impossible to know what the condition may be
of many of those at sea, but which will require lepaus on
their return ; tor often, whilst in hand, it is lound that much
more work has to be done to them than was contemplated
when their repairs were commenced. The cost of the re-
pairs ot some of the sailing fixates} has varied liom seventy
to two hundred thousand dollais, and of the s>loops-of-war
fiom foity to oae bundled thousand dollars—depending on
the age of the vessel. In steam vessels, the amount is
much greater than in sailing vessele, from their more rapid
deterioration, and the additional wear and tear of machine-
ry. The estimate has been based upon the average ex-
penditures in pievious years, having been reduced as low
as possible; and anything less, it is thought, would embar-
rass the Department. For several years past, the appropri-
ation has been just sufficient, and it has not b§en found
necessary to have any deficiency bill.
With regard to fuel for steamers, estimating those in ac-
tual service to be under steam about one fourth of their
tune, the consumption of coal will be fifty-six thousand
tons; which, at iifteen dollars per ton, amounts to $840,000,
including cost of coal, freight, lighterage, and storage; and
from the increasing rates of freight, the average cost may
even be higher.
The estimate for hemp is for eight hundred tons, at$250
per ton, amounting to $200,000. The American hemp costs
$312 per ton.
The estimate for the bureau of construction will stand
thus:
For repairs, equipment, stores, and wear and tear, the sum
of $2,060,000
For coal for steamers  840,000
For hemp       200,000
Amountingin all to.. ..$3,100,000
for the scrvicc of the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1860.
This amount does not include armament of any kind, that
being a separate estimate from the bureau of ordnance and
hydrography.
The letter of the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means is herewith returned.
With very great respect, I am, sir, your most obedient
servant, JOHN LENTHALL,
Chief of the Bureau.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by
striking out the word fi one" and inserting the
word " two," so as to make it $2,000,000.
The estimates were submitted by the Navy De-
partment under this general head, in pursuance
of the act of 1840, which declared that a general
estimate should be submitted, embracing equip-
ments, armament, and repairs for the Navy.
The estimate, therefore, was submitted in pur-
suance of the act of 1840, which requires the es-
timates for the increase of the Navy, repairs^
&.c., to be submitted under such a heading. We
have, at this time, a large increase of the naval
force. There is a probability that this naval force
will be abroad during the nextfiscal year, except
such portion of it as may be brought home for
the purpose of repair, and some repairs will have
to be made abroad upon our men-of-war. I ad-
mit that it is an impossibility for any person to
tell the amount of money that will be needed to
repair any of our vessels which arc afloat. No
ship builder can tell you the exact amount it will
take to repairavessel,untilithasbeen thoroughly
overhauled and examined, and the timbers of its
hull have been bored and pierced, to discover if
they are rotten or defective. Until that is done,
you can make nothing but aconjcctural estimate.
1 submit to the committee, that in the present pos-
ture of affairs in this country, we must take care
that we do not cripplc the Navy during the ensu-
ing fiscal year. There maybe employment for
our fleets not only in Paraguay, but m the Gulf
of Mexico, in the American sea, in the sea which
belongs to us, and which we will control. I say
then, to gentlemen who profess to be economists
upon this floor, beware how you attempt to at-
tack the estimates submitted for the support and
maintenance of your Navy, in the present criti-
cal position of affairs. Over that sea we must ex-
ercise control; we will exercise control over it;
and we ought to keep our Navy in such a posi-
tion that at any moment it may be sent there to
assert the rights of this country, and to redress
any wrong which may be done to us.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether
his committee concurs in the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. fioCOCK. No, sir; the gentleman from
O^io has submitted the amendment on his own
responsibility.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I certainly did not
claim to be the organ of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in offering this amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am aware of that; but
I simply wanted to know if the committee con-
curred in the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
occupying the position which I do as a member
of the Republican party, I might fairly say to
gentlemen on the other side, pile on the appro-
priations as much as you choose; you have the
responsibility of the Government. But I deem
it my duty, as a member of this House, to endeav-
or to check, if I can, the growing extravagance
of this Administration or of th;s Government, I i
do not care which. I therefore make this prop-
osition on my own account. The law quoted py
the gentleman from Missouri, requires Mr. Len-
thall to make a detailed estimate of tfye expendi-
tures of his bureau; and the only estimate
has been submitted to us is the .amount in gross.
1 asked him for the items which composed this
enormous amount of $3,100,000. I ftsked
Lenthall where the items were, and -it was only
after long inquiry that I could ascertain what
were the component items of this large st*m. I
found, then, that coal was buried up in this item.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man allow me to cite him to the act of Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am familiar with
the act
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the act of
1840?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes; I am famil-
iar with that act. It requires an estimate of cer-
tain materials and matters coming under the gen-
eral head of "equipment, repairs," &c. But there
is no detailed estimate of these items. How much
-of this amount is for coal ? The gentleman can-
not tell us, from any published document, how
much is for coal, how much is for live oak, how
much is for hemp. A letter is now produced,
which is not in the published estimates, or in any
of the official documents, just at the heel of the
session, from a subordinate in one of the Depart-
ments; and we are expected to take his say so as
an official estimate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I know the gen-
tleman wants to be right. That letter was for-
warded to the Committee of Ways and Means by
the Secretary of the Navy. It was called forth
in reply to my inquiry, made some time ago. I
did not think it necessary to send to the Clerk's
desk, or have read, the communication of the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting the letter to
me.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Why was not the
letter, giving these items, printed in theestimates?
The law requires that detailed estimates shall be
laid upon our tables, at the beginning of every
session. And yet, here is an amount of over three
million dollars of which we have no items; <and I
would have had no information that would have
enabled me to form any opinion of its enormous
extravagances, but for the accident of the exist-
ence of the special committee. But, in that com-
mittee, these items were gone iwto; and there it
appeared that the $3,100,000 covered a vast mul-
titude of items, purchased in various ways, and
in the purchase of which gross abuses had oc-
curred.
I cannot, in the five minutes allowed me, refer
to the tables which I have before me. But I will
state that, in 1850, this item amounted to the sum
of #1,867,205 52; and m 1851, to |2,080,377 44.
Now, why is it that, in this short period, these ex-
penses have increased to over three million dol-
lars ? There is no reason for it—none whatever.
Nearly all the ships that now belong to the Gov-
ernment of the United States ought to be disman-
tled, and laid by in ordinary. They are worth
nothing for real service. Thpy are only fit to
carry our lieutenants and subalterns to the Med-
iterranean and elsewhere on pleasure excursions.
In case of a war, all these old vessels would be laid
aside, and the Government would be called upon
to build new ones. And if we allow$3,100,000,
we allow twice as much as ought to be expended
upon them; and, in my judgment, if $1,000,000
is expended, under the direction of boards of
. naval officers, it would go further, and do more
| for the Navy, than the $3,,000,000 proposed by the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. Chairman, I will not detain the committee
any longer. 1 desire a vote on my amendment.
I will simply say that J submit this proposition
in good faith, if gentlemen upon the other side
of the House choose to vote it down, well and '
good; they have the responsibility. I have per-
formed my duty, and I do not care what they do.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend that portion
of the bill which the gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses to strike out, by increasing the amount
|100,000.
Mr. Chairman, we have heard agood deal lately
of the necessity of making tlte.Po'stOffice Depart-
