1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
ment a self-sustaining institution, and I do not
know how long it will be before gentlemen will
insist that the Navy also shall be a self-sustaining
institution. Gentlemen complain of what they
call the enormous extravagance of the proposed
expenditures. I can only express my Surprise
that the Department has estimated, or that the
Committee of Ways and Means has been able to
reduce the estimates, to so low an amount as that
proposed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The amount is
higher than it ever was before.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly it is higher than it
ever was before; but how much? Only ยง250,000
higher than last year. The House will recollect
that it was only last year that Congress ordered
to be built thirteen or fifteen new steamships,
some of which have been launched, and all the
others are nearly ready to be launched, and will
be ready to be fitted up and supplied with their
armaments, within the next fiscal year, and for
which tins appropriation is, in part, designed. I
am, therefore, only surprised that the Department
should have so conducted its affairs as to be able
to get along with the amount of appropriation
which the Committee of Ways and Means have
reported in this bill. Does notthe gentleman from
Ohio know that this appropriation embraces the
cost of fitting up and supplying sails, machinery,
and other equipments ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman is
mistaken. There are special appropriations in the
bill for the<" purposes.
Mr. MILLSON". 1 say to the gentleman that
after the ship has once been finished, under the
original appropriation, all the cost necessary for
fitting up with sails and risking, equipment and
repairs, are included in these appropriations.
Does not the gentleman know that these new
ships, when they are put into the service, will re-
quire a very large amount of coal, requiring large
expenditures in addition to the amount.usually
appropriated for that purpose ? The gentleman
talks as if ships were to be built for the pur-pose
of keeping them at home. Why, sir, the officers
of the Navy may have good reason to complain
of the inconsistency of Congress. A year or two
ago, complaint was made that so many of the offi-
cers of the Navy remain at home, and had seen
so little sea service; the reply was, that Congress
would not be willing to appropriate money suffi-
cient to give th<fhi constant employment. Now
the complaint is that so many of them have been
sent to sea, and that they have not been kept at
home.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, because I
am in favor of the amount repotted originally by
the Committee of Ways and M^ans in this bill.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] m his remarks m opposition to this
appropriation, said, if I understood him correctly,
that there had been fraud in the purchase of this
coal, and that evidence of that fraud had been
given before his committee. Now, if such has
been the fact, and, they have evidence of it, why
should that lead to the reduction of the amount
of coal actually required for consumption by the
Navy? If there has been fraud in the purchase,
then change the plan of purchase; but do not re-
duce the amount.
Mr. Chairman, I have very great confidence in
John Lenthall, the head' of the bureau of con-
struction, equipment, and repairs. I know him
to be an exceedingly conscientious and econom-
ical man. He is, besides, a thoroughly experi-
enced and practical mechanic. From conver-
sations I have had with him, and observation, I
know that he requires that everything coming
under his charge shall be based upon the strictest
principles jf economy of expenditure; and I am
therefore satisfied that the amount estimated by
him is the least amount that can reasonably be
got along with. The gentleman refers to the fact
that armament and equipment are not deluded .
in the appropriation for repairs. Now, sir, I say
to the gentleman, that just so soon as the vessel
ordered is completed and repairs are required, it
comes under the purview or head of this appro- ;
pnation. Every dollar that is expended is charged
to the particular vessel for which it is expended.
The gentleman from Ohio proposes that, here-
after, before impairs are made on any vessel to
the amount of ยง1,000, it shall be submitted to a
commission of naval officers. Why naval offi-
cers? Why exclude from that commission the
most important man in the service for that pur-
pose, the naval constructor,the mastership-car-
penter, or some other worker in wood of the
navy-yard; the eminently competent and practical
man, and, of all others, best suited for the duty?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The naval con-
structor is a naval officer.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not consider him as
such within the meaning of his amendment, or
in the general acceptation of the word officer; and
he, more than any one else, is best qualified for
the inspection of ships to ascertain especially
whether they need repairs. But I take occasion
here to say, by way of parenthesis, that I have
no special objection, as far as this branch of the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio is con-
cerned, except that under the present regulation
just such a commission, as I understand it, is
already provided for by the rules and regulations
of the service and practice of the Department.
But, sir, if the gentleman wishes to bring about
reform, do not begin it by withholding the appro-
priations necessary to support the honor of the
American flag on the high seas, and to protect
our commerce now floating upon the rivers of
the world.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
has very aptly and properly said jhat, from the
indications which now appear in the waters of
the Gulf of Mexico, and in other quarters upon
the ocean, we may very soon require the exercise
of the entire power of the American Navy. In
my judgment, that day is not far distant, and I
hope this House will not strike down the efficiency
of the Navy, by cutting down these appropria-
tions to a point where it will be impossible to
maintain our Navy, very limited as its power
now is. Talk of economy, when the flag of our
country is draggling in dishonor, and spoliations
upon our commerce are made by every pretender
to power and fame. Out upon such mistaken
economy, say I, with all my heart.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by changing the amount to $1,100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish this matter to go
by without one voice from this side being raised
to second the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. Here, sir, are these items of construction
and repair, amounting, as reported in this bill, to
$3,100,000, for which no estimates are furnished
us m detail at all. For other departments of the
service, we have the items down to the prices of
carpets and of newspapers, and everything of the
kind; but here you have a single item of $3,100,000.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means now brings us a letter from a bureau in
the Navy Department, purporting to give the de-
tails. Sir, 1 find that in the year 1851-52, the ex-
penditures for this head were $2,200,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Thatis explained
by the difference between the number of steamers
then, and the increased number of steamers now.
Mr. GARNETT, I find that there was ap-
propriated in 1851 and 1852, $1,365,000; and for
the year 1852 and 1853, $1,365,000. Fifty per
cent, increase upon that amount would not make
the amount we have in this bill; it would not
amount to the $3,000,000 asked for under the
same item in this bill.
One word, Mr. Chairman, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Missouri and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I admit that the gentleman frgm
Pennsylvania and my colleague from Virginia,
representing as they do, navy-yards where this
money is to be spent, know more of the matter
than 1 do; but I observe that whenever a navy-
yard bill comes before the House, we have a panic
about a war. You recollect, when there was an
application to build new steamers, last session,
that we were told there was to be a war with
Great Britain immediately. Congress had not
adjourned before we knew the alarm had blown
over. And the President, in his message, tells us
that we are at peace with all the European nations.
I think this panic for war is nothing more nor
less than a panic for navy-yard expenditures. 1
believe that there has been a great deal of waste
in this matter of repairs. I have been told by
naval officers, in Whom I have confidence, that
there is no Government in the world that pays so
much as does ours for ornamental work. Look
at the French vessels; look at one of John Bull's
vessels, the Power which has the largest navy in
the world. Whilst they are in good order, and
ready for fighting, they have not the same amount
of paint and ornament. Besides that, sir, we have
reduced our cruises from three years to two years.
The best authorities in England, Sir Charles Na-
pier and other eminent admirals of the British
navy, say that, instead of three years being too
long, they would increase the time, with a view
to greater efficiency,and for the purpose of econo-
mizing expenditures. Every time a vessel re-
turns from a cruise, she is 'painted and repaired;
and by frequently carrying our vessels into the
yards, we require a large number of vessels t6
perform the sea service needed, and thus expend-
itures are in every way multiplied. Mr. Lenthall
tells us that the department will be embarrassed
if we do not appropriate this money. Now if he
means by embarrassment that it will strengthen
his department, and put them to the necessity of
economizing, I am for seeing his department em-
barrassed. I know this, that so long as we had.
a large surplus revenue in the Treasury, large ex-
penditures were inevitable, whatever party would,
be in power; for waste always accompanies plenty.
And on the other hand, if you want economy,
you must diminish revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FLORENCE. The chairman of Ways
and Means interpolated a remark in the speech of
the gentleman from Virginia, which renders fur-
ther comment upon his amendmentalmost unne-
cessary. He referred to the fact that the increase
in this item for equipment, repair, and armament,
was because of a large increase in the number of
our vessels of war. This is correct. Do gentlc-
tlcmen remember, since 1852, there has been
added to the Navy five large steam frigates, six
sloops-of-war, ana there are now building at the
different navy-yards in the country, and nearly
completed, eight or nine more' sloops-of-war, of
light draught, or gun-boats, as they have been
designated by some other persons? I think that
sufficiently explains to any.genfleman's mind,
who will permit a sound judgment to influence it,
the necessity for additional appropriation in thia
item of repair, equipment, and armament.
Mr. GARNETT. I understand the vessels are
not built yet.
Mr. FRORENCE. The Lancaster, and that
fleet of vessels, are ordered to befitted out, and will
be soon got ready for sea. The Lancaster is now
at the Philadelphia navy-yard; and within a day
or two, I hear orders have bean issued from the
Department to fit her out to test her sailing ca-
pacities and her machinery, as provided for in the
contract for her construction. Those six sloops
will necessarily consume a considerable amount
of this expenditure.
Now, Mr. Chairman, with reference to this
war-cry, to which the gentleman has referred, the
admonition of the Father of his Country was, that
in time of peace we should prepare for war.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want to inquire of the
gentleman if he is in favor of this bill, and will-
ing to vote for its passage ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I think I will. It is most
likely that I will. But the gentleman will be an-
swered when the vote is taken, and the record,
made. When members put a question to the
Chair, the reply sometimes is, that he will de-
cide the question when itcoffcesup; and the gen-
tleman will know how I will vote when the vote
is taken.
I have only to say, that I think I shall vote for
this bill, and certainly for every appropriation
bill that meets with the approbation of my judg-
ment. If tfie gentleman refers to my vote on these
appropriation bills, 1 will tell him, independently
of all other causes which he may think operated
upon my mind, that I voted against the Post Office
appropriation bill, because i consider it to be a
bill of iniquities and abominations.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that the Post Office appropriation
bill is not now under consideration.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought so. But I will
only make a reply to others. I seldom trouble
the House, as every member will bear attestation,
i 1 will probably vote for this naval appropriation
