185a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
a joint resolution, and I would ask if previous
notice has been given of its introduction?
Mr. HARRIS. No notice has been given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it relates
to a subject with which we have nothing to do;
and I therefore object.
Mr. ELAJiRIS. I give notice that I will intro-
duce it on the next resolution day.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. This, I believe, is
resolution day. At the suggestion of many mem-
bers of the House who; perhaps, expected the
announcement to-day of the death of Major Har-
ris, that announcement has been postponed in
consequence of their desire to attend to the busi-
ness properly pertaining to this day. I hope,
therefore, the motion c^the gentleman from Mis-
souri will not prevail. It seems to me that we
ought to have gome day in- which we can attend
to other business than that to which the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means desires our
attention. If we go into the Committee of the
Whole we shall do no business beyond the con-
sideration of appropriation bills.
The resolution to close debate upon the Indian
appropriation, bill was then agreed to.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the j^tolution was adopted;
and a)so moved to lay th?^iotion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. 4
The question rccurrcd on the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 98, noes 32.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself in to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 664) making appropriations for the current j
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart- |
ment, and "for fulfilling treaty stipulations with j
various Indian tribes, loi the year ending .Tunc j
30, 1860; the question being on the amendment ]
offered- by Mr. Sherman, of' Ohio, to strike out j
the following proviso: i
a Pi 0 sided, Tii it the sum of $111 .000; or eo much thereof
a= may be necessaiy, mav bo apphed m payment 01 LabiU-
tie* inclined dming the jeai ending COtli June. l&j'J."
And to insert in lieu of the words " $1G1,000"
the words " £50,00O."
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, asked for tellers 011
his amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffintost
and Biiyant were appointed.
The cornniiUecdivided; and the tellers repot ted
—ayes 7-1, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mi. BLAIR. I offer the following amendment
to come 111 as an additional section at the end of
the bill:
Jln3 fe it further enacted, Tlrat no part of the money
heiehy appiopiiatcd shall be u-ed foi the pureha-c ot
or ammunition, to he given or fimuslied to any or the In-
dians herein named.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order; that this is an attempt 10 ingiafton
an appropriation bill matters of general legisla-
tion, and is therefoie not in cudei.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cnasr is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is in order; for while the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
lias uniformly decided that it is not in order to
ingraft any principle of general legislation on an
appropriation bill, yet U has quite as uniformly
decided that any limitation consistent with the ,
general purpose of the bill, upon the money to be .
tixpended in the bill, is in order.
Mr. PliELPS, of Missouri. As the Chair has
decided this amendment to be in oider, I take no
exception to the policy which my colleague do- I
sues to establish. 1 have no fault to find wun it
except one. If lie wilt modify his amendment po
as to obviate that difficulty, I will not object to it. i
I Ixjiievo there are two or three treaties With dif-
ferent Indian tribes, by winch we have stipulated
to 2ive o uns to these 1 ndians. These were treaties
made sovenil years ago. I understand that the
Inrn-ior Depaitment has directed the guns to be
within id fiom the Indian tribe^while these tribes
were ni a state of hostility towards the people of
the United States. I think that that is a wise reg-
ulation. If we stipulated to make such presents
to the Indians, it was a bad stipulation; but still
we are bound to obey it as long as it remains on
the statute-book. Ifmy colleague makes thatmod-
ilication, I will have.no objection to his amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR. HowdOes the gentleman propose
to modify it?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I propose to mod-
ify it so that it shall not be construed to conflict
with, or to change or alter any treaty stipulations
now existing.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think it will have that
effect.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I propose the mod-
ification only out of abundant caution. As my '
colleague does not propose to reach these treaty j
stipulations, let him modify his amendment so j
as to make it read " unless when otherwise pro- j
vided,by treaties." j
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from j
Missouri consent to the modification ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir. |
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. !
Mr. PETTIT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill, as an ad-
ditional section:
Jind be it f urther enacted. That the amounts hereby ap-
propriated foi the payment of the Miamis of Kansas and
the Miamis of Indiana, shall ho paid m conformity to the
fiist proviso of the first amendment to the fourth aihcle of
the Senate amendments- to the ueaty with the Miami.-4,of
June 5,1831. and not otherwise. ,;
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let that pioviso ,
to the treaty be read so that we can understand !
this proposition.
Mr. PETTIT. That is just what I desire, t
wish to say, however, in the first place, that this
amendment is intended to operate 011 two clauses, ;
making appropriations for payment to the Mi- !
amis of Kansas and the Miam'is of Indiana. I !
I ask, then, that the proviso to the Miami treaty ,
! of June 5, 1851, which I have marked, may be
read from the Clerk's desk.
The proviso was read, as follows: ;
Provided, That no persons other tiian those embraced
1 in the coirected list agreed upon by the Miamis of J tidi-
: ana, in the presenceof the Commissioner of Indian Aftairs, j
j in June. 165-1, eoinpii-ing three hundred and two name-:, a<? ,
j Mtiinn Indians of Indiana, and the tncroano of the j';uni- I
: lies of peif-ons> embiaced m said coirected h-t, shall be the !
j recipients of the payment", annuities, commutation mone\s,
! and miou'pt hereby stipulated to be paid to th-* Miami Jn-
! dian^ of Indiana, unions othei ppisons shall be added to
1 t aid list by flie consent of the said Miami Indian^ ot 3ndi-
i ana. obtained in council accoidmg to the custom ot Miami ;
I tni-N; of Indian--."
! Mr. PETTIT. I now call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to the fact that the proviso which has just been
read, is a proviso that was appended by the Sen-
j ate to the treaty made with the Miami tribe ot In- ,
! dians, and by subsequent ratification, became_ a
| part of the treaty. It has, therefore, the dignity
| of a treaty stipulation, and is one. jXoihmg can
: be more clear and unequivocal. It is an engage- ,
ment of the Government that the annuities due
the Miamis of Indiana, after the 5th of June, JS54,
should be paid to particular persons, three hundred
j and two in number, and to no other persons. They
are identified by a conected list, then on file with
i the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, cotempora-
1 neons with the treaty, and by the very reference,
1 made apart of it. And to exclude any other con-
; s.'ruction, it was stipulated that 110 others should
i be added to the list, unless by the consent of the
: Miamis of Endiana, obtained m council according
i to the cusom of the tribe.
The thud section of the supplemental appro-
priation act for the Indian department, approved
June 12, 1S5S, and which, by its terms, is meant
to be a permanent rule, flagrantly violates this pro-
vision. f ask that the section may be read.
The Cleik read the extract, as follows:
'• Sec 3 Jl.id be it i.\t thcr cna 'c ?, Topi the kceretan 0;
the In'euoi be, and he is li^rcbv, authonztd and (hn-t'jX'd
to pa\ to . neh pen-on- of .Mumi Wood as lic.fe heroruiuie
been eveludcM no.n ilie annum'1* or' the tribe since the_ie-
inoval o: lli" Miamis in leib, and miico the tieatv or l£j4,
and who^ names are not included m the supplement to
said treatv, ibmr piwportioji ot' the trilm! annuities from
wnich fhev have be,-11 excluded ; and he w authorised and ■
directed to cmol such pet<oiis upon the pay li<t ot said
tribe, and cau>e then annuities to bi paid io t 'irm m luuii e :
Proudcd, That ths foregomcr payment* '•b.tli he in full of
all claims for annuities ariain?outor previous tteaties. And
said Secretary also autliorized and directed to cau?e to
be located tor suchpcisonseaeh two huudiedaeies of land
out of the tract of seventy thousand acres reserved by the
second article of the treaty of June 5,1854, with the Mia-
mi®, to be held by.such persons by the same tenure as the
locations of individuals are held which have been made
under the third article of said treaty."
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Chairman, it will be seen
from the proviso which has been read from the'
treaty, that the stipulation was that the payments
to the Miamis of Indiana should be confined to
certain three hundred and two persons, whose
names were upon a prescribed list—a list identi-
fied and named in the proviso of the treaty. But
it will be seen, also, by the section last read, that
Congress has taken upon itself to say, in contra-
vention of this stipulation, that certain other per-
sons shall be put upon that list, persons who, for
a period of more than fifteen years, have, by re-
peated resolutions of the Miami tribe, been ex-
cluded as not belonging to tl^ir number. It is an
attempt to accomplish by statute what, in very
terms, is denied by the treaty. It is a subversion
of a treaty by congressional enactment. Cer-
tainly Congress has no such power.
In pursuance of this third section, sixty-eight
persons have been added to the list of the Miamis
of Indiana, in opposition to the solemn stipulation
of the treaty, not only to share the distribution
of the annuities of the present year, and to be
beneficiaries of these payments hereafter, but to
reach back for the whole period of fifteen years,
during which they have been excluded from shar-
iog these payments, and now charge all these ar-
rears on the payments of the present year.
Within tho last month, these payments have
been directed to bo made. They have already
been made, or are being made now; but in such
a manner, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, that, of the amount appropriated for
this purpose last year, (the same in terms and
amount with the appropriation now made,) the
sum of $34,000 1G, much the largest part of the
payments of the present year, have been set apart
under the pretended authority of this law, and in
obvious violation of ihe treaty, in favor of these
persons added, in this illegitimate manner, to the
list.
I wish, now, respectfully to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
that committee, at tho last session of Congress,
consented, and at this time consents, to this ar-
rangement, because there is no question at all that
if we violate' in this manner the provisions of
the tieaty, the tribe may come in here and ask
that we, in turn, shall make them restitution of
what they have been deprived of under this par-
ticular section. The consequence, therefore, is,
that while on tho one hand the tube is robbed of
a payment that, by treaty, belongs to it now, on
the other hand, there is a charge made upon the
Treasury, growing larger from year to year, that
at a future"time«m\ist be met, if we mean to ob-
serve the faith of treaties. I ask, therefore, that
the House will consent to this just amendment
and effectuate the provisions of this treaty.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I did not know
the nature of the amendment proposed to be sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Indiana, but if I
understand it—ar.d I desire his attention for a
moment—it is to requae the money which is by
this hill appropriated for tho benefit of the Mia-
mis of Indiana and Kansas*, to be expended ac-
cording to the treatv stipulations.
Mr. PETTIT. "That is the purpose, and that
is all.
Mi. PHELPS, of Missouri. That being the
case, I have no objection to the amendment.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amend ment:
„?'>; iu trid'.d* Tint no poition of the appiopuation.s pro-
vided it-; in this act s-hai! be expended m any wav othei -
wi-se than e- niO\ uled lor m said act: Jlndponded, jurthcr,
Tiiat no p'tl/hc a^ent connected wjfh ihe expenditures
hcrs*b\ authontfcd. shall incur liabilities or lnto ea~
"Aovmeim oxjendm? bevond4:he period for which uie ap-
piop.'arions are made, or in exccss of the appiopuations
ini eby made. *
I believe I am correct in saying that there are
but two modes of dealing- with our Indians—the
one is to recognize their right to hold lands and
grant them annuities, wJ-ich is the pian which has
heretofore prevailed in tho Atlantic States, and
' which nowprevails tins side of the Rocky Mount-
1 ains; and the other is the system attempted to be
I inaueurated on the I'acific coast, which is to lo-
I catollie Indians upon reservations.
