1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
in navy-yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timber wheels, and the pur-
chase and repairs of workmen's tools, postage of public
letters, fuel, oil, and candles for navy-yards and shore sta-
tions, pay of watchmen and incidental labor not chargeable
to any other appropriation, transportation to and labor at-
tending the delivery of provisions and stores on foreign sta-
tions, wharfage, dockage, and rent, traveling expenses of
officers and others under orders, funeral expenses, store
and office rent, fuel, commissions and pay ot clerks to navy
agents and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and packing boxes,
premiums and other expenses ot recruiting, apprehending
deserters, per diem pay to persons attending courts-martial,
courts of inquiry, and other services authorized by law, pay
to judges advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and as-
sistance to vessels in distress, and for bills of health.and
quarantine expenses of vessels of the United States Navy
in foreign ports, @896,000: Provided. That the expenditures
under the foregoing appropriations shall be so accounted for
as to show the disbursements by each bureau, under each
respective appropriation."
This, I find, is the amount appropriated during
the last year of Mr. Polk's administration. If
there be no objection to it, I will not detain the
committee with any remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. It is, to me, most sin-
gular that, when those who have charge of this
particular branch of the public service, have, after
carefully examining the subject, judging from the
expenditures of the past and from the service ex-
pected to be required for the future, estimated that
a certain amount of money will be required for
the coming year, this House, without any reason
being given for it, without a particle of informa-
tion being in possession of the body as to the cost
of a solitary item of expenditure, should under-
take to cut down the amount estimated for by one
third, one half, or two thirds, as the whim or
caprice of the House may dictate. Let me give
asingleillustration, and I have done. Suppose the
agent you have employed to superintend your
farm tells you that the service of twenty plows
will be required for the next year, and you, with-
out inquiring into the numberof hands employed,
into the number of acres to be cultivated, or into
any of the facts necessary to be known in order
to determine what is wanted, tell him that you
will strike the number down to ten: I ask you if,
by that course, you will be likely to increase your
crops, or have made an economical arrangement
by the reduction ? That, Mr. Chairman, itseems
to me, is exactly the conduct of gentlemen in this
House who insist upon striking down the esti-
mates for the appropriations, without being able
to give a solitary reason for the reduction they
propose. If there is anything wrong in the esti-
mate, if the gentleman who moves this reduction
is satisfied that it should be made, he ought to be
able to furnish this House with some reason m
support of his amendment. Sir, the reductions
that are being made in the appropriations con-
tained in this bill can have no other effect than to
cripple the Navy, and render it incapable of per-
forming the service which may be required of it.
You might as well abolish the Navy altogether;
you might as well abandon your Government al-
together, as to refuse to supply means necessary
for its support.
The gentleman says he sees no prospect of war
with any nation. Well, sir, perhaps the gentle-
man has not examined the indications before us
as a wise man should examine them. So far as
I can draw any inference from the state of things
which I now see existing in France and in Eng-
land, war is inevitable. Sir, England has recently
greatly increased her navy; she is, to-day, abso-
lutely manufacturing more arms than at any
former period of her history. The same is true
of France, and of all Europe; and, when that war
comes, no gentleman can tell what effect it may
have upon us, or what part it will become neces-
sary for us to take in it. Sir, we know that a
thunderbolt is now m the heavens; it must fall
somewhere; and, whether it will strike us or
others, we cannot tell. I think, therefore, that
every dictate of wisdom, of prudence, and even
decency, would require that we should make the
appropriations necessary to maintain our Navy;
and I hope, therefore, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia will be voted down.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding ยง100. I only do it for the pur-
pose of making a single observation. My friend
from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] bases his amend-
ment upon the expenditures of the Government
during Mr. Polk's administration. If the gentle-
man will reflect for a moment, he will see that
things have changed very much since that day.
Money is not worth as much as it was during
Mr. Polk's administration. The expenses of the
Government, and all our expenses, have largely
increased. I will give a single example, for I do
not wish to occupy the time of the committee
long. The last Congress added one thousand five
hundred men to the personnel of the Navy, and
by your own action you have added very mate-
rially to the list of naval officers, serving to swell,
as every gentleman must see, the expenditures in
this item alone, 6y a very large amount. In ad-
dition to that, you will remember that the whole
naval system has been radically changed since
the administration of Mr. Polk. At that time
there were but two or three steam vessels in the
Navy. Now, it is composed almost entirely of
steam vessels, which necessarily involves a much
larger expenditure for contingencies than sailing
vessels. Every gentleman must see that the ex-
penses necessary for maintaining the Navy at
this day can be measured by no criterion extend-
ing as far back as Mr. Polk's administration. I
will go as far as any gentleman upon this floor
for retrenchment; but the whole efforts of this
House seem to be directed against the Navy. Sir,
there are land-rats, as well as water-rats; and you
will find other subjects to which the hand of re-
trenchment can be applied quite as well as to the
Navy. In your War Department, except in time
of war, the Army is always a peace establish-
ment; but in the Navy, the articles of war govern
every ship of war. Your Navy is always sup-
posed to be in a state of war. Every ship must
be in condition to be readv, ata moment's notice,
to enter upon hostilities for the protection of your
commerce, and of the honor of your country. I
therefore say, that gentlemen who propose any
diminution in these estimates, ought to be able to
furnish this House with ample reasons, and good
reasons, for such a proposition.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from North
Carolina says, that there are land-rats as well as
water-rats, and that retrenchment ought to be
made elsewhere. I know that there are land-rats,
and I know that there are Treasury-rats, and, with
all respect to gentlemen, I say that we have a
great many of them in this House, and a great
many in this Government; ajd the result will be,
that there will be little left in the Treasury unless
something is done to stop their depredations. He
says that we ought to have reduced the Army
appropriation.
'Mr. WINSLOW. I did not allude to that at
all.
Mr. GARNETT. Wc did reduce it $9,186,000,
as I am informed by the clerk of the Committee
of Ways and Means. The House will bear me
witness that I am ready to reduce in every branch
until I bring the expenditures down to the reve-
nues of the Government, for I am radically op-
posed to making large appropriations; and in order
to meet them, to impose new taxes upon my
people, I will furnish no revenue beyond what an
economical administration of theGovernment will
demand. If there is anywhere we can reduce it
it is in this item of contingencies. The gentleman
from Mississippi likens it to the case of a planter
who has an overseer. I ask him, and every gentle-
man who has occasion to transact business by an
agent, if there are notfrequently considerable ex-
penditures which must necessarily be intrusted to
thatagent? What does the employer do? Hesays
emphatically to the agent, " I cannot go through
the detail; 1 am obliged to give you a discretion
as to this thing. Here is so much money, and
you mustnotspendany more." Theagent, under
that system, comes down to the proper scalc of
expenditure.
My friend from Mississippi talked about the
chances of war, and he spoke of the large naval
preparations making in France. I do not care
to dispute that the gentleman himself, and the
newspapers to which he refers, are much better
acquainted with the affairs of the world than I
am; but, sir, if I have read the papers of the day
correctly, those preparations are for a war in
Italy, against Austria. I do not know, sir, that
we have anything to do with that wm ; and it will
scarcely be a naval war. The President tells us
that we are on good terms with every nation of
the Old World, without serious differences any-
where. As to the British and French cruisers
in the Gulf of Mexico, they are there only for
the protection of French and English subjects.
The President does not complain of that. If they
damage the interests, or do violence to the honor
of this country, I feel assured that the President
will give us due warning. I am perfectly wilting
to intrust the honor of this country in his hands;
and, so far as I know, he has managed our affairs
with England and France to the satisfaction ot
everybody. Itwill be time enough to make ready
for war when he calls upon us. The Natfy does
not stand on a war footing, as the gentleman from
North Carolina said, nor was it ever so intende4.
For war with either of the great maritime Pow-
ers, it is even contemptible. It is but our peace
police. No, sir; our true security for war is not
in our scattered forts, or in these wooden walls
of the Navy. It is in our isolated position, afar
from the entangling alliances and diplomatic com-
plications of the other hemisphere; it is in our love
of justice, and the rightfulness of our cause; it is
in the vast resources of our unparalleled commer-
cial marine; our wonderful growth in numbers
and wealth; in our citizen soldiery; and, above all,
in the strong arms and brave hearts of a free and
great people, ready in any emergency to strike
suddenly and irresistibly in defense of their
homes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINSLOW, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to add $1,000, so.as
make the appropriation the same that it was last
year.
Mr. Chairman, I have long seen that the Navy to
has become, in Mrs. Malaprop's phrase, " the
favorite aversion" of the Hous$ of Representa-
tives. I think that I could account for it in some
degree; but I will not attempt to do so. If we
could dispense with the Navy altogether, if we
could dispense with the Army altogether', if we
could bring the nations of the earth into universal
and perpetual concord and harmony, perhaps I
would not object to such a millennial consumma-
tion as much' as some gentlemen in this House.
I do not understand that this amount isasked for
with any reference to the employment of our na-
tional ships in any predatory, or other expedi-
tion, and no authority is here asked of Congress
by the President, to use the Navy at his pleasure.
When such an application is made, I will con-
sider it as cautiously and as calmly, I trust, as
any gentleman here.
My colleague proposes to reduce this appro-
priation from $898,000 to some $500,000. L oes
he give any reason for that reduction ? Does ha
know any reason for that reduction.' He pro-
poses the amount which was adequate in the time
of Mr. Polk. Why talk in this way? We are
not now in the time of Mr. Polk. 1 wish we were
in the tune of Mr. Polk, so far as the value of
money is concerned; for there are few of us who
have not suffered loss from the diminished value
of money, by the additions to the currency since
the time of Mr. Polk. An appropriation of
$2,500,000, proposed by my colleague, for equip-
ment and repair, in the time of Mr. Polk, would
involve an appropriation now of $3,500,000 for
the same object of expenditure, to say nothing of
the increase of our Navy, to which other gentle-
men have adverted. Talk about that being the
proper amount now, because that was the amount
appropriated in the time of Mr. Polk! Does the
gentlemen remember that a large navy-yard has
been constructed upon the Pacific coast since that
time? What does he tell us of the objects of this
proposed expenditure? Does he know howmuch
will be expended or required for any one of the
objects of expenditure contained'in this item? He
has not informed us? He simply asks us to re-
duce this amount, because when the condition of
the country was altogether different that amount
was found to be sufficient. Sir, let us come here
as calm, reflecting statesmen, not moved by prej-
udice or passion, giving to each subject its own
proper consideration, and voting as we suppose
our several constituencies will approve.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say to the gentle-
man who moves this amendment, that if he will
add a proviso to it which will prevent the Depart-
ment from incurring liabilities beyond the appro-
priation, 1 will vote with him. But I am not pre-
pared to go to work here without any data, and
without any showing that it can be done at all,
