1859.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
crable stipendiaries and dependents. 44 To reward
him for patriotism;" that is the next reason.
Why, sir, patriotism has its reward—it unques-
tionably 1ms. When I look around this Hall, and
sec here generals and colonels and majors; when I
tuin to my venerable colleague, [Mr. Giddings,]
when I see him here, and when I read in the
newspapers winch furnish the literature of polit-
ical campaigns in my own State, I read that my
distinguished friend was a wagoner or soldier in
the last war; when I recollect that another gen-
tleman here was at the head of a Kentucky regi-
ment, and another was a major, in the war with
Mexico, and that another distinguished gentle-
man headed hisrogimentat Buena Vista,and has
received his reward in the friendship of the peo-
ple and their consideration for his services, in his
elevation to distinguished official and civil posi-
tions in the Government, some of them involving
almost a long life of service; when I see all this,
I ask you if there is a#y indisposition on the part
of the people to reward the patriotism which these
gentlemen have displayed ? But if this be an ar-
gument, I recollcct one notable incident, and if
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] was in
his^eat, I would call his attention particularly to
it. It was this: When the war broke out with
Mexico, in 1846, we had a requisition on the State,
of Ohio for three regiments; but men enough of-
ferred their services to constitute seven or eight
regiments. I believe some ten thousand men of-
ferred their services. Now, as the officer who
had the mustering in of these soldiers, the gentle-
man from Iowa himself was compelled to muster
out of the sei vice the spontaneous patriotism man-
ifested by the State of Ohio. This, sir, teaches
us tins one fact, that the argument based upon the
necessity of rewarding patriotism, is no argument
at all. It is not founded upon necessity or upon
any exigency in God's world, because the patri-
otism of the country has always flooded our army
with moie men than the Government could employ.
But, Mr. Chairman, let us analyze these rea-
sons a little further. We are told that we must
repay them for the injuries sustained m our ser-
vice. Now, sir, that is a cuwous argument. I
.say it with all respect. Tain to the volume of
the pension and bounty land laws of this Gov-
ernment, collated and printed by the direction of
Congress, [exhibiting one,] and what do you
find ? 1 will tell you what you will find; and it
is an amusing commentary on the eloquent apos-
trophes and invocations to American Congress-
men to pension the men who were " crippled,"
according to one gentleman from Tennessee, or
who " stopped bullets at eight dollars a month,"
according to another. I say it is amusing. Why ?
Because if a man was disabled in the last war, he
is entitled to a pension now, and if he is not m
the receipt of it, it is his own fault. If he was
shot in battle, his widow and children wore and
still are beneficiaries under the law. But suppose
he was not shot or injured in battle, what then ?
Why, if m the progress of his duty, he contracted
any disease which rendered him mint to maintain
himself thereafter, he is, on proving that fact, pro-
vided by law with a pension. Where, then, are
your cripples ? Where, then, the necessity of any
further legislation, when all these classcs are pro-
vided for ? *
Again, Mr. Chairman, you do not stop with
the last war with Great Britain; you go down to
the Mexican war, and you have twice provided
extensions of the five years5 half pay to the
widows of those who were killed or who died m
the sprvice-duiing that war; one of these laws is
fTiil m existence, and the beneficiaries are draw-
ing pensions under it.
I ask those gentlemen who arc responsible for
the passage of this bill, to answer me the ques-
tion fairly and candidly: i* fhcie in their knowl-
edge, within the range of their investigation} have
they arrived at the fact from any researches, that
there is a Govt foment on the face of God's onrth
thut is so libtrr! to 'he men who have ivnrVrH
service to the Government, ax is the Gove  nnnn-t
of the United States: 1 say, sir, th.it there ir-
none, and I ask for no extension of the system.
I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not my purpose to
reply to my colleague, and therefoie, i wish, at
this time, to notice on'1 fact which I br^i'i'ht out
in my remarks the other day,and tha; is ihat by
encouraging the mihua service we do away with
the policy and necessity for a standing army, for
which we now pay 020,000,000 annually. I
merely call*my colleague's attention to this point,
and ask him to state distinctly to the House
whether he is desirous of maintaining a standing
army in opposition to the militiaof the country?
Mr NICHOLS. I will answer the question,
and I think I can do it very effectually. What is
our volunteer system but a militia system ? Now,
sir, I ask my colleague, turning lus attention to
all the records of the Government and to ail its
necessities, to point out to me one single instance
in which, in forty-five years, the Government has
needed the force placed at its disposal for protecting
the frontiers of the country and carrying on the
ordinary military duties of the country, when the
standing army has not been found adequate to the
wants of tb.p Government in time of peace?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would ask the gentleman
what he wants a standing army of a thousand
men for in this nation5
Mr. NICHOLS. Well, I will tell the gentle-
man why I want it. I suppose that a standing
army of a thousand men is wanted for various
purposes.
Mr, GIDDINGS. What arc they?
Mr. NICHOLS. In the first place, for the pro-
tection of the Indian frontiers, and to be kept in
service so that they can be had at a moment's
warning when required; and when , if we waited
until an ordinary draft could be made for volun-
teers and militia, the necessities of the service
would have passed away.
Mi*, GIDDINGS. In reply to my colleague,
I desire him to state whether there is at this day
half as much necessity for a standing army as
there was in 1811-12—when it consisted of only
a few thousand men—when the militia of the
northwest defended the northwestern frontiers,
and when your standing army had surrendered
to the British without firing a gun ?
Mr. NICHOLS., There is a valuable sugges-
tion there; and though neither my colleague nor
myself are Yankees 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am a Yankee.
Mr. NICHOLS. Yet I will pursue the Yankee
policy, and ask him if the passage of the old sol-
diers' bill, for which he voted, would disband a
single soldier of the regular Army ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. 'l reply in all sincerity that
my whole support of that (nil was for the purpose
of impressing upon the House and the country
the outrage of keeping up the present standing
Army of the United States, and to call attention
to the fact that we are substituting a standing
army for that defense of the country which our
forefathers intended to devolve upon the militia
of the nation.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not believe that any
; gentleman who voted for the pension bill thought
1 it would diminish the standing Army one man.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will say to the gentle-
man 
Mr. NICIIOLS. Well, I object to injecting*
so many speeches into my own.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely wish to place the
gentleman light. I. wished to impress upon the
House the extravagant expenditures of our stand-
ing Aimy; while, at the same time, we violate
the intention of tho.se who founded our Govern- !
ment, that the country should be defended by its |
militia, its citizen soldiers. # j
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 will rliseusy that point in 1
a moment, and 1 hope the gentleman will like it 1
as well when I <?et through as he now seems to 1
Lke his own position in le^rd to it.
1 have heard before ot this curtailing the stand-
ing Army ar.d uimin.shing the expenses of the
Government; but the dm etion the Government
bus Utkn'ii tii-e la<t six years has been a step back-
ward rather than foi ward in th& uueoTiun the gen-
tleman desires; and the most lame nibble step back-
ward is the one they took m the pa^-a^e of the
oh! f-r,]-heis5 bi;i. You talk about tins pension
b;ll as neces.-.ai y to incuhvn: among our people a
>pnit of pi-tr.oufm, and to provide against the
conti! ^encyofa large standing army. What are i
the facts5 Ii\om the time the war of 1812 was '
over, pe:'ef declared, and ih^ men muste.ed out
of sen in. 181*1, tlvrc have been no wars worthy
of th^ uiirnity or of ihaf emisid -retina u-iul we j
came la lae uai wnh -\.:c-\i-:o. I
j Now for the argument that we elevate the pa-
i triotism of the people, and provide ag-ainst the
contingency of a standing army. War was de-
clared against Mexico. What followed ? • The
men who mustered for that war had had no pen-
sions. You had not, at that time, passed even a
bounty land act, unless for those who had served
under a regular enlistment in the Army. But the
moment the drum beat, and tWstandard was
raised, such multitudes flocked around it that you-
had to turn and drive them baclc; you had to re-
press the spirit of patriotism, and keep men out
of battle who were urging their way into it; you
had to reject men from the service of the country
who honestly sought to give that service to the
country. Where was the regular Army then? It
formed hardly a nucleus of that organized band
which carried your banner to the capital of Mex-
ico. And, without offering any insult whatever
to the regular branch of the service—for 1 have a
high regard for it—I believe it isconceded*by the
best military men in the Army that those bands
of volunteers rendered services which the reg-
ular Army never did; and it was said, by one of
the most accomplished officers that engaged in
thatcampaign, thatin one of the bloodiest ofits bat-
tles, when men almost shiank aghast at the work
of carnage and death, our Army was whipped,
but that the volunteers did not know it, but fought .
on, and wrought out a victory in the face of ter-
rible odds. Talk of pensioning men of that char-
acter! talk of going back and exhuming the dead
relics of brave men and bestowing a pension upon
them ! pensions necessary to cultivate a war spirit
among our people I From the other end of the
avenue comes to us the distant sound of war,
growing out of the trespasses of our people upon
the peace.of other nations. Is it necessary to pen-
sion men who have rendered services to their
countryin order that you may inflame some such
' spirit as that? Let me tell you, sir, and let me
j invoke the attention of gentlemen, that your hft-
| tory for the past five years, and not only that, but
! your history for the next ton years of the future,
; will compel you to stringent resolutions to repress
|J,he war spirit of the land, and to prevent our
j people from fighting without the sanction and
! authority of the General Government,
j A gentleman before me suggests another point,
; and one which I intended to make in carrying out
: the history of the military spirit in connection
; with the wars of the Government. Your Presi-
; dent declared that there was a war in Utah not
; long ago. Well, it was not much of a war, it is
; true; but the authorities of the country declared
; that Utah was in a state of rebellion, and that
j war existed. We came to Congress; and in order
I to gratify the President, you provided, upon his
recommendation, for laismg two or three regi-
! rnents. In carrying out that act, I waiH it remcm-
! bered, that, upon a careful computation and re-
! port made to those in charge of this Government,
; it appeared that there were nearly fifty thousand
I men anxious to go to Utah to fight. So you see
! our people are bent cm fighting. They have a
j sort of spontam ous patiiotism, which overflows
i whenever the drum beats, and that spirit needs no
culture. You do not need to force it; it comes
i of itself; and the only measure of legislation ne-
; cessary, is legislation t « repress it, and confine its
' action withm legitimate Lams. That is my judg-
: ment about it. You had be.ttercu]tivate,sir,con-
; sei vative, m stead of belligerent propensities. God
; knows, Mr. Chairman, oar people are willing to
i fight; but aie we equally willing to inspect the
' laws of nations, and to preserve peace and ami-
, cablc relations with mankind?
But, Mr. Chairman, L have a high regard for
the standard value of patriotism. In my judgment,
the value of patimtism ha* been sadly underrated
' here. 1 was told by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mi.Birnet'i,] in i espouse to my remarks,
that if w> did not pass this pension bill, the people
would send to Congress those who would pass it.
• Very well; mjr constituents have sent a man in
my place. But I wish to say tins: that whenever
I have to sacrifice my independence on any legis-
' lative floor to gratify outside cl.unor, involving o-
deliberate sacnfice of my judgment, then let the
people whom I represent fill tny seat with some
one else. It is not worth hohbng one moment,
when to hold it involves the loss of character.
But, says the gent] 'man. the people demand it,and
