1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
and strike down the appropriations simply be-
cause 
Mr. WINSLOW. Can the gentleman from
Ohio point to any one instance where there has
been a call by the Navy Department for a defi-
ciency bill ?
Mr. STANTON. .No, sir; but I take it for
granted that if the amount recommended by the
Committee of Ways and Means isnecessary, and
the service be kept up, and if the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia be adopted, there
■will be a deficiency bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I did not understand my
friend from Ohio.
Mr. STANTON. Now, if the gentleman from
Virginia will give us some satisfactory guarantee
against this state of things, that his amendment
will create a reduction of the expenditure, and
not merely a temporary reduction of the appro-
priations to be supplied next year, I can under-
stand it.  
Mr. GARNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, with his permission, that, if the amend-
ment be adopted, and he move a clause confining
the Secretary to this expenditure, I will very
cheerfully vote for it. 1 voted for such clauses in
other bills; and I moved them. I am not sure
whether the gentleman from Ohio voted with me
or not.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; I did.
Mr. M1LLSON withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Garnett's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. COLFAX. I offer the following amend-
ment, which, I think, no member on either side
of the House wijl object to:
Add at end of forty-ninth lino:
Provided, further, That whatever amount may be ex-
pended by Commodore Paulding in the defense of suits aris-
ing out at* his arrest of William Walker and liis associates,
on the shores of Nicaragua, shall be paid out of this fund.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. COLFAX. I very respectfully appeal from
the decision of the Chair. We are appropriating
money for contingencies of the Navy, for legal
expenses, for courts-martial, for courts of in-
quiry. It is right for us to say how that money
shall be expended; and I think that some of it
ought to be expended in protecting a gallant com-
mander for performing an act that has been in-
dorsed by this House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I want to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, if 1 have an opportunity
to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. MOORE called for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Davis of Mississippi, were appointed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW. Let it be adopted, then.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No; it is not
right.
The committee divided; and the tollers report-
ed—ayes 66, noes 56.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to submit
another amendment, and it is the last I shall pro-
pose. I move to strike out from line eighty-one
to line one hundred and thirty-nine, inclusive, as
follows:
"Navy-yards.
" For the construction and completion of wmks, and for
tile curient repairs at the scveial navy-yards :
"Portsmouth. New Hampshire.—For removing coffer-dam,
sewer, marlinie-^hop, capstans for masting sheers, repairs
of floating-dock, ami repairs of all kinds, $50,719 50.
'•Motion.—Fin machinery tor m.ichme-bhop and foundory,
pattern-shop, grading, paving and draining, i ail tracks and
cart., sidewalk on Chelsea stieet, paving portion of Wap-
pnig street, steain fire-engine, water-closets, and repairs of
all kinds, §163,305.
"Nem York.—For removing and putting up sheers, bilge
blocks fur dry-docks, construction of quay wall, dredging
channels and repairing scows, paving and flagmr.g,improve-
ment of maclnno-shop, heating new storehouse, completing
launching wu\b to blup-hou^e E. sky-lights to foundery and
ventilatois to smithery, painting and repairing dry dock,
boilers for new boiler-hou&e cind pipes, machinery for ma-
chnie-<hop, foundories. smithery, ^aw-uull, boiler, and pat-
tern-shop-. and Jor u-pairsot all kinds, $16d,4.j6 60.
i'PhiUnUljikli.—For extending joiner's shop, dredging
channel.*, repaus of floating-dock, and rwpa'irs of all kinds,
@103,492.
" Washington.—For carriage houses and cart-sheds, shed
for flasks, gas generator and fixtures, conversion of old ma-
chine-shop to foundery, machinery and tools, and repairs
of all kinds, #80,307 90.
"Norfolk.—For continuing quay wall, completing forge
shop, reservoir for stables, dredging and filling in, ma-
chinery, tools, and cranes, continuation of railway, comple-
ting umber-shed number seventeen, completing foundery,
completing saw-mill machinery, saw-shed and railway, and
for repairs of all kinds, $198,224 10.
"Pemaco/a.—For extension of granite wharf, repairing
and operating floating-dock, dredging for wharf and deep
basin, pitch boiling-house, launching ways, railways, and
repairs of all kinds, $109,282 50.
"Mare Island, California.—For completing machine and
boiler shops, continuing quay wall, grading, towards ma-
chinery for new shops, completion of houses number seven,
nine, eleven and thirteen, pitch-house, steam boxres, mold
loft number thirty-six, coopers' shop, and tank-shed, and
repairs of all kinds, $230,310.
" SadceWs Harbor.—For repairs of all kinds, $3,850."
And to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
For preservation of works, and for current repairs, at
the several navy-yards, viz.:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $10,000.
At Boston, $15,000.
At New York, $20,000.
At Philadelphia, $15,000.
At Washington, $10,000.
At Norfolk, $20,000.
At Pensacola, $10,000.
At Mare Island, California, $20,000.
At Sackett's Harbor, $1,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Before that
amendment is acted on, I desire to perfect the text
of the original bill. Under the head of" Wash-
ington,"! move to strike out the words "gas
generator and fixtures;" and to reduce the amount
to $72,107 90.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It will be perceived
that the part of the bill which 1 propose to strike
out, embraces appropriations of something over
$1,000,000, for the construction and continuation
of new works for navy-yards. The whole clause
which I propose to strike out, is for the construc-
tion and continuation of new works."It is not for
the carrying on the ordinary business of navy-
yards at all. That is provided for in another part
of the bill; but it is formic construction and con-
tinuation of new works and improvements.
It is sufficient for me to say that this is not the
time to continue works of that character. I pro-
pose to put these navy-yards in a state of ordi-
nary, to stop all new works, and simply to provide
for keeping in repair-the works now constructed,
and pieservmg from injury the works now going
on. And, in older to justify the course I pursue,
I will read from the resolutions of the majority
of the special committee. I do not read from the
resolutions of the minority, because I happen to
be one of them. The resolution is as follows:
" Resolved, That the testimony taken in this investigation
proves the existence of glaring abases 111 the Brooklyn navy-
yard, and, as bimli, require the interposition of legislalive
retorm ; but it is due to justice to declare that these abuses
have been slowly but gradually growing up, during a long
course of years, and that no particular Admnnstiation should
bear the entire blame tlieretor."
The existence of glaring abuses is admitted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that the
best way in which we can cure these abuses would
be to stop all the work that is now going on for
the construction and continuation of new works,
and put them in what is called a state of ordinary.
But if you make those large appropriations, you
must expect the existing abuses to be continued.
I do not think it will injure anybody. Naval offi-
cers, so far as I know, admit trie abuses, and every
intelligent gentleman in New York city or else-
where, with whom I have conversed on the sub-
ject of navy-yards, admits that there is a necessity
for radical reforms. And I am glad to say that
the select committee on naval contracts and ex-
penditures were unanimous in that opinion. I
hope, therefore, that the House will adopt this
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio for the reason which I will state. The es-
timates submitted to us for the construction of
works, improvements, and repairs of the navy-
yards amounted to $2,001,897. The Committee
of Ways and Means, in considering these esti-
mates, made a reduction of nearly §900,000. As
a general rule, we authorized the erection of no
new works. But buildings were ill process of con-
struction, and it was necessary, in order that those
buildings should be completed, to make additional
appropriations. I can show the committee the re-
duction we have made by comparing the estimates
with the appropriations in the bill. The estimate
for construction, repairs and improvements at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, was §105,477.
The committee reduced theamount to $50,719 50.
The estimate for the Boston navy-yard was
$308,450. The Committee on Ways and Means
recommend that you shall appropriate $163,^05.
The estimate submitted to us for New York was
$319,959. The Committee of Ways and Means,
recommend an appropriation of $168,456 60. At
Philadelphia the estimates amounted to $122,997.
The committee of Ways and Means recommend
an appropriation of $102,492. The estimate sub-
mitted to us for the Washington navy-yard was
$155,932. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend an appropriation of $80,307 90, whicv
has already been reduced $8,000. At Norfolk
the estimate was $271,387. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend an appropriation
of $198,229 10. The estimate for Pensacola was
$301,429. We recommend an appropriation of
$109,282 50. For the navy-yard in California the
estimate was $403,850. We recommend an ap-
propriation of $230,310. And then for the naval
station at Sacket's Harbor we recommend an ap-
propriation of $4,000, for the repair of the build-
ings at that place. The aggregate redqction upon
the estimates submitted to us is upwards of nine
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by striking out
the last three lines. I submit the amendmentfor
the purpose of asking- the gentleman from Ohio
whether he submitted his amendment by the di-
rection of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
if so, whether they have ascertained from the
Navy Department that the reduction he proposes
can be made without injury to the naval service?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to say, as
I think I remarked when I first rose, that this
amendment, as well the other which I submitted,
was upon my own motion, and not by the direc-
tion of any committee. At the same time, I will
state that the committee had before them, and ex-
amined at great length, Commodore Smith, who
is at the head of the bureau of yards and docks,
and also Mr. Lenthall, the chief of the bureau of
construction, equipment, and repair. The select
committee, which made this examination, how-
ever, had no right to report on this subject, be-
cause they were appointed to examine into specific
charges.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he moves this amendment
upon his own motion, not from any information
he has derived from Commodore Smith or Mr.
Lenthall, but from other sources.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will say to the
gentleman from'Virgima, that I made the amend-
ment upon my own motion, but from information
which I derived from the testimony taken before
the committee.
Mr. LIJTCHER. go I understand; but not
from information derived from Commodore Smith,
who is at the head of this department, who, as I
understand, has not recommended the changes
proposed by the gentleman. Now, sir, the com-
mittee of Ways and Means did derive all the in-
formation they could from this source. They had
Commodore Smith before them, and examined
him in reference to the necessity of these various
items of appropriation; and the action of the com-
mittee was the lesult of the information which
they derived from him. They reduced his esti-
mates as much as they believed was consistent
with the wants of the public service. Now, I
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether his committee are prepared to
recommend any further reductions?
Mr. BOCOCK. I merely want to make two
words of explanation. The position which I have
occupied on another committee, lias taken up so
much of my time that I have not thought it in-
cumbent upon me to examine, with very great
care, into the items of appropriation in this bill.
The House refused to refer the bill to us, and as,
by that action, they did not seem to want our
opinion uponit, Ihave been employed clsewheic,
and will not undertake to furnish the gentleman
with my opinion upon this subject.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, it seems that, be-
cause my colleague could not head off our com-
mittee, he declines to answer.
Mr. SEWARD. -I am opposed to the amend-
