1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the time may con'(e, and that it is, perhaps, time
now, for us to diminish the number of our navy-
yards. But before we attempt to do it, I desire
that we shall understand, and understand fully,
in what .yards our work can be done best and
cheapest for the Government. I do not believe
that the committee is in possession of the inform-
ation and facts necessary to enable us to determ-
ine the yards which should be retained and those
which should be dispensed with. It seems to me
that, before we attempt to do that, wp should
make ourselves familiar with all the advantages
and disadvantages of the several navy-yards.
Now, sir, the amendment of the gentleman from
New York strikes out a yard in which I am per-
fectly confident, from all the information I can
obtain, the cost of the construction and repairs
of vessels is much less than at any other yard in
the country, and where, at the same time, the
work is far superior to that of any other yard. 1
refer to the Charlestown navy-yard. I am willing
that the number of navy yards shall be reduced,
but I think that the Charlestown navy-yard should
.be retained, because it possesses great advant-
ages as a navy-yard; and much of the most im-
portant work done for the Government is done
at that yard. Some of the work can be done at
no other yard. " Now, sir, whilst I am willing
that the number of yards be diflnnished, I desire
that, when it shall be done, the true interest of
the country shall be consulted, and those yards
retained in which experience has shown that the
work of the Government can be done best and
cheapest. I am sure that the amendment of the
gentleman from New York will not accomplish
this.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I'movc to amend
the original text by striking out'the appropria-
tion of $1G8,456 60 for the Brooklyn navy-yard,
and substituting these words:
For ordinary repairs at the Brooklyn navy-yard, $30,000.
Mr. Chairman, I regret very much that I have
not the information which will enable me to speak
of the several navy-yards embraced in the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, as I
can with reference to the Brooklyn navy-yard.
I know something of that navy-yard; and I de-
sire to say something in respect of it to the House.
I am not such an economist that I would be will-
ing at any time to strike tfold, remorseless blows
at any branch of the public servicc; nor, on the
other hand, have J sympathy with those men
who oppose retrenchment and reform whenever
it is suggested, because, by such opposition, they
create a necessity for a high protective tariff.
Mr. Chairman, I am quite satisfied that my
colleague's expression of opinion, that we have
more navy-yards than are necessary, is correct.
But I think he is in error in not embracing in his
amendment the navy-yard at Brooklyn, where,
in my judgment, abuses are greater, and retrench-
ment and reform are more needed, than in any
other. I am satisfied that there is no actual ne-
cessity for the navy-yard now existing at Brook-
lyn. We may need one, or perhaps two, navy-
yards upon the Atlantic coast. We require one,
perhaps, upon the Gulf of Mexico. ]>ut I think
that those in the harbors of New York, Boston,
and Philadelphia, can be dispensed with without
injury to the public service. There is no more
need for a navy-yard at Philadelphia than for
one at Cincinnati; and, satisfied as I am, from in-
formation upon which 1 can rely, of the uses to
which these expenditures were perverted, I should
consider that I did not do my duty to my coun-
try, or my duty to my constituency, >4' I failed to
strike at them whatever blows I can.
Now,gentlemen who desire navy-yards in their
vicinities may have them. 1 would more cheer-
fully give my consent that this expenditure for
the Brooklyn navy-yard should be applied to the
construction of one in the district ot my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] who, 1 believe, de-
sires to have one at Brunswick. He will get sick
enough of navy-yards when he knows more about
them. If I understand the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, he suggests merely to reduce
these navy-yards down to a standard which may
be designated as " in ordinary," and stay lavish
expenditures on new constructions.
Will the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, or any other gentleman familiar with
this subject, inform me why the Brooklyn navy-
yard cannot get along for the next year with
$20,000 for ordinary repairs ? The new construc-
tions, of all kinds, some of which, I perceive from
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, have not
progressed satisfactorily during the past year, can
wait until some radical reformation of the vaga-
bond system upon which that navy-yard is now
conducted can be accomplished, eithe by the ac-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, or by means
of the legislation of Congress.
Sir, I would not cripple the yard, so that the
ordinary repairs to vessels, for which we make
appropriations, cannot be made there; but I would
stop these new yard constructions, and withhold
appropriations which have been proven to be em-
ployed for the purpose of the maintenance of po-
litical profligates, to carry primary elections, and
to make invasions upon the popular liberty of the
people residing in its vicinity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the com-
mittee will remain and transact the public busi-
ness.
Tellers were demanded and ordered ;and Messrs.
Purviance and Scott were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 44, noes 58.
No quorum voting, the roll was called, and
the following members failed to ans#er to their
names:
* Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Atkins, Barksdale,
Barr, Bennett, Billinghuist, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Boyce,
Bryan, Burhngame, Burroughs, Caruthers, Cavanaugh,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, John
Cochrane, Cockenll, Corning, Cox, Ciaain, Crawford,
Curtis, Damrcll, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Devvart, Dick, Dun-
nnck, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee,Edie, Elliott, English, Eustis,
Farnsworih, Faulkner, Gillie, Goode, Goodwin, Grover,
Lawienee VV. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harris, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Hodges, Houston, Howard, Huyler, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jewott, Keim, Keitt, Kellogg, Kilgorc, John C. Kun-
kcl. Lamar, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Letcher, MacJay,
MeKibbin, McRae, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Morgan, Isaac N. Mollis,
Oliver A. Morse, Niblack, Palmer, Pettit, William W.
Phelps, Pottle, Reilly, Ilicaud, Ritchie, Ruffin, Scalcs,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Robert Smith,
Stephens, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Thompson, Tnppe. Walbndgo, Waldron, Walton, Warren,
Oadwalador C. Washburn, Watktns, Wlnteley, Wood,
Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus 11, Wright, John V.
Wnght, and Zolhcolfer.
The Speaker resumed the chair, and Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the Navy appropriation bill; and finding
itself without a quorum, had directed the roll to
be called, and the names of the absentees to be
reported.
One hundred and sixteen members only (less
than a quorum) answered to their names.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VANCE. I desire to withdraw the mo-
tion that I made, to reconsider the vote whereby
the House rejected the first amendment recom-
mended by the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union to the Post Office appropriation
i bill.
Tke motion was withdrawn.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 49,
noes 52.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for tellers.
Mr. FOSTER, (at live o'clock and forty min-
utes.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
I Mr. PHELPS, pf Missouri. On that motion,
i I call for the yeas and nays.
I I desire to say to the House, that we are now
! acting on the naval appropriation bill. The nlis-
cellaneous civil appropriation bill has not yet been
considered in committee. * The mail-steamer ap-
propriation bill has not yet been considered 
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
-j The yeas and nays were ordered.
' The question was taken; and it was decided in
' the negative—yeas 24, nays 87; as follows:
i YEAS—Messrs. Chaffee, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gran-
II gei, Grow, Harlan, Hoi ton, Kelaey, Knapp, Lovejoy, Mat
toson, Montgomery, Edward Joy Morris, Parker, Potter,
jj Purviance, Seward, Tappan, Tompkins, Wade, Ellihu B.
i Wa^hburne, and White—24.
] NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Avery,
| Bingham, Bocock, Bonham. Branch, Brayton, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Burnett,Burns, Case, Caskie, Horace F.Clark,
dawson, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Burton Craige, Curry, Davistof Massachusetts, Dodd,
Edmundson, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell,
Gilman, Gilmer; Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Ha&kin,
Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Howard, Hughes, George W.
Jones, Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Leitor, McQueen, Mason, Millson, Moore, Morrill, Free-
man H. Morse, Mott, Murray. Nichols, Olin, Pendleton,
Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottle, Powell,
Ready, Reagan, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Rutfin, Russell,
Searing, Sickles, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spin-
ner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Vallandigham, Vance, Ward, Wilson, Wtnslow, and John
V. Wright—87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Messrs. SCALES, BARKSDALE,'and DUR-
FEE, asked leave to vote, not having been in the
Hall when their names were called.
Objection" was made.
Mr. POTTER. Is my name recorded in the
affirmative ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to know if my name
is recorded in the negative?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's name is
not recorded. Was the gentleman within the bar
when his name was called?
Mr. MAYNARD. I was not. [Laughter.] *
Mr. PHILLIPS moved that the reading of the
names be dispensed with.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The vote having been announced as above re-
corded,
Mr. SPINNER. I move a call of the House.
We have spent three hours here without a quo-
rum; and it is time the absentees were compelled
to attend.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Members were at business late
last night. I move that the House do now [five
minutes before six o'clock, p. m.] adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Barr, BiHinghurst,
Blair, Bliss, Boyce, Biyan, Burroughs, Caruthers, Cava-
naugh, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, John
Cochrane, Cockerill, Corning, Cox, Cragin, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Cuius, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes, Dean, De-
wart, Dick, Dimmiek, Dowdeli, Edie, Elliott, English,
Eu iis, F<wnswotth, Gillis, Gilman, Gooeh, Goode, Grover,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harris, Hatch, Hick-
man, Hill. Hoard, Hopkins, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins,
ICeim, Kellogg, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lawrence,
Leach, Leidv, Maclav, MeKibbin, McRae, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samu'el 8. Mar liall, Miles, Millei, Montgomery,
Momui, Isaac N Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Palmer, Pettit,
WtnUm W. Phelps, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robeit Smith, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Trippe, Underwood,
Walbrutee, Waldron, Warren, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wliiteley, Wood, Woodson,
Augustus R. Wiight, and Zolbcoffer.
During the call,
Mr. SANDIDGEsaid: I have occupied my seat
here all day, in the hope of facilitating the busi-
ness of the House. I am too unwell to remain
longer, and I hope the House will excuse me for
the rest of the evening.
Mr. MOORE moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STANTON. I think that had better be
done, because a number of gentlemen have left
since their names were called.
Mr. SICKLES, (at six o 'clock and ten minutes,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Moore's mo-
tion; and itlvas not agreed to.
One hundred and twenty-six members answered
to their names.
The SPEAKER ordered the doors to be closed
and the names of the absentees'to be called for
excuses.
Mr. WHITE. I am willing to sit here to
work; but I am not willing to sit here to fill 1-
buster. I move that the House do now [six
o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.] adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker,since this roll
call has been ordered, gentlemen have answered
to their names, and then taken their hats and left
the Hall. I want to know whether it is in order
to suspend all proceedings under this call and
order a new one, so as to bring back these gen-
tlemen?
Mr. RUFFIN. I would like to have these
