1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297.
and indignity our naval officers; and inflicted nu-
merous injuries on the persons and property of
our citizens.
So long ago as 1844, she unjustly and iniqui-
tously exactod from American vessels at Cuba
pretended duties to the amount of $128,635 54.
Four years since (after ten years of what is called
diplomacy) she reluctantly admits the injustice
of this exaction, and her duty to refund this
large amount, of which she had robbed American
citizens; and now, after remaining this long in
contempt of our rights, and unlawfully retaining
this large sum of money, justly due to our citi-
zens, she very condescendingly proposes to pay
$42,878 41, without interest, m full satisfaction,
declaring that this offer to our Government is
made as a special favor. Was ever a more insult-
ing proposition made by one Government to
another, m view of the circumstances attending
the transaction? By force, she takes from our
citizcns upwards of one hundred and twenty-eight
thousand dollars",retains it until the accumulation
of interest makes the debt, upwards of two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, and now mod-
estly informs us that she is willing to pay us, as
a special favor, less than forty-three thousand
dollars, m full satisfaction of the indebtedness.
Sir, is it possible that this Government has so
greatly " fallen from its high estate," that it can
afford no better piotection to its citizens? Are
they to be lobbed of their money, and the rob-
bers to retain possession of it fourteen years,
and then refuse to pay even less than one sixth ?
And are we still to continue negotiations with
them; in other words, to beg and beseech, to pray
and to entreat them to be honest, and pay our
citizens a debt incurred under the most aggra-
vating circumstances ? Is this the true and patri-
otic course of policy for a great and mighty nation
to pursue ? Is this the high bearing, by which
the honor and respect due to her flag is to be se-
cured, and piotection guarantied to her people
and their property? How can our citizens be
expected to entertain a proper respect for a Gov-
ernment that will not redress their wrongs and
repair their injuries more promptly? What
guarantee, under such a cowardly policy, can an
American citizen have for his protection in a for-
eign land ? When the other nations of the world
see us thus trampled upon, and hear of no other
redress than diplomatic murmurings and com-
plainings, they are emboldened, even the smallest
and weakest of them, to hold our Government in
derision. What flagitious wrongs has Spain not
perpetrated? Need 1 repeat them ? She has in-
sulted our flag, imprisoned our citizens, confis-
cated their property, and refused even to make
an apology.
Sir, J know not what instructions have beon
given to our recently appointed Minister to Spain;
but I do know, sir, what instructions the honesti
and truly brave and patriotic citizens of this coun-
try would have delivered to him. Sir, they would
command this Minister to proceed to Madiid,and
demand the prompt payment of the sums of money
due from Spain to our citizens; full and adequate
remuneration for all the wrongs and injuries in-
flicted upon our people; and if that Government
refused to make prompt, full, and honorable rep-
aration, to demand his passports instantly, and
reporthmiselfto his own Government; and there-
upon the American people would send a sufficient
squadron to the Gulf, take possession of Cuba,
and hold it as an " indemnity for the past and a
security for the future." The respect due to our
flag, the protection of our citizens, and the honor |
of our country, demand such action at the hands
of our Government. Nothing less than such a i
course can entitle us to re.spect, either at home or i
abroad; and such, 1 flatter myself, will be the
policy of the Executive. i
The Island of Cuba is almost in sight of our
shores; our commercial relations with it are oi
the highest practical importance; our citizens are
almost compelled to have daily intercourse with j
that people; and they should and mu^t be made I
to respect ourliag and the rights and immunities
of our citizens.
And now, Air. Chairman, I desire to look at
our relations to this island in another aspect. I
quote from the President's message the follow-
ing paragraph: :
'•The. Irluwi fimri ifc jin.jt'OTl, com-
r.iu.iu- li... mouth oi li.'j cunt die ainiieube and ,
annually increasing trade, foreign and coastwise, from the
valley of that noble river, now embracing half the sovereign
States of this Union. With tiiat island under the dominion
of a distant foreign Power, tins trade,of vital importance to
tliese States, is exposed to the danger of being destroyed
in time of war; it lias tntherto been subjected to perpetual
injury and annoyance in time of peace."
If this statement, made by the President, be
true, and no one doubts it, what course does the
safety of our country make it incumbent upon us
to pursue ? Self-preservation is said to be the first
law of nature. That it is so with individuals,
none deny; that the principle is equally applica-
ble to governments, all must admit. Is it not,
then, essential to the peace and preservation of
our country, and absolutely demanded, to enable
us to protect the rights of our citizens, that we
should possess the Island of Cuba? The intelli-
gent nations of the earth, looking at the commer-
cial and geographical relations that our Govern-
ment sustains to this island, will and must admit
the necessity and propriety of our ownership and
occupation of that territory. What, then, should
be our policy? First, that recommended by the
President, namely, its purchase for a fair and just
compensation. But suppose,sir, that we fail thus
to acquire it—and who is there so ignorant as not
to know that we shall be disappointed in any such
expectation ? What statesman is there so short-
sighted as not to know that England and France,
even if Spainwas disposed to cede us tha-tislejlH,
would interfere and prevent it? Sir, it must be
evident to every man, who knows anything about
the policy of England and France, that it is the
settled purpose of those Governments that we
shall never extend our dominion, if they can by
"any means, fair or foul, "prevent it. Their influ-
ence at the Court of Madrid is known to our
Government, as is also the jealousy with which
they regard our tenitorial extension.
What, then, I inquire, are we to do in the event
of a refusal on the part of Spain to ccde to us this
island? The timid diplomatist, the hesitating,
compromising, statesman would say, that we must
mildly insist and diplomatically urge upon Spain
the justice and necessity of our demand. Sir, we
waiit moreaction, and less diplomacy, m the man-
agement of this Government; more unyielding
firmness and promptness, and less scribbling and
insincerity, in all our diplomatic relations. We
certainly possess intelligence, perception, and pa-
triotism enough to know our rights. Why shall
we not, then, assert them ? and, if denied, let us,
like men descended from an illustrious ancestry, [
resort to all the means with which we are so !
bountifully blessed to enforce them. This is the i
only true policy for every great nation to pursue.
It is essentially our policy, at this period in our i
national career, with the impending difficulties j
that now surround us. Are we to be retarded in |
our progress, and hedged ill by the diplomatic
acts and intrigues of England and Fiance? Aie :
we to permit them to come upon this continent
and arrest the spread of republican institutions?
to stay the onward march of human liberty > to
say to .American institutions, with all their glori-
ous results, " thus far thou shalt go, and no fur-
ther?" Such, sir, are not the sentiments of the
people of this great nation; such are not the feel-
ings that now animate their bosoms; and, let me
assure you, sir, that the statesman who assumes
the fearful responsibility of permitting a pnl.cy
which leads to such cruel and unpatriotic results,
will, ere long, find himself under the ban of pub-
lic condemnation.
Sir, why is it that the?policy and principles of
the Ostcnd manifesto—the joint produciion of Mr.
Buchanan, then Minister to Engl and, Mr. Mason,
Minister to Fiance, and Mr. Soule, Miuislcr to
Spain—have not been exeented? In that justly
celebrated paper,(every word of which [approve,)
after presenting m a most masteily manner the
reasons that should induce Spam m sell to us the
Island of Cuba, and tlij# imposed upon us the
stern necessity of Assessing it, they say:
'• Jf Spam, (k'tid to the voico oflioi uv  n u.te;<j.-i, rtutl actu-
ated by stubborn pn.ie iui.\ a fui-e sfi-ccf i.n>;{n, i-iionld
refuse to <ell Cuba to tlx* Unued Pf;'':' < t'U'ii 'jir'.-uon
will cUW, what oiurlit ?o L>e iho cou;so of fS-e Ameneiui
Government unj<>  >-iifh rirrn.u^fanco.2 ? o^ii-pre^e!  ' nion
me hi.it law oi n^une with States; as well as individual?/'
thoy say:
" Out pa>t In. tory foibids that ve -houM ;vqe;!e tin L-i-
anri of tuba w :h<>ut the eon^'ia oi r'c Ml- d
bv the srtoat lawof j-plr-pro-'-ervation v\ cv
pif^ive our own oont-eimn r.'eUtude and •
sVhdct puicimiu tiiij cyutoO. \,c can . > d^ic.aiu the
censures of the world, to which we have been so often and
so unjustly exposed. After we shall have offered Spairf a
price for Cuba far beyond its present value, and litis shall
have been refused, it will then be time to consider the ques-
tion, does Cuba, in the possession of Spain, seriously endan-
ger our internal peace, and the existence of our cherished
institutions? '
" Should this question be answered m the affirmative,
then by every law, human and divine, we shall be justified
in writing it fioin Spam, if we possess the power; aud this
upon the very same principle that would justify an individ-
ual in tearing down the burning house of his neighbor, if
there were no other means of preventing the flames from
destro3'ing his own house.
" Under sueh circumstances, we ought neither to regard
the cost, or count the odds, whic#Spain might enlist against
us. We forbear to entei into the question, whether the pres-
ent condition of the island would justify such a measure." '
Wliat, sir, was then the opinions of these dis-
tinguished men as to the absolute necessity of our
acquiring Cuba ? Why did they then " forbear"
to enter into a discussion of the question, whether
the condition of the island, and our relations to
it, would justify us in wresting it from Spain, if
we failed to obtain it by purchase ? They knew
that such an investigation would result in the
inevitable conclusion that self-preservation and
our internal peace, and ihe existence of our
cherished Union,'' demanded it. What they con-
ceived to be public policy at that moment alone
prevented them from announcing to the world
such a conclusion. Is there loss public necessity
for our possessing Cuba now than then ? Have
our relations to Cuba assumed a more fayorable
aspcct? Is our commerce less endangered now
than then? Are our citizens less harassed, in-
sulted, and maltreated ?. Would not the same ad-
vantage accrue to foreign nations in a war with
us now that would then, by their being enabled
to avail themselves of the advantages resulting
from the foreign occupation of Cuba? Sir, let us
speak and act boldly and independently upon this .
great question. It is useless, sir; it is supreme folly
for us longer to disguise the fact, thatan imperious
and unalterable necessity is rapidly hurrying ifs
on to that point of time when we must Lake pos-
session of Cuba. Why longer delay it ? The
difficulty of obtaining it only becomes more and
more complicated.
Letus offer to Spain a fair consideration for it;
yea, an exhorbitant one if you please; and hon-
estly and firmly advise her, in view of a continu-
ance of our peaceful relations and her own welfare
and interest, to accept it. If she refuse, then the fear-
ful responsibility and momentous consequences
will rest upon her. We shall then be justified, in
the eyes of all nations, in pursuing such a course
as the honor, dignity, anil welfare of our country
shall dictate.
I now pass, Mr. Chairman, to the examination
of our affairs with our unfortunate and ill-fated
neighbor, the Republic of Mexico. Our distin-
, guished Chief Magistrate, in speaking of our re-
j lations with that Government, thus addresses us:
I <• The r.oitliern boundary of Mexico is coincident with
! oar ouu southern boundary, Horn ooe;m to ocean, and we
] must necessarily feel a deep interest in all that concern.-*
I iho well-being and the fate of ko near a neighbor. Wehave
' always cheri.-hed the kindest wishes frn the succor of that
1 iloptibbe. and have indulged the hope that it ini-rl't at
! aft«;r <dl its trial",'enjoy pt'iioe and prospenty, under a free
! and stable Government. We have never inUimo interfered,
! dneetiy or uuhiectly, with its internal ailait^. and it is a
i dui> vv'iicJi wo owe to mu&eJvc.-1<> pion ot tin- integrity of
i jrs t'3rii!«t,y n«aiu-t tho hc^nl..- mt'ou'irnee of a.iy other
1 jVavei. Our ireorraphita! po-.mon, our d.ieet interest in ail
1 Uiatooneci:^ Mcum-, and out woll-setih d p iliey in lesrard
| citii. ?:. uh Aniencdu continent, i<ji>di.r this, an indispens-
able duty."
I While all this is true, it seems to me thst when
1 wo look at the present condition of Mexico, the
; intestine war that now is and has been for some
time ra<:Mg m that Republic, we are called on by
principles of humanity and philanthropy to inter-
i po&o. It ia umjucsi-ionuMy our duty to reeog-
■ nize ihe head of the constitutional Government
of that Republic, and at least byuur countenance
give to it aid atid encouragement.
' But, an , lot ubinqture if we are not called upon
by oar national interest and integrity to an more
. thou tins. What is the eilect of (he present con-
dition of affairs m AlcXieo upon our cciiHO'tcs
| ond intereouise with that people: Wo are 111-
| formed by the President " that no American
: citizen can now visit Mexico on 'awiul business
. without immsne'K danger to L's> person and prop-
erly." Our citizens have beon muideivd, lmpris-
'' ui.ed, and plundered; ba - the Government, though
' repeatedlv urged thci^t", have made no edort
■ ' euhei to piuiL:h the author of these outrages
