1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
to the House, has been a faithful member, and his
physical condition is such that it is impossible for
him to remain through a protracted session of the
House. I move that he be excused.
Mr. LETCHER. Then we are to excuse him
because he has been a faithful member, are we ?
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ. If we are to sit here and excuse members
"who are in perfect health, I think we had better
adjourn ana go home.
'rhe motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was disagreed to.
Henry M. Shaw. No excuse offered.
Eli S. Shorter. No excuse offered.
Robert Smith. No excuse offered.
Alexander H. Stephens.
Mr. GARTRELL. It is krffcwn to the House
that my colleague is in delicate health, and is not
able to attend protracted sittings of the House.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John W. Stevenson.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague left the Hall
about five o'clock. When he left, he told me he
felt too much indisposed to remain, and requested
me, if there was a call of the House, to announce
that fact to the House. I move that he be ex-
cuscd.
Mr." SEWARD. Well, sir, I have felt that
same way for two hours, and I think I might as
well be excused. [Laughter.] He voted against
adjournment, to my knowledge, and then left the
Hall. However, as he is a very polite man, [laugh-
ter,] I hone he will be excused.
Mr. STANTON. The motion to excuse the
gentleman is, I understand, debatable. I simply
desire to say that there is some misunderstanding
upon the part of the House in regard to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie.]
Mr. SEWARD. Why, he has been excused.
Mr. STANTON. 1 know it; but I hear gen-
tlemen talking about the impropriety of excusing
him. Those who know him know that his phys-
ical condition is such that it is impossible for him
to remain in the House during a protracted session.
Mr. BURNETT. Well now, sir, in reference to
my colleague, Mr. Stevenson, Itake it forgranted
that, when a gentleman tells me lie is unwell, it
is so. My colleague is not a man who would de-
sire such an excuse to be made for him if such
were not the fact.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not wish to see this call
of the IXouse turned into what amounts to nothing
at all. 1 oppoao the motion to excuse the gentle-
man from Kentucky on the evidence of my own
senses.
Mr. Stevenson was excused.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask thin House to excuse
me from attendance for this session. It is known
to every member of this House that I have been
unwell for weeks.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
Mr. COBB. I object, because we will have to
vote on a tariffbill.
Mr. FLORENCE. . Can the gentleman make
an application to be excused for the rest of the
session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that this
application cannot lie made. The House has or-
dered a call of the House, and excuses are only
in order except for absentees.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman fiom Indi-
ana asks to be excused now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is in order for the gentleman to ask to be excused
fiom this sitting.
Mr. HUGHES. That is the request I made;
but as there seems to be an indisposition to ex-
cuse me, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only objected to excus-
ing the gentleman for the rest of the session. I
want him here.
William H. Stewart. No excuse offered.
Albert G. Talbot. No excuse offered.
George Taylor.
Mr. RUSSELL. I move that my colleague be
excused. He has been on the printing committee,
and working hard.
Mr. NIBLACK. He is absent by leave of the
House.
Mr. LETCHER. If we have any evidence
he is sitting with that committee, I will vote to
excuse him; otherwise, I will not.
Mr.GARTRELL. Mr.Taylor,ofNewYork,
has leave of the House to be absent. • He is en-
gaged-on the select Committee on Printing. His
labors have been onerous. X think he is now pre-
paring his report.
Mr. Taylor was not excused.
Miles Taylor. No excuse offered.
En Thayer. No excuse offered.
John Thompson. No excuse offered.
Robert P. Trippe.
Mr. SEWARD. My colleague has been com-
pelled to go home, to attend to urgent business.
A Member. What business?
Mr. SEWARD. To attend to his court. I
move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
David S. Walbridge. No excuse offered.
Henry Waldron. No excuse offered.
Edward A. Warren.
Mr. GREENWOOD. My colleague has been
detained at his home by sickness. He has been
unable to leave his room for several weeks. I
move that he be excused. ^
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAMAR. I move that Mr. McR.ea be
excused. He is suffering from infirm health, and
is unable to attend a protracted session.
The motion was agreed to.
Cadwalabf.r C. Washburn.
Mr. POTTER. My colleague is detained from
his seat by illness. He was here this morning;
but was forced to leave. 1 move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to.
Albert G. Watkins.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. My colleague has
been sick for several days; and 1 move that be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Israel Washburn. No excuse offered.
William G. Wiiiteley. No excuse offered.
John M. Wood. No excuse offered.
Samuel H. Woodson. No excusc offered.
Augustus R. Wright. No excuse offered.
Felix K. Zollicoffer. No excuse offered.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be suspended.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. My colleague, Mr.
Clark, has been unwell for a number of days.'
He was here all day, and left to get something to
eat. He is now in the corridor socking to get in.
I ask that he be excused.
Mr. LETCHER, (at a quarter past seven
o'clock, p.- m.) 1 move that the House adjourn.
We have got to a point where we ought to adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we have
carried this tiling far enough.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I beg leave to say, that I
think that, if we ever intend to do anything under
a call of the House, this is the time. We are
threatened with an extra session of Congress, and
everybody knows! i'. We have had the roll called
four or five times; and it is not worth while enact-
ing this farce over and over again, unless we are
determined to make something of it. I hope that,
if nothing is made out of it at this time, we will
abolish the rules, and cease these farces.
Mr. FLORENCE. If for no other reason, I
should like to have ihe members of this side of
the House brought in; for in almost every vote—
with a Democratic majority here—they have
beaten us. ♦
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON How many members are
present?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty-
six gentlemen have answered to their names.
Mr. HOUSTON. There being a quorum pres-
ent, I move to dispense with furtherjiroceedings
under the call.
The SPEAKER. The motion ef the gentle-
| man from Virginia, to adjourn, is undisposed of.
| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
' tleman will withdraw his motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I will ^pot. 'withdraw it, no
matter who may appeal to me. If gentlemen want
the yeas and nays, I will vote for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STANTON. What have we been sitting
here for, for the last hour, except to send for the
absentees?
Mr. McGtUEEN. What have we been sitting
here for all day?
Mr. LETCHER. Wc excuse everybody, and
it is not worth while to sit longer.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire now to ask the House
to excuse me from further attendances its ses-
sion to-night. It is now after dark. I have not
walked to the House for several weeks past, and
I have to walk home to-night. I hope the House
will excuse me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will adjourn, and let us all go home.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Craig,
of Missouri, to excuse Mr. Clark, of Missouri,
Mr. HOWARD said: I hope he will be allowed
to come in and make his own excuses; for he is
standing at the door.
The*motion was disagreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I moved this call in good
faith; but I see that nothing will result from it.
I therefore move that all further proceedings un-
der the call be dispensed with.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be dispatched for the absent members.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make an inquiry of the Chair. If the House
should now adjourn, what would be the first
business in the morning? Would not .the Ser-
geant-at-Arms have to bring in the absent mem-
bers at that time ?
The SPEAKER. The caH ends with the
adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it is in
order to proceed with business during the absence
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, I move to suspend the
rules to take up Senate bill No. 341.
Mr. NICHOLS. I make the point of order
that that motion is not in order during the call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion j^uiot in order.
The House has not suspended the call.
Mi. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that we cannot- proceed with
business,even though there be a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered that
there shall be a call, and is prdceeding in the ex-
ecution of that order. The House has also or-
dered the Sergeant-at-Arms to go in search of the
absent members. So long as that order remains
unrevoked or unrepealed, it is not competent for
the House to transact any other business than to
execute the call. Whenever the House shall de-
termine to suspend all further proceedings under
the call, the ordinary business can be proceeded
with.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the House do now
adjourn. It is a farce for us to stay here. We
punish ourselves and no one else. I hope we
shall adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Suppose the Sergeant-at-Arms,
having absent members in custody, should return
here and find the House adjourned, will he not
have to brins those absentees before the House
to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. Such has not been the prac-
tice. The Chair had oceasion to look into this
question last session, and all the precedents he
found showed the fact that the call falls at the ad-
jSurnment of the sitting.
Mr. SPINNER. 1 desire to give notice, for
the benefit of absentees as well as those who are
now here, that during this session I shall move a
call whenever I find the House without a quorum.
Mr. MOORE. I ask that my motion to adjourn
be put.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. WHITE. I move that my colleague, Mr.
Gillis, be excused. He is the oldest member
of the House, and I think it is due to him that he
should be excused.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. It seems to
