1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1881
me we might just as well dispense with this call
and go home. Those who are absent are on the
record, and we can accomplish no good object by
remaining here longer under the call.
Mr. SPINNER. I wish to say that it is my
intention from this time, to the close of the ses-
sion, whenever a quorum is not present, to move
a call of the House.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to excuse
Mr. Gillis.
Mr. SEWARD. Would it be in order to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. Gillis was not excused.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to a&k the
Chair a question. The gentleman from Georgia,
[i\$r. Trippe,] whom the House refused to ex-
cuse, I understand is now on his way to Georgia.
Are we to sit here until he is brought back? That is
my understanding of the effect of Uie ruling of the
Chair, unless we dispense with the call. My idea
was, that when we had called the names over for
cxcuses. and the Sergeant-at-Arms had been dis-
patched for the absentees, a quorum being pres-
ent, we might proceed to our ordinary business
until the absent members were brought in. The
ruling of the Chair, however, places us in an
awkward position. We are either compelled to
abandon our proceedings against the absentees,
or wait un-til the Sergeant-at-Arms has brought
in all the absentees, which, if he is compelled to
go to their homes after them, would occupy more
than the remainder of the session. I most re-
spectfully submit that the effect of the ruling of
the Chair is most inconvenient, and that it would
be well for him to reconsider his decision.
Mr. BONHAM. I take it for granted the
House would dispense with the call when the
members who are accessible have been broughtin.
Mr. FENTON. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] has an-
nounced that the members on this side of the
House are always here in sufficient numbers to
outvote the other side, I would suggest that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be instructed to confine him-
self in arresting members to the Democratic side
of the House, and that the Republicans who are
absent be excused. Would such a motion be in
order ?
The SPE AICER. The Chair supposes it would
be in order to move to excuse certain gentlemen.
Mr. FLORENCE. While the fact which I
stated,is true, yet^sir, I am a friend of equal rights,
and I would not make such an unjust discrimi-
nation as the gentleman from New York suggests.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to call the
attention of the Chair again to the point I pre-
sented. There is no longer a necessity for us to
continue under the call. There is a quorumpres-
ent. The absentees are all on the record. Why
keep the doors closed ? Why not let them come
in ? We have them upon the record all the same
as absentees. Whom do you wish to exclude ?
Do you wish to exclude the men you have sent
for? The idea of keeping the doors closed is ut-
terly useless. There is no necessity for it; none
in the world.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
one object in closing the doors is to keep in those
who are already here.
Mr. BONHAM. There is another reason.
Those who are absent are practically under ar-
rest. If they were here they would have no right
to vote. The House, therefore, should close its
doors, and exclude them from being present and
participating in the proceedings of the House until
they have been excused and released from !^ie
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I submit that we
have no right to deprive a member of his consti-
tutional rights. I will only add, in reply to the
remarks of my friend over the way, [Mr. Flor-
ence.] that one reason why the opposite side of
the House beat us so often, is that they have the
benefit of his assistance occasionally.
Mr. FLORENCE. I should just like the gen-
tleman from Virginia to point out one instance.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
the tariff bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am acting in accordance
with the recommendation of the Executive upon
that bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of order upon those gentlemen over there.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and twenty-
six members have answered to their names.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I think we
had better open the doors, and go on with the
business of the House.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee if he does not know that a quorum
would not remain here five minutes after the doors
were opened ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, 1 have
discharged my duty in the matter, and the gen-
tleman has his.
Mr. SPINNER. And now I mean that other
gentlemen shall theirs. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that a
quorum of this House is a constitutional body to
do business; but that they have no right to com-
pel the attendance of absentees. The Constitu-
tion is clear and explicit in saying that a smaller
number than a majority may compel the attend-
ance of absent members, and may adjourn from
day to day. There is no authority for a majority
of members to compel the attendance of absen-
tees. The express delegation of power is, that a
smaller number than a majority may compel the
attendance of absent membeis; but there is no
delegation of power to a quorum of a legally or-
ganized House of Representatives to compel any
man to attend who is absent. The policy is to
let your records show the absence, and to leave
them to their constituents. I think that there are
many here who care nothing about the record or
their constituents. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the Constitution,
and the rule of the House, be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Each House shall be the judg-; of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of
each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller
number may adjourn from day to day, and may be author-
ized to compel the attendance of absent membeis, in such
manner and such penalties as-each House may provide."—
Constitution, article one, section five.
" Any fifteen members (including the Speaker, if there
be one) shall be authorized to compel the attendance of
absent members.—Rule 6.1, of the House.
Mr. CLARK R. COCHRANE. If fifteen men
can order a call of the House, one hundred and
twenty-six certainly can.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with, in order that we may go to the consider-
ation of the business. I have never, in my short
career here, known one of these calls to amount
to anything.
Mr. COLFAX. Allow me to say, that having
put our hands to the plow, we ought not to look
back. We ought to prosecute this thing to the
end.
Mr. JEWETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
McQ.ueen were appointe3.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 48, noes 68.
So the House refused to dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings under the call.
The Sergeant-at-Arms was announced at the
bar of the House, having in custody under the or-
der of the House, Messrs. Bliss, Abbott, Clark
of Missouri, and Bryan.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Bliss, you have been
arrested and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting yourself withouttheieave of the House.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. BLISS. I do not know that I have any
sufficient excuse. I will only say that I remained
here during the session of the Committee of the
Whole, and enabled its excellent chairman to
drum up a quorum; after that was done, fearing
that I would do discredit to my habits, and injury
to my health, I wentto dipner. Upon myreturn,
(and my dinner was rather long,) I returned here
and found.the doors closed. I then went to the
Senate Chamber to look after the Cuban refugees.
I came hero as soon as I could get in.
Mr. STEWART,'of Maryland. We have
heard the gentleman's explanation, and there
seems to have been some ground for his absence.
I therefore move that he be excused—on,die
payment of costs. [Laughter,] ■■ ,
The motion was agreed to. • . • ' ; "
The SPEAKER. Mr. Abbott, you have been
arrested and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting yourself without the order of the House.
What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. ABBOTT. I think that I have- made a
good excuse. I remained here, as usual, until
nearly dark; and I thought if I remained here
much longer my friends would think I had not
brains enough to take care of myself;- so 1 went
to my dinner. I returned, but was refused ad-
mission, the doore being closed. I went then to
the Senate, and have been there taking care of the
affairs of the nation. 1 have no other excuse to
offer.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the gentleman
be excused on payment of fees, on the ground
that, as I suppose the dinner was a good cine, it
warrants the payment of the sum.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Abbott
was excused.
The SPEAKER. John B. Clark, you have
been arrested and brought to the bar of the House
for absenting yourself from the sittings of the
House without leave. What excuse have you to
offer?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I left the House
this evening in consequence of indisposition. I
am sorry 1 was not excused before I was arrested.
I have come here for the last three or fourdaya,
m bad health; and I am now under the effect of
medicine.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
Mr. Clark, of Missouri, was excused. " • •
The SPEAKER. Mr. Bryan, you have been
arrested and brought to the bar of the House for
absenting yourself from its sittings without leave.
What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. BRYAN. I was attending to the interests
of my constituents outside of the House. In re-
maining here, I was only listening to speeches
that were not benefiting them or me. I thought
I could attend to their business better than by re-
maining. As soon as I got my dinner I returned,
and have since been waiting at the door. "
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move that the
ger.tleman be excused on payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to say that Mr. Leach,
who boards in the same house with me, is very
sick; and I ask that he be excused.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has already
been excused.
Mr. SEWARD, (at quarter to eight o'clock, p.
m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WINSLOW called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to. .
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to suspend all
further proceedings under the call.
Mr. NICHOLS. Is an amendment to that mo-
tion in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. NICHOLS. I understand that the com-
pensation lawauthorizes the deduction of a day's
pay for each day's absence of members. Is it in
order now to move, as an amendment to the mo-
1 tion, that such members as are absent, without
! excuse, shall have their pay deducted ?
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thijiks that an
| order of the House cannot interfere with the legal
I rights which a member enjovs under the law.
,j Mr. KELSEY. Would ifbe in" order to move
I! to suspend the rules, and go into the Committee
!| fo the Whole on the state of the Union?
i: The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The
House is now executing an order wluch must be
revoked before any other business is transacted.
The question was taken on Mr. Winslow's
motion, and it was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—aves 46, noes 64.
Mr. COBB! Mr. Speaker, I have been so un-
well all day, that I have not been able to remain
in my seat a quarter of the time. If there were
any prospect of doing any business, I would en-
deavor to remain; but there is not. I ask to be
excused from further attendance.
Mr. Cobb was excused.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We have accomplished
