1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
usurpation of arrogant power on the part of Eng-
land/to which this country ought not to submit;
and to which we cannot, without losing our self-
respect? Sir, while I disclaim all sympathy for
Walker and his confederates, who are doubtless
actuated alone by selfish considerations, and be-
lieve that our neutrality laws should be rigidly
enforced,yet I am one of those who question ex-
ceedingly the right of this Government, under
our " neutrality act," to molest Americans after
they leave our shores with the avowed purpose
of inhabiting another country on this continent.
Whether they intend, after their arrival, to aid
in changing the institutions of the country, or
not, is a matter that does not concern us. Sir, let
no technical impediment be thrown in the way of
our Americanizing Central Amei'ica. Humanity,
philanthropy, and Christianity; demand that it
shall be done at no distant day. Such is our man--
ifest destiny; and why should we be afraid to pro-
claim it to the world ? Wave upon wave of im-
migration will roll in upon that country, until, ero
long, its internal wars, ignorance, superstition,
and anarchy, will be supplanted by peace, knowl-
edge, Christianity, and our own Heaven-born
institutions.
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Mr. W ASH BURN, of Maine. Mr.Chairman,
I have taken the floor at this time for the purpose
of presenting some thoughts concerning the Re-
publican party, its duties, and dangers. "As I can
speak fox- no one but myself, their expression, I
trust, can do no harm to that party or to the cause
which it represents; and, perhaps, some good
may be accomplished by calling the attention of its
members, in this way, to the subject to which
they refer.
Two antagonistic ideas underlie the political
movements of the country and will be represented
by its political oiganizalions; and no paity which
is not founded upon, and is not true to, one or
the other of these ideas, can, in the elemental
struggle which is going on, preserve anything
more than a transient and unhealthy existence.
"Until the question, " which of these ideas shall
prevail?" shall have been decided intelligently and
definitively, there will be room for no other par-
ties than those which represent its opposing sides;
andsuch others as may endeavor to obtrude them-
selves upon the public, and to tease it with their
impertinences, will be dismissed speedily, and
with no excess of ceremony, from its presence.
The ideas to which I refer are, I need not say,
the democratic and the aristocratic. The demo-
cratic affirms the equal rights of all men; while the
aristocratic denies the existence of such rights,
and divides mankind into classes—a governing
and privileged class, and a governed and disabled
class. And the real question before the American
people is, which is" the true government: that
which recognizes the democratic idea, or that
which builds upon die aristocratic? I know of no
better statement of the former than is to be found
in the Declaration of Independence. Say the au-
thors of that great instrument:
We hold Ihoc initio to be oclf evident, ih>:t all incn
are a eated equal; that they arc endowed hy! heir Creator villi
certain unalienable! iqkls; that anion* thae ore hje, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. That to sccitre thew rmlU-* gov-
ernment? arc instituted ainonn; ?ne?i,.deriving their, jits r
POWERS FHOM THE CONSENT OF THE GOVERNED."*'
A practical and authoritative exposition of the
latLer is contained in thcLecompton constitution,
the seventh article of which reads as follows :
" The ri^bt of piopeity is before and higher than any con-
stitut'caul sanction : and the ri«kt of the owner of a sieve to
such st'we ov.d its macule us the same, and w> imioUl/lc, ua
the ? t.g,Ll of the of any property whatever -y
The party which, by a strange misnomer, is
called Democratic, is the representative of the
doctrines of the Lecompton constitution; the life
of its life is derived from the ideas upon which
that instrument rests. The Republican party
draws its inspiration, its principles, and its les-
sons of duty* from the Declaration of Independ-
ence.
The business of the former is to consolidate an
oligarchyin these United States, and makeitper-
pctual; of the latter, to secure to the people " the
blessings of liberty,''and to the States a" repub-
lican foim of government;" and hcnce it is well
called thu Republican patty, in contradistinction
to the oligarchical (misnamed Democratic) party.
And here, precisely, is the great, vital, cential nisue
of the day, " Shall this Government be a Repub-
lic or an oligarchy?" In other words, shall the
Constitution, which guaranties to the States a
republican form of government, be preserved in
its integrity and power, through the elforts and
faithfulness of the Republican party, or shall the
doctrines of the so-called Democratic party be
accepted,and its purposes accomplished, the Con-
stitution subverted, and a baleful oligarchy estab-
lished upon the ruins of our republican system ?
Talk as men will, doubt or dissemble as they may,
the real and imminent question is as I have stated
it; and one way or the other it must be decided
by the present generation. A question vaster in
its issues has not arrested the attention or de-
manded the action of the American people since
the Revolution; God grant that they may be equal
to it! Mr. Chairman, shall a republican Govern-
ment, or that of an oligarchy, be the one under
which you will live, and which you will transmit
to your children ? The question has been dis-
tinctly raised by the sham Democracy, and the
real Democracy must settle it. That I do not err in
what I have asserted to be the purpose of the mis-
called Democracy, appears fiom facts and mani-
festations the most obvious and unmistakable. I
can refer to but a few of them. The self-styled
Democratic party is essentially a southern or slave-
holdcrs'party. Its policy, in reference to all ques-
tions of national or political interest, is dictated
by the slaveholders. It has yielded to them, by
a two-thirds rule, the nomination virtually of its
candidates for President and Vice President. In
its national conventions it permits a slaveholding
minority to control a non-slaveholding majority;1
thus discarding the. Democratic principle- that the
majority shall govern. It consents that a slave-
holding minority may piescnbe the issues upon
which every national canvass shall be conducted,
and pronounce the shibboleth which every Demo-
crat shall repeat, from the Rio Grande to the Allc-
guash. It asserts, through its President, that—
'•The Supicine (Joint of the Uniicd Htatea has decided ,
that all Ameucau cinz^iih htivu an equal light to take into
the Tenitorje^ whatevei is hold as piopcrty under the Iau*s> j
of any of* the tUate*, and to hold such propeity there cndfr !
THE GUAJIDIANSHIP OF THE FEDERAL CONSTITUTION, SO
long a& the tejnionai condmuii shall lemam. Tius,i«no\v
a well-oj-tahlij-hcd position.
It requires the acceptance of this " position'?hy
the Democratic party as one not to be denied, or
even brought m question. It insists that the '[
inhuman and impious declaration of the slave- •'
holding judges of the Supremo Court*of the Uui- ;!
ted States, that those who bear "Gods imago !.
cut in ebony" have no rights which white men |i
are bound to respect,1' and may be treated as out- '!
laws and hunted as wolves, shall be rcceivcd as
a sacrcd and indubitable verity. p
< It demands the admission of Oregon info the
Union as a State, with.a constitution which denies i'
to colored persons, although they may be citizens
of sovereign States under the constitutions there- ■[
of, the right to maintain suits at laio for the vmdi- ;j
cation of any right, or the redress of any wrong, jj
It compels its allies of the straight Whig school j;
to renounce all the cherished ideas and oft-re- ;I
peatcd decollation of the Whig party, and, by ii
unavoidable implication, to stamp as weak or'1
hypocritical the great chieftains of that once pow- ' |
erful organization—Clay, Webster, and others, 1
whoso names will stand conspicuous and eternal ;!
in the firmament of their Country's history—and. ij
wallowing m the mire of an inconceivable degra-
dation, to assert, as a northern Whig journal has
recently asserted, that— \\
'•The decimation that ail men aic endowed with an in- ':
alienable uu;bt to lilioM), and that tins nuiit is> selt-evideal. ,
i-s cniifuuueL'ul hy natuidl lea-'on, by rafuai roh'non, and i,
by ti)rt ^acird SeiiDturc-. and h-.uK not onh to nuiuehty, "
but aho to ar.ucliy and athei-m 33 , j
Sir, the purpose of the Democratic porty in the !
inauguration of that carnival of cume in Kansas, i
of which the annals of that people will preserve j
the faithful record, through everlasting genera- i
tions, are placed beyond ail doubt in Us closing |
scenes. j
Something more than a year ago the Democratic i
party causal a constitution, prepared by the Ad-1
ministration ot Washington, to be sent to the !
Territory of Kansas, and thence returned to the 1
President of the United States, with a certificate, '
held t>j bo In gal and sufficient, to the fact that it i
had been acted upon and adopted by the people |
of that Territory, as their organic law; when, in •
truth, the people never agreed to it, and had 110
opportunity of voting against it. Among its pro-
visions was the extraordinary one I have already
quoted, and which I will read again:
" The ri^ht of property is before and higher than any
constitutional sanction,* and the ris*ht of an owner of & slave
to such, slave and its increase, i$ the satne, and as inviolable*
as the right of the owner of any property whatever."
^ And this constitution the Democratic party in-
sisted, by its President, its members of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, (with a few
exceptions,) its politicians, its State Legislatures,
its newspaper press, ought to be acceptable to Con-
gress, and recognized by that body, as a proper
and republican constitution, containingno provis-
ions inconsistent with the theory of our Govern-
ment and the principles upon whicE it was found-
ed. The Democratic party, I repeat, perceived
in the fact that this article was in the constitution,
no objection to the admission of Kansas as a State;
on the contrary, it insisted that notwithstanding
it contained this article, and mainly, no doubt,
because it did contain it, the State should be ad-
mitted at once into the Union.
The object of the Democratic party in urging
with unexampled zeal and pertinacity the admis-
sion of Kansas under the Lecompton constitu-
tion, was not merely to secure another slave
State, but also, and more particularly, to obtain
from Congress a recognition of the doctrines so
clearly set forth in that instrument—doctrines
wholly incompatible with the republican idea,and
which, in practice, constitute an oligarchy. For
it was perceived that if Congress could be in-
duced to admit a State into the Union presenting
itself with a constitution not republican within
the meaning of that clause of the Federal constitu-
tion which declares that " the United States shall
guaranty to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government," but clearly founded
upon oligarchical principles, the revolution in the
Government, for which the slave power has been
foryeais laboring, would be accomplished, and
an oligarchy, a nation of classes, a Government
founded in the theory that men are not equal, but
always and necessarily belong to different classes in
respcct to political and civil rights and privileges,
would he acknowledged to be the proper Govern-
ment for a State of this Union.
Nov/, sir, if it be indeed true that the right of
an owner of a slave " is before and higher than
any constitutional sanction, "itfollows that slave-
holding is founded in natural law; it is a God-given
and indestiuctible right; it is above all merely
human laws; it cannot be destroyed or impaired
by any earthly powet. This dogma, if true at
all, is all true; if good in and for Kansas, it is
equally good in and for Maine, and for every State
in the Union. It is a *rath of universal applica-
tion, and can be legitimately resisted nowhere.
And pray, sir, what does an acknowledgment of
it involve? Why, undoubtedly this; that,as the
ught to hold slaves is from the Almighty, it is
wrong, and even impious, to deny it; that what-
soever relation God has established among his
creatines is not only right, but one which human
laws must assa'l in vain; and that Governments
and institutions based upon different relations are
false and immoral; they are m opposition to the
laws of God; in violation of His holy will; they
nfock His wisdom and power. Hence, you per-
ceive, Mr. Chairman, that every free State is es-
tablished upon false and atheistic principles; while
those States which recognize the Divine right of
men to hold propei ty m men are in harmony
with the highest laws, are true and religious
States, and may well look for the favors and bene-
dictions of Heaven. Thus we arrive at the logi-
cal conclusion, thnt a government which docs
not rest upon the oligarchical theory of castes or
classes is no lightful and legitimate government.
This is the lesson of the Lecompton constitution;
and to obtain a practical recognition of it by the
Congress of the United States, is what the slave-
holders designed to accomplish by the admission
of Kansas under that constitution.
Heretofore, in the admission of States into the
Union with constitutions establishing or protect-
ing slavery, there has been no such acceptance of
the oligarchical idea as would have resulted from
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution; for in no previous instance has the
constitution presented by a State applying for ad-
mission contained a provision like the one which
