800 .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
I have read from the Lecompton constitution.
,Theso constitutions, so far as I am informed, have
all been framed on the hypothesis that slavery
might be established or regulated by positive law,
and not that it existed by natural and universal
Jaw. They have never assumed that slavery was
of inherent right, and that laws inhibiting it were
violations.of .the higher law, and therefore void.
From their provisions no inference could be drawn
that freedom was not as good as slavery; and we
know historically, that their framers, with few
exceptions, regarded slaver,)' as an evil; and that
until within a few years the great majority of the
citizens of the slave States have looked upon all
legal and constitutional guarantees of the slave
system within the States as the adjuncts of a state
of society which would soon pass away. The
constitutions to which I hare referred contained
revisions for the regulation of an existing evil;
■ut the Lecompton constitution denied that sla-
very was an evil, and affirmed its .intrinsic right-
fulness and its univeisal necessity. The former
treated slavery as a thing to be enuured for a
time, notwithstanding its oligarchical character;
the latter as an institution to be cherished and
defended on account of that character. A State
which tolerates a system, oligarchical in its na-
ture, and which it knows not how to be well rid
of, may, nevertheless, be a republican State,
within the meaning of the Federal Constitution;
for its government and temper may, on the whole,
be republican; whereas, a State 111 which such a
system should be in accordance with its central
ideas, the outgrowth of lis cherished polity and
the substratum of its society, could not, with any
propriety, be called republican.
This extraordinary article of the Lecompton
constitution was not necessary for the protection
of slavery in Kansas; for this end might have
been effected by such piovisions as have been
embodied in the constitutions of other States;
but for the designs of the slaveholders it was of
the first importance. If they could succeed in
bringing Kansas into the Union with a constitu-
tion not merely protecting or establishing slavery,
but also declaring it to bf^a just and indispens-
able relation in every well-ord'ercd society and in
every true government, it was believed that all
serious opposition to slavery and its extension 111
this country would cease, and that the transform-
ation of the Government from a Union of free
States to a confederation of oligarchies would be,
easy and certain. Killing to carry this point, the'
Democratic party next insisted, to the end that
the oligarchical idea should ill some way be de-
clared preferable to the republican, that a State
with a slave constitution should come into the
Union with forty-five thousand inhabitants, and
protested that no frte State should be admitted
with less than ninety-three thousand.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have dwelt longer, perhaps,
than was necessary, upon these facts and infer-
ences; but 1 desired to show, In' the most incon-
testable proofs, what the ulterior designs of the
slavery propagandists are, and that the Demo-
cratic party is their organ and representative, and
fully committed to the work of executing their
commands.
Now, sir, the other idea—the Democratic as
opposed to the aristocratic, the Republican as \
contradistinguished from the oligarchic—the ltfeR ]
upon which tins Government was founded, wilj !
never he loft without a representative among the ]
political parties of the country. When, after ;
years of uneasiness and apprehension, it became j
apparent to the people of the free States that the
Democratic pony, as it calls itself, had been sub- I
sidized by the vdudders, and it was seen that
amon^ the organizations of the day there was no
one winch, fiom its combined earnestness and lib-
erality, was competent to maintain the cansjy of
liberty and lvpubbcam^m against the plotting of
the slaveholdmg oligarchy, they dr.l-.iyud not to
call into existence a party which Uiev hoped might
be able tg execute this hi£h commission, and they
gave it the name of the Republic ay p\rty. Sir,
what better or more appropi iat^ name could have
been given to it? It is suggestive of the better
days of the Republic; it has'an odor of genuine :
nationality^its associations are of liberty, order, ;
and law; it is the name by which the author of !
the Declaration of Independence, and the father '
of the Constitution, chose to be known; it speaks
for itself, uud need*: no qualifying terms; and men I
who are afraid, or ashamed, to own it, are not, I
fear, those to whose guidance the ark of the Con-
stitution may be safely committed. The party
which is worthy to wear it should hold every
lover ofliberty, every hater of oppression, every
opponent of slavery fanaticism, whether in the
North or in the South, for it draws the breath of
its life from the Declaration of Independence, and
it "stands in defense of the Constitution."
This party was formally organized at Philadel-
phia, in the month of June, 1856, and in the sue-"
ceedingNovemberitcarriedtheelections jn eleven .
of the free States by unparalleled majorities; and
if it is not to-day in the ascendency in eveiv free
State this side of-the Rocky Mountains, the ex-
ceptions are those States only in which its friends
have been unwilling to stand upon the strength
of their own principles, and within the organiza-
tion of their own party, but have sought alliances
and coalitions with men, and bodies of men, whose
purposes were not coincident with their own,
thinking to gain something by swapping off prin-
ciples for voters, and ideas for allies. Sir, this
policy cannot win. God forbid that it should. Its
fruits, where it bears any, are Dead Sea apples.
The party which seeks to obtain power by adopt-
j ing it will expose itself to the fate of the eagle who
j stole a piece of flesh, to which some embers were
i sticking, and thereby burnt up its own nest. How
Ion? before men and parties will learn that noth-
ing is to bo gamed by fear and cowardice; that no
party can or ought to reap success which does not
believe something, and believe it with all its might?
Mr. Chairman, parties and men, to borrow a fig-
ure' from Wait) r Savage Landor, "like columns,
are only strong while they are upright." If our
idea is not the true one—if an oligarchy be better
than a republic, or if there is no real danger, and
the slaveholders do not d'eserve to be opposed, let
us say so like honest men; but if, believing in
Republican principles, and seeing that they aie
assailed, we desire that they may prevail, let us
say that, and say it as if we were not afraid that
we should fail in our efforts to maintain them.
We cannot fail, if we are true. There were never
any issues presented to the American people so
strong as those which have been given to the care
of the Republican paity. They are stronger than
the party, or than any party that ever was in this
country; and the organization which is faithful to
them is stronger than any man in it. We shall
grow weak only as we ignore or deny them. In
those States where the Republicans have been
contented to abide in their own organization, and
rely upon their own issues, the party .is united
and impregnable; and a like policy "will be attended
with similar results in eveiy State. But if Repub-
licans v/jll encourage men not to depend upon
their own principles, but rather upon coalitions,
bargains, and offsets—so much fur so much—it
will be impossible for them to preserve a p#rty
which will enjoy the confidence and respect of the
people.
I have noticed that many persons, Americans
and others, in opposition, are accustomed to speak
of the Republican party, not as a great, fixed,
necessary party, with rights and purposes of its
own, but as a chance gathering together of men,
or as a mere organization of convenience, ready
and fit to be used fiom time to time, as occasion
may seem to require, as an instrumentality to de-
feat the Democratic pa?ty; not for the sake of vin-
dicating Republican principles, but to beat the
Demociacy and place a new set of men in power.
Not long since a number of very*respectable gen-
tlemen assembled in this city to see what was to
be done with this Republican party, and how it
could be made most available—not for a success-
ful resistance to Democratic pro-slavery schemes
and plans, but to whip the Democratic party.
And they were so kind, according toa New York
journal, as to say that the Republican party " isa
groat power, "and f hat" its disorganization would
be neither politic nor desirable; that said party
has vitality and force which must be availed of in
anyeffott to reform the Fedeial Government."
1 can smile at the charming patronage of these
benignant gentlemen; but it gives me inexpress-
ible pain to know that Republicans here and there
arc, by their words and counsels, giving these men
and others license, or excuses at least, for holding
the low views which they have of the character
and mission of the Republican party. Itis too bad,
that men calling themselves Republicans dioukl
give countenancc to this degradation of their party,
treating it as a piece of merchandise to be dis-
posed of to the highest bidder; and I have ob-
served that there aie some among them who seem
even more anxious to dispose of what they have
on hand than get anything in return; rivaling in
benevolence the liberal publican who, we are told,
" exults to trust, and blushes to be paid."
Sir, a party must have faith in itself, and re-
spect for itself, if it would be more than a mock-
ery^and a sham. To be powerful and respected,
it must be'positiveand self-reliant. Its ideas and
purposes must be clearly defined and well under-
stood. It must have unquestioning faith in the
truth, fitness, and necessity of its issues and ob-
jects; for its first duty is to be, in respect to them,
as perfect as it knows; they should express its best
thoughts and its profbundest convictions. A
party careful to be right will be earnest, and earn-
estness is the hardest opponent that wrong and.
error can encounter; a mere opposition party is,
of necessity, a failure; it rarely succeeds in car-
rying an election; and when it does, it inevitably
falls to pieces afterwards; for without unity of
purpose, or homogeneousness of materiel, with
nothing to keep it together but the " cohesive
power of plunder," it quarrels about the spoils,
and, by a poetic justice,tf]nds its executioners in
the causes of its apparent succcss.
Shall we admit that a party which was brought
into the world to oppose the slave power in its
efforts to overthrow our republican institutions,
to maintain the fundamental ideas of the Govern-
ment, to resist an oligarchy, to stay the spread of
slavery, to restore the " action of the Government
to the principles of Washington and Jefferson,"
is not strong enough and well-founded enough to
succeed? That it has anything to gam by avoid-
ing these issues orexchanging them for others ? If
there was ever a party on the earth which could
not afford to herniate as to its duty, or to be less
than true and logical, it is the Republican party.
Its fidelity is the condition of its success.
Let us, Mr. Chan man, learn wisdom from our
opponents. Look at the Democratic party and
note its policy. It has held possession of the
Government, with short interruptions, for more -
than a quarter of a century; not because it has
been alwajrs right, but because it has been in
earnest and has dared to trust itself. It has never
paid court to its opponents, or stooped to specu-
late upon their weaknesses and divisions; al-
ways bold and uncompromising, it has never
doubted its own sufficiency and invincibility, and
so it has ever been a mighty power in the land.
And let not the lesson to be read in the fate of
the old Whig party be lost upon us. It was the
weakness of that organization that it was too
much a party of expedients and providences—
always waiting for something to turn up. It had
no sufficient unity and persistency, and picked
prevailing faith. Its questi^is were of measures
rather than principles. It was more disposed to
be controlled by circumstances than to make itself
the master of circumstances; and so, wi'th all its
intelligence and worth, it enjoyed no great tri-
umphs. In 1810 and 1848 it resolved itself into
an opposition party; and though it gamed " fa-
mous victories," it gained neither strength nor
power. Divided rn its councils, the Democratic
party ruled, in fact, with exception of a brief pe-
riod, the Administrations which it inaugurated.
| In 1834, the slave power, acting through the
! Democratic party, demanded the abrogation of
| the Missouri compromise, by which slavery had
| been excluded from all that part of the Louisiana
| purchase lying north of 3(P 30'; and that partv
i being in power, of course granted its request. A
! large majority of the people of the free States
! resisted tins demand, not merely that it involved
: a violation of plighted faith, but also for the rea-
! son that the prohibition sought to be removed
j was within the constitutional power of Congress
j and a wise and just exercise thereof. The Dem-
! ocratic party north attempted to justify the Ne-
braska bill upon the ground that it was necessary
toa practical recognition by the Government of
what was called popular sovereignty. This was
a false and delusive pretext, for the reasons that
theie was no real popular sovereignty m the bill,
and that the great majority of those who sup-
ported it denied that there could he any such thing
in a Territory. The questions raised by this
measure were discussed before the country with
