1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aoa
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, .of Missouri. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
n, sider the vote justtakenj and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the tafcle.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGENTS OP SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. STANTON. I now ask the consent of the
House to have taken from the Speaker's table the
joint resolution of the Senate for the appointment
of two Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was taken from the table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That during the ensuing two weeks it <*liall be
in order each day after to-day (bi the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to take a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m., after which hour general debate may be in-
dulged m : Provided, That no vote shall be taken at such
evening sessions, except on motions that the committee do
rise and the House adjoutn.
Several Members objected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
And then, on motion of Mr. GROW, (at fifty
minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 11,1859.
Prayer by Rev. C. II. Hall.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ates a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating the report of Professor J. H.
' Alexander, appointed a commissiorer, under the
joint resolution of February 26 , 38.77, to provide
for ascertaining the relative value of the coinage
of the United States and Great Britain, and/ixmg
the relative value of tne unitary coins ot the two
countries: which was, on motion of Mr. Mason,
referred to the Committee on P'Rance.
He also laid before the Sen. e a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with the ninth section of the act of
June 12, ]858, reports of the Second and Third
Auditors, in regard to claims whieh arose during
the war of 181§ with Great Britain; which was,
on motion of Mr. Hunter, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing the nanics of
the persons employed in his office during the
year 1858, and the amount paid to each; which
was, on motion of Mr. Mason, ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Ed ward
Erinley, an officer in the Navy, praying to be al-
lowed the difference between the pay of a mid-
shipman and that of a lieutenant, during the time
he acted in the latter opacity; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of Cap-
tain Zadock Pang burn, praying an appropriation
for the purpose of testing certain improvements
in vessels and lile-boais; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying that the public lauds
may be laid out m farms, tor the free and exclu-
sive use of actual settlers; which was ordered to
lie on the table—a bill having been reported on
that subject.
He also presented a memorial of the Board of
Trade of the city of Racine, and apetition ot citi-
zens of Racine, Wisconsin, praying the consn no-
tion of a pit r-he;td on the north pier in the liorbor
at that place, and the erection of alight-house
thereon: which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Mayor
and City Council of Racine, Wisconsin, praying
the construction of a pier-head on the north pier
in the harbor at that place, and the erection of a
light-house thereon; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of Joel and
■Thomas R. Hcdgpeth, praying indemnity for
losses by Indian depredations; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Indian affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Henry
B. Livingston, an officer in the revolutionary war,
praying for half pay and arrears of pay for ser-
vices, under the resolves ofOctober21, 1780,and
March 8, 1785; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
petition of Joel M. Smith, praying a per centage
on his disbursements as pension agent at Nash-
ville, Tennessee; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of John
Gordon, chief messenger in the Post Office De-
partment, praying for compensation foa,extra ser-
vices; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Hiram J.
Graham, praying the establishment of certain mail
routes in Iov/a, Kansas, and Nebraska; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I present the
petition of citizens of Paterson, New Jersey, pray-
ing that the public lands may be laid out in farms
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers;
and, m this connection, with the indulgence of the
Senate, I wilt rmnaik that, at the very first op-
portunity, I shall press the consideration of that
bill upon the Senate. It was made the special
order for the first day of this month; but other
business having come up, it has been passed by.
At- the first favorable opportunity, however, I
shall press the consideration of the homestead
bill.
The petition was laid on the table.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. POLE. At an early day in the session, I
had the honor to submit the petition of Galium
Baley and others, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. Itwas a claim for depredations
by the Mohave Indians. I have spoken to the
chairman ofthe Committee on Claims, and I move
that that committee be discharged from its farther
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre- •
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles, j
and referred as indicated below: j
A bill (No. 313) granting a pension to Mary j
Blattenbcrger, widow of John Blattenberger—to j
the Committee on .Pensions. 1
A bill (No. 3~>7) 101 the lelief of Abel M. But- \
ler—to the Committee on Public Lands. '
A bill (No. 36b) for the relief of Hannah Littel,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill (No. 4-11) for the relief of the assignees
of Hugh Glenn—to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
A bill (No. 443) for the relitf of William F.
Wagner—to the Committee on Chums.
A bi'l (No. 17) for the relief of Enoch B. Tal-
cott—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 44.";) for the relief of Samuel A.
Fairchilds—to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
A hill (No. :;86) for the relief of Shade Callo-
way—to the Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 21) for the relief of
Hall Nielson—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
H. Rives Pollard, praying that an adequate sal-
ary may be attached to the office of the United
States consul at Bangkok, in Siam, to-which post
he hfis recently been appointed, has instructed"
me to report adversely.
The same committee, to whom was referred a
communication from C. J. Fox, United .States
consul, at Aspinwall, asking an increase of his
salary, has directed me to make a similar report-
in that case.
I am instructed by the committee to state that
in each of these cases the petitioner is a consul
and applies for an increase of his salary; that con-
suls are commercial officers, and not at all diplo-
matic officers. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations find in these cases nothing in which they
are given to understand that these consuls have
performed any diplomatic duties; they therefore
regard the subject as falling outside of their prov-  
ince. They, at the same time, think that these
subjects properly belong to the Committee on
Commerce; but inasmuch as the Committee on
Commerce has been discharged from one of these
cases, and caused the petition to be referred" to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, there is no course
left for our committee but to ask that the reports
be laid on the table, with the explanations I have
given.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 5G) authorizing the Sectary of State
to pay the salaries of the ministers resident to the
Argentine Confederation, Costa Rica, and Hon-
duras, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a communication from the Secretary of
State on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom the
subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 500)
authorizing the President of the United States to
use the public force of the United States in the
cases therein provided; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Henry C. Flagg, praying that he might
be allowed his portion of the half pay to which
his father was entitled for services in the revo-
lutionary war, submitted an adverse report.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
waAeferred the bill (H. R. No. 324) to allow the
legal representatives of Samuel Jones five years'
full pay in lieu of half pay for life, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, fiom the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Joshua
Mercer, reported a bill (S. No. 502) restoring
Joshua Mercer to the roll of invalid pensioners;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
FURNISHING THE CAPITOL.
Mr. DAYIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed To:
Resolved, That the Coiiimitlue on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquire and report as to tile pro-
visions necessary to be made tor fuiiiioinng the north wing
ot the Capitol. .
OUTRAGES AT PANAMA,
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be ieque«tc<l, as far as is
consistent with the public niteiesl, to communicate to the
Senate the coiie^poudL-uco, injunction?-, and other informa-
tion j elation to outrage? committed on citizens ofthe
United States on the Isthmus ot Panama, State of New
GianaUa.
HEATING THE CAPITOL.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Building^and
Grounds be lnstiuctod to inquire into the propii' fy ot ex-
tending to the center building of the Capitol the &>stem of
Ueatmg now applied to the wings. 4
SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. HAIjE, it was
Ordered, That the report of the To^master General, in
relation to tne charges against the official conduct or the
postmaster at San Francisco, be rehired to the Committee
on lim foa-t Office and Post Uoud-.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
