1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
be said in reply, after the Senator has been in-
dulged in his remarks, or has taken, on his own
motion, permission to make his remarks on this
subject. I wish to reply to but a single intima-
tion of the Senator, in order to have that dis-
tinctly and well understood. He says that the
minority absolutely and obstinately refused either
to speak or to vote upon th'e bill. Now, sir, the
Senator misapprehends the true state of the case.
He does not state the exact condition of things
with relation to the matter, and that condition of
things I wish should not be lost sight of. I stated
it last evening, and should not have deemed it
necessary to state it again had not the Senator
made the remarks he has made this morning.
Sir, that important bill for the acquisition of
Cuba had not been, in all the time, under discus-
sion two days, or more than two days, in the
Senate from the moment it was originally intro-
duced. That was the whole time that had been
devoted to it. I stated last night that there were
a considerable number of gentlemen yet on this
side of the House who desired, before the vote
was taken, to address the Senate, and, through
the Senate, the country, on this subject- This
Senate had been in session for twelve consecutive
hours for each of the two days preceding yester-
day, and it had been in session when the last
speech was closed, from eleven o'clock until nine
o'clock—ten hours more—yesterday. The de-
termination, or the choice presented to us, was to
go on and do our speaking after all that severe la-
bor, and under that fatigue, during the hours of the
night into the morning—a thing that could be re-
quired of no mortal man—or to permit the vote to
be taken. Under these circumstances, we did not
choose to submit; nor did wc choose to submit to
the proposition that was intimated, or said to be
intimated—1 heard nothing of it—to fix a time
during the day which we could not know, in the
nature of*things, when the vote was to be taken.
Underthese circumstances,a bill which had passed
the House, and which might become a law if there
was a majority in favouof it in the Senate, was
brought up here m antagonism to that bill, in order
to present these two: one that could becomealaw,
and one that could not, without action and debate
of some hours. As to the motions that were made,
the motions that were made to adjourn nearly all
came from the other side of the Chamber, and not
from this,as the Senator will recollect, as did some
of the other motions; and the calls for the yeas
and nays also came from the other side of the
Chamber, and not from this; and, therefore, all
the time was spent from nine o'clock till twelve
o'clock, or nearly one, under these circumstances.
I state these things in order that it should be
well understood, not that I wish to avoid any part
of the responsibility that rests upon me with re-
gard to the determination I had fotmed, so far as
my action was concerned, that the vote should not
be taken last night, and that our friends should
not be driven to make theirapeeches in the night.
So far as that goes, 1 am willing to bear my part
and take my share of the responsibility that any-
body choo&es? to put upon us. With tins expla-
nation, following what has been *aid by the hon-
orable Senator, I am willing to leave the question
to the Senate.
Mr. .BRIGHT. I was absent yesterday, when
this test wne was taken. 1 desire to state now
that, had 1 been present, I should have voted with
my friend from Lqpisiuna, being in favor of the
nieasuie. *
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make one single re-
mark. I was icqucsted by the §enator from New
Jersey [Mr. Wright] to make the statement that
he had paired olF wiih the Senator from Vei mont,
[Air. Collamer,] of he would have voted with the
majority. 1 was not here when the motion to ad- i
joum was made, o  1 should have made this an- ]
nouncement then, that the Senator had paired off
Mr. FOOT. 1 made the announcement.
Mr. DIXON. 1 wish barely to state that I
should have voted to lay the bill on the table, if
I had not paired off. 1 had paired off with the
honorable Senator from Fiouda. jj
Mr. WADE. 1 only want to say one single j|
word. I was about taking the floor, as it prop- ]•
eily belonged to.me, at the time we refused to go
on. I am prepared to make a speech upon that j|
subject. I was then as well prepared as I am jj
now; but I was very much fatigued, having bt en j
here so long three nights in succession, that I II
thought it was unreasonable that I should be
called upon to make a speech here, at that late
hour of the night, upon a question that I deemed
more important than any that ever has come be-
fore Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Ohio will
allow me, I have heard the explanation on each
side; each party has explained its action for itself;
and I hope the vote will now be put on the mo-
tion to take up the appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to add that my
colleague, who differs with me entirely on this
subject, had his time here, and was heard very
patiently, at a.prope hour, and made a very able
speech upon this subject. I wish to answer him;
but I do not think the representative of a sover-
eign State ought to be called upon to express his
views upon a question of this importance in the
night season, when men have generally retired to
rest; and upon that view I refused to go on.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Thomson,] not now present, was con-
fined to his room, and is still confined to his room,
by indisposition. If he had been present, he
would have voted against the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the motion'is
to postpone this Cuba question, and all other
questions, and take up the Army appropriation
bill. Before the motion is put I desire to say that
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] came
to me yesterday and wished me to ascertain how
many Senatois on this side of the Chamber in-
tended to speak on the question. In response to
his appeal, I consulted with the Senators with
whom I act, and found that at least eight Sena-
tors had prepared elaborate speeches on his bill,
and intended to redeem the pledges made when he
forced the consideration of this mere political de-
vice upon our consideration. They were ready
to go on with the debate, but they did not feci
that they should be forced to go through the weary
hours of the night. We all knew that this was a
mere political scheme, got up to raise, if possible,
the falling fortunes of a beaten party; and we
knew, too, that this question was to Lg forced
upon the country by the votes of eleven Senators
representing the free States of the North—Sena-
tors who are under the ban of popular condem-
nation. Knowing that this miserable device of a
waning party was to be forced through to defeat
the popular will as expressed in the next House
of Representatives, we were in no haste to con-
sume'the hours of night with the discussion of a
question of no piactigal importance. We were
ready to devote the proper hours to its consider-
ation, and we are ready now to go on. I have
prepared, with some labor, some remarks in favor
of the amendment 1 have proposed, to open re-
ciprocal commercial relations with Spam, and the
other nations south of us on this continent; and
if there be no objection, I desire to print my re-
marks.
Air. DAVIS. Oh, no.
Mr. HUNTER. That would not be in order.
Air. WILSON. I am toid that this is not the
practice of the Senate, and I withdraw my re-
quest.
Air. JONES. I merely wish to state that, if I
had been here, I should have voted with the ma-
jo! ity in relation to the Cuba question. I am in
favor of the acquisition in any possible way.
Air. DAVIS. I wish to ask the indulgence of
the Senate merely to state that I left the Senateat
a late hour, from the necessity of the case, sup-
posing the debate would be conducted until Sen-
ators became woary, and then an adjournment
would take place, with a view to continue the
discussion to-day. 1 intended briefly to present
my own views upon the subject, not having heard
exactly what I thought expressed by anybody,
and being an earnest advocate of the acquisition
of the island by some proper and honorable mode.
I had hoped, therefoie, to have an opportunity to
express my views to-day, and to have voted for
the measure. I wish meiely to say this because
1 was necessarily absent.
Air. CLARK. Last evening I stated to the
Senate that I desired to offer some observations
upon this subject of the acquisition of Cuba; and
after I had so stated, and given my reasons for
not going on last night, it was said by the hon-
orable Senator from Alississippi [Air. Brown] i
that n was palpable the Senators who had said I
they desired to go on, and had speeches to de-
liver, had no speeches to deliver. I did not find
any opportunity of replying last evening, because
he moved to lay the bill on the table; and I had,
therefore, no time. I desire to say that I am
now prepared to go on and discuss it; but at this
stage of the business, if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance desires to call up the appro-
priation bills, I shall give way and not urge it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is this debate
in order ? There seems to be a general confes-
sional. I ask is it in order, in accordance with
the decision made last night, upon a motion to
take up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is nothing
now on which to make the point of order. The
Chair refused to make the point of order himself.
MISSOURI LAND FUND.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask permission to be allowed
to withdraw my motion to reconsider the vote on
passing the bill providing for the payment to the
State of Missouri of the reserved two per cent,
land fund of that State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the motion will be considered
as withdrawn.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will now
be put upon my motion.
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a small bill which
it will not take one minute to pass. It has already
passed the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way for a bill.
It can be voted on to-morrow, in the morning
hour.
Mr. RICE. I do not know that we shall sit
to-morrow morning.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, Monday morning.
Mr. RICE. It. is merely a House bill to mark
the boundary of the State of Minnesota.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way for any-
thing.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 667) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
The Committee on Finance reported one
amendment, which was, in line twenty-three to
strike out " seven" and insert " six," so as to
make the clause read:
For subsistence in kind, .$1,969,540.
Mr. HUNTER. That is to correct a mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. There are some amendments
which 1 wish to offer from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. The first amendment is, to strike
out all between the word "no," in line eighty-
nine, to the word "approved," in the ninety-
third line, being in these words:
" Portions of the money hereby appropriated shall be ap-
plied to the construction of permanent barracks and quai-
ters until plan?, wn^ lull specifications and detailed esti-
mates, shall be submitted to Congress and the same shall
be ;
and in lie*i thereof to insert:
Permanent barracks and quarters shall hereafter be con-*
structt'd. unless detailed estimates shall have been previous-
ly submitted to Congicss and shaH have been.
So as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That no permanent barracks and quarters
shall hereafter bo constructed, unle-s detailed estimates
shall have been pieviou->ly submitted to Congress and shall
have been approved by aspocial appropuation for the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state that the proviso, as
it now stands  
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the amendment,
and have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment which I
offer is, to strike out the proviso from the ninety-
fourth to the one hundred and first line, as fol-
lows:
Prortrfcrf,/ur/&er,Thntany officer of the Army who, as
a disbursing agent, shaH hereatter undertake to engage the
public credit in advance of an appropriation made by Con-
gress, shall, upon conviction before a court-martial, be dis-
missed from the service, unless he shall exhibit, as his jus-
tilleation, an oider in wuting to make such disbursement
ftom his superior officer, approved by the Presidont of the
United States."
This is very unnecessary legislation, and, I
think, somewhat unwise. The law, as it now
