THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE,
■ in, ht ,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1859.
Then, sir, this Administration took up the pol-
icy of the last, for the sake df magnilyine; that
desert route, now and hereafter to be known, I
trust, as the disunion route; and in order to
reach San Francisco by the thirty-second parallel,
the present Postmaster General, without author-
ity of law, has located along that parallel a mail
route at an expense of more than half a million
dollars.
I have said that the Administration policy has
been to belittle the central and the northern
routes; to represent them as impracticable; to
represent them as being in a condition unfitted
for the location o^ road like this. Now, sir, the
testimony of the officers who have surveyed these
lines—little as those gentlemen were accustomed
to the location and construction of rail ways, little
able as they were to examine the subjcct, resolve
it into its component parts, and make up a sound
judgment worthy the confidence of the country—
shows that the central route is a practicable one;
that the route by the Canadian through Albu-
querque, across the Colorado, and thence through
the Tulare Yalley to Sau Francisco, is a practi-
cable route; and that the route from Lake Supe-
rior to Puget Sound is a practicable route.
Let me quote here, sir, the testimony of some
of the gentlemen who went over these routes.
Governor Stevens, now the Delegate from "Wash-
ington Territory, surveyed the northern route.
Those who know him, know him to be a gentle-
man of great intelligence. 1 hold in my hand an
address recently delivered b}^ him in the city of
New York, before the American Geographical
and Statistical Society. He has examined that
whole country, and he says in regard to the tem-
perature:
"There werp more cold day* on the line of the Great
Trunk laihoadj mid of tlie loads in Mmiies-oiajiliau on tins
noithern route."
Referringto the impediments to be encountered
from snows—and he is a native of New England,
familiar with the snow-storms of that region—he
says:
" If I were a=k£ri where I should e\'pcet the most diffi-
culty fiom snow in the whole counuy imm thy Ailar.ac to
itie I'de.fie, I should say the first ten miles from the Atlan-
tic ports;."
I find, too, that in his report as published, of
the very highest portions of that route among the
Rocky Mountains, he says:
" We find on the route no desert; we find on the route no
tremendous snows; we find the country there noaily all
aiable and adapted to gsazmg."
He says further:
" In 1853-54, my parties cro??ed in the depth of winter
the Eh? Hole Pass/Hell Gate X'a^s. the Little ttuckfoot Pass,
and Caelofs Pans; and the greatest depth ] saw. except when
drifted, was one foot."
He states that the Indians, with their wives and
their children, traverse these passes at all seasons
of the year. I have here, also, the report of Lieu-
tenant Saxton. He says, writing on the 26th of
August, when near the summit of the Rocky
Mountains, between the head waters of the Co-
lumbia and Missouri:
" Oui route was along the Flat-Head river, through aline,
open countiy, with an abundance of fine timber upon the
lulls back from the river." * * * * 14 The
sun does not shine upon a better spot of earth.
k' i find that my previous ideas of the Itocky Mountain
range were, so far aa this section is concerned, entirely er-
roneous. Instead ofava^t pile of rock and mountains,
almost impassable. I found a tine countiy. well watered by
streams of clear cold water, and inteispersed witn meadows
covered with the most luxunant grass.
£* We ciossed, to-day, the hignest mountain m our route.
It was one of the Itocky Mountain ramie, <utd, I think, may
be avoided in the construction of a railroad. It was rain-
injr heavily when we crossed it. Itis cpveiedtoitssummit
With a heavy <rrowthof timber." ***** *
" September o.—Marched twenty-five miles due west,
along Lne banks ot'the'Cla^kfoor Folk nver, through a mag-
nificent countiy, fitted to support a numerous population of
civilized men. Us biacins air and sriand mountain scenery
will give inspiration and energy to the future inhabitants of
thi* mountain region.
" September 6.—VVe marched thirty miles, and are now
encamped on the last dividing lidgo of the mountains. An-
tonio says that \v^ shall see to-morrow the long looked for
plains ot the Missoun. We parsed through a legion of the
same line chaiactei as that of yesterday, but with more
t:.nber and more game. I saw numerous large, fi'te-look-
20
New Series,.
ing elk, wlueh would have made a welcome addition to our
slender stock of provisions; but we did not succeed in tak-
ing any.
" The grass and timber are as good as can be found any-
where. It is contrary to all my preconceived ideas of the
Rocky Mountains, to And such a country in their very
heart.
" Crossed the last dividing ridge of the mountains, and
are encamped on a small creek upon the eastern side, one
of the head branches of the Missouri. The ridge which di-.
vides the waters flowing into the Atlantic from those flow-
ing into the Pacific, at the place where we crowed, is but
a high lull, and it is not more than a mile in a straight line
( between tlie sources of the Columbtaand the Missouri. Na-
I ture seems to have intended it for one of the gieat highways
across the continent. We stopped and took a partinp; glass
of the clear, pure water ot the Columbia, and in a few mo-
ments pledged the toast from ihe stieam whose waters
flow to mingle with the gulf of Mexico. The view from the
summit of the pass is grand and beautiful—the Atlantic
und Pacific slopes of the mountains, spreading out on either
side, and embracing on this lull of union as well as of si-p-
aiation.
"The mountains at this point offer no obstacle to the con-
struction of a lailroad fium this place to ihe Flathead vil-
lage. With the exception of one mountain, easily lo bo
avoided, a finer region through which to build a load can
nowhere be found. Th^vast amount of timber and stone,
granite and marble, will furnish an inexhaustible resource'
ot materials lor its constiuction."
It will be remembered that Lieutenant Saxton
spent several months in traversing this country,
at the head of twenty-five men. lie had no sick-
ness, lost no men, was only one night without
wood over the whole route. He saw Indians
who owned a thousand horses; he saw immense
herds of buffalo; he found the entire country,
among the very summits of the Itocky Mountains,
adapted to agriculture and grazing, and contain-
ing some of the most beautiful spots on the North
American continent. He says, in summing up:
" From as careful a survey of the country throush which
X passed as the limited means at my disposal, and "the rapid
rate at which I traveled, would admit, t give as the result
of my observations:
" First. That from the mouth of Walla-Wal'a river to Fort
fienton no insurmountable obstacle to the construction of a
laihoad exists ; and that the ISlackfoot or Cadotte's pass is
much the lowest pass through the Rocky Mountains that
has yet be n discoveied, and eminently litted by nature for
the line of railroad.
u Second. That the region is well watcied.rich in agricul-
tural and nuneial resouiees, and abounding in fine timber,
and all other materials necessary for the constiuction ot a
railroad. It is destined, and at 110 very distant peimd, to be
occupied by a civilized and energetic population, capablc
of making roads for themselves, independently ot those
which are to form the gieat lines ot communication between
the eastern and western oceans.*'
Well, sir, we all know that the country from
Lake Superior to Fort Benton is a beautiful and
a rich country; that it is a country where people
can live, where you can grow a people, and estab-
lish the institutions that elevate and refine them.
And here we have the testimony of Lieutenant
Saxton, in regard to the country in the very heart
of the Rocky Mountains. Passing bej'ond those j
mountains to Puget Sound, all the evidence goes I
to show that the country is rich, well watered, (
well wooded, with timber enough around Puget j
Sound to supply the ciulized world for years. It I
is a great commercial line. Any man who will
take the map and look at the lakes and -the rivers,
and look at the conformation of the country, will
best route across this continent
But it is said that the British Government in-
tends to build a railroad from Lake Superior to
Vancouver's Island. Well, sir, I hope that it will. j
I have no fear, no jealousy of that Power, which I
is rising up along our northern frontier, from the !
Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. It is a great conn- 1
try, of three million square miles; it is owned, and j
partially occupied, by a free people; and whether i
it is to be, as I trust it will be at some future day, I
a portion of our Union or not, it is a portion of j
the world with which our intercourse must be ]
great, both commercial and social. The subject '■
has been brought up in the British Parliament. |
Mr. Roebuck, m Augustlast, called the attention j
of the Secretary for Colonial Affairs to the con-
struction of this railway. The Secretary, in re- j
sponse to tliatcall, indicated that the British Gov- j
eminent hoped to make suchaiailway across the j
continent. Lord Bury, in a speech recently made j
at Toronto, says that in all human probability i
such a railway yill be constructed by Great Brit-
ain, and at this time there is, on this side of (he
Rocky Mountains, a corps of surveyors on thai
line. There is at this time, at Victoria, a corps
of surveyors from England, who, in the spring,
are to survey this line. It is said, also, that an
attempt is being made to organize in England a
company with a capital of $50,000,000, to continue
the Grand Trunk railway across the continent.
We connect with Canada by the road from Port-
land to Montreal, by the roads through Vermont
at Rouse's Point, at Ogdensburg, at Niagara Falls,
and at Detroit; and if they should build a rail-
way—and if we do not, I hope they will—we shall
tap that road; we shall be connected with that
road along the whole line to the Pacific ocean,
and the benefits of it will accrue to us as well as
to them. It excites no apprehension in my mind
that the British Government, or the Canadian
people, propose to construct such a railroad.
Now, sir, I pass over the central route—the
reports concerning it, of Fremont, Stansbury,
Beckwith, and others, have long Wen familiar to
the country—and I proceed to examine the south-
ern route, the route down on the frontiers of Mex-
ico, the desert route, which we shall consider
henceforth, after what has been avowed on this
floor, as the disunion route. An interested por-
tion of the public press is filled with glowing ac-
counts of Arizona, of its mines, of the wealth
buried there, of its agricultural resources; but
every intelligent man in America knows that, for
a great distance this side of El Paso, for one hun-
dred and twenty-five or one hundred and fifty
miles, there is one of the most barren and desolate
spots on the face of the globe—the Llano Estaca-
do, or Staked Plain. The Government has just
expended §100,000 to dig Artesian, wells there.
None have been attempted to be dug on the north-
ern or central routes. They are not needed on the
northern; you do not dig any on the central; but
away down on this, southern route #100,000 has
been expended to find water; and Captain Pope
lias abandoned the undertaking, having failed al-
together.
The country from the Pecos to El Paso is a bar-
ren and worthless country, without wood, and
without water fit for the use of man or of beast;
and the country from the frontier of Texas, from
El Paso for thiee hundred and fifty or three hun-
dred and sixty miles to the Gila, and then from
the Gila over two hundred miles to the Colorado,
and from the Colorado two hundred and seven-
teen miles to San Diego, a distance of nearly eight
hundred miles altogether, is a sterile and barren
country, over which, in the words of Professor
Henry, " sterility reigns supreme." Lieutenant
Whipple says of the country on the river Pecos,
in Texas—this beautiful, rich land, full of fertility
and beauty, if we are to rely on what is now sta-
ted—Lieutenant Whipple, one of your own offi-
cers, says the valley between the Pecos and the
Rio Grande, "for hundreds of miles, is a blank and
dieary waste, with scarcely a shrub to relieve the
eye of the traveler."
This is over the Staked Plain, over which this
southern railroad has to pass, to reacji El Paso.
You have spent $100,000 to get water there; you
have dug six or eight hunndred fectdeep, and you
cannot get it. That is a fine ocuntry to build a
railroad over! That is the route winch has been
lauded to the skies, while the rich and fertile re-
gions over the northern and the central routes
have been undervalued altogether. I do not cer-
tify to the truth of this extract; but a correspond-
ent of the Cincinnati Times, writing fiom El Paso,
in alluding to the breaking up of Captain Pope's
artesian well expedition, and the consequent
sale of public property, says:
"Amongst other tinners are three hundred horses and
mules, witn not a sign of hair on them from head to tail,
caused by drinking the water of the Feeos, the best that
can be had in tnat vicinity."
Beautiful land this to run'a railroad through!
Fine land for agricultural purposes; fine country
lor the European raccs, and for free institutions !
It is a. country that will never be settled to any
