1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
stands, restricts such practices to a very few cases
—subsistence, transportation, and clothing of the
Army. It is quite improper, I think, to deprive
them of that power, and it is now very closely
guarded. I do not think this provision will guard
it at all more fully than at present, though it at-
tempts to hold over the officer who makes the
purchase, as a threat, the loss of his commission.
It is well known that the disbursing officer, must
purchase when ordered by a superior officer, as is
stated here; but then, when it requires the approval
of the President of the United States, it requires
an impossibility. An army operating in front of
another certainly could not wait to get an order
from the President of the United States to author-
ize them to purchase mules with which to drag
the artillery with which they were going into bat-
The thing seems to me quite out of the ques-
tion. I hope the Senate will strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is in line
one hundred and fortjr-five, to strike out all after
the word " fortifications,"and insert " including
experiments on heavy ordnance for that purpose,
$200,000," so that the clause will read:
For armament of fortifications, including expenses on
heavy ordnance for that purpose, $200,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate for armament
of fortifications was $300,000. The House of Rep-
resentatives cut it down to $150,000, and I under-
stand the reduction was made with the consent
of the chairman of the Military Committee there,
and the Secretary of War—probably on his ad-
vice; and under such circumstances, it seems to
me, if they think these retrenchments can lJ& made,
we ought to permit the appropriations to remain
where the House has put them.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is an error about
the consent of the Secretary of War. However,
I will state very briefly what the amendment 1
offer means. As the bill now stands, it appropri-
ates $150,000 for armament of fortifications. The
estimate was $300,000. According to the progress
which we are now making, we shall not have a
sufficient armament for the fortifications now in
course of construction for forty years to come;
and yet the House of Representatives have cut
down the estimate one half. If thiq be judicious
economy—and I am not disposed to raise that
question at this time—I say, let it stand; but we
want experiments in heavy ordnance. We wish
to construct at least one gun of a caliber hitherto
unknown in the United States—say a fifteen-inch
gun; and in order to do this, we propose to in-
crease the appropriation $50,000, for experiments
in heavy ordnance, essentially with a view to the
construction of one gun of heavy caliber. The
largest now in the world is twenty-eight inches.
It is supposed, by the officer who has had special
charge of these investigations, that a gun of fif-
teen-inch caliber will fire very effectively three
miles; and with an elevation, so as to make the
aim somewhat uncertain, will fire effectively as
much as five miles. 1 am anxious that the ex-
periments should be made. Fpr years past the
appropriation has been sought. It is now brought
into a condition which, I think, commends itself
to the wisest considerations. I hope^herefore,
that the appropriation will be increased the sum
proposed, for the purpose stated in the amend-
ment—experiments on heavy ordnance.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps I was mistaken as
as to the estimate having been cut down by the
consent of the Secretary of War. I understood it
was done with the consent of the chairman of the
House Committee on Military Affairs; but, pos-
sibly, I may be mistaken. Certainly, however,
the reduction came from the Military Committee
of the House, and was sanctioned by the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. On account of the opposition
which is manifested, I wish to say one or two
words in relation to this matter. Within a few
years past the world has gone on improving in
ordnance and in ordnance stores. It has been
the particular point of manufacture to which in-
genuity has been most directed. We are falling
behindhand. In order that we should keep pace
with the rest of the world, it is necessary that
these experiments should be mode. The appro-
priation being reduced by the House one half,
there will not be funds enough to make the ex-
periment, and to construct such a gun as I have
spoken of, which is connected with these experi-
ments. If we expect to defend our seaboard cities
against naval attacks, we must keep pace with the
improvements in ordnance. I think it is quite
practicable for gans on shore always to be in ad-
vance in caliber and efficiency of guns afloat; but
if we stand still upon the old caliber and mode of
construction, we must go into combat, if combat
ever should ensue, with all the disadvantages of
not having the modern improvements in ord-
nance.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand that this reduc-
tion in this particular service was made by the
other House, with the assent of the Military
Committee there, and the assent of the proper
Department.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think not by the assent of the
Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. I so understood the chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. It is quite possible that I was
mistaken. The chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, I presume, knows better than I
do. It had the assent of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I think there is a mistake in
regard to the action of the House Military Com-
mittee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was only repeating the words
of the chairman of the Finance Committee. I
knew nothing about it, and said nothing about it,
of my own knowledge. I simply called attention
to the statement of the Senator from Virginia,
which he made upon authority, as I supposed.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that there is much
difference between the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance and myself. He has made a cer-
tain statement, which statement may be right in
one particular, but wrong as to the conclusion, I
am sure; because 1 know the Secretary of War
is anxious to have this heavy ordnance con-
structed, and to have these experiments, which
have already been commenced, carried to com-
pletion.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt I was mis-
taken as to the Secretary of War.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should think so, too. It is
generally the case that persons connected with
that Department, and especially the present Sec-
retary of War, very rarely ask for reduction in
that arm of the service. I thought it was a little
strange that he should recommend a reduction.
He wants to enlarge thatservice, doubtless under
the impression that the public interest requires it;
and, therefore, I did not think it likely that he
would propose a reduction.
Mr. HUNTER. Some of these reductions the
Secretary of War did propose. There is no doubt
about that.
Mr. DAVIS. The remark of the Senator from
Georgia requires but a single word in reply. The
fling he made at anybody who is at the head of
that Department, would be more appropriate if
he could show that the recommendation is unjust.
There is something, it seems to me, especially
unwise in merely cutting down dollars, without
knowing anything about the service, and arraign-
ing those who study the service, and present the
estimates to meet it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I concur with the Senatorfrom
Mississippi; but not upon the principle upon
| which he puts retrenchment, as I heard him say,
S the other day. I say, when a branch of the pub-
j lie service has been carried up millions of dollars
! in two or three years, it devolves upon those who
| manage it to give the reasons for the increase. I
i have done what becomes me, as a Senator and as
i is my duty. I have looked through the reports
] of these Departments. When I can find no suf-
| ficient reasons for a great enlargement of the pub-
I lie service, I think it my duty to cut it down,
I without knowing the contrary to appear. When
; the public service is to be enlarged, when large
expenditures are proposed for the military arm of
this Government, the information upon which it
is based should be laid before us. There should
be satisfactory reasons and facts shown to me, as
one of the guardians of the public purse, why I
should agree to it; not that I should show that the
estimates are wrong. You may take the estimates
of the quartermaster's department, $7,000,000, and
how is it possible for any Senator to understand
how much it is proper to appropriate? If the
Army has the same duty to perform, the same
amount of public service in the same country, and
yet has been increased in two or three years from
ten or twelve to $18,000,000,1 say, it becomes
my duty, until it shall be shown that there is an
increased necessity for this service, to assume that'
it is wrong and improper, and ought not to be
made. That is the basis of my action.
Mr. MALLORY. If there is any one branch
of the military service of the United States at this
time demanding special and particular attention,
it is the improvement of heavy ordnance. While
England and France spend millions of dollars
upon that arm of their military serlice, we hare
spent single dollars only. We have gained im-
mense experience, at comparatively little cost,
during the late war in the Crimea. - *
The Senator from Georgia says he must be
shown the necessity of this service. Here is a
miserable appropriation of $50,000; and the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs tells
us, if we go on at the present rate providing heavy
ordnance, we shall not have guns enough for sea-
board defense in forty years. That is his state-
ment. I know that all your leading fortifications
covering the Gulf of Mexico are unprovided with
guns. There are a few guns in one of them; but
those are of smaller caliber than any ship which
might be brought to operate against that fortifi-
cation would have. When we are told that, at
this rate of proceeding, we should not provide
guns enough m forty years for sea-board defense,
and here is a paltry appropriation of $50,000 to
make these experiments, which is the smallest
sum that will be serviceable, I see no reason for
hesitating.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bigler, Bright, Broderiek,
Brown. Chesnut, Chngman, Collamer, Davis, Fessenden,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gwin, Houston, Ivelw>n, Johnson
of Arkansas, Kennedy, Mallory, Reid, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Simmons, Smith, Ward, Wilson, and Wright—29.
NAYS—-Messrs. Durkee, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Slideil, Toombs,
and Trumbull—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to in-
crease the appropriation " for ordnance and ord-
nance stores, including horse equipments for the
mounted regiments," from $150,000 to $250,000.
I send to the desk a letter of the Secretary of War
to be read, and afterwards a word of explanation,
I hope, will suffice.
The Secretary read the following letter:
War Department, February 24,1859.
Sir : The appropriation for ordnance, ordnance stores,
and supplies having become exhausted, in consequence of
the heavy expenses incident to the recent operations on the
frontier, and the sum of @100,000 being required for expend-
iture under that head before the 30th of June next, I beg
leave to call the attention of your committee to the matter,
and have the honor to request thatauthouty may be ob-
tained to anticipate the appropriation for the next fiscal
year, to that extent.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
« Secretary of War.
Hon. Jefferson Davis,
Chairman of Committee on Military Affairs, Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The request of the Secretary of
War is to have $100,000 of the appropriation for
the next year to be used during the present year,
on account of the exhaustion of the particular
kind of stores there described. His estimate was
$250,000. That estimate has been reduced in the
other House to $150,000. We propose to give
him $100,000 to use during the present fiscal year.
Unless we increase the amountinthebill,itwould
leave him but $50,000 for the next year, which is
known to be quite inadequate. We therefore
propose to restore the estimate, and give him the
authority which he asks.
Mr. PUGH. This seems to me to be a part
of the arrangement to restore all the sums which
the House has cut down. Here is a definite de-
ficiency of $100,000 on one item for the present
fiscal year. If we are going to have retrench-
ment, I think we had better stand by what the
House has done. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is wrong in every
one of the points he makes. In the first place he
got the sum wrong, and in the second place, he
got the amount the Secretary asks wrong. He
asks it not because he has incurred debts as a
deficiency, but he asks it because the stores are
