1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
exhausted, and he wants them reissued. He
either must buy them on credit, as part of the
equipment of the Army, and pay more for them
than when he buys them with cash, or we must
give him authority to anticipate the appropria-
tion. Then again, we do not propose .to restore
every estimate which has been cut down in the
House of Representatives, but here and there,
where it was thought needful, it is proposed to
restore the estimate. This is one of that class.
It is not the case with every one of the items.
Mr. PUGH. Well, Mr. President, the letter
of the Secretary says that he proposes to use
#100,000 oflhis appropriation before the 30th of
June. That is a deficiency, if anything in the
world is; it is adding to the amount which we
appropriated for this fiscal year, ft is a clear case,
an undeniable case.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator surely knows what
a deficiency is.
Mr. PUGH. The Secretary will make it a de-
ficiency if he uses it.
Mr. DAVIS. He has not used it. He asks
you to give him the money to buy with, instead
of buying on credit.
Mr. PUGH. I was going to say that I saw,
in one of the New York papers, a statement which
I very much fear came from one of these Depart-
ments—probably from the War Department—and
what the Senator from Mississippi says gives
credibility to it—that the House accomplished
nothing by these reductions. If the officers of
the quartermaster's department buy on credit,
that is to say, commit the Government to the ex-
penditure of more money tlmn Congress deemed
adequate, I hope one of them will be made an ex-
ample of. Ho should be cashiered by a court-
martial; and, if the head of the Department allows
it, he ought to be impeached.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator talks idly. There
is no sue!ff proposition.
Mr. PUGI1. The Senator spoke of buying on
credit.
Mr. DAVIS. Buying what on credit—every-
thing and anything?
Mr. PUGH. Anything, 1 suppose. I do not
say what he buys ?
Mr. DAVIS. You may say so; but the Sec-
retary does not, and neither do 1.
Mr. PUGH. 1 say if we have no control over
the public[iiuse, if, when the two Houses ofCon-
grcss fix the amount of appropriation, the Quar-
termaster General, or any other officer of the
Army undertakes to make a contract for n larger
sum than the amount of the appropi lation, he
ought to be turned out of his office. If he may
commit us in advance to the payment of money,
we have no control over the Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall notattompt to argue with
the Senator. I do not believe ho hears anything
1 say to him. One thing is very clear, however—
the law now restricts the Department ill relation
to the articles which may be purchased on credit,
and it would be most unwise to deprive them of
the authority to buy clothing, food, and trans-
portation for ail army operating in the face of an
enemy.
Mr. PUGH. This is not clothing nor trans-
portation. It is ordnance and ordnance supplies.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not; it is equipments.
Mr. XJ t J G11. Equipments! I saw the esti-
mate which was laid on our desks the other day,
and the Senator from Vermont called my atten-
tion to it—an estimate of $250,000, to furnish the
regiments of cavalry with anew carbine and new
pisiol. .
Mr. DAVIS. It is not that at all.
Mr. PUGH. I think that estimate was over
two hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. This is not the thing to which
the Senator n fers.
Mr. PUGH. These are the same things, if I
understand it.
Mr. DAVIS. You do not understand it. .
Mr. PUGH. At ail events, I wiH take what
that Senator himself said. He says, if you do not
allow the ordnance office to purchase on credit,
the 
Mr. DAVIS. Not even that.
Mr. PUGH. ..Then I am at a loss to compre-
hend the explanations of my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Military fcommittee, and I beL
his pardon. One thing is very certain: here is an
attempt to increase the expenditures of the Army,
■when the House, and the House committee, upon
a careful examination, have cut them down. I
cannot make head nor tail of the explanations of
my friend. As fast as I take up one sentence, he
says it is not that. I know that the House wants
to cut down this branch of the service, and it
ought to be cut down, and I hope-we shall stand
by their action.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope I made such explanations
as were intelligible to the great body of the Senate,
I found it impossible to get the Senator to under-
stand me, and I did not think it useful to argue
with him.
Mr. PUGH. What is it?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no power to convince him
anyway.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to in-
crease the appropriation for the manufacture of
arms at the national armories from $250,000 to
$360,000. The estimate for the two armories was
$400,000. I learn from the superintendent of the
Springfield armory that with $360,000 they can
keep the machinery at work and the workmen
employed, for the ye&r, at the two armories. It
is quite possible to discharge the workmen, to
stop the manufacture of small arms at these arm-
ories, or to reduce it to any limit, if the Senate
please to do so. We arenow manufacturing, how-
ever, a new model of arms, the rifle and the mus-
ket, and it is necessary to get a large supply.
Having the machinery and all the heavy expense
for the manufacture on hand, it is a question
whether we shall allow the machinery to be em-
ployed at only part of its capacity, and discharge
the skillful workmen, or whether we shall make
an appropriation at this time to keep those work-
men employed. If they arc discharged it may
be difficult to obtain them again. There is appre-
hension on that subject. The question is, whether
we shall give enough to keep tne armories at work
for the year, or whether we shall cut it down as
proposed, with the knowledge that they must
work with a smaller number of hands and dis-
charge some of the trained workmen now in the
armories.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this esti-
mate ought to have been reduced. We know that
the manufacture of arms in years past has been
so great that they have accumulated in large quan-
tities, and we have now a great many small arms
which are of no sort of use to the service. We
cannot dispose of thetn, and I believe we cannot
use them.
Mr. DAVIS. What sort of arms ?
Mr. HUNTER. The old muskets. I should
like to be informed otherwise. I heard that we
had a large number of them which were useless.
What bccame of the old muskets?
Mr. DAVIS. We had some muskets made
before machinery was introduced in the manufac-
ture of muskets. Many of them were condemned
and sold some tenor twelve years ago, according
to my recollection; but the large number of mus-
kets which we have on hand under that old model,
are weapons which may be as good as the new
i model. That lemains yet to be decided. It is a
! subject on which men differ. It is easy to find
i those who will tell you that the old musket is of
! no value. I can find those whose opinion is worth
; quite as much, who will tell you that it is better
| than the new model. That is yet to be decided,
i We have in store a small number compared to
what we should require in the event of a war, and
1 should be sorry to see this Government placed
; in the condition of every European Government,
; except France and Russia, when the late Euro-
■ pean war broke out—compelled to send all over
I the world to buy the arms with which they sent
! troops to battle, and relying upon foreign Govern-
ments for the munitions with which to supply
their armies in the field.
Mr. HUNTER. It is certain that we did, some
years ago, sell off a large quantity, because the
progress of new inventions superseded the old
arms by a very valuable weapon. It is uncertain
whether many of those manufactured since can
be used for any valuable purpose. As the Sena-
i tor from Mississippi says, there is a difference of
I opinion on that point.
| Mr. DAVIS. As to their comparative value,
! not as to their use.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs that the dif-
ference was, as to whether they would answer any
valuable purpose. I talked with him on this sub-
ject. I acknowledge that there is no man whose
opinion I would take on such a point sooner than
that of the Senator from Mississippi. I supposed
it was uncertain. He certainly said there was a
difference of opinion. Be that as it may, there
is, besides this, a permanent appropriation of
$200,000 for arming the militia; not an annual,
but a' permanent appropriation. If this is not
enough, I suppose that could be diverted to such
a purpose. The sum appropriated here, and the
permanent appropriation of $200,000, may be ex-
pended in the purchase of small arms, as I under-
stand. Whether I am right or not, the Senator
from Mississippi will inform me. If I am rigfft,
and if it should turn out that this appropriation
is not enough to manufacture these arms with
sufficient ability, why not apply a portion of the
permanent appropriation these armories ?
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. My next amendment is, to in-
crease the appropriation for the Benicia arsenal
from $50,000 to $100,000. This is the point at
which, I think, a great storehouse of arms and
ammunition, for the defense of the Pacific coast,
should be located. We now have arms and am-
munition at Benicia in such a quantity as to be
confusedly piled in the two small storehouses
which have been there constructed. The estimate
for the construction of the large storehouse, in-
tended to receive the arms and munitions to be
put in depot at Benicia for use on the Pacific coast,
is $100,000. I understand it was reduced to the
lowest sum which was thought to be in accord-
ance with entire efficiency. With that informa-
tion, I propose to restore it.
Mr. GWIN. I will state, in addition to what
the Senator from Mississippi has said, that the
chief of the ordnance bureau, Colonel Craig, has
told me that, if he obtains an appropriation ac-
cording to his estimate, he will make a saving of
waste material almost equal to the reduction made
here; and there can be no better economy, at this
time, than to complete these large storehouses.
If they are .not completed, the stores which are
on hand must be deteriorated and injured. I hope
the estimate in this case will be restored; and 1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I will state,, further, that this
building can be completed very summarily, and
then we shall get clear of paying large rents for
inferior buildings where these materials are now
kept. It will be a great saving to the Govern-
ment. It is only an increase of $50,000; which,
Colonel Craig informs nve, will enable him to make
such progress with the work as to save a great
amount, by preventing the destruction of mate-
rials.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ailcn, Hates, I3rodcrick,Chesnut, Davis,
Fitch, Filzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Iver-
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory,
Pearco, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Smith,
Ward, W#ht, and Yu!ee-2C.
NAYS—.Messrs. Benjamin, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden,
Durkue, Fcssenden, Foot, Hale, Harlan, Hunter, Polk,
Pug!], Stuart, Toombs, Ttumbull, and Wade—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to in-
crease the appropriation for the Texas arsenal
from $15,000 to $21,000. There has been, for a
number of years, a desire, and, I think, a neces-
sity for the construction of an arsenal, at some
portion of the southwestern territory, San An-
tonio, in Texas, was selected because of the dry-
ness of the climate and the ease with which small
arms could bo distributed from that point to the
places where they would probably be required,
either on the border of the Rio Grande or on the
Indian frontier. Until recently, it was not pos-
sible to perfect the title to the site. That having
been perfected, an estimate of $21,000 was made
for the construction of the arsenal, which has been
reduced, in the House of Representatives, to
$15,000. I think the estimate a very small sum,
considering the great object in view, and I hope
some day to see $200,000 appropriated to con-
struct an arsenal there large enough to make it
the great depot for all the wants of arms and mu-
nitions in that section of the country.
