306
considerable extent until we are as much crowded
for room as they are in China, or unless gold
shall be discovered there.
Of the country beyond El Paso, and from there
to the Colorado, along the banks of the Gila, I
now propose to give the testimony of some offi-
cers of the Army, who have passed over it. Ma-
jor Emory, in his Mexican boundary survey,
says: •
" I think X am safs in stating that, as a general rule,
tHVouzhout this vast region, corn, cotton, and vegetables,
cannot be produced without irrigation; ami, turtlieiniore
the limits of the ground which can be brought under tne
effects of irrigation are very circumscribed."
You cannot raise these crops without irriga-
tion, and the bounds are very circumscribed—
very indeed, I should think. In 1846, Major
Emory passed with General Kearny, and his
military force, across that portion of the conti-
nent, and he said then of the country, at the
point where the San Pedro joins the Gila:
" In one spot only we found a few bunches of grass.
More than four fifths of the plain was destitute of vegeta-
tion. The soil, a light brown, loose, sandy earth, I sup-
posed contained something deleterious to vegetation."
Passing along that region, he says of it:
" We traveled till long after dark, and dropped down into
a dust hole. There was not a sprig of grass or a drop ot
water, and duting the whole night the mulca kept up a pit-
eous cry for b oth.' >
That is truly a fine country for a great national
highway to the Pacific! Ho says further J
" From information collected how the Indians, and oth-
ers, it appears that we shall moot with no more giass trom
this spot to the settlement, estimated to be three hundred
nnles distant.''
In speaking of the long route over which he
had passed, he says :
" fn no pait of this vast tract can the rains from heaven
be relied upon (to any extent) foi rhe cultivation ot the soil.
The earth w destitute of trees, and in a great part also ot
any vegetation whatever."
This is the testimony of an intelligent officer,
selected to run your boundary with Mexico; and
this is the character he gives ot that country.
Lieutenant Parks, another officer, says of the
plain at the 'De Sauz, which is one hundred and
forty.miles west of the Itio Grande ' "Grass is
scarce and salty.,J
Of the San Pedro valley, two hundred and
thirty-two miles west of El Paso, he says it is
  A dry, naiehed looking plain, hounded on the east by
a low. bare ridge. The banks are devoid ot umber, or any
Bign indicating the course or even existence ot a stream
to any observer but a bhort distance removed."
He characterizes the whole country as being
*' the perfection of sterility." And remember,
sir, that this is the character of hundreds of miles
over which this southern road is to be forced.
Mr. John R. Bartlett, employed at one time as
boundary commissioner, says:
" The vallrv of the Sun Pedro river, near our camp, was
anvthin" but luxuriant, [t consists ot a ioam, which, it
irrigated, might be productive ; but as its banks are not le*s
than eight or ten feet high, lmg.iuon is mipiacticable, ex-
cept by digging a canal a veiy long distance."
Lieutent Michler, one of the gentlemen attached
to the boundary commission, who went over the
whole of tins route, crossed, in twenty-three days,
from San Diego to Fort Yuma, a distance of two
hundred and seventeen miles, and he says:
"We passed over mountains and deserts. This road is
the mo.it difficult I have ever traveled tor heavily-loaded
wagons."
Speaking of tlie plain of the Gila iind the Col-
orado, he says:
" The plain is a perfect de&ert, marked by an entire ab-
sence of writer, and destitute of vegetation, save some lew
sickly plants" * * * * k£ This whole coun-
try is truly a desolate region." *
A desert region of more than two hundred miles
on the river Gila, that, if we are to believe what
is recently reported throughout the country, ought
to equal the valleys of the Rhine or the Rhone
in fertility ! Lieutenant Michler says, of the cli-
mate of this region:
"The climate of this region is in accordance with everj-
thmg else relating to it." , A ,r
<{ Having returned the following August to Fort Yuma,
the theuiiouieter. m the shade, at the post, was found to be
llfia Fahrenheit, and over 120° m the shade along the
river."
One hundred and twenty degrees ! Mr. Blod-
gett says, in his work on Climatology, that
<• At Fort Yuma the mean for the year is 73' 5', and that
for the warmest month 93°—-measures only equaled tn tae
lowest basins and valleys of Arabia."
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
 ===*=====
*Slr
January 11,
He further says:
"There are intensely lieated dismcts, like thedesert at
Fort Yuma, where the heat alone is stifling lrom mere ex-
cess, though the air is intensely arid."
Fine country for the people of this Union and
bf Europe to live in and cultivate—a region with-
out water, without grass, without wood, with the
"thermometer up to 120° in the shade ! 1 do not
understand where they find the shade. Again,
Lieutenant Michler says:
" The lieat, commencing to be excessive in May, be-
comes almost unendurable m the months of June, July, and
August: even in winter the sun is so hot, and the direct,
as well as the reflected, light upon the sand plain so daz-
zling, that, excepting a couple ol hours alter daybreak, and
an hour before sunset, it is only possible to see objects
through the best instrumental tele=copes in the most dis-
torted shapes—a thin, white pole appearing as a tali column
of the white&t fleece."
I think this reflected light, which dazzles the
eye, by which you cannot see things except in
distorted shapes, even with a telescope, by which
a white pole becomes a tall white column, ex-
plains why certain gentlemen have recently had
such visions of the beauty and fertility of that
region. I think that is the natural philosophy of
the matter; but I hope that, at this distance, this
reflected light will not so distort the vision of the
Senate as to pervert its judgment. Lieutenant
Michler continues:
" In August we were enabled to complete that portion of
the work; and ^.Uliou^h cngagecf upon it during the wet
season, barely sufficient water was to be had lor our wants
The heat had become so great as to compel us to operate
entnely with signal tires by night."
This is a great route to select for a railroad,
where the gentlemen employed on the boundary
survey-could only work over portions of it by
signal fires at night! Lieutenant Michler further
says:
"Instead of storms of ram during the winter and eprins,
they have those of dint and f-and. The^o are caused by
hi"h and strong winds sweeping over the desert plains,
comma principally from thenonhwent,rmswgaml carrying
before them, like mist, clouds of pulvenzed&and anddus t.
You can watch thnm in their progress as they approach tor
hours bcfoiehand, and when they reach you the diu-t pen-
etrates into every cievice, the finest silk not being imper-
vious to it. They last geneially a day, sometimes three, i he
winds blow up quickly and violently, and it is useless to
attempt to woik with nicc instruments. These duststoims
were our great diau backs, as it was impossible to &ee many
loot distant, and then only at the n=k of being blinded. T he
cuhts ofwind which pioduce this unpleasant eflcctm winter,
are in winunei like the simooms of the feahara, they sweep
over and scorch the land, buinmg like the hot blasts of a
furnace-1'
That would be a pleasant region to run a train
of cars through ! The Senator from Maine suq-
gests that it would be fine country for way busi-
ness! I agree with him in that opinion. Giving
an account of his travels from Sonoyta to Fort
Yuma and back, in the middle of August, 1855,
Lieutenant Michler says:
" It was the most dieary and tiresome I have ever expe-
rienced. Imagination cannot picture a more dieary. stoule
country, ami we named it 'Mai Pais.5 'Hie burnt linie-
hke appealance of the soil is ever before you; the very
stones look like the sc-.ii<e of a tu.miee. There is no «ms*5
and but a s-iekly vegftanon, more unpleasant to the sight
than the banen eatth itself; scaice an aminal to be seen--
not even the wolf or the hare to attract the attention, and
save the hzatd and the horned frog, naught to give lifeand
animation to this region."
I have read to you, sir, from the report of Lieu-
tenant Saxton, where he spoke of the innumera-
ble herds of buffalo that range all over the north-
ern region of the continent, of elk, of deer, of
herds of cattle. Here is a country through which
it is proposed to construct a great national rail-
road a highway between Europe and Asia—
where the Hzard and the horned frog are the only
animals which enliven the scene and suggest the
existence of animated nature.
" The eye may watch in vam for the flight of a bird
I suppose the reason why birds do not f y there,
is because they could not live. They must carry
their provisions with them in their flights in that
neighborhood, and that would be rather a difficult
undertaking for them.
" The eye may watch in vain for the flight of a bird •, to
add to all this is the knowledge that there is not one drop of
water to be depended upon fiom the Sonoyta to the Colo-
rado or Gila. All traces of the road are sometimes erased
by the high winds sweeping the unstable soil before them,
but death has strewn a continuous line of bleached bones
and withered carcasses of horses arid cattle, as monuments
to mark the way."
This is the route that the last Administration and
the present Administration have done all in ^h^ir
power to select; and they expended $10,000,000
to purchase a region like this; and they sent to
Asia and imported camels which could go ten
days without water; and I commend them for
.their sagacity in that, for I think the camel is the
only animal fitted to travel that country at all.
They have expended hundreds of thousands of
dollars to find water, and have failed; and then
to add to all have given a contract for more than
half a million dollars annually to carry the mail
down on that route in order that a railway may
follow it.
Lieutenant Michler further says:
"The valley of this part of the Gila is the same in ap
pearance as that of the Colorado; the soil seems to be more
sandv and contains more alkaline matter; a whiteeliloies-
ceuce covers nearly the whole surface. Little grass grows,
except in spots subject to overflow."
Professor Henry says of this country east of
the Colorado:
"The entire district is bare of soil and vegetation, except
a variety of cactus. Over a greater portion of thenoitnem
pait of S&;iora and the southern part ot New Mexico steril-
ity reigns supreme." &
" We hazard nothing in saying that the mountains, as a
whole, can be of little value as the theater of civilized lite,
in the present state of general science and practical agri-
culture.
I have before me extracts from a letter written
by Edward B. Dunbar, formerly of California;
and I am told by the Senator from California
[Mr. Broderick] that he is a gentleman of intel-
ligence and character. He has written a series of
letters in the New York Times; and I quote from
him. He has spent three or four years m that
country; passed over it; seen it, and says that
during that time he has known of something like
two hundred murders and assassinations 111 that
region The only consideration that casts doubt
on Mr. Dunbar's statement is how so many-
people got there to be murdered and assassinated.
He states, also, the names of several gentlemen
who have attempted to cultivate the soil in that
region, but have been compelled to abandon the
attempt. He says:
'■ That portion of Arizona, according to its present limits,
Win" south of the liver Gila and west of the one hundred
and "eleventh parallel, comprising nearly half the country
south of the Gila, does not contain a running stream or liv-
iii" spring of water. Several nomadic bands of I apago In-
dians exist there by the water holes and wells, which, during
a few months of the year-the season of sh0™ersTfu™s'
them with a scanty supply; but they do not and cannot
CU"TlT'GiIa bottom, from the aforesaid parallel to the
Colorado, a distance of little over two hundred miles, is
vciv uninteresting, and, from a variety of causes, cannot
be made available to any great extent for agricultural pur
° * * «   "The climate is exeessiveli
poses" " The climate ia excessively
hut in summer, and in the winter months stiong and high
wind.-*, which lai.-e stifling clouds of sand, prevail. Glass
is geneially scaice and poor. That P0"™1."?
poaed to be included within the limns of Arizona 1101th of
the Gila and west of the eleventh parallel is, like the eoun-
tiv south of the Gila, of which mention lias been made,, a
di'eaiv waste of deserts and mountains, and entirely desti-
tute of water. The eastern pait of Arizona, compiling
nearly one half of the entire Territory, may therefore be
considered wholly unavailable for agricultural purposes,
cxcept, peiliaps, some small sections on the river Gila.
Sir I have quoted authorities enough to show
that, from the time you strike the Slaked Plain in
Texas, across to the Pacific ocean—a distance of
nearly one thousand miles—there lies a country
worthless for all purposes of agriculture. It is
sterile, hot, barren, and unfitted for the permanent
residence of any considerable portion of civilized
society; and it is through this country that it is
proposed to carry thePacificrailroad. Itis through
this country that the entire power of this Govern-
ment, since 1853, has been exerted, bo far as it has
exerted any power at all, to force a railway to the
Pacific ocean. . .,
Now, sir, 1 am in favor of constructing a rail-
road from the point indicated in this bill, between
the Big Sioux and the Kansas rivers, across the
central regions of the continent to the bay ot ban
Francisco. Starting between these two points, 1
would not draw the lines too close. I would even
consent to have the route starting from there, make
a deflection southward, strike the Canadian, and
go, by way of Albuquerque, across the Colorado
and through the Tulare valley to San Francisco,
if that is the best route. I believe, myself, that
the other is the best route, and I believe f"Ftlier>
that this location would accommodate the Worth,
the center of the country, and the South, with the
exception of the extreme South.
It is not surprising, Mr. President, that we
should divide upon this question-, but m all our
discussions heretofore, whatever may have been
the policy of different gentlemen, we have been
