1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
accustomed to regard the construction of a rail-
way to the Pacific as a work that would not only
develop the power and the strength of the country,
but also bind the people of the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts together in bonds of union. The distin-
guished Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
in particular, based his support of the project on
the fact that the construction of such a road' would
insure the permanence of the Republic.
But the other day, the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iyerson] came here with a carcfully-pre-
pared and elaborate speech, committed to writing,
jn which he opposed the construction of a rail-
way across the central region of the country, be-
cause it would not be within a southern confed-
eracy when the Union should be dissolved. The
Senator pictured to us the triumphs of the Repub-
lican party in the northern States. He told us
that those triumphs had been triumphs over the
national Democracy, over the rights of the South,
and that they were not relieved even by the vic-
tory of" Free-Soil Democracy " over "Abohtion-
ized Whiggery," in the State of Illinois. The
Senator told us that he thought the time had come
when the South must give up the Union or give
up slavery; and he said that if the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] or any of his com-
peers in this Chamber or in the other House or
in the country, who concur with his political
opinions, should be elected President in 1860, the
time would have come for the dissolution of the
-1 Union; that it would be a sufficient cause for the
South to secede.
This seemed to me to be very strange language
to be used in this Hall. Why, sir, only two days
before our hearts beat with patriotic pride, as we
listened to the words that came gushing from the
generous and patriotic Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] as we were bidding farewell
to the old Hall, when he told us that the Union
was the source of our present power and past
glory, and would be the source of our future great-
ness. We listened, also, to the words with which
the Vice President closed the eloquent and chaste
address, in which he expressed the hope that
our latest posterity would look upon the delibera-
tions of representatives of independent, free, and
united States. We came into this Chamber, and
we listened to the man of God as he consecrated
the Hall and invoked the blessing of Heaven upoii
us, and upon the union of these States, and ex-
pressed the hope that the banner of our country
would wave overa fice and united people forever.
Two days after this, the Senator from Gcoigia
came into the Chamber to oppose the construction
of a great national central railway, because it
would he outside a southern confederacy. In a
speech deliberately prepared beforehand, and on
the ground that if a majority of the people of the
United States elect aPiesident in 1860 represent-
ing their political sentiments, as they have a con-
stitutional right to do, he announced that the
slaveholding South-intended to dissolve the Union.
Mr. 1VERSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator does not state
my argument fairly. I have not said on this floor,
or anywhere else, that the South will dissolve
thaJJnion because of the election of a northern
imT to the Presidency. Sir, the South will do
no such thing. 1 am one of the last men who would
, advocate or promote such a proposition. Sir, the
South did not talk about dissolving the Union
when Mr. Adams was elected President, nor when
General Harrison was elected President, nor when
Mr. Van Buren was elected President, nor any
other northern man. It is not because a man hails
from the North, that we object to his election to
the Presidency of the United States; it is not be-
cause a man hails from the North, if he be elected
upon principles which are general to the whole
country; but it is because you elect a man from
the North on a declaration of war against the in-
stitution of slavery, that 1 say the South will dis-
solve, and ought to dissolve, the Union whenever
such an event occurs. I said that whenever the
North, a sectional majority of this country, elects
a President upon the principles announced by the
Senator from New York in his Rochester speech,
then the South ought to dissolve, and I believe
would dissolve, the Union. Now, sir, let the Sen-
ator state me fairly, and I have no objection to
his replying to my argument; but I shall hold him
to the text, and he must not depart from it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if the Senator
had heard me through, he would have found that
I did not intend to misrepresent him, anddid not
misrepresent him. I meant simply to say, and I
did say, that his threat of the dissolution of the
Union was that, if the people elected to the Pres-
idency, as they had a constitutional right to do, a
man who held opinions against slavery extension,
the South would dissolve the Union. Iftheyelect
a northern man with southern principles, or a
northern man who would do what the slave prop-
agandists required him to do, I did not suppose
these gentlemen would threaten to secede. So long
as they can use that class of men, they will stay
m the Union and govern the country. But the
Senator did say that—
"The election of a noitliern President, upon a sectional
and anti-slaveiy isfuc, will be considered oau&e enough to
justify secession. Let the Senator from New York, [Wi.
Sewaiid.] oi any other man avowing the sentiments and
policy enunciated by lnm in his lloehe&ter speech, bo elected
President of the United States, and, in rnv opinion, there
are more than one of the southern States that w*ould take
immediate steps towatds scpaiation."
He said further that his advice would be given
for such a separation. Well, now, sir, the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and every other Senator here,
who has read the Rochester speech, or the other
speeches of the Senator from New York, knows
that that eminent Senator stands within the Con-
stitution and within the Union, and does not
propose to interfere with the constitutional rights
of any portion of the people or any section of
the Republic. The Senator from Georgia, and
every other Senator here, knows that there is not
in this body, that there has never sat in the Scn-
atQ of the United Slates, a Senator who has a
record more clear and explicit in favor of a broad,
comprehensive, and national policy, than the
Senator from New York. And if that Senator
should be elected President, 01* any of those Sen-
ators around me who agreein the doctrines which
ho has avowed concerning- slavery, it will be,
according to the idea of the Senator from Georgia,
a sufficient cause for the dissolution of the Union !
The Senator sait\,further:
" Tt is bccau^e 1 believe that separation isnoi fa? dbtant;
became tho Fi2n«ot the time* point too plainly to the early
triumph of the'Abolitionists, and their complete possession
and contioi of eveiy department of the Federal Govern-
ment ; and because i iii 111I3 believe that when such an
evrnt occurs the Tltnon will bedi^olvod, that I am unwill-
ing to vote so much land and =o much money a« this bill
propose*, to build a railroad to the LNicilic, which, m inv
judgment, will be cieated outside of a southern eontedei-
ac3, and will belong exclusively to the N01U1."
Now, sir, I see no occasion to arraign the peo-
ple of the Nortji as the Senator front Geoigia has
done. Five years ago you repealed the piohibi-
tion of slavery over five hundred thousand squate
miles where it had been prohibited. The people
of the North denounctd your act. You opened
that territory and proclaimed the doctrine of squat-
ter soveieignty. You won under it, no matter
whether you believed in it or not. You invited
the people to go there and settle the question of
slavery for themselves. The people went there
and they settled it. 'Die people went for freedom.
A few of the managers undertook to cheat them
out of their rights. They manufactured a consti-
tution. Your own agents, Walker and Stanton,
denounced it as the creature of fraud and violence.
The President knew it was a fraud, for his own
agents told hmi so; the country knew it was a fraud,
and yet wc were compelled to spend the last ses-
sion of Congress in resisting the consummation
of that great crime against the people of Kansas.
You sent 1 hat constitution bark to Kansas with a
splendid bribe, and that poor people nobly spumed
your bribe. Not one sixth of them voted for your
constitution; more than five sixths voted it down.
We of the North have this year simply been pun-
ishing the men who undertook to sustain ihat
fraud, and we have succeeded to our hearts' con-
tent. Here we are to-day, representatives ready
to attend to the public business; we have not
thrust this question upon you. The people of the
North stand cool, calm, and dispassionate; and
while they have no disposition to infringe upon
the rights of any body, they are determined to
maintain their own. Sir, since I have been a mem-
ber of this body, I have traveled m a majority of
the States, more than forty thousand miles, and
addressed tens of thousands of people, and 1 nevet
yet hcaid a member of the Republican party pro-
pose to exercise power that is net cleafly in the
Constitution; to interfere with the rights of any
.section of the country, or class of its population.
But the Senator from Georgia wants tnis road
to go south, that they may have it when they
divide the Union; and he has magnanimously.of-
fered us a northern road, by which we may get
to the Pacific wher^ they have left us. Weshould
like to have a northern road; but we are willing
to give it up, so far as construction by this Gov-
ernment is concerned, and we are willing to build
a central road, that will accommodate the North
and the South alike; for if any Senator will ex«-
amine the map, he will see that such a road can
easily be reached from New Orleans, or any part
of the southern country.
But as to the southern route, a route over bar-
ren deserts, a route now proposed to be selected
for a disunion road, I am against it now, and
against it forever. I will not vote a dollar for it.
But I will make a proposition to the Senator from
Georgia, the Senators from Texas, and the Sen-
ator from California. I will give them every foot
of this Gadsden purchase^ all that we bought for
$10,000,000; 1 will even give them all between the
thirty-first and thirty-fourth parallels, from the
frontiers of Texas to the Pacific ocean. I will
make 110 reservation of alternate sections; for we
should be poorer if we had the alternate sections
than we should be without them. I will give them
the whole <{ rich gold and silver mines." I will
give all this to construct a local railroad from El
Paso to San Diego. That is a fair proposition.
I will vote for it now, and I will pledge my vote
to it at any other time. Take that country. We
; say it is worthless, unless there be gold and sil-
! ver mines in it; that for agricultural purposes it is
' utterly worthless. Take it; take mines and all;
1 construct your local temporary souther-n railroad
| to San Diego, or down to Guaymas, if you can.
j Perhaps this proposition may be accepted. It is
i well known that we have, south of us, a class of
| uneasy gentlemen, who are exceedingly anxious
j to get into the Senate of the United States, or into
j the other House; restless, ambitious gentlemen,
! who are organizing southern leagues to open the
! African slave trade, and to conquer Mexico and
j Central America. They want a road to the Pa-*
j cific ocean; they want to carry slavery to the
! Pacific, and have a base line from which they can
i operate for the conquest of the continent South,
j Now, let these gentlemen put their hands into
i their pockets, raise the money, take that beautiful
j country down there, and build their local road to
1 the Pacific ocean. Perhaps the grants made by
1 Texas will enable the company to reach El Paso
some time during the present century,
j Mr. 1VERSON. Will the Senator allow me
j to ask him a question? Will he, as a noithem
1 wpiesentative, take the noithem loute, and build
their load, and not take our money out of the
i Treasury to help it?
j Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator what I
I will do.
i Mr. IIOUSTON. I rise, not to interrupt the
! gentleman, but to remark that 1 will5 accept his
proposition, on behalf of the State he has men-
| tinned, so far as I am concerned, to take that
country, the mines included, and construct the
raiitoad.
! Mr. IIALE. Itousht to he reduced to writing.
Mr. WILSON. We will put it in print; and
I tell the Senator from Texas, and 1 tell his col-
league, who will icmain here after he has left us,
, that he shall have my vote for that proposition at
' any and all tunes while I occupy a seat m this
body.
i The Senator from Georgia wants to know if
; we will take the noithern line. 1 will tell him
just what we will do, and what I propose to do.
, i am in lavor of building a railway to the Pacific
1 ocean with the money of the Government. 1 be-
, hove it is the only way we shall get a railroad
! built there for many years to come. I nm in tayor
1 of starting it where this' bill starts it, and running
: to San Francisco. I would build the road on a
i central route, as a great national highwoy, with
; the money of this Government. 1 will give the
I Senator the whole of the land on the southern une
i south of the thirty-fourth parallel, and 1 will
make a grant of land from Lake Superior to Puget
Sound—a distance of one thousand cjght hundred
1 miles—and give fifty alternate sections to the mile,
! limiting the sale of the land to actual settlers alones
