1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
Mr. HUNTER. The House reduced the ap-
propriation to 115,000. I believe this is a new
building we are just starting, and I do not see why
ye should not appropriate enough at once to fin-
ish it.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, that will not finish it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is better to adhere
to the action of the House, and appropriate no
more than $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
five, noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to in-
sert, after the appropriation for the Watervleit
arsenal:
"A part of which sum maybe applied to the purchase of
a piece of ground adjoining the arsenal, on the south side,
east of the Erie canal."
This is apiece of ground required for the build-
ings, and can now be obtained upon better terms,
it is thought, than at a subsequent period. It is
represented on the map which I have before me.
It is a piece of ground contiguous to the arsenal,
and separated from everything else. It is not
proposed to increase the appropriation, but to
give authority to purchase this lot.
Mr. HALE. I will ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs if he cannot make
the amendment a little more specific. It seems to
me to be a loose way of appropriating, without
saying how much. The Secretary may take the
whole amount for this purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. It is described on the map,which
I will send to the Senator.
Mr. HALE. My objection is to the manner
of making the appropriation. Here is an appro-
priation of §25,000, a part of which may be used
to buy land with; $24,000 may be taken to buy
this land with, for twenty-four is a part of twenty-
five.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a described lot of land, of-
fered for sale to the Government, and it is required
for the use of the arsenal.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire wants to limit the amount to be used for the
purchase.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recollect how much the
owners offered to sell the land for. It will require
but a small part of the appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I think this is a wrong way of
appropriating money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to in-
sert, after line one hundred and sixty-six:
For repiiiia and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield armory, Massachusetts, §53,910.
This amendment restores an item which was
entirely stricken out by the House of Representa-
tives, being the estimate for repairs and improve-
ments at the Springfield armory. They have
been constructing some new works, introducing
some new machinery, and the foundations are
laid for new machinery introduced to make the
new model arm. This appropriation is necessary
for repairs and improvements in order to keep the
full machinery at work at the*armory. It was
stricken out by the House of Representatives, for
what reason I do not know. We propose, there-
fore, to restore it.
Mr. STUART. If I recollect aright, we con-
tinued the House appropriation in regard to this
armory. We did not increase it, I think, on the
motion of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. This item was stricken out en-
tirely by the House.
Mr. STUART. I meant the other item with
regard to the general appropriation. The com-
mittee of the Senate proposed to increase it to the
extent of fifty or one hundred thousand dollars,
but the Senate refused it.. Now, this is to restore
an appropriation which is to introduce machinery
for the manufacture of another species of arms,
as i understand the Senator. While I am willing
to go for a thing which is required, I am disposed
to defer the appropiiations, as far as they can be
done now, without prejudicing the public interest.
It strikes me that, inasmuch aa we adhered to
the House provision in regard to the general ap-
propriation for the armory, we had better adhere
to the action of the House upon this subject too.
Mr. DAVIS. The Military Committee are of
a different opinion. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan, who usually*listens very atten-
tively and is always so open to conviction, that
I will attempt it even on the Army appropriation
bill. The item on which the Senate voted before
was as to the amount to be expended in the con-
struction during the year. This is an item for
repairs and improvements, the introduction of
new machinery being a portion of rttose improve-
ments. They have gone on so fttr that it seems
to me it would be very unwise indeed to stop at
the present point. The foundations have all been
prepared in some instances, the machinery has
been partly made, and an additional sum is ne-
cessary to put it up. Under such circumstances,
it would be most unwise to discontinue the ap-
propriation.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is more familiar
with this matter than I am, and I will simply ask
his opinion on this single point; whether, as a
matter of economy, it is better to make this ap-
propriation now, or postpone it until the next ses-
sion. That will govern my vote.
Mr. DAVIS. It is represented to me,by the
superintendent at the Springfield armory, that it
is a matter of economy to complete the improve-
ments which have been commenced, and for which
this small appropriation is asked.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
nine; noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is like the
one just acted upon. It is to insert, after the
amendment just adopted:
" For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Feny armory, $55,000.""
Mr. MASON. This is to-make the same pro-
vision for the Harper's Ferry armory which has
just been made for. the Springfield armory.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; it is precisely the same.
The amendment was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 23, noes 16.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to insert,
as an additional section to the bill:
Jlnd. be it further enacted, That for printing a revised
edition of tin* system of instruction for field artillery, horse
and foot, to be stereotyped on engraved plates, now ready
lor the press, if required, for distribution to the nnhtia of
of the United States, with books of tactical instruction,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment which I
offer is to insert, after the first section:
For the construction of a military road from Fort Benton
to Walla-Walla, $100,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear some
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. It is unnecessary for me to go
over the geography of the country. I will merely
state, that the head of navigation of the waters of
the Missouri approaches the head of navigation
of the Columbia within something less thstn five
hundred miles. Many of the Indian difficulties,
which have marked the history of the Army
during the last year, have occurred among the
tribes living in the section of the country between
the head of navigation of these two rivers. Some
years ago, an appropriation was made of §30,000,
for the construction of a military road from one
point to the other. I was,at the time, in the War
Office, and organized, by a movement of troops,
a plan which I thought would effect the construc-
tion of the road with that appropriation. How-
ever, for causes which I need not now state, it
failed, on account ol*countermanding the order
which would have executed the plan, after I left
the Department. The appropriation has, there-
fore^ remained unexpended. The necessity for
it, however, has increased. It is needful in time 1
of peace—it would be more needful in time of j
war—to have some overland communication be-
tween the head of navigation of the Missouri and
the head of navigation of the Columbia rivers. I
The Secretary of War's estimate lor the con- \
struction of a military road, as he thinks desira- ;
ble, is §200,000, and he supposes $100,000 can be !
expended within the year. If it were combined ,
with the movements of troops, I should hope it :
might complete the road. This amendment is !
presented by the committee, in accordance with j
the letter of the Secretary, for the $100,000. If j
it should make such a military road as is required j
from one river to the other, it will facilitate the |
action of the Government upon the Indians of that I
frontier, and in its communication with the State :
of Oregon and the Territory of Washington, and
will be a provision for any such necessity as may j
j arise in the event of a war with some foreign li
Power; for it is known to the Senate—but I sup-
pose I need not go into that—that it would be al-
together impossible to communicate, in time of
war, with San Francisco and the Columbia river
by any of the means we now have.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am very glad that the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi has introduced
this proposition. So far as I can judge, there is
no route in this country that will be more import-
ant than the route for which this appropriation-is
intended. I apprehend, however, that the amount
proposed is not sufficient to accomplish it. If the
object is to connect the navigable waters of this
side of the Rocky Mountains with the navigable
waters on the other side, I do not think the amount
is sufficient. I believe the honorable Senator says
that the Secretary of War has recommended a
larger sum.
Mr. DAVIS. Two hundred thousand dollars
he supposes to be necessary to complete the road,
but $100,000 is all he wants for the present year.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well. I am satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment of the com-
mittee is to add, as a new section:
Jlnd beit further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized to repay to the State of Texas,
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, moneys advanced by that State for the payment of six
companies mounted v^Kiiteers, called into service by Gen-
eral Persifer F. Sinitl^m the 1st of November, 1854, for
three months: Provided, That there shall be nogreaterpay-
ment or allowances given to those companies than was
given to similar troops in the service of the United States.
Mr. WARD. Mr. President, before taking
the vote on that amendment, I desire to make a
few remarks, in which I hope I shall be able to
show, that not only the amount reported in that
amendment is just and proper, but that a still
greater amount is owing, and due the State of
Texas.
The whole account, as rendered by the State,
amounts to §184,554 57, which amount has been
advanced for the protection of her citizens against
the hostile Indians of the United States, for which
she claims reimbursement by the Federal Gov-
ernment.
The history of the case is briefly this: in the
fall of 1854, the Indians being troublesome on the
frontier, and the regular troops stationed there
being insufficient for its protection, the command-
ing officer, General Persifer F. Smith, ordered,
through the Governor of the State, that six com-
panies of volunteers be called out for twelve
months'service, to aid in the defense, and were
ordered to rendezvous at the city of Austin.
At the time of their arrival, there was no mus-
tering officer in attendance to take charge of them,
and hence it devolved upon the Governor of the
State to provide for them, and equip them for the
service, which he did, and sent them out on the
frontier upon duty, where they served until they
were mustered into the United States service.
The first item charged in the account is for the
service of those six companies, and for their
maintenance from the time they were called out
until they were mustered into the regular service,
which has not been paid by the Government; and
the balance of said account is for the services and
maintenance of volunteer companies subsequently
called ou t by the Govern or u nder like emergencies;
all of which have been examined aijd reported by
the auditor and comptroller of public accounts,
under the supervision of the Governor, authenti-
cated by the seal of the State.
The House committee has had this claim before
them, and have reported upon it favorably, but,
for want of tim#St cannot be acted on under their
rules.
The Senate Committee on Military Affairs has
thought proper to recommend only a portion of
said account for immediate payment—that which
accrued under the call made by General Smith—
leaving the balance for subsequent legislation.
Now, sir, whilst I have full confidence in the
ability, integrity, and judgment of that committee;
yet I must say that 1 honestly differ with them
as to the amount and character of the evidence
necessary in this case.
If General Smith had the power to call out vol-
unteers under certain circumstances, tlie Governor
of the State, by authority vested in him, would
have the same power, under like circumstances
and emergencies. In either case the question
weuld rest upon the exigency, the service ren-
