1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
dered, and the evidence of payment by the State.
To all this the Governor, by his action, has testi-
fied, and the representatives of the people, in their
legislative capacity, have acknowledged the same
by making appropriations for their payment.
What higher-authority have we than the au-
thentic action of the Governor and the represent-
atives of a sovereign State, to whom all the trans-
actions were well known, and before whom the
evidences and vouchers were examined and scru-
tinized? Is it, then, reasonable to suppose that
the Legislature would allow thoseclaims and vote
a tax upon the people of the State to pay them,
unless they were well sustained, necessary, and
just?
Is it not fair to presume, Mr. President, that
the Governor of a State is a man of integrity and
discretion—whose duty it is to watch over her
citizens, and inform himself of their wants and
necessities, and by authority vested in him, in the
absence of sufficient protection by the Govern-
ment, to call out volunteers fortheirdefense? The
claim now before this Congress is a case in point
for just such services.
It would seem to be unnecessary, Mr. Presi-
dent, at this time, for me to allude to the fact that
the Government of the United States, in the treaty
or articles of annexation with Texas, agreed and
pledged herself to protect her against Indian and
all other invasions; and, sir,#am sorry to say,
that, in my judgment, very few of those obliga-
tions have been complied with. Texas has been
incorporated into the family of States over thir-
teen years, and what is our condition to-day?
Look, for a moment, at our frontier; look at the
condition of our coast. Whilst millions of dollars
have been expended in the erection of fortifica-
tions, and the improvement of harbors and other
local expenditures, on the coast of the Atlantic
States, not a single improvement of the kind can
be found on our coast of over five hundred miles
in extent, and not a single gun for our defense;
and, although it is true that there has been a line
of military posts scattered along our frontier, yet
they have been so meager, and placed so far from
each other, that the Indians can, and do, pass
down between, and penetrate the country far into
the settlements, kill, steal, carry away prisoners,
and make their escape with impunity, before the
regular army at the posts are apprised of their
descent upon the settlements; and honcc the in-
dispensable necessity fur the Governor of the i
State to call out the vigilant volunteers of the coun-
try to puisue and chastise them.
Those wandering tribes of Indians are awed
but very little by a feeble stationary army; they
very soon know all their movements, arid can
easily avoid them by selecting the time and place
for their descent into the country, commit their
depredations, and pass out again at another and
more distant potnt.on the frontier, (of which we
have overthirteen hundred miles,) having but few
military posts for such a distance, and some of
those occupied only occasionally; and even this
number is frequently diminished by the troops j
being called into other service, as has been often j
the case, and especially during the past year.
As evidence of the defenseleyy condition of our
frontier, I will ask the indulgence of the Senate
while 1 read a few extracts from a letter addressed
to his Excellency the President, by Governor !
Runnels, on the 17th September, 3858, in which i
he quotes a portion of a letter from General j
Twjggs to the Department, of June 36, 1857, in
which he says:
" It is represented that the Government posts extend
over a country 1 thn teen Imndicd mi]e=$rn extent,3 and that
those ports arc so distant from each other that marauding
parties of Indians 'can easily pa*,* between them without ;
bring du-coveied, and if discovered. it i- very difficult to i
oveitake them ; indeed, theie is not one case in filty where :
a command can come up with them ; the posts arc situated j
on the most eligible [joint'' for the protection of the lrontior, i
but ten tunes ihe uumbui of po t« and men we have cannot i
give bccunty to the inhabitants and tlioir propoity." !
The Governor goes on to state: j
" F beg leave to urge the carrying out of the policy of the 1
commanding general, and placing a force at Ins disposal
winch will enable him to carry on'an effective and \ igoious
campaign until the desired objcct u attamud, and the fn- ,
dian^ leduced finally to subjection.
" Colonel Johnston and General Twiggs have both more '
than oncuiecommended u, and u-piesented the inadequacy
of the force at their command for the purpose." '
It will be seen, Mr. President, from the read- !|
ing of those extracts, as well as other evidence be-
fore us, that our frontier has neater been sufficiently
protected; the officers in command acknowledge
that it would require ten times the number of
posts and soldiers to give permanent security to
the country; ajftd, independent of this shameful
deficiency, I feel satisfied that the system of
protection, by military posts alone, will never
answer the purpose against those wandering tribes
that infest our borders. It requires a ranging ser-
vice in connection, whose whereabouts will never
be known* to the Indians until they are upon
them, such as we had in the days of our Repub-
lic, under which system the Indians were more
effectually scourged and driven out of the coun-
try, and the citizens better cargdforand protected,,
than we have ever been since.
The Governor of Texas, as well as the officers
in commapd, have, from time to time, called the
attention of the authorities at Washington to the
insufficiency of the military force on our frontier;
and why it has never been responded to, we are
at a loss to know, for instead of increasing the
forces, they have been diminished, and hence
the reason for the claim now before Congress,
asking to be reimbursed for the money advanced
years ago for the protection of our citizens against
the savage Indians; and we are still compelled to
keep volunteers in the field. At present, we ask
that the amount which we have already paid out
should be refunded, and that provision be made
for the troops now in the service.
We are boasting here daily, Mr. President, of
our ability to do things that would require mil-
lions for their consummation;* and allusions are
frequently made to our growing and prosperous
country, without seeming to reflect that this rapid
march of prosperity and expansion can only be
sustained and perpetuated by protecting the en-
terprising pioneer who plants himself and family
as a breastwork on the frontier, marks out the
roads, and breaks the brush for the advancement
of wealth and civilization.
This class of citizens, in my judgment, have
never been properly cared for or appreciated.
Thcie can be no doubt of the obligations of the
Federal Government to refund any money ad-
vanced by the States under such necessitous cir-
cumstances; besides, there are precedents to au-
thorize it in a variety of instances, as may be
found in the Statutes at Large, in the cases of
Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Virginia,
Georgia, Carolina, Missouii, and others.
1 will again, Mr. President, ask the indulgence
of the Senate while I read from the statutes of
the countiy some of the authorities in this case.
The following is the act" which passed the
Twenty-Fifth Congress, in the case of Massa-
chusetts:
"Be it enacted, fyc.y That the proper accounting officers of
the Tieasury. under the superintendence of the Secretary of
War, be, ami they are hereby, authorized and directed to
audit and settle the claims of the State of Massachusetts
against the United State* for the services of her mihtiadur-
mg the late wai, m the following cases: first, where the
militia ot the said State were called out to repel actual in-
vasion, or under a well founded apprehension ot' invasion :
Providedj their nmnber-i were not in undue pioportion to
the exigency; second, where ihey weie called out by the
authoniyot the State, and nftei wards recognized by the
Fedotal Govci nineut; and thirdly, where they were called
out bv. and soi ved under the ie(|in-ition of, the President of
the (Jnited State®, or anv officer thereof.
" See. 2. Jind he it further evaded. That the sum of
§430,748 2S, if so mueh be necoss^y, be applied to the fore-
going pin poses, out of any monejsm the Treasuiy not other-
wise appiopriated "
There are other authorities on this point. Here
is a resolution which passed the Twenty-Fifth
Congress:
" Rcsolredhy the Senute and House of Repi escntaticcs of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secietary of War. m preparinghi* report pursuant to a
re-olve ot the House of Representatives agreed to on the
21th of Fcbiuaiy, 1^33, be, and he heioby is, auiliouz^d,
without iegar<l to existing rule- and requnement^, to receive
such evidence as on hie, and any further proofs which
may be offered, tending to establ^b the v.thdifj of the claims
ot Massachusetts upon theUrnted State-, or any pai ttheieof,
foi seivices, disbursement*, and expenditures, during the
late war with Great Britain ; and m all cases wheie such
evidence shall, in hi* judgment, piove the truth of the item*
of claim, or any part thereof, to act on the same in like
manner as if the pioof consisted of suchvouchers and evi-
dence a> is rcqimed by existing rules and iemulations touch-
ing the allowance ot such claims. And that, in the settle-
ment of elaim-s of other States upon the United States for
services, disbursements, and expenditures, duimg the late
war with Gieat Butatn. the fame kind of evidence, vouch-
ers, and pi oof. shall be received as is herein provided for in
relation to the claim of Massachusetts ; the validity of which
shall be, m like manner, determined and acted upon by the
Secretary of War."
I will now read some other authorities from the
different States, and, I believe, there is not a
single exception. I allude to these laws to show
that the testimony, which has been laid before the
committee, is full and sufficient to justify the pay-
ment of this claim as presented by the State of
Texas.
a Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That there be appro-
priated as aforesaid, to refund to the State of North Caro-
lina the amount of money advanced, and transportation
furnished, to volunteers from that State during Uie late war
with Mexico, the sum of $9,382 53.
"Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That there be appro-
priated as aforesaid, for refunding to the State of Michigan
the amount advanced by said State in organizing, subsist-
ing, and transpoiting volunteers, pievious to their being
musteied into the seivice of the United States, during the
late wai with Mexico, $20,000; which said sum, or &o much
thereof as shall be rieco^ary 10 pay and cancel the claim
of said State, as presented a'nd now on file in the office of
the Third Auditor of the Treasury Department, shall be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Governor, or
other pioper officer, of the said State of Michigan: Pro-
vided, That the same principles be applied in the settlement
of the claims of the State ot Alabama, and all other States,
for moneys advanced in raising, subsisting, and transporting
troops for the Mexican war.
"Sec. 11. JJndbe it farther enacted, That in the adjust-
ment of the accounts of the State of Maine, under the act of
the 13th of June, 1842, the propel accounting officers of the
Trea-ury be. and they are hereby, directed to include and
allow all claims which have been heretofoie presented un-
der said act: Provided, It shall be satisfactorily shown that
said claims have been actually allowed and paid by the
State."
Now, sir, it will be seen, that in all the States
here referred to, there is not a single instance in
which the proof required to establish the claim
against the Government is as strong and con-
clusive 'as the case now presented for the reim-
bursement of the State of Texas, as the money
has been paid by the State; and we only ask that
the appropriation be madc^ubject to satisfactory
proof, of the exigency and service of the troops,
being made to the accounting officers. We ask
for nothing but what has been allowed to other
States, and a fulfillment of the contract of annex-
ation.
The representatives of Texas very seldom pre-
sent bills for private relief. I believe the Calen-
dar will show but few, if any, cases at all; whilst
the first hour in each day is mainly spent in the
introduction of such bills from other States, and
one day in each week set apart for their consid-
eration, by which millions of dollars are appro-
priated for their payment. This may all be just
and right. I do not object to it; nor do I speak
of it in a spirit of complaint; but merely to show
that we arc moderateand modest in our demands,
claiming that only which the Government is in
duty bound to give us.
I arq aware, Mr. President, that retrenchment
is the order of the day. I, sir, am in favor of
a judicious, manly retrenchment, but it should
commence at the proper place.
My views upon the question of frontier pro-
tection are not brought forward merely to sustain
this claim; nor are they of recent date. I have
had some little experience in frontier life, and
know something of their wants and troubles; and
I am honest in the opinion that, if any set of
claims have precedence over others for prompt
and faithful payment, they are those for the pro-
tection of the country and for the transportation
of the mails; for in these are involved life, prop-
erty, prosperity, and national honor.
Mr. President, in consequence of the press of
important business before us, and in considera-
tion of the very few days left to act upon it, I
shall not trespass further upon the time of the
Senate; but will offer a substitute, as an amend-
ment to that offered by the committee, which I
send to the desk, and ask that it be read. I hope
it may bo adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
; in the chair.) The Secretary will read the amend-
' merit proposed by the Senator from Texas.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And that the sum of $184,">5-1 57. or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appiopriated tor the paj'me'mof
the volunteer troops called into >ervice by Geneial Persifer
F. Smith, ot the United States Army, and Governors Pease
and Runnels, of Texas,fiom the l^tday of November, 1854,
to the 27th day of June, 1858, for the piotection of the fron-
tier of said State against the hostile Indians; and the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury are hereby authorized and
requned to reimburse f-aid State, out of said appropriation,
foi all advances made by her for the support and payment
of haul troops : Provided. That satisfactory proof be made
that the emergency existed ; that the troops served and were
paid by the State: Provided further, That the volunteers
j so called out, shall not receive higher pay and allowances
