1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
teers into the service of the United States, to be
governed by officers to bfi appointed by the Pres-
ident, and not by their own officers. I should
have no objection to appropriate whatever is prop-
erly due for putting down the Indian war in Ore-
gon and Washington Territories, and provision
ought to be made for just claims. I know it is
said the claims are large, and some of them un-
just; about that I have nothing to say; but, so far
as they are just and proper, the Government
ought to pay them; and if we are to pay now for
the expense incurred in Texas, I think it a very
good time, also, to pay for the expenses incurred
in Oregon and Washington.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. I wish briefly to reply to the
Senator from Illinois, before going into the gen-
eral question, which I will leave to the Senator
from Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois, in the
vigilance with which he guards the Constitution
and the rights of the States, shows a zeal which
is very commendable and gratifying surely to me;
but I think it is very much misapplied. He lashed
himself into somewhat of a fury, and painted to
us very dark pictures of apprehension on account
of the extraordinary power which he supposes is
about to be exercised by the Executive in calling
out volunteers, and musteSlg them into the
Army of the United States. And pray, sir, what
are volunteers ? The militia, serving of their own
accord, instead of waiting to be drafted. Instead
of proceeding by the form of draft for the nnlitia
of a State, the President calls for that part of the
militia who may be willing to serve, taking them
by consent instead of by force.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, whence is the apprehen-
sion? He says it is being mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, and lie wants to know
where the President gets the power. He feels
the Constitution crumbling under his feet at the
idea of volunteers being mustered into the service
of the United States. Pray, sir, how would we
get them into the service of the United States,
without muster? How would it ever be known
whether the militia corresponded in its organiza-
tion with the laws of the land? Ho'w would it
be known whether the complement of rank and
file was right, that the right proportion of offi-
cers was there, if there was no inspection and
muster? Muster is but a form of deciding 011 the
organization of the troops who come out, and
seeing that they are competent to perform the
service which is required.
The Senator calls for the law, and reads law
enough, it would seem, to satisfy him. He would
have found, however, by the third section of the
act, " that whenever it shall be necessary, in the
judgment of the President, to use the military
force hereby directed to be called forth, the Pres-
ident shall forthwith, by proclamation, cause such
insurgents,"&c.; and " that the militia employed
in the service of the United States shall be subject
to the snme rules and articles of war as the troops
of the United States." He would have found,
by going on a little further, to the act of March
3, 1809, that (t militia or volunteers, whenever
called into the service of the United States, shall
have the organization of the Army, and receive
the same payand allowances." How, pray,are
they to have the organization of the Army, if
there is to be no inspection and muster? It is but
a means for executing the law—the necessary and
only means by which the law can be properly
executed. It is calling out the militia, and the
Senator merely confounds himself in the use of
the words volunteers and militia. Militia means
State troops: volunteers are State troops.
Then he passes to the other point, ill which he
exhibits a tendency to make out of this a sec-
tional question. He wants to know why the
troops m Oregon are not paid, if these are paid,
and how the President could call them out other-
wise than by issuing his order to a militia officer?
The President acts through his agents; he acts
through the Secretary of War; and acts through
the officers commanding in departments. lie ne-
cessarily acts through the multitude of agents
who are given to him to enable him to pel form
his duty. In this case, authority was given to
the general, within certain restrictions, to call out
the militia of Texas to suppress the Indian trou-
bles existing upon her border. The general then
called on the Governor, and the Governor called
on the militia of the State, always acting within
the limits prescribed by the order of the Pres-
ident. Under the orders of the Governor of the
State, which ought to have satisfied the gentle-
man's idea of State rights, the militia of the State
were called into the service of the United States.
To see that they are mounted on serviceable
horses; to see that they have proper arms and
equipments; to see that the men are fit for service;
they are inspected and mustered into the service
of the United States. All this is needful for the
service; needful also to secure the Government
from claims for pay for services which have not
been rendered; the only mode in which it could
be effected.
Now, as to the difference between the case of
Oregon and the case of Texas. The President of
the United-States, acting through his agents,
called a certain portion of the militia of Texas into
service, and the amendment proposes to pay them.
In Oregon, another portion of the militia was
called into service by authority of the Governor:
it is not provided for. The committee have not
reported adversely to it, and the House of Rep-
resentatives, I understand, are acting favorably
upon it. Texas had a case of the same kind,
whore the Governor of Texas called the militia
into service without authority from the President,
and the Senator from Texas presented an amend-
ment to cover the case. The case of Oregon is
parallel to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Texas; it is not parallel to the amendment
offered by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The one is to pay a debt incurred by the action
of the Government itself; the other is to assume
a debt resulting from the action of the Governor
of the State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stcart
in the chair.) The Senator from Texas was en-
titled to the floor, and yielded it to the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Senator wishes to ex
plain, I will give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to reply in a few
words to the Senator from Mississippi, on this
point of law and the Constitution. The point
which I make is not that men volunteer rather
than are drafted as militia; nor is the point which
I make to be got over by such remarks as trem-
bling about the Constitution. I do not think that
settles the constitutional principle one way or the
other. If I manifested extraordinary zeal to pre-
serve the Constitution as our fathers made it, and
to prevent an accumulation of power unjustly and
unconstitutionally in the hands of the President,
1 did so because I thought it was important that
we should guard the Constitution in this respect,
and that there may be danger at some other time,
if not now. But these are general considerations:
I desire to direct my attention particularly to
what the Constitution and the law say. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi reads the third section of
this act, which declares that, " whenever it may
he necessary, in the judgment of the President,
to use the military force heieby dnected to be
called forth, the President shall forthwith, by
proclamation, command such insurgents to dis-
perse." Surely the Senator from Mississippi did
not read that as applicable to this case.
Mr.DAVIS. I read it as in continuation of what
you yourself had read. The part you read is
applicable exactly to the ease.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That applies to the other
class of cases. The President issues no procla-
mation for insurgents to disperse in case of an In-
dian war. That is in case of an insurrection, or
where there is resistance to the laws, and it is
necessary to call m the military aid. But if you
will look through the whole law, you will find
that the organization of the militia is intended to
be kept up distinct, and not to be merged in the
Army.
Now, what I object to about the volunteers is,
not that the men who serve do not wait to be
drafted. I am glad that our people volunteer, and
would always rather see the men serving willingly
and by choice, than to be dragged into the ser-
vice of the country; and 1 believe our people,
jvhenever there is an occasion, are ready to vol-
unteer. It is not the name that I care about. It
is the change, as I conceive, of the law, by incor-
porating this force into the United States service,
the same as the regular soldiers. Now, let me
read the fourth section:
" The militia employed in the service of the United States
shall be subject to the same rules and articles of war as the
troops of the United States. No officer shali be compelled
to serve more than three months."
Thep the fifth section goes on to provide " that
every officer, non-commissioned officer, or private
of tfcd militia who shall fail to obey the orders of
the President," shall be subject to certain penal-
ties. The sixth section provides that courts-mar-
tial for the trial of the militia shall be composed
of militia officers only. All the clauses, Without
taking up the time of the Senate to read them
through, look to the organization of this body
called the militia, composed of volunteers, if you
please, as a separate body, not merged into the
Army, as if you were to pour two quantities of
water together into one. The law requires the
orders to be issued to the militia. Now, I should
like to know what the fact is in this case. I should
like to know if this was not a voluntary entering
into the Army -of the United States under the
Army officers of the United States, and not a case
where the militia were called out, as detailed by
the Senator from Mississippi? I do not object to
the President issuing his orders through the Sec-
retary of War, or through the general, calling
upon the Governor of a State for militia. No-
body objects to that. What is your amendment ?
Your amendment is to pay for volunteers in the
Army of the United States, called out by General
Smith, or called out by the President. I say,
neither the President nor General Smith, who is
the President in this case for this purpose, has
any authority to call out volunteers. Let the
amendment he to pay for the militia of the State
of Texas, called out by the authority of the Pres-
ident of the United State's, and 110 objection lies
to it in a constitutional point of view.
Mr. DAVIS. I really am quite at a loss to
understand what the difficulty of the Senator from
Illinois is. He says he makes no distinction be-
tween volunteers and militia; but he objects to
their being merged in the Army; and the only
evidence of their being merged in the Army is,
that they were mustered into the service of the
United States. How are nnlitia to be employed,
if not in the service of the United States, by the
President? The Constitution gave to Congress
the power " to provide for calling forth the mili-
tia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions." The first
section of the law which the Senator read, and
which I did not think it nccessary to read over
again, little supposing that he would take advant-
age of my not reading it again, as though it was
not in the law, is, " that, whenever the United
States shall be invaded, or be in imminent dan-
ger of invasion, from any foreign nation or any
Indian tribe, the President shall have power to
call forth the militia." It is under that authority
that the President proceeded, through the general
commanding the department, to call on the Gov-
ernor for the militia. The Governor called forth
the militia. They entered the service under the
law of the United States limiting them to six
months, or, as some suppose, three months; six
months being the law passed during the war with
Mexico, which may be general or special; I am
not prepared to say which. Under this they
served as militia, State troops; but voluntarily
coming into the service—in the service of the Uni-
ted States, as militia always are when called out
by the President. Otherwise, they would be un-
der the orders of the Governor. 'If under the
orders of the Governor, no claim could be here.
Therefore, the whole effort of the Senator is, that
the committee should put the amendment in a
form which would deprive the soldiers of any
claim to payment out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HOUSTOJN\ I will remark, by way of
explanation, to my friend from Illinois, that we
have no militia in Texas. They are all volun-
teers, and have been from the commencement of
the country up to this time. There is no organ-
ization of nnlitia m Texas; there is but one militia
officei recognized in the constitution who is in
i service, and that is the Governor of the State,
i General Smith, being satisfied that the condition
i of the country required defense, called upon the
