1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
nia's two Senators, who are working with all their
known energy and ability for the road, give us
thirty-four, a majority of all the members of the
Senate. We may count safely on the five States
northwest of the Ohio, as I suppose; the three
named west of the Mississippi, and California,
will not dare to oppose it. If we should be de-
serted by Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, Vir-
ginia, Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, aftd the
extreme South and Southwest, still, New Eng-
land, New York, and Pennsylvania, have the
strength to give us the road. I think it clue to
the Northwest to make this appeal to the Senators
from these States, and to say that we expect, and
have a right to expect, them to give us their united
support.
We are called on every year to vote immense
sums of money for the benefit of'.lhe commerce
of New England, New York, and Pennsylvania.
We have no direct interest in the Navy of the
United States to protect our commerce. We have
no commerce. We have not a ship afloat on any
of the high seas. We vote thirteen or fourteen
million dollars for the Navy for the protection of
this commerce and for the safety in transitu of the
greeft staples of the southern States. We vote mil-
lions o^money for harbor improvements on the At-
lantic and the Gulf. We vote many hundreds of
thousands more for light-houses and beacons for
the benefit of navigation and foreign trade. We
are not directly interested; we sustain our part of
the burdens for the interest of the country at largo,
as citizens ofthe common Confederacy. Wo have
a direct interest, however, in securing railroad
communication directly across the continent t'o
the commercial cities of the Pacific.
The honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts fur-
nished the elements of estimates which, I fear, will
be used by the opponents of this measure as an
argument against us. He remarked that freight
by railroads in the United States cost, on an av-
erage, four cents a mile per ton. The distance
from New York or Boston to San Francisco was
about three thousand miles, and hcncc that freight
to California, by railroad, must necessarily cost
largely more than by the Atlantic and Pacific
steamers. But, by looking at our maps, it will be
seen thatNew York city is more than one thousand
miles from Chicago; Chicago is two hundred miles
east of the Mississippi, and Council Bluffs or Sioux
City is between three and four hundred miles fur-
ther west, giving us a distance from the Missouri
river of over fifteen hundred miles of railroad before
we can reach New York to ship, by steamer, to
California. Hence, we must pay four ccnts a mile
per ton from the center of the continent before we
can reach New York, and then, in addition, the
cost of freight, by steamers, to the Pacific. Wo
have eight millions of people in the Northwest
that are interested in being connected directly with
the trade of the world; and, as it appears to me,
in justice this cannot be denied us.
Nor do 1 think the States that have peculiar in-
terests to protect, should complain if we should
watch narrowly the measure of aid and comfort
we receive from theii Senators and Representa-
tives in Congress. We cannot, with much con-
fidence, look for support from the southern States
bordering on the Atlantic and the Gulf. Their
known political opinions are opposed to such en-
terprises by the Government of the United States;
and many of these States &re in the vicinity of a
shorter and, for them, a better route. They are
down near the isthmus. It is not to be expected
that a majority of them will voteforany longline
of railroad to be constructed to a very considera-
ble extent by money drawn from the Treasury of
the United States.
I ought to state, I think, before I conclude, that
unless°some such amendment as the one I have
proposed shall be adopted, so as to secure the
location of the road near the center of the Republic
west, this bill cannot be passed by the senate. 1
know enough of those who are pledged for a rail-
road, who will vote against any bill that does not
locate the general route of the road.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Piesident, I feel very re-
luctant to misappiehend the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and to reply to lus remarks without,
correctly understanding their meaning. There-
i'ore I wish to ask him whether, in arraigning the
last Administration as having used all its power
to "belittle" northern lines and to " magnify
the extreme southern line,he intended to imply a
want of integrity in the performance of the duty
assigned to it to find the most practicaBle and
economical route?
Mr. WILSON. I will say, in regard to that,
that the Senator from Mississippi had for four
years the direction of these surveys, and I do not
question here, or anywhere else, his integrity;
but I do say, what I believe to be true, and what
I think any man who has ever read the reports of
the surveyors, and his own comments upon them,
his own deductions and inferences, and who has
examined carefully the policy of the Government,
will say, that his general opinions, his feelings, or
some matter that might spring from his location in
the country and from his general views, did, to a
certain extent, color his actions. I do not here
question his integrity or his honesty in anyway
whatever; for, so far as my experience goes, I
have no reason to do it; but I do say that I think
no intelligent man can rise-from the perusal of
those volumes and not say that he thinks the Sen-
ator's elaborate report on the surveys is not sus-
tained by the evidence in the surveys; and that the
Government, by its purchase of territory, by its
introduction of camels, by its sinking of wells,
and all its other policy, has elevated the southern
route and let the others, to a great extent, take
care of themselves.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator attributes to me a bias on account of my lo-
cation—my residence. I believe no man loves
the section in which he lives better than I do.
Every fiber of my heart would respond to the
rights and the interests of that section, whenever
they are involved. But I feel, sir, that a public
officer has a higher duty than that which his sen-
timents and his feelings prompt, and 1 think 1 can
show to the Senator tnat he is entirely mistaken
in the conclusion at which he has arrived. As he
does not question my motives, so I shall not ques-
tion his; but I think I can conclusively prove to
him, or to any other man who may be prejudiced
like himself, that if there be a difference at all, it
is upon the otherside. I am not conscious of ever
having favored one line or the other; but if the
proofs lead irresistibly to any conclusion, the rec-
ord would convict me of having favored the ex-
treme northern line; so it stands.
It will be remembered, Mr. President, that when
Congress made an appropriation directing the
War Department, by topographical and other en-
gineers, and other persons, to explore the coun-
try, so as to determine the most practicable and
economical route for a railroad from the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific, I was at. the head of the De-
partment of War. 1 organized companies to survey
lines wherever previous explorations, wherever
the reports of trappers and hunters indicated that
there might be a practicable route for a railroad.
Even against what I believed, from examinations
partially made, would be found, and because of
the constant assertions made in the two Houses of
Congress of the practicability of aparticular route,
a party was organized and explored it. It was the
only line which was finally pronounced wholly
impracticable.
Then, sir, as to the manner in which those
parties were organized. On the route of the forty-
ninth parallel, a party was organized, at the head
of which was placed a gentleman recently distin-
guished as an officer of the engineer corps, who
had been for a long time employed on the coast
survey, and therefore was particularly trained to
the exact character of observation which he would
be required to make, he had recently left the
United States military service and been appoint-
ed Governor of the Territory of Washington.
Where, in the whole length and breadth of the
land, could I have found a man with higher indi-
cations of qualification, or one who could have
been supposed more earnestly to desire to find a
practicable route to that Territory, than Isaac I.
Stevens, who was appointed to the command of
that party? Then, sir, not only did I sclcct this
person thus described, but his was the first party
to whom instructions were given, the first party
for whom any provision was made. This was
because I knew it was the most difficult explora-
tion, and therefore should have the largest amount
of time; not that 1 cared for one route more than
another. Between me and my God, J can stand
and say I had no purpose but to perform my duty
like an honest man. I am glad that has not been
arraigned.
Not only was this party the first organized and
a man thus specially qualified put in charge of it,
but the quartermasters department was required
to furnish trains; and a large sum of money, sup-
posed to be not less than $15,000, and a corps of
sappers and miners were given to it, and a num-
ber of military officers not furnished to any other
expedition. Now, perhaps, I may be asked by
the advocates of the southern line why was this
done ? My answer is, it was an unexplored re-
gion; it was filled with savage and hostile Indians, _
and the party was organized to acquire that sort "
of information which was necessary not only for
a railroad, but for the military purposes of the
Government. Because of its peculiar relation to
the inhabitants, and the wants of the country, it
derived this special advantage, and received
§15,000 in cash from the quartermaster's de-
partment, besides the sum of money which was
turned over to it from the appropriation for the
specific work. There were seven officers of the
Army attached to the expedition, besides the de-
tachment of sappers and miners, some of whom
were non-commissioned officers. Their pay was
taken from the appropriation for the support of
the Army, and not charged to the expense of this
exploration. To the other exploring parties, only
two officers of the Army were given; an advant-
age of two to seven. If to the sum of $74,000
which was set aside for this exploration, you add
one half the sum expended for the party for ex-
plorations of the connections with San Francisco,
$21,000, it appears that this party received $95,000
in money, out of the appropriation for the explor-
ation and survey of routes; a larger sum than was
given to any other route.
I ask, then, how can a man whose eyes are not
utterly blinded by his sectional prejudices, arraign
the fairness with which that money was distrib-
uted to the parties engaged in the exploration J,
Then looking south ward, on the route of the forty-
first and thirty-ninth parallel, $38,000 were given.
The eastern half of this route having been ex-
plored by Fremont and Stansbury, it was unne-
cessary to go over it again; it was a champaign
country. This reduced the line of exploration,
and consequently reduced the amount of money
which was required for it, and therefore but $38,000
were given. Then adding one half the expendi-
ture for exploring the connections with San Fran-
cisco, #21 ,000, you find for this line a total of
$59,000.
Then on the route of the thirty*fifth parallel,
§58,000 was given originally. Adding one half
the sum for the connection with San Francisco,
$23,500, makes $81,500 for the route of the thir-
ty-fifth parallel. On the route of the thirty-second
parallel, in 1854, $29,000 were given; and, to as-
certain the practicability of obtaining water by
sinking artesian wells in regions of a certain char-
acter, west of the Rio Grande, $20,000, making a
total for 1854, on the thirty-second parallel, of
§49,000. Then further explorations for a better
connection with San Francisco in 1855 involved
additional expenditure, which, with the comple-
tion of the work previously commenced, raised
the total on that route to $72,500; or, stating it
differently,$37,500 in 1854, and $35,000 in 1855,
making a total of $72,500.
Then let us divide it between the two sections
of the country. This apportionment was made
with no intent to favor one or the other; but was,
us I have stated, purely accidental, and was not
discovered until I saw in a newspaper the miser-
able charge that this money had been appropriated
to the benefit of the southern route. 1 then had a
comparison instituted, and it turned out to be,
dollar for dollar, exactly equal—$154,000 for the
southern, and $154,000 for the northern routes,
regarding the thirty-fifth parallel as a southern
route. This included both the first and second
appropriations. In addition to these expenditures,
there were certain expenditures for the office of
the railroad exploration. They were common to
all, and therefore are charged upon each.
As to the sinking of the artesian wejls, the first
expenditures were made on the line oi the thirty-
second parallel, and have been included in the
charge against that line, though in fact being for
, the interest of all. Afterwards, as it had not
! proved successful, but was attended by such indi-
' cations as rendered itprobabb' that water coul*! be
I obtained to flow on th.e surface of tile earth, Con-
! gress, without the recommendation of the Depart-
