THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS,
PUBLISHED
BY JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY,
FEBRUARY 28,
1859.
New Series....No. 88.
Governor; the Governor made his proclamation
for militia, and they presented themselves under
the name and character of volunteers, for there
really was no organization of militia, nor could
any draft have taken place. The country was
not laid off into heats, companies, battalions,
regiments, or brigades. The emergency under
which the Governor acted was subsequent to the
time when Genera) Smith made the call, but the
exigencies were equally as great as they had been
in the case where troops were called for by Gen-
eral Smith, and required immediate action. The
condition of our extended frontier would not ad-
mit of postponement until orders could come from
"Washington to authorize the calling out of troops;
and upon the emergency these troops were called
out, not for the purpose of suppressing insurrec-
tion, or war made by Indians resident in Texas,
but by those who came from the reservations east
of the Red river, and from the upper portions of
the Arkansas and the Canadian. These were the
Indians that invaded Texas. The call was not
for troops to suppress insurrections of our own
Indians, but the invasion of Indians with whom
the United States had treaties, and whom they
were bound to hold in suboidination to their or-
ders. They failed to doit; and the necessities
of Texas were of such a character that they could
not be postponed, and hence it was that the Gov-
ernor, acting on his own responsibility, and the
right he had to call out the militia to repel inva-
sion, called for volunteers. From the masses that
presented themselves in the character of militia,
but under the name of volunteers, he selected
these companies, and they were mustered into
the service of the United States by a United Stales
officer, and placed under the control of those who
had been commissioned by the Governor for the
occasion.
These are the circumstances of this demand;
and the government of Texas, satisfied of their
havingperformed theirservice with fidelity,called
upon the Legislature, which made an appropria-
tion of $184,000, that has actually been paid to
the militia upon their being regularly mustered
out; part of them under the orders of General
Smith, through the Governor, and the other por-
tion of them by the orders of the Governor. The
government of Texas appropriated and paid these
troops the sum of money that we now want re-
imbursed.
That is the whole history of it. If Texas is
hound to defend her own territory, whilst other
States and Territories have had all the benefits
resulting; and when she did not contrive this war,
nor produce the necessities that were upon her,
it is very strange, indeed, that she cannot be re-
imbursed for what she has actually paid. Anti-
cipating not only the good faith of the Govern-
ment, but its justice to her, she has made these
advances. Can the Senate deny that she is enti-
tled to be reimbursed and remunerated for what
she has actually paid outof her treasury? I hope
the Senate will determine that this is a just de-
mand; and for that purpose I offer the following
amendment to the amendment:
And that the furthrr.-um of $181 554 57 be appropriated ;
and that the Stcretutvof Wat fcii.ni, mi siuou a* ihe pny
toIK and proper vouchor* ^hall ho m the War Impair-
ment, pay to the dute of Texas the amount which "he may
have actually paid out of iiertrciwirj, ami has hoen appro-
priated by the State of To a as to p.iy troops who have actu-
ally s^rvod and been discharged.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order
that that does not come from any committee, and
that there is no estimate for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment to the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. KING. I concur with many of the views
presented by my friend from Illinois, in relation
to the propnety of a rigid compliance with the
limitations of the Constitution, in calls by the
President for troops. I do not propose, however,
to discuss that quesnon. I leave it with the views
which have been presented. There is,in myjudsr-
ment, other ground on which the Senate should
refuse to agree to this amendment. I find, that
88
in 1855, in the twenty-first section of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, there was this pro-
vision:
" Jlnd be it further enacted. That the sum of $25,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated, to pay the neces-
sary expenses of s=ix companies ofvohmteers called into the
service of the United States by Unrulier General Smith, in
the Slate of Texas, to be paid under the direction of the
Secretary of War."
This is an appropriation, as I understand, to
pay the very troops for whom this amendment
provides; and the$25,000 then appropriated, was
expended in the payment. It was all that was
then presented for these claims. The amount now
ckiimed is rather vague. As presented to the
Military Committee, it was for an amount cover-
ing not only the troops which were called out by
General Persifer Smith, but a large number of
troops who had been called out by the Governor
of Texas, without any authority or recognition
on the part of the Government of the United
States. The Military Committee distinguished
between the two classes of troops which had been
called out in Texas. At the time referred to, there
was a good deuhpf filibustering on the Rio Grande,
and danger of an expedition into Mexico; and
some troops, I believe, went over into Mexico.
There was a good deal of confusion about how
long these companies were in the service of the
State of Texas, and I think some of them weie
serving for a time under somebody on the other
side of the Ilio Grande. The conclusion of the com-
mittee was, to distinguish between the twoclasses.
This amendment is reported in accordance with
that understanding of the committee to which I
assented, that the tioops cailcd out by General
Smith, for securing the frontier, should be paid.
Afterwards, after this had been agreed upon, and
not before, I understood that these troops of Gen-
eral Smith had been paid, and that the claim upon
which it was stated in the beginning something
had been paid, and the various demands by Texas
for its advances to its militia, were all mixed up
together; and what had been paid for Smith's
troops, was allowed as a credit upon the general
account. I understand, also, that there is, .some-
where among these papers,a statement that some
sixty-eightthoosand dollars in addition have been
paid fiom the War Department. I have not ex-
amined this case: if was not under any particular
charge of mine. I have not looked at the statutes,
to find under what authority that amount was
paid; but I undeistand that, from the War De-
partment, information has been received that the
sum of $08,000 has also been paid; but for what
particular purpose, 1 am not able to state to the
Senate.
Mr. WARD. I can state to the Senator from
New York that the appropriation of $08,000, to
which he refers, applies to the companies in the
United States service; and that there is but one
appropriation which was made for these compa-
nies, and that was before they were mustered into
the service, for supplies furnished to them in Aus-
tin, as the records will show.
Mr. KING. Unless such statements can be
made beyond what I have had m the committee, to
satisfy me, I shall have to vote against the amend-
ment. Fiom the statements made in the com-
mittee, I assented to the payment of these troops
of General Smith without supposing that they
had been paid; but from subsequent facts and m-
formanon coming to tne, it is my opinion that
the specific troops have been paid, but that the
accounts are so mixed up that it is difficult to dis-
tinamsn thorn. This amendment proposes to make
an "allowance to Texas, and Texas may pay
Smith's troops again, and wc shall have another
bill to pay sous'1 troops which tins money would
have paid, if it had not been applied in that way.
I suppose these troops have been paid by the State
of Texas, and an allowance to that State ought to
settle the account. I make this as an objection
againt the passage of any measure in our present
state of information, on the subject of these ac-
counts. I was misled myself by the first present-
ations that were made. I should not have as-
sented to the report of this amendment if I had
known at the time what I now do.
Mr. HALE. So far as I am concerned, I have
a very brief answer to all these applications, and
it is satisfactory to my mind; and it is this: as
long as you pay bounties for any particular pro-
duction you will have it, and just as long as you
pay bounties on Indian wars you will have them.
A friend of mine this session related to me an
anecdote; I will not give his name. He met one
of his friends who had gone out West, into Wash-
ington Territory, I think, and when he came
back, after a year or two, he inquired how they
were getting on there. "Oh, tolerably well,
was the reply; " the country is very fine,a good
soil, but we have no money; and now what we
want to give us a start is an Indian war. If we
could get that up, wo should succeed as they have
in other Territories." The old gentleman who
told me the story said it was not a year before
they had an Indian war. Whether the bills for
that Indian war are paid or not, I do not know;
but so long as wejiay bounties on Indian wars,
we shall have them, and the more we pay the
more we shall get; and just cxactly as often as
you send yourarmy into the Indian territory you
will have wars. Withdraw your army ana you
will have no war. I am against the whole of it.
Mr. WARD. The anecdote related by the hon-
orable gentleman does not apply to this case at all.
There is abundant proof that the emergency ex-
isted for calling out these troops. That is beyond
doubt. If the emergency existed, and the volun-
teers were called out, and the money was paid by
the State, certainly it should be refunded. There
is no question as to the existence of the emer-
gency.
Mr. KING. I desire to make a brief remark
in relation to what has .fallen from the Senator
from New Hampshire. I concur with the Sen-
atoi from Texas that, although the remarks of the
Senator fi om New Hampshire may be very proper
in the general, they are not applicable to this case.
I have, however, presented here a section of a
statute showing that an appropriation lias been
made to pay these troops. Whether they wore
necessary or not, they have been paid; and that
certain!}' ought to be conclusive.
Mr. CHESNUT. Mr. President, as I am one
of the Committee on Military AfTaits, to whom
the investigation of this matter was committed,
and as the chairman, the Senator from Missis-
sippi, is not m his seat, it is proper that 1 should
piesent some of the views which go'.emea them
in recommending the amendment now under con-
sideratio n.
I do not think this claim on the part of Texas
has been fully and fairly presented by the Senator
from Nev.r York.
In 1S54, General Persifer F. Smith, underorder
of the President, made requisition on the Gov-
ernor of Texas, for six companies of mounted
volunteeis, to suppress insurrection of Indian
tribes on the frontiers of that State. There were
several orders, which were contradictory as to
the point of rendezvous, and the place of muster-
ing these troops into the service of the United
States. This caused much confusion in the as-
sembling, movements, provision6?, and general
support of the troops, and occasioned to the State
the expenditure of a large sum of money, whi&h
has not been repaid by this Government. It in
this sum which the committee now propose to
provide for. The Senator from New York thinks
that this has been paid, hecausejie finds an ap-
propriation made in March, 1855, forpaytuc it of
Texan volunteers. The appropriation was for
£'■25,000, if so much should be found neot ssary.
By inspection of the correspondence between
Senator Rusk and Governor Pease, of Texas, in
possession of the committee, it appears that this
was made for, and applied to, the payment of an
account arisingunder a contract between the Gov-
ernor and a merchant m Austin, for the supply of
articles absolutely necessary for the troop's, who
had been assembled in Austin under the orders of
General Smith, and for whom no provision had
