312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
ment, made an appropriation of $100,000. "Why-
charge that against the Administration? I say,
that without the recommendation of the Adminis-
tration, Congress made that appropriation. They
made it for a larger sum than I believed to be'ne-
cessary. The officer returned to the work and
prosecuted it without success, and it is now prob-
able that we are to be disappointed. At least the
last accounts which I heard of it fiere that a vein
of water had been struck between two strata of
rock, and that the current flowed with such ve-
locity as indicated an open channel, and destroyed
the probability that it would ever rise to the sur-
face. Whether the boring has been commenced
at another point or not, is more than I can tell.
It is not at all improbable, however, that within
a short distance, in the same region, he may strike
water which would rise to the surface of the
earth.
Why were these artesian wells attempted ? The
Senator seems to think it was to render a line prac-
ticable which nature had rendered otherwise. Not
so. It is true, the boring of these artesian wells
was connected with the question of the railroad,
but it was connected with a much broader ques-
tion. It was whether all that arid desert, which
separates the population of (he East and the West,
upon every line of road, could ever be rendered fit
for the habitation of man. Ifaitesian water could
be obtained, and flow upon ihe surface, it would
first* produce grass, subsequently timber, and a
country which otherwise will remain a desert for-
ever, would be made the habitation of man, and
be converted to the uses, if not of agriculture, at
least those of pastoral life. It was but tributary
to the railroad. It was commenced on the Llano
estacado, and not far from the river Pecos, be-
cause it was believed to be one of the least prob-
able points, and if it could succeed there it would
certainly succeed on the desert plains all the way
north to the British possessions. If it had suc-
ceeded there, 1 do not doubt hut that experiments
would have been made hereafter by companies—
the expense would be beyond the power of indi-
viduals—and that districts would have been eon-
verted to pastoral uses; and I trust yet there are
many in the Senate who will live to see the day
when that will come about, and when a country
where rain and dew are denied by meteorological
condition, will be rendered lit for the uses of civ-
ilized man, and contribute greatly to expand not
merely the wealth of the West, with which it is
geographically connected, but the wealth of our
whole country?
Then, sir, as to the question of this arid region.
The Senator has omitted to read to us from the
Secretary's report showing the aridity and desert
character of some portion of the country crossed
by the thirty-second parallel, as though that was
a matter which had never been presented to the
country in connection with the explorations of
this route, anil yet lie leads from the very testi-
mony on which the report was made; and in that
report, brief as it was —and suiely it might have
been read—he would find these facts stated in
the same manner in which he has quoted them.
He would have found, in the first instance, that
I did not announce to the country that such a
survey had been made as would justify capital-
ists in locating the road; I did not say that the
question was concluded for all time to come; but
Id id say, and he will find it on the eighth page,
that—
" If the results of the explorations made under tliese in -
structionh do not luimsh tl.e data requisite to solve every
question satisfactorily, they at least l'ivo a Inice amount of
valuable inloiniation, and place tlio ijuoniou m a toleiably
clear ligllt. We hco now. with some piec-wion, the liatuie
and extent of the difficulties to be cueounteied. and, at the
same time, the means el' surmounting them."'
This is in the first volume of railroad explora-
tions; and I may here also state that in this vol-
ume is contained the report of the survey of the
route near the forty-ninth parallel, being the only
report contained 111 this volume, and thrown be-
fore the public a long time before any other one
was published. It had in this another advantage;
and here let me state how it arose. Governor Ste-
vens, having charge of this exploration, made his
report first, and therefore it was the first ready for
publication. There was neither favor for that
route, nor prejudice against it.'
In speaking of this northern route, I did not,
as the Senator seems to assume, declare that it
was imnractieablc. On the other hand, I proved
that it was practicable—practicable, but vastly
expensive: and expensive because of the short
curves so well described by the Senatorfrom Io wa;
expensive also, because of the heavy embank-
ments which were to be made, and which, in the
very brief period of these explorations, could not
certainly be determined; and the probability now
is, that if we were to return to the examination,
and with more extended observations, greater
capacity for determining the questions, we would
find the level of all those streams at the periods of
the greatest floods, such that the embankments
would far exceed the estimates which have been
made, and consequently would swell the cost of
constructing the road on that route. It was in
relation to the passes of the Cascade range that
the Senator will find this sentence:
" But where the position itself 13 so unfavorable, the final
advantages should be very great to determine the selection
of this route. The informal 1011 now possessed is sufficient
to decide against this route.5'
What was the information ? That the snow was
twenty feet deep 111 the passes; that a tunnel had
to be cut a thousand feet under the ground, with
other difficulties; showing that one tunnel could
not, by any means we could apply to it, be cut
within ten years. Wasitinlendedtodecideagainst
the route near the forty-ninth parallel? No; it
was to show that it could not cross the Cascade
range and go to Puget Sound, but it must turn
down across the plains and go to the valley of the
Columbia.
Rut the Senator says Army officers are pecu-
liarly unqualified to form and give to the public
an opinion worthy of confidence. Let us see
whether the evidence before us is confined to the
statements of military officers. Having indicated
the route on which 1 believed a road could be built,
by following the valley of the Columbia after
crossing the Rooky Mountains, then comes the
opinion of the civil engineer, Mr. Lander, the very
character of person, the Senator says, who ought
to have been employed, and who was sent with
Governor Stevens as one of his party:
''From the Dalles to near Vancouver, ninety miles, the
roeKy lilull'-. cIum; up tile met, and the work lequued will
In; Minilar m that of the Tln.'li-on uvrr iai!road, along the
mountain region. In tho opinion of Mr. Lander, 'the high
floods to winch tiic Columbia river is Mibp'ct, arc sr-rious
ol>!4uei<'H to obtaining the Ixiot location for cheap construc-
tion oileicd In iis valley.; 55
Then ho goes on to state the character of that
river. Such is the character of the route, as re-
ported by the officer 111 charge, aided by the civil
engineer, who was with him. Liutwe arc told by
the Senator that this is a route of fertility along
which people of an agricultural character can fix
their residence, and thus form the material, not
only for building but for supporting the road. We
are told of the desert character of the country on
the thirty-second parallel. Why, sir, mile for
mde, there is more d use if reported, as my memory
serves me, on the extreme northern than on the
extreme southern route. It is there we find those
terrible wastes of wild sage fit for nothing, il is
said, but the camel to eat; where the horses of the
party ofcxploiation were nearly starved—a coun-
try of drifting sand. So it is described in the pub-
lished reports. Why go out of the first volume
containing these descriptions into a subsequent
volume to find drifting sands. But before citing
the opinions of the surveying officers in relation
to the fertility of this northern region, I wish to
show what statement was made by the then Sec-
retary of War in relation to the northern route for
a railroad; whether he concealed anything that
was favorable to this line. After treating of the
whole subject, this brief report says:
"Fiom the Rocky Mountains to Seattle, wood, stone,
and othci budding matonata aie found along the line of the
unite, or at points t-o accessible to it that it may be eon&id-
i ered wcil supplied with them throughout.
i l" The nifoimauon upon the ch.uac.er of the soil upon
, the tome does not admitoi «ati<ifactoiy concisions to be de-
j duced. It is Millieient, however, to show that m tins Kill-
j tudo. as in that of the Aiknn-.u, the ihicultivable icgion
I begins about the liinctjr-nmtli nieiiduin.'1
And then it pioceeds with its geological char-
actor.
a The mountain masses, spurns, and tabic lands of the
Cascade chain, east of the mam crest, are stenle. There
are exceptions to thi* general sterility m the mountain val-
ley*, wheie the .soil is better constituted forfemlity and. the
ram.i more abundant; but, although poitions of these are
suitable for agucultural purposes, they are better adapted to
giazing."
It next notices the estimated areas of fertile land.
This brings me to what was said of the sterility
of other routes. In regard to the route of the
thirty-second parallel, this document said:
a From the report of Captain Pope, it would appear tliat the
belt of fertile land which hes on the west side of the Missis-
sippi throughout its ienetii; extends on this loute nearly to
the head waters of the Colorado of Texas, in about longi-
tude 102°—that is about three degrees further west than on
the more northern routes. The evidence adduced in sup-
port of this opinion is not, however, conclusive."
I would say, speculative meteorology would
render it probable, but soguarded was this report
in relation to every route, that here, in speaking of
the thirty-second parallel, it is said that the state-
mentof Captain Pope, that fertility on that region
extended to theone hundred and second meridian,
is not conclusive, though he had abundant op-
portunities for observation, certainly more than
any officer had on another line:
" The evidence adduced in support of this opinion is not,
however, conclusive; and, until it is rendered more com-
plete, the fertile soil must be considered m this, as in other
latitudes, to terminate about the*niucty-mnth meridian.
Thence to the Pacific slopes the route is over uncultivable
soil, though generally giassed, the exceptions being, as on
the route of the thirty-fifth parallel, in portions of the val-
leys of the Vecos, Rio Grande, Gila, and Coloiado of the
VVc^t. The table lands and mountain slopes are usually
well covered with grama-giass, and in New Mexico have
supported immense herds of cattle. There arc excepuons
to tins, however, on the greater portion of the Llano Esta-
cado, on portions of the plains between the Rio Graudo and
the Gila ; and (compused in that space) fiom Tuezon to the
Gda, eighty miles, there is no grass on the route traveled,
nor i'j it to'be found on the Lower Gila valley.1'
The very thing which the Senator explored
I the report of Lieutenant Michler to find, and read
| as matter which had been drawn frgm some re-
i cess and never'presented by the Department.
1 u Occasional patches of bunch glass only hpmg found on
I the plain, and a^pccies of giania-giasa sometimes upon tho
[ mountain-sides. No giass is found on the Colorado desert,
! one humhed and thirty-five miles along the line of loca-
| tion.
j '-The length of the route through this generally unculti-
1 vable soil is twelve hundred and ten miles. Upon descend-
ing from the summit ot the San Gorgomo Pass on the route
to kail Tedio. the soil is ferule, and either well watered or
can be ungated."
Here, again, all speculation is omitted as to
what might be obtained by using that which the
ancient Hebrews always found the fertilizer of
sod—water—to conveit that sterile plain which
is spoken of, on the west side of the Colorado,
into land as productive as any which is cultivated
by man either on this or the other continents of
the globe. By merely tapping the Colorado river
and turning the water out on that sandy plain
which is here described as a desert, I believe Cal-
ifornia may there command an agricultural re-
gion which, acre for acre, will be equal to any
upon the banks of the Nile; but at this and allv
other points of speculation, things not determined
by an actual existing state of facts, and brought
home as results of explorations, were excluded
from the report.
Then, sir, 1 come to the geological descrip-
tion furnished by Governor Stevens of his own
route:
" From the range called the Snake river divide, the whole
character ol the country is completely changed. Here the
geological foimation is basaltic and volcanic, principally.
None of the numerous stt earns and rivulets flowing fiora the
mountains, along the route we tiavelcd, emptied into the
Snake river, but either sunk intothegiomidor fomied small
lakes in the broad valley of the Snake liver. The ground,
in most places, is formed piinoipaily of Kind; and whore
large beds of basalt are not lound, the ground is of a cl;y, ab-
sorbing naluie, through which the wafci sinks, at times
bursting out again. It was somewhat singula!, that for sixty
! miles above Fort Hall, along the main stream el Snake nvei,
we did not cross bin one tributaiy, and that coming in from
the south, winle none csme in kom the north ; all of the
stieanis. as before mentioned, either fanning lakes or sink-
ing into the ground.5'
He goes on:
" It extends for many miles m length and breadth, form-
ing an immense ocean of prairie, whose sameness is only
bteken by the ' Ttnec Bancs' of the valley, which rise like
islands mthe sea, m tin-* bioad and barren area. Its whole
ohaiaclei might be included in the word bteiility."
This is Governor Stevens's own account. Tiie
Senator could not find it there, but found^it on the
line of the thirty-second parallel. Again, Gov-
ernor Stevens says:
"From the mountains bounding the Snake river valley
on the north to Fort Hall, a traveled distance of one bun-
dled and twelve miles, there is but one tertile spot of ground
that could be converted to any useful puipose^and this is
found at Cantonment Loring, five miles above Fort Hall.''
Then again,under the head of " topography of
the route from the Missouri to the Columbia," he
says:
" Thegreat plain of the Columbia, o; plateau of Spokane,
as u baa lieen called, is bounded on the nortli by tbose
