1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
to make. I simply say, that I did it because I
thought my duty required me to do it. When
othei Territories have presented themselves here
for admission as States, and gentlemen have
thought themselves bound, by their obligations
as Senators, to vote against them, I never under-
stood that it was an impeachment of the character
of the people of the Pacific coast. I would remind
Senators coming from the Pacific coast, and from
the oldest State on the Pacific, to wit, California,
that I stood here through one long session, from
December, 1849, I think, up to the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1850, voting constantly, in every way in
which the question could be presented, for the
admission of California into this Union; and the
gentlemen with whom the elder Senator from Cal-
ifornia is now politically united, were as constant-
ly voting against her admission. The Senator
shakes his head. I should like to be corrected,
if my statement is not true.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator say that the
whole Democratic party resisted the admission of
California11
Mr. HALE. Pretty near.
Mr. GWIN. Not pretty near.
Mr. HALE. 1 did not mean the whole party,
but the sachems t!id; I mean those to whom the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr.Thompson] referred,
when lie spoke of the wise men who were enough
to lead, if all the fools did not follow. [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. Was not General Cass one of
the sachems of the party?
Mr. HALE. He was until he wrote the Nich-
olson letter, and then he was deposed. He never
could command after that. I believe he was, as
the sailors say, disrated after that. But I men-
tion this to show that I did not suppose at that
time, and do not suppose now, that the honorable
Senator from California, who was then in attend-
ance, presumed that the gentleman who so per-
sistently and constantly voted against the admis-
sion of California into the Union, thereby intended
any rcproach or disrespect to her people. No
such issue at that time was suggested or raised,
and none such is raised now. The honorable
Senator should remember, for he seems to attri-
bute much consequence to the position I took,
that there were two grounds upon which I voted
against the admission of Oregon, and they were
grounds altogether regardless of the character of
her people. I never said and never thought, that
there was anything of that sort which could be
biought against these western Territories on the
Pacific coast, and 1 beg now, here to say, so far
as I am concerned, that if I ever hear the charac-
ter of that people called in question, in any par-
ticular, more especially in anything that relates to
eloquence and the fine arts, 1 will appeal to this
day's debate as a living lefutation of anything
that may be said in disparagement of the taste
and the cultivation and the Ciceronian eloquence
and Demosthenean thunder that come from that
people. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I have a single word to say,
and that is simply this: the gentleman suggests
that he was not aware of the fact, though it may
be one, that he is laboring under a delusion, it
would not surprise me if he should continue to
labor under a delusion for some time to come;
and, without casting any imputation whatever on
that gentleman, I can say, for myself, that my
ambition is, and shall be, to represent honestly
and fairly the people of Oregon, whilst I have the
honor of a seat on this floor. I am not anxious
to acquire the reputation, here or elsewhere, of a
wit or a blackguard, and shall never play the
dandy-jack of the ring.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. KING. I ask that the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. KING. It will be seen that these troops
were called out, for three months, on the IstNo-
vember, 1854. On the 3d March, 1855, two
months after their term of service had expired,
the following provision was made for their pay-
ment:
uThat the sum of^2o,000 bo, and the same is hereby,
appiopnated, out of any money in the Tieasury not other-
wise appiopnated. to pay the pecessaiv expenses of six
companies of volunteers, called into the seivice ot tlie Uni-
ted fatates by Brigadier General Smith, in the State of Texas,
to be paid under the direction of the secretary of War."
This alludes to them as having been called into
the service. I shall vote against the proposition;
because I believe the service has been paid for.
Mr. WARD. I thought I had explained that
to the honorable gentleman. That appropriation
was obtained to cover the expenses incurred while
they were waiting at Austin, before they were
mustered into service. It was obtained here, on
the miscellaneous bill, by General Rusk, in 1855,
for that express purpose,as the records will show;
and only $20,000 of it was found to be necessary.
It does not apply to these companies at all; nor
does anything of that appropriation apply to the
companies after they were mustered into ser-
vice.
Mr. KING. It docs not so appear. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment, if there is
a disposition to press it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bate*:, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod-
enck, Brown. Ohe&tnut, Clay. Crittenden, Davis, Fitch,
FiUpamck. Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Iltuiter,
Ivei«.on, Johnson of Arkansas. Jones. Kennedy, Lane, Mal-
loiy, Mason, i'earce, Polk, Pugh, Iteid, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Simmons, bluleli, Smith, Toomb?, Ward, Wilson,
ami Wricht—3S.
NATS—Mesfcis. Chandler, Clark, Dixon,Durkee,Foot,
Foster, Hale, King, Stuart, Tiumbull, and Wade—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVfS. 1 propose to offer this as a new
section to be appended to the bill:
-2 7id.be it further cnacted. That, for the purpose of exe-
cuting a lesolunon approved May 14, 1836, entitled "A res-
olution to authorize the Secretaiy ot War to receive addi-
tional evidence in support of the claims of Massachusetts,
and uthfr State- of the United States, for services,dtfbmse-
ments &.C., during the late war," the Secretary of the
Treasury be. and lie is hereby, amhonzed and directed to
pay to Ma<-hiichu«eUs, out of any moneys in the Tiuasurv
not otherwise appiopnated, the sum of $-227,170 48, reported
under said resolution to be due to said State by J. R, Pom-
sett, late Secretary of War. in a leport dat< d the 2Md of
December, lb37, made to the House of Representatives the
27th of Decembei, 1W7.
That is to refund to the State of Massachusetts,
including what is now the State of Maine, money
expended during the war of 1S12, upon an ac-
count which was referred to the Secretary of War
some twenty years ago, and reported back with
the sum stated in the amendment, it passed the
Senate about that time, went to the House of
Representatives, and was defeated there—it is not
needful now to inquire how—and has, I believe,
never been before the Senate from that day to
this. Mr. Webster represented the case on a
former occasion, and possibly his State pride or
sensibility may have been involved in the manner
in which the ciaim was attacked in the House of
Representatives. The amount, however, which
it is now proposed to pay, is what was found to
be due in the mode provided in the law.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
by adding to it:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he h
hereby, authorized, out of am money m the Trea>ury not
otheiwise appiopnated, to pay to the Stare of Mi 3uun the
amount ot money expended by said State m impelling the
hostilities ot the Osage Indian^ m the year l&r/: Pioi-xded,
however* That the turn hetebv appropriated bhall not ex-
ceed the sum or .$19,084 08: Jhid provided further, That
the accounting officers of the Government .shall be first
satisfied that the pay and allowances for tiie nnhtia engaged
in i-atd service, embiaeed in said claim, did not exceed the
pay and allowance* oi the tioops then employed in the re-
gular service of the United States.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know whether
these are not both private claims under our ruler
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
riot aware of the circumstances under which the
amendment offered by the Senator ftom Missouii
is presented. Does he offer it from a committee ?
Mr. POLK. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it in pursu-
ance of an estimate from a Department?
Mr. POLK. I will state in regaid to it, that
it is in the words of a bill reported by a commit-
tee of the House of Representatives to whom the
matter was referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment, thi n, the Chair decides is not in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will ask the Senator fiom
Mississippi to give us the history of this claim of
Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio, 1 understand, makes a question of
order on the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that; but we cannot
determine on it without knowing something about
it. I should like to hear the Senator from Mis-
sissippi state what it is.
Mr. DAVIS. The committee, on inquiring
into the case, came to the conclusion that the
merits of the question had been decided before
any of us had entered the Congress of the United
States, and that the act having directed the amount
to be determined, it was no longer a question
which required us to inquire into the value of the
service, and the circumstances under which the
service was rendered; that the service had been
accepted by the Government, and itonly remained
to determine the amount and to appropriate the
money; theamounthavingbeendetermined while
Mr. Poinsett was Secretary of War and reported
to the Senate, and a bill passed to pay the money,
which failed in the House of Representatives, the
same question was presented to us again.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not quite understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it when
the question of order is disposed of.
Mr. PUGH. I made a question of order on this
amendment, as well as on that of the Senator from
Missouri, that they are both private claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The 30th rule of the Senate, which makes provis-
ion in regard to moving private claims as amend-
ments upon general appropriation bills, makes
this exception 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state his views.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have aright to be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rules de-
clare that the Chair shall decideaquestion of order
without debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not going to debate
it; I am going to ask the question whether the
Chair is about to decide on the Missouri amend-
ment, or on both ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided the Missouri amendment to be out of or-
der; and is now about to decide the question raised
by the Senator from Ohio upon the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, upon that I
wish to be heard
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair, then, is not
aware of the facts. The facts have not yet been
stated. I merely want to state the facts on the
question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rules re-
quire that the Chair shall decide a question of or-
der without debate. If it is decided improperly,
in the opinion of any Senator, he can appeal, and
the appeal is debatable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how the
Chair can decide the question without being in-
formed as to the facts. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi professes his inability to give them. If
the Chair can decide without knowing them, so
be it.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not know that the Senator
from Mississippi had been called upon to give any
fact on the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
stating that the exception in the 30th rule as to a
private chum is, f< unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing law or a treaty stip-
ulation." Upon the face of the amendment it is
stated that a joint resolution was passed by Con-
gress directing ail adjudication upon this case to
determine theamount due, which has been done;
and that having been dune, in the opinion of the
Chair the amendment is in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the act
read. Can the Senator from Mississippi give us
a reference to it ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is cited in the document I
hold m my hand. Let it be read iron) the desk.
Mr. HUNTER. I want to ascertain how far
the joint resolution of lS3ti makes the iSecretaiy
the judge—how far his decision binds us.
IVir. TOOMBS. I appeal irom the decision of
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether the decision of the Chair shall stand
as the judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 want the rule established,
and made uniform.
Mr. DAVIS. A question has been made hero
as to the joint resolution. I send it to the desk,
to be read.
