1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
cording to all former decisions, a private claim.
I have not been satisfied of the existence of such
a law. I have not investigated it. The law has
not been proved to me to exist, and unWs that if?
shown I shall vote against the decision of the
Chair, because, unices that be the ca.se, it seems
to me the amendment is out of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is entirely-
mistaken. I do not understand, however, what
he means. Does hp deny that the extract which
has been read, has been correctly read ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not deny that the extract
has been correctly read; but so far as I understand
it, I see nothing but a power given to the Secretary
of War to audit these claims. I do not see m the
law anything by which we are bound to pay the
claims. That is what I want to know. I say I
have not had a chance to examine this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The obligation to pay
arises under a general law, under which Virginia
lias been paid, and under winch other States have
been paid. That is the law of 1795, providing
for the payment of troops called into the service
of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. Why has not this been paid
before ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the reason that a
great many other claims have not been paid be-
fore, and for the reason which the Senator very
well knows, that every claim from Massachu-
setts, connected with the last war, has always been
resisted here, right or wrong. Now, what is the
fact? It stands under the general law—the law
of 1795, ptovidmg for the payment of troops
called into the service of the United States. Claims
have been paid over and over again under it.
There have been no special laws except thos^
paying interest on special claims in the case of
Maryland and Virginia; and 1 havo a memoran-
dum here of ease after case where, on the authoi ity
of that law alone, claims of this description have
been paid by provisions inserted in the general ap-
propriation bills, without e.ny dispute whatever.
There is the general law for the payment of these
claims. Then arises the question of ascertaining
the amount, and that has been done under a spe-
cial joint resolution.
Now, let me give the Senate a short history, to
show how it is that tins matter has rested so long.
A resolution was passed by the two Houses of
Congress in 1S2G, referring the claims to the War
Department, to be reported upon by the Auditor;
and, applying to the proofs offered the strict tech-
nical rules of the Department, the Auditor, Mr.
Hagner, found the sum of £.430,000 due. The
whole cl;um was ^840,000. The Secretary trans-
mitted this report; and Congress,m 1830, passed
an act making the appropriation called for by the |
report. Now, I wantto rail attention to the prin- j
ciples on which that act was passed. It pro- |
vided that allowances should be made to Massa- ;
chusetts by the accounting officers in only these |
three cases:
" whete the militia of the paid State wen1 called
out toiepel actual mva-.nn), or under a, well-founded ap-
piehension of mva.-ion : Provided, Their numberd were not
in undue piopomon to the exigency; ->eeond, where they
weie called outbj tiie authomj of the State, and aftei wards
recognized i>y the Federal Government; and, tlnully,
wheie they were called out by, and served under, the re-
quisition of the Pie&ident of use United Urates, oi of diiy
officor thereof."
Afterwards the joint resolution of May 14,1636,
was passed; which is the one here referred to. It
declares that— j
"The Secretary of War, m mepaimijlus report, pursuant \
to a resolve of the Hou-e of Xi<-:pie>entauves, agiced to on i
the 21th of Febutaiy, 1So2, b<>, and he heieby i*, author i
ized, without repaid to exi-tma pi oofs and requirement?, to j
leeeive such evidence a*, h on file, and anv tiuth°r proofs j
which may he ottered. rending to e-uhlish the validity of '
the claims of Massachusetts upon th'i United States, or any ,
part thereof, for sei vice-, di-buisements, and expenditures, j
duinig the late war with Cieat Bmam. And hi ail cases !
where Mich evidence shall, m hi^judgnient, psove the truth I
of the item1- of haul claim, oi any part fheieof, to act on the
same in like manner as if the ptoof counted of hueh '
vouchers and evidence as is requited by existing rules and I
leqwrements touching the allowance of such claims ; and ,
tnat, m the settlement of the claims of other States of the J
United States, for bemces, di>buisement,s, and expendi- i
Hires, dunngthelate war with Gieut Britain, the same kind j
of evidence, vou^heis, and proofs shall be leeeived js ]
herein piovuled for m lelation to the claims of Massachu-
setts the validity of which shall be in like manner determ-
ined and act^d upon by the Secretary of War."
Then Mr. Poinsett makes his report: j
Department of W\r. Veccmhpr ^3,1837. j
Sir: In compliance with a resolution of the House of;
Representative?, ofMarcb,lW5,1 have examined the claims I
of the State of Massachusetts for military seivices and ex-
penditures during the late war with Great Britain, and have
now the honor to icpott The oiiginal amount of tho-e
claims was, £>813,319 GO: winch, by a payment of .$11,000
m J£L7, and' one' of £419.748 20 u) 1831, was reduced to
.$41*2,G01 31, wlerh is Mill < iaim"d. Of <hi^ s um, it appears,
upon applvin;/ the ^arno principles which have governed
tins Depamnent m the settlement of sinnku claims made
by other Slates, there will be due ,<"272.716 14 ; of which
$ 15,539 GG, b>. mg for arin^ and accoutorments purchased by
the Stare, arm.-., &.c., to the value ot that amount, must be
charged to the State, and be withheld from this quota under
the aet of i308, fur ai mnig and equipping the militia ; and
all vvaihke stores r^manring in the State, wlncn aie paid
for by the General Government,mu^t be deliveied upto the
possession and u<e of the United State-."
Very lespectfullv, vour most obedient servant,
J. K. POINSETT.
Hon. James K. Polk,
Speaker of the Howe o f Reyretentatii es.
That was an audit under precisely the princi-
ples laid down in the acts making allowances;
first, where the militia of the State were called out
to repel actual invasion, or under a well-founded
apprehension of invasion, provided their numbers
were not in undue proportion to the exigency;
second, where they were called out by the author-
ity of the Slate, and afterwards recognized by the
Federal Government; and thirdly, where they
werevcalled out by, and served under, the requisi-
tion of the President, or some officer of the United
States. Tiiese were the three classes of cases for
which an allowance was made. The claim existed
under the law of 1795, fur services; and an audit
was had in 1337. At a subsequent period, on Mr.
Webster's motion, the Senate inserted an appro- .
priation for the payment of the amount in one of
the appropriation bills; and it went to the Hosue
of Representatives, where, for some reason or
other, it was rejected. He never thought lit to
move it afterwards,for what reason I do not know.
I suppose the reason was, that it was thought the
prejudice was so strong; that it was no use to call
for anything. Now, it comes up before us, and I
will state the history of it in this Congress. This
claim, thus audited, went to the Committee on
Military Affairs of the House of Representatives,
and it was there submitted to Mr McRae, a
member from Mississippi. He examined it, and
reported that the claim was such that no dispute
could exist in regaid to it; that it ought to have
been paid long ago; and that report was unani-
mously adopted by the Committee on Mihtary
A flairs of the House. It was called to the atten-
tion of the Committee on Military Affaiis of the
Senate by a resolution in this body. They have
examined it, and they have reported unanimously
that the money is due, and ought to be paid; and
they have reported this appropriation for the pay-
ment of the balance, which has been standing ever
since the war of 1812* without any interest, to be
paid to the State of Massachusetts^ Now, sir, if
any gentleman can, under these circumstances,
object to the payment, 1 should like to have luni
give some reasons for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, from the manner in
which the debate is going on, that there is some
misapprehension; that we are discussing the ques-
tion without exactly appreciating the condition of
the case. The Senator fiom Maine, in his re-
marks, referred to the, act of 1795. This claim
is entirely special: it arises under the act of 1830.
Under the act of 1795 the case was presented, and
it v/as not allowed. Then the act of 1830 was
passed; and then the resolution of 1832; and then
the resolution under which this amendment s of-
fered. The question is asked here, what is the
law? and I shall send these laws and resolutions
to the desk, and ask that they be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
An act toauthonze the payment of the claim of the State
of Massachusetts, for certain services of her militia dur-
ing the late wai:
"ife it enacted, $•<;.. That the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, under the supenntendtnce of the Secretary
o( War, be, and they are heieby, authorized and directed
to audit and settle the claims of the Sure of Massachu-
setts against The United Stale*, for the services of hor mili-
tia duimg the late war in the following eases i First, where
the militia of the eaid'State weie called out to repel actual
invasion, or under a well-founded apprehension of inva-
sion : Proaded. Then numheis were not m undue proportion
to the ex'igpncj. Second, where thev were called (Hit hv the
authority of the State, and afterwards recognized by the
Federal Government. And. thirdly, where they were called
out by, and seived under, the requisition of the President
of the United States, oi of any officer thereof.
"Sec. 2. And be ii farther cuarted, That the sum of
$430,7 18 26, if so much in- necessary, be applied to the fore
going puipose*, out of any moneys m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
"Approved May 31,
"Rssohed, That the Secretary of War be, and he i*
herebj, instructed to examine the chum of the State of Maa-
sachusou* for disbursements for military purposes dunng
the late wai with Gieat Britain, accoiduig to the rules and
c scuotth hi an act of Congress approved May 31,1830;
and. if any further sum be found due the claimant by such
examination, to report the same to the House."
Passed by the House of Representatives, Feb-
ruary 24,1839.
A resolution to authorize the Secretary to receive addi-
tional evidence in support of the claims of Massachusetts,
and other States of the United States, for services, dis-
bursements, &c., during the late war.
" Resolved, That the Secretary of War, in preparing
hl<5 report, pinsaant to a resolve of theHou^e ot Represent-
atives, agreed to on the 24th of February, 1832, be, and lie
hereby i4,authorized, wnhout regard to existing proof}!and
requnements, to recotve such evidence as n on file, and any
furriit-r pi oofs which may be offered, tending to establish the
validity of the chum*, of Massachusetts upon the United
Suiteo, or any part thereof, for services, disbursements, and
evpendituies, during the late war with Great Rutam. And
mail cases where such evidence shall, m his judgment,
piove the truth of the items of said claim, or any patt there-
of, to act on the same, in like manner as if ihe proof con-
sisted of such vouchers and evidence as is requited by ex-
iting rules and requirements touching the allowance of
>ueli claims; and that, m the settlement of the claims of
other tftate«. of the United States, for services, disburse-
ments, and expenditures, during the late war wuh Great
Britain, the fame kind of evidence, voucher?, and proof,
shah be r'-cuved, as is herein provided form relauon to the
rla.tn-. of M,i«?aohu<ett3, the validity of which shall be in
like manner determined and acted upon by the Secretary
ot Wai.
" Approved May 14, 1836."
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a remark to make in
reference to the point of order. When this ques-
tion arose the other day, I did not argue it, be-
cause 1 argued it very thoroughly about a year
«2;o, when the point was made by my friend from
Virginia, and the Senate was then very closely
divided upon it. I think there was only a differ-
ence of one or two votes. We relied on the fact
I that Congress had passed a law ordering three
! commissioners to go on the ground to take testi-
mony, and it-port what each individual ought to
b" .xflowed, laying down the principles o-f the set-
th-nifur precisely as in this case. It was sup-
jtM.-.'d that the cases were within the equity of tho
but we could not get them underthat
act fui technical reasons. So, in this case, the
Senator says this claim is under the act of 1795,
hut they could not get it under that act, and they
had another act passed in 1830. There were legal
. obstacles m the way of getting it under the first
; act. Then Congress passed a resolution, tellinff
the Department to ascertain, on new rules laiu.
' down by Congress, what was due, and report the
1 amount. " That has been done, and I think Con-
! gress has committed itself to the payment; but
there is not one particle of fact involved in this
1 ease which does not apply to the other case to
■ winch T have alluded. Here are three laws: the
act of 1795, of 1630, and 1834; and none of them
i have been sufficient to procure payment; and,
therefore, this additional legislation is asked. In
1 the other case, we had three commissioners, who
reported the amount which was due to the indi-
: viduals; and 1 say, when the facts are ascertained,
■ the evil which the rule intended to provide against
| is fully met. The object was to provide against
1 uncertainty; but when a claim has been ascer-
tained and" audited by commissioners appointed
by the President, in pursuance of an act of Con-
! gross, the reasons of the rule are fully answered.
' 1 did not argue the question the other day, because
j the present occupant of the chair put it on the
! ground that the same point had before been de-
r cided. Knowing that. 1 did not pretend to argue,
; of course, on the further observations which he
■ made.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
| is, " Shall the decision of the Chair staea as the
1 judgment of the Senate ?"
The question being put, the decision of the
I Chair was sustained.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment reported by the Sen-
i ator from Mississippi, from the Committee on
i Military Affairs, to insert, as an additional sec-
, tion:
; J3n(] he it further enacted^ That, for the puipose of exe-
i cuting a resolution, appioved May 14, lt<36, entitled "A
resolution to authorize the Secretary of War to receive ad-
i diuonal evidence m support of the claims of Massachusetts
j and other States of the United States tin sei vices, diaburs8-
  ments, &.c., during the late war,*' the Secretary of the
j Treasury be', and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
f pay to Massachusetts, out of any moneys in th^ Treasury
{ not othei wise appropriated, the PUinof$227,r7648} reported
