1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
is more fully committed in favor of voting for a
.railway to the Pacific ocean, between the thirty-
eighth and forty-second parallels, than myself. I
venture to say here, that unless it be the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Dooglas,) who has addressed
us and addressedeverybody,thatI have spoken in
favor of the Pacific railroad to moremen in Amer-
ica than any one in the Senate. I go further: if
I gave a vote against a good, practical plan, apian
which capitalists, experienced naen, rail way con-
tractors, railway builders and engineers, assent-
ed to as a good bill to build a road, that could
do it, I should not only be false to my own dec-
larations, but false to the people I represent; for
the sentiment of Massachusetts approaches una-
nimity in favor of a central railway to San Fran-
cisco across the continent.
The Senator from Iowa seemed to speak as
though his part of the Union had a deep interest
in this question. I beg the Senator's pardon; but
I tell him my State has ten dollars to his one, and \
the sentiment is as unanimous in my State to-day
as m his. The Senator arraigned me. and ar-
raigned us of New England; I do not know by
what right. I cannot speak for others; but I know
there has been no arrangement and no consulta-
tion among the New England Senators here to
defeat this bill, or to govern this matter ill any
way whatever. The Senator says he and his
friends have voted to protect the commerce of the
sea; they have voted for the Navy. Sir, the Navy
is for the whole country; equally for the men on
the Atlantic, the Pacific, the great lakes, and in
every portion of the Union. A vote for the Navy
is no vote for Massachusetts, any more than for
Iowa. The Senator knows, and he has had prac-
tical proof of it here, that 1 have given my votes
to give a splendid—yes, sir, I may use the word
I think fitly—a splendid gift of land to the State
of Iowa, and to the other northwestern States. I
regret to say here to-day that a vote given with
all honesty to develop and improve the country,
to carry population there, to add to the wealth ot
the Northwest, to make it a portion of this country |
that would raise products, that would come to us '
and buy our products,ami thusimprove their in-
terest and our interest, has not so turned out. I
regret that the great gift of tins Government in
too many instances there has beeh seized upon —
I do not speak of Iowa particularly; I mean that
a great deal of the lands granted to the Northwest
have been seized upon by dishonest men, who
have brought dishonor on their section of the
country. The Senator knows that at all times,
and on all occasions, I have voted in favor of
western interests. He will acknowledge this.
Now, in regard to this bill, I say that I do not
believe this biil can build the road; I know itcan-
not build the road. I will stake my existence
that, if you will summon to this capital one hun-
dred of the great railway builders ot the country,
the capitalists of the country—summon them be-
fore a committee, and take their opinions, they
will tell you that you can never build the road
under this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator give way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. WILSON. I shall be through m one mo-
ment. I say, sir, that opposition to this bill is no
opposition to building a Pacific railroad. It is
simply an opposition to this measure that cannot
do it; which, I think, may be entitled ail act, not
to build a road, but to get land. I will vote land
on the northern route, the southern route, the cen-
tral route, if they want that; and a large amount
of it, too. 1 will vote for a bill that shall give land
up, say,to the one hundred and sixth meridian on j
the central route, and then forty or fifty thousand
dollars to the mile oil the Rocky Mountain region
to carry it through there; but I do not like this
giving of S12,5UU in money, this giving of thirteen
thousand acies of land per mile at the enus of this
road, where you can set five or six hundred miles ;
of p-lonous country, and then throw on the Gov- j
ernment a railroad utterly worthless. I cannot j
vote for such a bill; and 1 do not intend to uo it,
or to be dragooned into it. Bniig me a pracacul ,
plan, and I will vote for it with all my heart; and, ,
in doing it, I act. according to the convictions oi i
rrw judgment, the warmest feelings of my bcait,
and what I know to be the sentiment and opinion
of the people I rcjucsent. Let me say, sir, that
since I offtrcd a bill here providing that the brov-
ernmeiit should suivey and locate this road, and
borrow the money to build it, I have received from
New York and Massachusetts letters from some
of the ablest and most experienced railway men in
the country, saying that it was the practical plan
to construct a road. I am not devoted to that plan.
I will vote for any other. I cannot vpte, however,
to sacrifice millions of acres of the public domain,
with no security that we are to have a railroad to
the Pacific ocean.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish barely to remark that
I supposed the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself understood each other prior to my taking
my seat before, when 1 stated that I had misap-
prehended the whole tenor of his remarks. The
mam body of his explanation, I suppose to be
just this, that I labored under a misapprehension
in legard to the tenor of his speech. I have, how-
ever,seen itstated and published over the North-
west, m the public prints, that there, was an
understanding that the friends of the road were
to be defeated at tins session. Ileing a represent-
ative of that part of the country, who feeis deeply
inteiested in the success of this work, I deemed
it proper to allude to that matter, and show that
we have the power to pass this or some other
bill. There is power in the localities which I have
mentioned, the Northwest, New England, New
York, Pennsylvania, and California, to pass a
railroad bill on a practical route. That is all 1
wish to say at this time.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate then
adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
v Tuesday, January 1J, 18j9,
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William Pincknly, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
COMMITTEE OF INVESTIGATION.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Taylor of
New York, Niblack, Coyode, Gartrell, and
.Harris, the select committee, undei the resolu-
tion of the House of the 23d ultimo, in relation to
the accounts of the late Superintendent of Public
Printing.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following executive com-
munications; which were sevt-mliy laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed: <*,
A communication from the PostmasterGeneral,
contamg a report of all fines imposed, and deduc-
tions made, from the pay of contractors during
the preceding year, for failures to deiiverthemail,
or for any other cause, statmg the name of the
delinquent contractors; the natuie of the delin-
quency; the route on which itoceuued; the time
when the fine was imposed, and whether the fine
has been remitted, or order of deduct ion rescinded,
and for what reason; in accordance with an act
of Congress approved July 2, Jft3G;
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury in
regard to reopening settlements in favorof States
and cities, required by act of June 12, 1858; and
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, containing a report on international
coinage with Great Britain.
The SPEAKER also laid befoie the House a
communication from the Secreuny ot State, in-
closing two letters addiessed to the chairmen of
the Committees of Ways and Means and Terri-
tories, relative to expenses mcuired for contin-
gencies in the Territory of Kansas. I he com-
munication was laid upon the table, and oidered
to be printed; and the letters were respectively
referred to the Committees of Ways and Means
and Territories.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieed to:
2lr«oW, Thar the Cleik be directed to communicate to
this House the number of cleiks that aie employed at the
indent s-e^'sion by the several committees ot tne House,
ami th^ir name*, and by what authority they are employed,
ami whether their duues arc performed by deputy oi xn
; person.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, the
Committee of Ways and Means was discharged
i from the further consideration of the coromunica-
tion of the Secretary of State, asking authority to
pay A. Dudley Mann, for services as confidential
agent of that Department; and the edme was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am directed by tfee
Committee of Ways and Means to ask that a
certain document, with reference to the Florida
volunteers, be ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted to the committee.
It was so ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. As I gave notice
the other day, I Wish now to insist on the regular
order of business; the call of the committees for
reports, in ordjer that the Oregon bill may be
reached. I would inquire of the Chair what com-
mittee was last called ? My recollection is that it
was the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ADMISSION OF NEWOTATES.
Mr. HILL. With the permission of my col-
league, I ask leave to offer the following preamble
and resolution.
Wiierpas by the act of Congress " for the admission of
Kansas into the Union," approved May 4, 1858, it was de-
clared and enacted that, u should a majority of the votes
oast be for 'proposition rejected,'it shall be deemed and
held that the people of Kansas d^not desire admission into
the Union, with said constitution, under the conditions set
forth in said proposition, (refeinng to the conditions con-
tained in said act;) and, in that event, the people of said
Territory are hereby authorized and empowered to form
for themselves a constitution and State government, by the
name of the State of Kansas, according to the Federal Con-
stitution, and may elect delegates for that purpose when-
ever, and not botore, it is ascertained, by a census duly and
legally taken, that the population of said Territory equals
or exceed1' the ratio of lepresehtation required for a mem-
her of the House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States; and whenever, thereafter, such delegates
shall assemble in convention, they shall determine by
a vote whether it is the wish'of the people of the proposed
State to be admitted into the Union at that time; and, lfso,
bhall proceed to form a constitution, and take all necessary
steps for the establishment of a State government, in con-
foimiiy with the Federal Constitution, subject to such lim-
itations and restrictions as to the mode and manner of its
approval or laulicatiori by the people of the proposed State
as they may have prescribed by law, and shall be entitled
to admission into the Union as a State, under such consti-
tution, thus fairly and legally made, with or without slavery,
as said constitution may prescribethereby, for the first
time in the histoiy of the Government, fixing by law the
principle of equality in representation betwixt the States
and Territories applying for admission into the Union—a
principle so just and equitable, when standing apart from all
conditions and considerations of mere expediency, as to be
worthy to stand as the settled policy of the Government m
the admi«sion of new States :
Be it therefore resolved by tkc. House of Representatives
of the United States, That no new State ought to be admit-
ted into the Union until it be first ascertained, by a census
duly arid legally taken, that the population of the Territory
applying ior admission equals or exceeds the ratio of rep-
reseniation required lor a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
SETTLERS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Georgia, I ask leave to introduce
for the purpose of reference only, a bill for the re-
lief of settlers on certain public lands in the State
of Illinois.
Mr. HUGHES. I object; and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I objected just now to
the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Hill,] under a misapprehension. I with-
draw the objection.
Mr. KELSEY. I renew it.
CASE OF WILLIAM WALKER.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order wos the report ftf the Committee on For-
eign Affairs on the case of William Walker.
=Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to move to re7
for the report to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing-
Mr. HUGHES. I demand the previous ques-
1 Mr. MAYNARD. What will be the effect of
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House first
to a vote on the motion to refer.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the report upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to hear what
the report is?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
