TEE': CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 26,
had never been commenced. The fortifications
are the only public works in which I feel inter-
ested, and the modification having been-made, I
have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. With the modification which the
Seaator from Virginia has made, to his amend-
ment, I shall soy very little in regard to it; but I
desire to inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs if he is not going to make
some provision for fortifications in this bill? It
is well known that the appropriation for forti-
fications last year was reduced to a very low
amount; and now I understand that, if a fortifi-
cation bill comes from the other House at all this
session, it will be simply to appropriate a few
thousand dollars for each fortification in the Uni-
ted States, to preserve what has already been done
en them.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
California that, if such a bill comes here, it can be
amended; and we had better not delay the Army
bill.
Mr. GWIN. When the Senator hears me
through, he will find what I am coming at. If
that is the temper of the House, the effect of our
adding anything to their fortification bill will be
to defeat it. I want a fortification bill passed. It
is more important to the Pacific coast to have
fortifications than almost anything else. Last
year we put the provision for them on the Army
appropriation bill; and what little we did get, we
got in that way. If this bill leaves the Senate
now, without a provision for fortifications, we
shall get none for the next fiscal year. I make
that prediction.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that we had better
take a vote on tins amendment, and then let the
Senator make his remarks 011 the other question.
Mr. GWIN. Very wt.il.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken on this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one other thing
of some importance to my constituents, in con-
nection with this amendment. I svish to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether the appropriation for furnishing the ar-
senal at Augusta, Maine, was not in the Army
appropriation bill last year?
Mr. DAVIS. It must have been.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment might
cut that off, and cause great inconvenience. The
appropriation was only $2,001).
Mr. HUNTER. But, if we included that, we
should have to include the large appropriations
for other arsenals, which I want to cut off. Will
the Senator, for the sake of that #9,000, breakup
an amendment of this sort, which is calculated to
limit expenditure?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The appropriation, to
which I allude, was made last year; and my im-
Fression is, that it has not yet been expended.
t was very desirable to carry the gas-pipes across
the river—the arsenal is on one side, and the gas
company's pipes on the other—for the supply,
not only of the arsenal, but of the several State
institutions there; and that $2,000 was appropri-
ated, with the view of paying the proportion
which the arsenal ought to pay of that expend-
iture. This amendment might operate so as to
prevent the whole undertaking.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot except a particular
arsenal. I am willing that they shall all stand on
the same footing; but I really cannot agree to
the exception of the arsenal of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I am opposed to
the whole amendment, and ask for a division
upon it.
The amendment was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 19, noes 15.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have an amendment
which I will offer at the suggestion of a friend in
the other House, who tells me that this amend-
ment was agreed upon in the committee there;
but for the want of an opportunity to offer it in
that House, he desires mc to offer it here. It ha3
this great recommendation; it does not take a
cent out of the Treasury; but, on the other hand,
I can inform the chairman of the Committee on
Finance that it is to bring money into the Treas-
ury. The amendment is to insert as a new sec-
tion:
Jtnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he ia hereby, authorized and directed to sell on the
first Tuesday in September next, at public outcry, on the
premises, to the highest bidder for cash in hand, all the
property at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, known as the Western
Military Asylum property, and convoy the same to the pur-
chaser : Provided, The same shall not sell tor less than
■$30,000, and pay the proceeds of such sale into the public
Treasury of the United States ; and all laws and parts of
laws now in force prohibiting the sate of said property be,
and the same are hereby, repealed".
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to state to the
Senate, in a sentence, that which will attract their
attention to the peculiarity of the case. The Con-
gress of the United States appropriated §10,000
for the purpose of a western military asylum.
This was deeme'd by the board an instruction
from Congress to purchase a site for a western
branch of the military asylum, and they pur-
chased the property at Harrodsburg for $100,000,
if my memory serves me, being "$90,000 taken
out of the old soldiers'fund. After occupying it
for some time, it was found that for some reason
very few of the old soldiers would stay there, and
finally it was broken up. Attempts were made
to sell it, but the price which could be obtained
was so far short of that which had been paid for
it, that in each instance the Department refused
to sell. I think Congress did wrong in the first
instance in legislating the asylum fund into a pur-
chase. Now the question is, will Congress com-
mit another wrong by legislating the asylum fund
out of the property, for an order to sell it at pub-
lic outcry to the highest bidder may be taken, I
suppose, as the sacrifice of the property. If the
property is to be so sacrificed, then should not
Congress pay to the old soldiers'fund the money
which is thus lost to it? If Congress chooses to
take the responsibility of making the old soldiers'
fund whole, I think they have a right to legislate
in this way, but not otherwise.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. My honorable friend
from Mississippi is right in saying that the
property cost $100,000; and it has proved utterly
unavailing for the purposes for which it was pur-
chased; but, moieover, some years ago, the prin-
cipal buildings there, valued at $40,000, were
burned down by some accident. Deducting this,
it would leave $60,000 as the value of the prop-
erty as it now stands. It has been offered, I am
told, for $27,000, and the price could not be ob-
tained. This amendment provides that it shall
be sold at public auction, provided it shall sell
for $30,000, to be paid in hand. The property is
in a state of dilapidation.
The amendment was rejected, there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 24.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer an amend-
ment:
For defraying the expense of ransom, recovery, and res-
ummon to their homes, of the children surviving the mas-
sacre by the Indians of the emigrant train fiom Arkmifeas,
in the fall of 1807, $10,000.
The object of this appropriation is stated very
concisely in the terms of the amendment which 1
have offered. The Indian appropriation bills for
some years past have contained a nominal appro-
priation for the rcscue and ransom of captives
who have been taken in different Indian wars,
and the forays and incursions which they have
made on the white settlements. In the case em-
braced in the amendment the expenses are so
large in proportion to the fund voted, that the
Indian Office recommend an extra appropriation.
The contingent fund is entirely too small; and
they have estimated this amount. It comes
within the purview and policy of existing laws
which provide for the ransom and recovery of
captives taken by the Indians in theic-wars. In
1857, a large body of emigrants from Arkansas
to California, were encountered either by the In-
dians, or the Mormons instigating the Indians,
and entirely massacred,the children alone being
saved. My attention was called to this fact some
twelve months since; and on instituting inquiries,
and the Department having ascertained the where-
abouts of these children, they were found to be
amongst the Indians in the Territory of Utah;
and through the exertions of the superintendent
there they have been ransomed from the Indians,
and are now in his possession. The object of
this amend mentis simply to provide the necessary
expense for paying their ransom and recovery
from the Indians, and their restoration to their
relatives in Arkansas. It is merely to fulfill a
subsisting law for which the existing law is in-
adequate.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. I can assure the Senator from
Arkansas, that if there is a request from our Goy-
ernment to deliver up the children, the Mormons
will deliver them up without any expenditure.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Mormons .have not
got>them; they are now in the hands of the super-
intendent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There are sev-
enteen of these children who are all that now re-
main of a very large party which left the State
of Arkansas two years since. The fathers and
mothers of all these children are dead, having
been destroyed in that general massacre. Tha
children were taken possession of by the Indians,
and they have been ransomed and delivered up,
and are now in the possession of the officers of
the Government of the United States. Those offi-
cers are paying their board and taking care of
them. They are of various ages, from infancy up,
but the eldest is still in childhood. They are now
in the wilds of the West with such protection as
can be rendered under the circumstances. There
can be no question as to the propriety of our fur-
nishing the means to bring them home and deliver
them to their friends.
Here are seventeen helpless children, whose
fathers and mothers have been massacred in pass-
ing from one part of our territory to another.
We have legislated for Africans, who in their own
wars have been captured and sold and brought
here; we have voted money to take them back and
educate them. I do not think the amendment goes
farenough. I think these white children who have
been torn from their natural protectors on account
of the inefficiency of our Government to protect
its citizens within its own limits, should be pro-
tected and cared for, at least as well as you would
provide for Africans. What objection is there to
pursuing in this case the usual policy? It has
been customary to ransom children taken by the
Indians, and restore them to their friends. These
children have been recovered from the Indians and
they are now in the hands of our officers. Shall
we leave them to linger and languish and die,
merely because our officers have not the means
to carry them to those who will take care of them?
1 should be glad to hear any Senator give a
good reason wh y we should not at once make that
appropriation, which is recommended by the In-
terior Department. I have held conversations
with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs himself,
in which he has stated the necessity forgranting
this appropriation. Surely it cannot be expected
that the Government will abandon them to their
fate. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to this
appropriation, if it is to be expended for the bene-
fit of the children.
Mr. JOHNiON, of Arkansas. That is all.
Mr. BRODERICK. But I have been informed,
within a day or two, that it was for the purpose
of employing an agent to go after the children. If
the appropriation is for that purpose, I am op-
posed to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Whoever is the
author of the assertion that that Department asks
an appropriation of $10,000, for the purpose of
sending an agent there, asserts what is not. true
at all. That the assertion of an ordinary slander
outside of our Halls, to a gentleman here, should
result in the abandonment of seventeen children
of this country, whose parents have been stricken
from their sides, and who have been left solitary
and alone, in a perfectly desert country; that such
a petty reproach, which comes, perhaps, from
some disappointed seeker after office, shall result
in that way, is not worthy of the Senate; it is not
worthy of being entertained. I trust that the
children, little and helpless things, whom our re-
cords prove have been taken and recovered after
so much disaster, will be protected at the hands
of a Senate of old men.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Ark-
ansas need not exhibit so much feeling in regard
to this matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. These people
have been writing to me for along time, and it is
only recently that they have been recovered.
Shall seventeen little children be left in this con-
dition? I know there has been some contest as
to who shall go after them. All 1 ask is that a
merciful, humane man may be sent, and I do not
care who he is. It is a matter of no consequence
