1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
Washburn, ElUhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wil-
son, and Wortendykc—92.
So the resolutions, as amended, were laid on
the table.
Pending the call,
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia, stated that he was
not in the Hall when his name was called, but
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHN" COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the last vote taken, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE withdrew the mo-
tion.
Mr. HICKMAN renewed it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would inquire if the gentle-
man voted with the majority ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is recorded
as voting in the negative.
* Mr. BARKSDALE. Then the gentleman can-
not make the motion.
NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. CLARIv, of New York,by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Naval Affairs inquire,
and lopott to this House, which of the navy yards of the
United States can be dispensed with withoutprejudice to
the public service, and if any, that they report as to the best
means of disposing thereof.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order is
the consideration of a bill (II. R. No. 712) making
appropriations for the naval service, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860. The pending ques-
tion is the motion submitted by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] moved that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The question is first on
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri, to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and print.
Mr. SHERMAN^, of Ohio. Upon that ques-
tion 1 would like the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Having reported
this bill, under the direction of the Committee of
Ways <ind Means, which matured it in accord-
ance with their views of the public service, and a
motion having been submitted by the gentleman
from Ohio, to commit this bill to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, it becomes my duty, as repre-
senting the Committee of Ways and Means, to
give some reasons why the motion submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio ought not to prevail.
First, it is a departure from the usual, and from
a long-established practice of this House. Com-
mencing from the foundation of the Government,
you will find that there has always been one com-
mittee whose duty it was to provide the means
for carrying on the business of the Government;
and also a committee to whom wascommitted the
province of recommending to the House such
sums of money as may be thought proper to be
appropriated. In the first Congress which assem-
bled under the Constitution, the estimates them-
selves were first referred to the Committee of the
Whole House. And there, in the first instance, an
attempt was made to prepare the estimates of such
sums of money us weie deemed proper for the
purpose of carrying on the Government. Shortly
thereafter, however, a change was made, and it
was made prior to the time indicated in the Man-
ual. The Committee of Ways and Means was
established about the year 1795, and sometimes
consisted of one member from each State of the ,
Union, and sometimes of even more than that,
and in one instance of twenty-one members, to
which committee was referred the estimates of the
Treasury Department; and that committee, from ;
time to time, reported bills embracing such appro-
pnations as they believed were neccasary for car-,
rying on the several departments of the Govern- |
ment. 1
Mr. Speaker, this proposition looks to an inno- ^
vation upon the established practice of the House. I
The question may arise, what good could result ■
from it? I do not consider this proposition as ■
applicable merely to the bill now under consid-
eration; but I consider it as applicable to every ,
appropriation bill which may be introduced into j
this House. You have a Committee on Pensions;
you have a Committee on Indian Affairs; you
have a Committee on Military Affairs; you have
a Committee on Naval Affairs; you have a Com-
mittee on Commerce; and on the Judiciary; and
there are expenditures arising under those heads
which might be referred to these several commit-
tees I have enumerated. *If you are now to inau-
gurate the practice of referring to the Committee
on Naval Affairs the naval appropriation bill, by
a parity of reasoning it becomes necessary and
proper to refer to tho Committee on Pensions the
pension appropriation bill. By the same rea-
soning it becomes necessary that the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army, that
the bill making appropriations* for the Military
Academy, and the bill making appropriations for
the erection or repair of fortifications, should be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By a parity of reasoning, it will also become
the duty of this House to refer to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads estimates for
the mail service for the ensuing year. And you
may further distribute these estimates. There
are items which particularly relate to the com-
mercial interests of the country. There are, for
instance, the estimates for the coast survey, pro-
visions for the maintenance of light-houses, and
the light-house establishmentgenerally. By parity
of reasoning, these should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce for its examination and re-
port. So, also, in reference to the appropriation
for the salaries of your United States judges,
marshals, district attorneys, and the expenses
generally of your judicial system. Those esti-
mates ought, according to the gentleman's rea-
soning, be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary for investigation and report. I submit to the
members of this House whether it is in the expe-
rience of any of them that any disposition has ever
been found upon the part of a committee, which
has any particular branch of tho public service, to
reduce the estimates of the Executive Depart-
ments; but whether, on the contrary, the disposi-
tion has not been to restore them when they have
been reduced by the Committee of Ways and
Means, t>r to enlarge them? Such has been my
experience, and I account for it in this way; the
members who give their particular care to any
branch of the public service have wugcestions
made to them for the improvement, for the ex-
tension, and for the increase of that service; and
not charged with looking to the general expendi-
tures of the Government; not having themselves
to foot up the bill; not having themselves to ex-
amine into the state of the Treasury to see whether
it is prepared and able to meet the expenses which
it may be proposed to fasten upon the Treasury
Department; you find that, instead of reducing,
they recommend an increase upon the estimates.
Such has been my experience since I have been
a member of this body; and since I have had the
honor of serving on the Committee of Ways and
Means, I know of repeated instances, when that
committee have recommended reductions upon
the estimates as submitted to Congress, that those
having chaigeof the particular branch referred to
have endeavored to restoie those estimates.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask, when you have es-
tablished a financial committee,what is its duty?
Its duty consists, not simply in recommending to
this House the sums of money which shall be
appropriated for the public service; but also in
inquiring into the economy of expenditures, and
whether appropriations have been disbursed in
accordance with law. That committee is charged
.with providing the means of carrying on the Gov-
ernment. Under the plan of the gentleman from
Ohio it is now proposed to do—-what? To distrib-
ute the estimates of the Executive Departments
amongst the several committees of this House.
In that way you will multiply the appropriation
bills instead of keeping them at the same number
they are now, or diminishing that number. It is
contemplated (let me take another point of view)
to make the Committee on Naval Affairs and the
other committees of this House revising com-
mittees, whose duty it would be to revise the rec-
ommendations submitted by the Committee of ;
Ways and Means. 1 submit, if it be necessary i
to have two committees ^investigate the subject- 1
matter of appiopnations, whether the piupur
course would not be to charge the various .com-
mittees with the examination of the estimates for
their particular branch,-and then to have them
submit their conclusions to the -Committee of
Ways and Means? Let your financi-al committee
have the benefit of the advice and the instruction
which the other committees of the House may
give; but leave it with that committee to decide
what amount of expenditures they will recom-
mend to the Congress of the United States. I
therefore say, in this point of view, if it be the
desire to have these estimates revised by two com-
mittees, that the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] commences in the wrong
place. If such be his object, as I have stated, the
estimates ought to have been distributed amongst
the various committees of the House before they
had gone to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and been there examined.
Mr, MONTGOMERY. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a few questions.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ascertain
from the Committee of Ways and Means whether
they have made any arrangement for the increase
of the revenues of the Government? We are from
day to day asked by the Committee of Ways and
Means to make appropriations for defraying our
governmental expenditures. At the beginning of
the last Congress we received a message from the
President of the United States, requesting us to
grant a loan of $20,000,000. We aroinformed by
the Secretary of the Treasury that the present
deficiency of the Treasury is $8,000,000. These
deficiencies creating new loans have created, too,
a large national debt. And, sir, while we are
asked from day to day to appropriate thousands
and hundreds of thousands and millions of dol-
lars for the expenses of this Government, I would
like to know whether the revenues of the Govern-
ment are to be increased, and how?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to the harangue
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, because it
is not pertinent to the question before us. x
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 will show that the
question is pertinent and important.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman's remarks are not pertinent.
Mr. MONTGOMERY". They go to the neces-
sity of a delay of these appropriations. If there
has been no arrangement for increasing the tariff of
the levenues of this Government, of course then,
as a member from Pennsylvania, I am opposed to
any further increase of the national debt, and will
vote to refer the bill to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I desire to know from the gentleman
whether there has been any arrangement made for
any increase of the tariff?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
not be competent for the gentleman from Missouri
to answer the question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like to
hear from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether, if this resolution be
passed, it will be competent for the Committee
on Naval Affairs toincrease these appropriations?
I say unqualifiedly that I vote for the reference in
order that they may be reduced.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Such is the pur-
pose of the reference.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will answer the
question of the gentleman from New York, be-
cause it is pertinent. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, if this bill be referred to them, will have
it in their power to recommend an increase of
appropriations authorized by existing laws.-
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Or a diminution
of them?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to answer the question
of the gentleman from New York. Any recom-
mendation that might be made by the Committee
on Naval Affairs would come before the House
i n the form of amendments to the bill. We can-
not incorporate anything into the body of the
naval appropriation bill. We can only bring our
propositions before the House; and there would
be a separate vote on everything that we should
recommend, as-separate and independent propo-
sitions.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs whether,
if this resolution be passed, they contemplate in-
cieasing the appropriations in this bill?
Mr. BOCOCK. Our only purpose—as I in-
tended to state after the gentleman from Missouri
