1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
or, if they please, instead of five mounted regi-
ments, tlicy can say we will have but four; and
that, instead of ten regiments of infantry, we will
have but eight; and instead of four regiments of
artillery, we will have but three; and then leave
the President, by any mode you choose to point
out, to determine what officers and what compa-
nies shall be dropped. The officers thus dropped
from the service go out of it to the reduction of
the Army. The number of men to be discharged,
I suppose, would be very small, and would only
fill up the balance of the companies kept, if you
raised those to the war establishment; whereas,
the plan proposed by the Senator would strike
off four regiments, turn out the officers indiscrim-
inately, the good and the bad, discharge the men,
and keep up your recruiting depots to raise the
same number, that you might, put them into regi-
ments that you retain. It is not a practical mode
of reaching the object, if, indeed, it is one which
it is proper to apply. I am noi now arguing so
much the question of whether it is proper to do
it or not, as the propriety of the mode you sug-
gested. I would not myself vote for that reduc-
tion. I do not believe the condition of the country
warrants it.
In answer to the Senator as to not calling out
these volunteer regiments, I have only to say
that I believe, in the Utah expedition, they em-
ployed, of citizens, about an equivalent of the
regiment it was proposed to give them to go there;
and that the Executive, in my opinion, acted very
wisely in not calling out a regiment of undis-
ciplined men to send upon such an expedition as
that, where it was believed there was great prob-
ability of collision between the territorial author
ities and those of the United States, and that it
required the best disciplined troops to effect the
object had in view without blood being shed. I
think I said then—if 1 did not, 1 thought it, and
will say it now—if they wanted to kill the Mor-
mon% it was better to keep the regulars at home,
and send the militia out. If they wanted to re-
duce them to subjection without shedding blood,
to quell the rebellion without using force, then the
best disciplined troops they could send were the
only ones which the Government ought to em-
ploy. The other regiment, the Senator will rec-
ollect, was given for the immediate protection of
the frontier of Texas. It was not called out,
as I understand, for the reason that they found
the operations in Utah would not require the sec-
ond cavalry to be withdrawn from Texas; and
that, if the second cavalry was left m Texas, they
did not require the mounted regiment to be called
out.
In conclusion, I have only to say to the Senator
that, by the time we pay for the volunteers who
have been called out; by the time we foot the bilk
which have run up, and aie lunning up monthly
on account of the want of sufficient regular force
upon the different points of the frontier, he will
find that his consideration of economy has not
been answered by not giving larger regular force,
and relieving the Government from the necessity
of calling out volunteers to the seivice. Here is
my friend, Greneral Lane, with whom it was my
good fortune to serve during the war with Mex-
ico, and who lias since been employed in the pro-
tection of the fiontier of his own State, and who,
I suppose, has just ground to complain of the long
delay of the payment of the volunteer militia of
his own State—a claim here now, which 1 believe
amounts to $6,000,OUO, and a part, if not the
whole of which has been due for about two years,
as well as ] recollect.
Mr. LANE. Three or four years.
Mr. DAVIS. Three or four years, the Sena-
tor answers mc; and winch sum is to be expended
by the Government because of the jealous fear
entertained of having as many legular troops
upon the frontier as will prevent the commence-
ment of the Indian outbreaks.
" The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Broderiek. Ciaik, Clay, DoohtUp, Diir-
kee, Hale, Hamlin, llaiian, Johnson ui Teuuu&sue, Jones,
Pugh, ami Toombs—1.2
NAYS—Ilavard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
Ohesnut, (jnttemlen, "Davis, 1'itcii, Fitzpatrick, Foster,
Gwm, Huntei, Iveison, Johns-oil ol Arkansas. Kennedy,
Lane, Mallory, Polk, Kcid, Rice, Shield-,, Shdell, Sirulti,
Small, Ward, Wilson, W'nght, and Yulee— i9.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment; |
For the removal of the Court Oreille band of the Chip-
pewa Indians on the Red Cedar and Menomonee rivers, m
Wisconsin, and providing a permanent home for thein
among the Cliippewas of Lake Superior, or the Upper Mis-
sissippi, $1(1,000.
I have aletter from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, explaining the necessity of this appropri-
ation, and I will state in five minutes the necessity
of it. This appropriation, if made, will save a
very large expenditure of money. There are some
three, or four, or five hundred of these Indians.
There have already arisen some collisions between
them and the whites in the neighborhood of their
reservations. Two white persons have been killed,
and some Indians. There may be an Indian out-
break, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
sent a special agent there, and that agent has re-
turned and made report to the Department, and
the Department recommends the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
For the examination and survey of the several sites pro-
posed for the establishment of a national aunoiy and foun-
der}', a leport of which to be made at the next session of
Congress, $10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see what is the use
of spending money for such a commission as this.
It does not determine anything, if we have the
report. If Congress ever determines upon a site
for a national foundery, it can be done without
such a commission. It seems tome to be an un-
necessary appropriation.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. A similar amendment
was agreed to by the Senate at the last session of
Congress. It will be recollected that numerous
petitions were presented to the Senate, suggest-
ing various sites, and presenting the claims of six
I or eight different localities. The amount pro-
i posed is small, and I think the appropriation is a
proper one. In the Senator's own State, I think
three or four places have been urged, and some in
Maryland, and in the West. This amendment
does not commit the Senate to any large amount;
but we want the information, as it may become
necessary to act upon the subject. It will be rec-
ollected that there is not now an armory in the
South—not one south of Harper's Ferry.
Mr. DAVIS. None.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There may be many
places in the Southwest, particularly in the Gulf
States, where such an establishment would be
proper; and at some future day, and I trustno dis-
tant day, Congress will agree to make an appro-
priation for it, when the Treasury shall be m a
better condition. I trust the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not insist upon his opposition to this
amendment. It is simply to obtain the prclimi-
j nary information which is necessary before de-
1 termming upon any location. I hope the Senate
I will agree to the amendment.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems to me hardly
I worth while, when we are refusing to allow
I money which has already been appropriated
| towards arsenals to be expended in the coming
i year, to pass an appropriation to inquire about
| new ones. We have just agreed to an amendment
i of the Senator from Virginia, forbidding the
I spending of money already appropriated,
j Mr. HUNTEK. I think we may as well vote
| down this amendment.
t The amendment was rejected,
i Mr. BRODERICK. I have an amendment to
' offer from the Committee on Military Affairs:
1 That the uiiPxpondi-d balance of appropriations mitiinr-
i7,ed !)v the Pr-r and second sections of the act of Febniary
;1 17 18.77. chapter 50, he expended hy the, Secietary of War,
j in>tead ot by the Seeieuuy of ihe Intenor, as authorised in
•; said act.
; 1 will state that an appropriation of §100,000
ji has been agreed to to-day to complete a military
ij road to Oregon, and that, under the act which I
j1 propose to modify, the Secretary of the Interior
will appoint civilians to expend the money. I
I: want some responsible party connected with the
Army, the topographical engineers, if you please,
j| to have the superintendence of this road. I think
j they can expend It better than the parties who
I have had charge of the money for the last two
years. Last fall, I came across from California
to the Missouri river, and I never saw where a
•spade had been put in the ground; and yet, I be-
lieve, some two hundred thousand dollars of.
money has been expended. I hope there will be
no opposition to this amendment.
Mr. GWIN. This amendment speaks of an
unexpended balance of appropriations. I should
like to know what amounts are unexpended?
Mr. BRODERICK. One hundred thousand
dollars on the Honey Lake route and $30,000 on
the extreme southern route on the thirty-second
parallel. There are $130,000 yet to be expended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to offer the following amend-
ment:
That all the States which have had, or shall have, re-
funded to them by the United States, moneys expended by
such States lor military purposes, during, or since the war
of 1812 Willi Great Britain, winch have not already been al-
lowed interest upon the moneys so expended, shall now bo
allowed interest, so far as they have themselves paid or lost
it; &aul lnteiest to be computed by the proper accounting
officers of the Tredaiir}-, according to the piovision  and
principles directed to be applied to the case of Maryland by
the twellth section of the act. of March 3, 3857, entitled,
" An act makingappropriations for certain civil expenses of
the Government lor the year ending 30th of June, 1858,"
and that all the States w'luch have been allowed interest
upon claims against the United States, accruing during or
since said war of 1812, shall be entitled to have their inter-
est accounts reSxarnined and restated by the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, according to the provisions
and principles of the twelfth section of said act of March
3, 1857, and that those piovisions and principles shall govern
the computation of interest in all cases in which interest
may hereafter be allowed to any of the States. Any money
found to be due to any State, as directed by this section to
be computed and ascertained, shall be paid to such State,
out of any monev in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated : ProrideJ, That in lieu of the payment of money,
the Secretaiy of the Tieatury may, at his discretion, l&sue
to such Slates a stock, bearm an annual interest at the rate
of (he per centum per annum, and redeemable at the end
1 of ten yeatf, or sooner, at the pleasuie of the President.
] At the last session of Congress, the Committee
on Claims instructed me to report to this bill the
! following amendment:
i "Jlnd be it furiker enacted, That the proper accounting
i officer- be authorized to examine the accounts between the
\ United Stat<>« and the several States which have been, or
j may be, allowed interest upon claims against the United
' Suites, which have acciued during or since the war of 1812,
! with Gk\U Btitam, and apply m such examination the pro-
! visions and principle* of the twelfth section of the act of
> March <3, le.37, entitled ' An act making appiopriations for
i eertani civil evpense'' of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1858," and that any money found, upon
such leexannnauon, to be due any State, fehall be paid to
such State out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropt i.ited."
Upon that amendment the yeas and nays were
taken; and resulted—yeas 33, nays 19. The bill
went to the House of Representatives, and the
House substituted for that section the following,
which was subsequently concurred in by the Sen-
ate, and stands as the ninth section of the act of
last session:
" And he it father cnadal, That the Secretary of the
Tiea^nybe nWtuctcd to repon to Congre-^, at its next
regular sexton, all applications made hv State authorities
of the States and cities, for the reopening and reexamina-
tion of the setiU-muiits heietofore made with such States
and cities ; and import the principle of readjustment upon
which such claim is based, and the amount thereof. And
the Secretary of the Treasury is further instructed to re-
poit to Congre>s, at its next regular action, the ^ross
amount tiiat wiil he required to pay such claims to the
States and cities of the United States."
Under that clause of the act of last session, the
Secretary of the Treasury made his report at the
commencement of the present session. It has
been printed, and laid upon the desksof Senators;
and contains a statement, showing; the amount re-
quired to pay the claims of the several States.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the decision of the
Chair, whether or not this amendment can be
received under the rule; whether it is not to pro-
vide for private claims?
Mr. IVERSON. That question was made at
the last session; for the Journal states that when
: the amendment was offered—
i •' Mr. IIuxter made a question of order, under the 30th
lule. , , . ^ , , ,
1  ' The President (Mr. Stcart m the chair) asked the
1 ."•eii'-e of the Senate agreeably to the 6th rule, and the Scu-
i ate decided that the amendment was in order."
i That is the very same amendment which is
I now before Ihe Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. That was an amendment to
the miscellaneous bill; but surely the Senator will
not insist on making the Army appropriation bill
an omnibus bill.
Mr. IVEIISON. I think it is altogether appro-
priate to the Aimy bill, because the claims are for
advances made during the war with Great Britain.
