822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
fentleman from Missouri—none in the world. I
ope that he may extend and increase the well-
earned reputation he enjoys, until he shall reach
the highest acme of his reasonable ambition. But
however much I may wish well to the gentleman
from Missouri, there is that which I prefer over
even hia interests and his desires; and that is, the
good of my country. And it is because I believe
the reference of this bill to the Committee on Naval
Affairs will tend to promote the interests of the
country, that I have made this motion.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that gentlemen have in-
dustriously circulated the report that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs wants this bill to ingraft
upon it some proposition to construct additional
sloops of war. Such ari idea, so far as I know,
has never entered into the mind of a single mem-
ber of that committee. If we desired the con-
struction of sloops of war, we could very easily
report a bill for that purpose. The Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House have not even
agreed that itis expedient, at this session of Con-
fress, to ask for the construction of new sloops,
f we were so far forsetful of our duty and our
obligations to you and the country ns to seek to
incorporate it upon this bill, we would be unable
to do it. We would not be able to make it a
part of this bill, and we would accomplish nothing
by moving it as an amendment. I stated, when
the gentleman from Missouri was upon the floor,
that if the Committee on Naval Affairs hod
amendments to recommend, they would stand
merely as amendments, and nothing else. But,
 ir, I will repeat that I think I state the opinion
of every member of that committee, that there is
no intention to increase the amount of appropria-
tions of this bill. Such an idea has not consti-
tuted any part of the motive of action of one sin-
gle member of that committee, so far as I know.
Our proposition arose from a disposition to over-
haul this bill, and see whether there were not
some extravagances which might be got rid of.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have done my duty.
I have pointed out a mode in which the great and
growing expenditures of this Government may be
reduced. I do not know that the House willadopt
it. Perhaps not. Real and valuable reforms are
embraced slowly, and with reluctance. It is the
work of time. But, when the great inquisition is
made in reference to the excessive expenses of this
Government, and when members shall plead their
inability to reduce them, I leave this record in the
hands of the people to be employed against them.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire toask the gentleman
a question. If this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, which chairman is to
take charge of it when it is reported ba«lc ? The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
or the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs ?
Mr. BOCOCK. As to a matter of that sort, I
would yield with the utmost promptitude to the
gentleman from Mis.soun. I think the gentleman
who fust reported it fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means, would be entitled to take charge of it.
Mr, PHILLIPS. I do not ask what the gen-
tleman would do as amatterof courtesy, but what
would be the requirement of our rules?
Mr. BOCOCK. That would be a question for
the decision of the Speaker. So far as my own
opinion is concerned, I think that the gentleman
from Missouri would stand as the reporter of the
bill, and have the right to control it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
will detain the House for a few moments, because
I am satisfied that a majority of the House will
agree with me in my views of this subject. ! re-
gard this moiion as establishing a new practice in
the House; and f think, therefore, that it ought
to be well considered. The purpose of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs has been well stated by
the chairman; and 1 will not, therefore, repeat it.
The object is not in the least to embarrass the
Committee of Ways and Means, or to embarrass
this bill, or to delay the actum of the House on
the appropriation bills; but, if possible, to intro-
duce a more severe scrutiny into the appropriation
bills than has been, or could be, secured by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GROW. If th e gentleman will give way,
I will move that the House adjourn,
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr- UNDERWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the raotiDfi fo adjourn until I can intro-
duce a bill to authorize the President of the United
States to contract for the transportation of the
mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, Army
and Navy supplies, and all other Government ser-
vice, by railroad, from the navigable waters of the
Gulf of Mexico to the navigable waters of the Pa-
cific ocean, of which previous notice has been
given, in order that it may be referred and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KEITT objected.
The motion of Mr. Guow was agreed to; and
thereupon (at five minutes to.five o'clock, p. ni.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wedkesday, January 12, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gcrley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bright in
the chair) laid before the Senate a communication
from the President of the United States, in reply
to the resolution of the Senate, passed on the 16th
ultimo, requesting him to communicate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with the public interest,
any information in his possession in relation to
the landing of the bark Wanderer, on the coast
of Georgia, with a cargo of slaves. He trans-
mits to the Senate the report made to him by the
Attorney General, to whom the resolution was
referred. From that report it will appear that
the offense referred to in the resolution has been
committed, and that effective measures have been
taken to see the laws faithfully executed. He
concurs with the Attorney General in the opinion
that it would be incompatible with the public in-
terest, at this time, to communicate the corre-
spondence with the officers of the Government at
Savannah, or the instructions which they have
received. In the mean time, he says every prac-
ticable effort has been made, and will be continued,
to discover all the guilty parties, and to bring
them to justice.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the communica-
tion was ordered to lie on the table,and be printed.
PETITIONS AND. MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Washington, praying that the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company may be allowed to lay a
railroad track from Georgetown, through Penn-
sylvania avenue, to the Baltimore and Washing-
ton railroad depot; which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Moline and Rock Island, in Illinois, pray-
ing the passage of a law for the sale of the island
of Rock Island, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. BIGtER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Montgomery county and its vicinity,
Pennsylvania, praying the establishment of a
mail route; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of citizens
of Minnesota, praying the establishment of a mail
route from St. Paul to the navigable waters of the
Columbia river, and t<> Puget Sound; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. As it referred to a question which the
petitioners deemed one of great importance, he
moved that the memorial be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. KING presented a petition of inhabitants
of Mannsville, New York, a petition of inhab-
itants of Vienna, New York, and a petition of in-
habitants of Brownsville, NewYork, praying the
construction of a bicakwater at the port Cape
Vincent; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK presented the petition of
Eulogio de Celis, praying remuneration for money
loaned and supplies furnished to Colonel Fre-
mont, as Governor of California; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the petition of H.
J. Hartstene, a commander m the Navy, pray-
ing that certain expenses incurred on account of
the barque Resolute may be allowed in the settla-
ment of his accounts; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of miners
and others, of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
praying an increase of the duties on coal and iron;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of citizens
of Ohio, who were soldiers in the war of 1812,
praying that the bill-now before Congress grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of that war, may be-
come alaw; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Adelaide Adams, widow of George Adams, a
commander in the Navy, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Thomas
Ewing, jr., and others, residents of Kansas, pray-
ing that land may be granted to thatTerritory to
aid in the construction of certain railroads; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William Saw-
yer and othftts, citizens of Auglaize county, OHio, asking
compensation for loss of lands in Ohio by reason of an In-
dian title not ext inguisslied, be taken fiom the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S.
No. 503) authorizing the President, with the Gon-
sent of any Indian tribe, to expend their money
annuities for educational, agricultural, and other
objects, that will best contribute to their prosper-
ity and advancement; which was read the first
and second times, by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom were referred the petition
of William R. Babcock, guardian of Samuel
Pearce; the memorial of Horace B. Sawyer; the
memorial of E. Carrington Bowers; the memorial
of Charles H. Jackson; the memorial of Samuel
Lockwood; a communication from H. B. Sawyer
and CharlesT. Piatt; and the bill (S. No. 473) to
allow back pay to certain naval officers, reported
the bill without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States, communica-
ting a copy of the treaty between the United
States and the Kingdom of Siam, concluded29th
of May, 1856, and calling the attention of the Sen-
ate to the necessity of an act for carrying the
same into effect, reported a bill (S. No. 504) to
carry into effect the provisions of article three of
the treaty between the United States of America
and the Kingdom of Siam, concluded on the 29th
of May, 1856; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the me-
morials of the Provident Association of Clerks,
praying an amendment of their charter, reported
a bill (S. No. 505) to amend the " Act to incor-
porate the Provident Association of Clerks of the
civil Departments of the Government of the Uni-
ted States in the District of Columbia;" which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BROWN. I am directed by the same com-
mittee, to whom were referred the memorial of the
President and Directors of the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, praying the assistance of Con-
gress to the act of the Legislature of Maryland,
mcotporatmg that company, the incorporation of
the company m the District of Columbia, and au-
thority to extend their railroad through George-
town and Washington; the memorial of citizens
of Montgomery county, Maryland, praying Con-
gress to authorize the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany to construct their road fiom Georgetown,
through Washington, to the navy-yard; the me-
morial ofGilbert'Vanderwerken, prayingthat the
bill passed by the House of Representatives, in
relation to a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue,
in the city of Washington, may becomealaw; the
memorial of Thomas Motley, praying permission
to lay a railroad track across the avenues in the
city of Washington; a memorial of the members
of the Board of Aldermen and Board of Common
