1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
328
Council of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
praying that the Metropolitan Railroad Company
may be authorized to construct their road along
Pennsylvania avenue to the Capitol and the Bal-
timore and Washington railroad depot; five pe-
titions of inhabitants of Washington, praying that
the Metropolitan Railroad Company may be au-
thorized to construct their roadalonj* Pennsylva-
nia avenue to the Washington and Baltimore rail-
roaddepot; the memorial of Taylor & Maury and
others, citizens of Washington, praying author-
ity to constructarailroad from Georgetown along
Pennsylvania avenue to the navy-yard in that
city; the petition of residents of Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying that the Metropolitan
Railroad Company may be authorized to con-
struct their road from that town into and through
Washington,to report upon them adversely. The
committee have instructed me to report adversely
on all of them, and to say that, at the last session
of Congress, the House of Representatives passed
a bill authorizing a company, commonly known
as Yanderweiken's company, to construct a rail-
road on that avenue. That bill was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
by them teported upon, and it is pending in the
Senate for its fiction. The committee behove that
if the franchise be granted, it had bot|er be given
to that, than to any other company, and they
have instructed me to report accordingly.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on JN'aval Af-
fairs, who were instructed to inquire and report
to the Senate what action, if any, should be taken
by Congress to manifest the appreciation by the
country of the gallant and meritoi ions services of
Captain Charles Stewart, of the United States
Navy, reported a joint resolution (_S.No.C9) con-
feriing the rank of senior flag-officer on the active
list of the United States Navy on Captain Charles
Stewart; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. '
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
E. B. Boutwell,a commander in the Navy, play-
ing compensation for certain extra services while
i'.n command of thp United States steamer Colonel
Harney, and the United States ship John Adams,
&c., submitted an udveise report; winch was or-
dered to be printed,
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee oi) Finance to report back House bill (No.
662) making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th of June, lSUO, with
amendments; and I give notice that to-moriow I
shall ask the Senate to consider this bill
Mr. FITCH,from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
report of the Secretary of the Navy communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of all the letters oi con espondence
on file in his Dopairment, b^tw^en the President
of Nicaragua and Commodate Hnam Paulding,
in relation to the .capture of Wiiiumi Walker and
his command at San Juan dc Nicaiagui, in De-
cember, 1857, commumcated the 23d of Decem-
ber, 1858, reported in favor of printing the same.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the leportof the
SfCietary of the Senate, showing (he names cf
persons employed in his office dutmg the year
1858, and the amount paid to each, reported
against printing the same.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the icportof the
Secretary of War communicating, m compl.ance
with a resolution of the Senate, information in
respect to land in the harbor of New Voik,be* ;
longing to the United States, that may be appro-
priated, if required, to the use of the revenue de- S
paitment, reported in favor of pimtii^ the same. |
He also, from the same commute", t<  \vh<>m was
rsferted a resolution topiiui fifty th-num d copies }
of the add iesses dt iivori d in the late Sen.it'' Cham- ,
ber, and the prayers of the Chaplains op theoecu- ,
sion of the removal of the members of the Senate
to their new IlaH, n-norted adverse ly thereon. :
He olsojfiom the same committee, to whom 1
was referred tin- motion to print the message fi om ;
the President of the United States, iK-ns-uutLnga !
copy of a letter of the Hth ot Apnl la-u, fiom tiie !
Minister of the United States in China, and of the i
decree and regulation which accompamcd it, for i
such revision thereof as Congress may deem ex- 1
pedient, pursuant to the sixth section of the act
approved 11th of August, 1848, reported in favor
of printing the same.
elias hall.
Mr. FOOT. There is a Senate private bill on
the table, which has been returned from the House
of Representatives, with an amendment. I ask
that it be considered, and that the amendment be
concurred in. It is the bill (S. No. 68) for the re-
lief of Elias Hall, of Rutland, Vermont.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill, which was to strike out
the words:
u With interest thereon from tho 29th day of April, 1834,
when the account was properly presented lor payment."
So that the bill will read:
Be it enact cd. tVc , That tiie Secretary of War cause to
be paid, out of any money in the Tieasuiy not otherwise
appiopnated, m Elm* Hall, of Rutland, Vermont, the sum
ot §;>J6 n-2, m hill, lot the balance due him tor ins sei vices
as siipenntendent of tepans of small arms, and for sub
science, expenses, and losses while engaged in the service
of the United Stated, dunng tho hut win with Gieat Biitam.
Mr. FOOT. The House amendment strikes
out the interest. I move that the Senate concur
m that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
john r. bourse.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (S. No. 452) for the relief of John R.
Noursc and others. In submitting the motion, I
beg leave to make a word of explanation to the
Senate. This bill is to icheve the parties from
the operation of a judgment which the Govern-
ment has against them. The Secretary of the
Treasuryhas suspended the operation of thejudg-
ment until aboutthis period. The time has nearly
expired, and unless this bill can pass both Elouses
of Congress very shortly, the property of the
parties will be subjected to seizure and sale, and
be sacrificed. I think it is a case of exigency, and
I trust the Senate will indulge me in allowing the
bill to be taken up and acted on. It is for a very
small amount, only about $1800.
The motion wan agieed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
it proposes to release John R. Nourse from the
: effect of a judgment obtained against him by the
' United States, in the circuit court for the District
of Columbia, as one of the sureties of William
P. Zantzinger, late a purser in the United States
Navy; nnd the act is to he considered a lelease
of the estate of Zant/.mgei of all claim of the
United States upon that judgment as against him.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. I should like to hear the
repoit in that case, if theie is one
Mr. IVERSON7. Yes, sir; there is a report.
The Secietary read the report; from which it
appears that, in 1632, the memorialist became one
of the sureties upon the official bond of William
P. Zantzinger, a purser in the Navy. In 1843,
Puiser Zantzinger renewed ins bond and gave
othersuienes. In consequence of an appaicnt
deficit in Purser ZnuUmger'.s account, he and his
sureties weie sued in 1844, and a judgment was
obtained a^amst them for $8,000. This deficit
appears to have arisen as follows: During the
late war with Great Britain, Mr Zantzinger was
attached, as puiser, to the United States ship
Ilornef, on a cruise to the Indian ocean. On thus
ci uise the Ilornet was chased by an enemy's ahip
ofgrtatly snpeiior force, and, as one of the ex-
pedients to save the ship^the commander caused
not only all her armament, but rvuythmg what-
evet, fi om beiow as well as above, including the
puiset stoics, to be thiown ovetboard. After
the rendition of the judgment against hun. Purser
Zantzinirer aophed to Congress for allowance of
credit for these stores, anil a joint resolution was
passed directing the accounting officers to allow
htm the value of such stores as were thrown over-
board fiom the United States ship Hornet. Under
this law the accounting olllcers allowt d the sum
cf still leaving a balance against htm on
the jud^m-jnt of £,2,27G. Mr. Zant/augc-r ti^m
appeal d to Congress, and two successive Com-
mittees of Claims of the House of Representa-
tives, to whom the evidence of Captain Newton,
the second-lieutenant of the ship, the officer in
charge of the deck at the tune the transaction took
place, and who actually superintended the throw-
ing of the stores into the sea, was submitted  came
to the conclusion that Purser Zantzinger was
justly entitled to a considerable larger allowance-
Captain Newton testifies that Purser Zantzinger's
Joss could not have been less than #8,000, which
would have balanced the claim of the Govern-
ment. _ Upon a careful review of all the facts, the
committee came to the conclusion that Captain
Newton's testimony is entitled to be fully relied
I on, and that his estimate of the value of the purs*
1 er's stores was not too high; and, consequently,
that upon a just and equitable settlement of tho
accounts of Purser Zantzinger no balance would
have been found against him. In accordance with
these views, they reported a bill for the relief of
the petitioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
wiluam e. kendall's sureties. *
. * Mr. YULEE. There is a bill upon the Calendar,
| reported from the Committee on the Post Office
I and Post Roads at the-last session, which stands
! m pretty much the same condition as that upon
I which the Senate has just acted. The parties are
| sureties upon the bond of an officer of the United
I States, which is now under suit; and the case is
j one which, in the opinion of the committee, en-
! titles them to relief; but, unless that relief can be
! granted at the present session, it will be of no
i avail. If the bill reported at the last session by
1 the Post Office Committee cannot be acted on
now, or at a period early enough to enable the
j other House to take up the subject, the parties
. will go without the relief which, in the opinion
! of the committee, they are entitled to receive. I
| move, therefore, that the bill (S.No. 237) for the
! lelief of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. Butter-
i worth, be taken up. The session has advanced
| so far that I feel it my duty to make the motion,
j inasmuch as the Senate has just recognized the
; principle on which the motion is made. ^ -
j The motion was agreed to; and the foil was
, read a second time, and considered as in commit-
I tee of the whole.
! It provides for the relief of Arnold Harris and
j Samuel P. Uuttcrworth, sureties of William E.
; Kendall, late deputy postmaster at New Orleans,
from all claim winch the United States may have
I against them or either of them as such sureties;
| and proposes to dnect the Secretary of the Treas-
' ury to cause any judgment which may have been
■ rendered against them, or either of them, as sure-
ties of Kendall, to be cancelled and satisfied of
record as to the sureties or either of them.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case?
Mr. YULEE. There is a report.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read/
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on the Port Office ami Post Roads, to
whom was* referred the memoual of Arnold Harris and Sam-
uel t<\ flu tun worth, respect tuliv report: Thnttho petmoneia
a^k ichef horn a penalty they have inclined as sureties of
William G. Kendall, lately a deputy po&tmaster at New
Oilcans. The memorial i-< as follows :
To the Senate and House of Rejiresentaliccs of the United
j Slates of JJmerica in (Jongress assembled.
The memonalof Arnold Harris and Samuel F. Butter-
woith lespeetfully hhnweth : That, on the 14th of April, A.
I>. lb«">3, they signed the official bond of William G. Ken-
dall, late po.-tm.wter of New Orleans, as his sureties in the
penal sdim of .$60,001). On the 7tii of May, lSoa, Kendall
wa«t d wan wd trom the ofhee of poama&ter at New Orleans}
wa> <u «t>U'd, charged with having robbed the mails; wa^
indicted. ined, and acquitted. Ai er ina arre-t, and before
his tnal, lu< account stated by the Post Office Depart -
tnerii, showing a balance against hi in, as pohtmas-ter at Nuvs
Orleans, oi 19. Tin-, aceouni was presented to Ken-
dall ; he huh d to pay any part of it E*u !y in January, 1856,
unir litem oi lahsts were called upon by the Fon Office De-
p.mment to pa) up thi> r<um oi $10,839 19, as sureties lor
Kendall; on tin* 7ih of January, itx>6, vour memorialist, S.
P. Umti'iwoiiii, depo-ued with the United States as^iant
tieaMirer, at New Yoik, the -uin of §3.0^0 io the credit of
tin-* account; on the 19th of Januaiy. lie deposited, in
hie" mannci, tiie. further Mini of ,v<l.9."i0. And on the 2l t
January, lii.*i0. youi mstnoriah-st, Arnold Mains, deposited
with the Auduoi of the lJo-t Office D.'pattmcnt. at UTas>h-
imrion, the mjui of $.'^9 19. bemc tiie balance claimed by
^aici account to be due f#om Kendall.as pu->tmasteratNcvv
Oilcan-, to ihe United Htate-. t-oon after this Kendall was
tiied by ajiny .it Xoxv ojloans, and acquitted, lie imme-
diately leit the United States and went to Mexico, v\ here
he now H'5ide>. Alter In- had tniH h-lt the United States,
(in ihu Idth dav of September, ISaG. >oui memorialist. Sam-
uel l\ oniteiv.'oith. icojived a letter from the Auditor of
the Po-t Otfiee Depaimn at. (-ee copy annexed,) inform-
ing him that, in waiving out vne account against Kendall,
an erroi had been made, and that there \va< mill due the
Department, fimn Kendall, thy s>um of $5,305 47.
When the account wa-s Hr t stated by the Department,
