324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
showing.a balance against Kendall of $10,839 19, he (Ken-
dall) insisted that there was no such amountdue from him,
and that the claim was made merely to present Imn as a
defaulter, and thus prejudice his case before the jury. Your
memorialists, not doubting hid statements, and certain of
his innocence,paid the claim without investigation as soon
as it was presented to them, and they did this to insure
Kendal) a fair trial, and because they knew that ail of his
available means were required by him to prepare for his
defense: but your memorialists distinctly state that if the
Department had at first claimed a balance of $16,204 66 as
due from Kendall, they certainty would not have paid that
large sum without investigation and legal resistance, unless
first indemnified by Kendall or his relatives.
By direction of the Government, suit was instituted
against Kendall (whose last known piace of residence was
in Missouri) and your memorialists, in the United totates
circuit court of Missouri, to recovei this last claimed bal-
ance of §5,365 47 5 process was served at the late residence
of Kendall; your memorialists appeared by attorney, and
suffered judgment to be obtained against them by detault.
The only explanation, -or lather excuse, given by the Post
Office Department (or the " grave error" in rendering the
first account against Kendall for a sum of $.5,365 47 less
than was really due the Government, was the f.tct that the
clerk who made out the account was intempeiate !
Your memorialists ask the Congress of the United States
to release them from the paymentof the judgmentrendeied
against them as above stated, and they assign as a sufficient
reason for such request, the fact tliat, by the action of an
iutempeiate clerk m the Post Office Department, (M'nce dis-
missed,) thev have been deprived of ail lemedy agaius-t
Kendall, who had departed from the countiy before the la*t
claim of $5,365 47 was made known to either of your me-
morialists.
A furiher fact your memorialists present: Kendall,
charged with a high crime, was vigoiously prosecuted; ex-
traordinary means were used to procure his conviction; the
United States dibtrict attorney at New Orleans was not
deemed equal to the occasion; other distinguished counsel
was employed, who boasted that he was to receive a fee ot
4)5,000 frout the Government m the event of Kendall's con-
viction. To meet this unjust peis.ecution and monstrous
proceeding, on tlie part of 'the United States, Kendall was
compelled to expend laige sums of money to retain the ser-
vices of Senator Benjamin, and oilier eminent Jawyeis, to
piocure the attendance of impoi tant witness***, and to con-
duct his defense to a successful issue; moiethari Ins hie,
his honor and his libeity, were involved in the contest; not
a particle ot proof of guilt was produced, he wu-> acquitted.
The moneys thus expended by Kendall, but for the action
of the Government, would have constituted a means oi pay-
ing any real balances due from lnm as postmaster. Jiy the
oppressive action of the Government, he was deprived of
these ihoQns. Under these cucumstances, your memorial-
ist* submit that his sureties ought not to be called on to
make good the monevs thus expended.
The above fuels conaideied, your memorialists ask such
relief as the Congress of the United States may deem just
and proper.
F S. F. BUTTERWOUTH,
ARNOLD IIAUUIri.
Subsequently a tetter from one of the petitioners, in re-
ply to an inquiry from the. committee, was submitted, which
15 as follows: ,
New York, March 20, ]8o8.
Dear Sir: A memorial from Arnold Hnriia and my«elf,
a?* sureties of William G. Kendall, late postmaster at New
Oilcans, has been referred to the Committee on the Post
Otftce and Post Koads. of which >ou are chairman. V\ e
mmtted to state m that memorial anything in relation to the
capacity of Mr. Kendall, at the time of his acquittal, to pay
oi secuie the amount claimed as due the Posr Office De-
partment fiom hitn. It may he «aid that, unlets we can
► how that Mr. Kendall could have been forced to pay, we
lo.-t nothing hvhis departuic fiom the country. The fact is,
that Mr. Kendall possessed a valuable property at Hiloxi,
Mississippi, (represented to be worth over #12,000,) which
property he settled upon his wife before he left the coun-
try, and proceedings are now pending in the United States
cncuit court, in behalf ot the United States, to set «.-<ide
thin settlement, and to subject this property to the satisfac-
tion ot the judgment tendered against Kendall. Ilad we
have known ot the existence of this large claim against us,
as sureties of Kendall, before his departure Irom the coun-
try, we certainly could, by the application of the mb-Ti eas-
iiry law, have compelled Mr. Kendall to apph this property
to the payment ot this claim, instead of fettling it on his
wife. Thoro ean be no doubt of this. Mr. Kendall would
have exhausted his own property not only, but also that ot
his relatives, rather than have sufleied the penalties of the
law i\b a defaulter.
I am, with great respect, your obedient scivant,
SAMUEL F. BUTTERWORT1I.
Tlie facts alleged by the memorialists are sustained upon
inquiry. ^
The parties appeal to the equity of the Government to
protect tlwm from a loss causod by the laches ot one of its
office! s.
When these parties became sureties, they reasonably
looked with reliance upon the guards winch the laws cre-
ated against default of its officials tor their protection. Fhey
had a right to expect coriect and accurate accounts to be
kept by the Government, quaiterly settlements, and such
prompt resoit to the vigoious and sufficient means ofontorc-
ing payment of balances as the sub-Trea-ury law provided.
They had a right, also, to expect early and accuiate notice
of any default, that they might employ the usual means ot
securing themselves fiom damages.
It appeals that through the fault of the Government, no
matter from what cause, they were deceived as to the
amount due to the Government by Mr. Kendall, and were
ijot apprised of a different state of the account, and ot a fur-
ther balance claimed, until the principal had disposed ot his
property, and lelt the jurisdiction of the United States. If
tlie Government had used the proper care and diligence, his
dep&Vuire would have been prevented, and in all reasonable
probability, the amount recovered. The Government was
the custodian of the accounts ; it alone couflT know the
true state of indebtedness; the sureties could know only
through the Government. When, upon being informed by
the Government of the balance owing, they genei oualy came
forward and paid the amount from their own private means,
they had a right to regard their obligation as discharged, and
to di^cbaroe iheir minds from any further vigilance in the
transactions of Mr. Kendall. Thus, by the default of the
Government, they have suffered a damage, and although the
case is not one which would secure them immunity in a
court of law, yet it presents a fair case for the clemency
and consideration of the Government.
The committee think that the Government may properly
relax its stuct legal claim, and m consideration ot the large
amount already voluntaiily paid by^hese sureties, and the
injury caused to them by the laches of its own officers, re-
lease them from further liability. They accordingly report
a hill for the relief of the petitioners.
Mr. HALE. Tliis bill, I find, was reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, of which I am a member; but it was not
my good fortune to be in the committee-room
when it was agreed to. I wish the chairman
would let it lie on the table for the present. This
is the first I have heard of it; and from what at-
tention I have given to the report, it seems to me
it does not disclose any ground for interference;
but if he will let it lie, I Will look into it between
now and to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
SALARY OF MINISTER TO FRANCE.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 4G9) to equalize the compensation
of the Ministers of the United States to France
and England during the period therein mentioned.
It directs that in the settlement of the accounts
of the Minister Plenipotentiary from the United
States to France, there shall be allowed and paid
to him, from the 1st of July, 1855, to the 1st of
' January, 1857, such sum as will make his salary
for that period equal to that allowed to the Min-
ister of the United States at London.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing about
this bill except from hearing it read at the Secre-
j tary's table; but it seems to me that this is a very
wrong, time to commence the increase of salaries,
I and I "object very much to this way of increasing
'them. It is insidious. It is a way by which sal-
aries arc often raised to a point to which they
ought not to be raised, under the pica of equal-
izing them.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator yield me the
floor for a moment? There is 110 report accom-
panying the bill; I did not think one necessary;
but if the Senator will allow me,! will explain its
purpose in a moment. Congress passed a law,
which went into operation 011 the 1st of July,
1855, enlarging the compensation of all the min-
isters in the diplomatic service of the United
States. It placed the Minister at London first,
and the Minister at Pans next, and then gave
various enlarged salaries to the other ministers.
The difference between the salaries ofthe Minister
at London and the Minister at Paris, was $2,500
per annum, as fixed by that bill.
That law, as the Senate will probably recollect,
took away from both those legations what had
theretofore been allowed for clerk hire and office
rent. The result was, upon inquiries made by the
committee, to satisfy them anu ultimately to sat-
isfy Congress, that in truth the expenses of the
Minister now at France are equal to, if not more
than, the expenses of the mission to London; and
the consequence was, that the very next year Con-
gress passed a law placnig the salary ot the Min-
ister to France on a fooffngwith the salary ofthe
Minister to England; but eighteen months had
intervened, during which time there was that dis-
parity between the salaries; and the one mission,
incurring certainly equal, if not greater, expenses
than the other, had thrown upon it the burden of
clerk hire and office rent; and a very great burden
it is now, at both missions.
In 1856, at the session following that at which
the discrepancy was established, a law was passed
placing those two salaries on the same footing.
The purpose of the present bill is to pay to the
Minister to France only the difference for eigh-
teen months, during which time there was that
disparity. The two salaries are now equal; and
the sum provided for by this bill is exactly $3,750.
It does not affect the salaries at all, except to equal-
ize them during that period.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Virginia removes one objection which
I had to the bill. On hearing it read, I supposed
it was to raise the salary of the Minister to France
under the idea of equalizing it with some other
salary.
Mr. MASON. That was done long since.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that has been
done, and the statement of the Senator from Vir-
ginia removes that objection; but there has be&n
a good deal of that kind of legislation. Under
some particular state of circumstances, a par-
ticular officer has his salary increased, and then
comes m a bill to place other officers upon the
same footing with regard to their salaries. It
seems, however, that that objection does not ap-
ply here, but this is a bill to increase a salary for
past services. It seems to me that it is a very bad
precedent. If we can go back and increase the
salary of an officer for services performed years
ago in one case, we may do it in others; and
what shall prevent our having hundreds of ap-
plications here from parties who have performed
services for the Government, to have their com-
pensation increased because their salaries were
too low ? That is all there is of it. The law fixing
these salaries was revised a few years ago, and
Congress thought proper at that time, it seems, to
allow a larg%rsalary to the Minister to the Bri^sh
Government than to the Minister to France, for
reasons considered sufficient by Congress. Now,
after the lapse of a few years, a proposition is made
to go back and increase the salary of this officer
who was 111 France, to make it equal to the salary
ofthe Minister to England. They are now placed
on the same footing, and I think we have done
enough. I am opposed to the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think a very short state-
ment, in addition to what has been said by my
fi lend from Illinois, ought to satisfy gentlemen
of the impropriety of this kind ot legislation.
When we come to apply it to the individual, we ,
find that at the time the present Minister to France
was appointed, the law gave all ministers of that
grade #9,000 a year salary and $9,000 outfit. Ha
received the outfit, and went to France. Subse-
quently to that time we changed the system, and
gave $15,000 salary to the Minister to France,
and $17,500 to the Minister to England. The
Minister to France had received his outfit when
that law went into effect. The present Minister
to England, I think, received none; for he came
under the new law. Then, the present Minister
to France not only got his outfit, but he got the
$15,000 additional after that period. Notv, al-
though he got the outfit which his successors are
not to receive, and, in addition, got the increased
salary which was intended to be in lieu of tho
outfit, he is to have additional back pay, simply
for the reason thatCongress deemed that the mis-
sion to London was more expensive, and allowed
it $17,500, and subsequently established $17,501)
as the salaiy of the French mission. On the
ground of the difference between the two for eigh-
teen months, he now comes here asking for, or
a bill is introduced to give him, the difference dur-
ing that period. Was there ever a proposition
which (to my mind at least, and it seems to me it
must so strike the minds of others) was more bald
than this—more destitute ofabsolute merit? The
individual there, it will be remembered, has, I re-
peat, received the outfit, which, under the new
law, it was not intended that ministers should
receive; that could not be altered; hehadit in his
pocket; he gets the increase of salary; but because,
for a short time, there was a difference between his
pay and that of Minister to England, although he
now gets the increase, he comes forward and asks
that that difference be paid. 1 am willing to do
it when he returns the outfit; that will make it ex-
actly equal. ,, , .
Mr. MASON. The case stated by the honor-
able Senator from Maine is plausible, but plausi-
ble only. It is very true that the present Minister
to France, when he was appointed, was appointed
under the old law, by which he received a salary
of $9,000, and, for the first year, an outfit of
$9,000, which made, for that year,a compensation
of$18,000; but for the next year he had a compen-
sation of only $9,000. 1 do not recollect now, very
distinctly, when he was sent there; but 1 am well
satisfied that, for the first year, his compensation
was the $9,000 outfit and $9,000 salary; so that
he did receive that year $500 more—and but$5UU
