#406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
olution; which was considered by.unanimotts corf-
sent, and agreed to: :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public interests,
the correspondence between Commander Foote, United
States Navy, and his Excellency E. A. Blusdale, relative to
the case of the ship Henrietta Maria.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 886) to ptotect timber
growing upon lands of the United States reserved
for military and other purposes, w^s read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
WILLIAM RICH.
Mr. FOOT. I have been seeking the floor for
three or four days, to call up a bill of extreme
necessity, a question of justice reported by the
Senator from Virginia, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. It has passed the
House, and if, upon the reading of the bill and a
single paragraph from the report, any Senator
objects to it, I will consent to let it lie over.
Mr. CLAY. Read the paragraph to which
you allude.
Mr. FOOT. It is from the letter of the Sec-
retary of State:
" Upon an examination of the correspondence of that
legation, it is peieeived that the dates fixed by Mr. Rich as
llie limits of his services m tlic character of charge d'af-
faires are correctly stated: that i>, fioni the 2d August to
the 30th November, 18o3, during winch time theie was no
other accredited leprcsentutive in Moxieo, ftom this Gov-
ernment."
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
eider the bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of
William Rich.
Ic directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to William Rich, late United Slates secretary of
legation in Mexico, $830, it being the diffeience
between the compensation allowed to a secretary
of legation and that to a charge d 'affaires, for the
period during which he acted in the latter capa-
city.
It appears that the petitioner was secretary of
legation under the Hon. Robert P. Letcher, Uni-
ted States minister at Mexico; that Mr. Letcher
left Mexico on the 2d of August, A. D. 1852, and j
his successor, the tlon. Mr. Conkling, presented
his credentials on the 30th of .November ensuing;
that during this interval, a period of three months
and thirty days, the petitioner acted as charge
d'affaires, and has only received for such Service
the compensation of a secretary of legation. He
asks to be allowed for the peuod tibovenaiued the
difference between the compensation of a secre-
tary of legation and that of a charge d'affaires.
Daring the interval named, there was no other
accredited representative in Mexico from this
Government, and the services of Mr. Rich, while
acting as charge d'affaires, were faithful and im-
portant, and, in the opinion of the Department,
fully entitle him to the compensation claimed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, nnd passed.
ENROLLMENT OF A VESSEL.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FIAMLIN. I ask the Se.nator from Rhode
Island to allow me to present a bill to authorize
the issuing of a register to a vessel. 1 do it by
direction of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN. I withdiaw my motion, of
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine proposes to take up the following
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not report it, as the sub-
ject was not referred to us; but I submitted it to
the committee, and they were unanimously for it.
There being no objection; the bill (S. No. 604)
to provide for the enrollment and license of the
brig Cumberland, was read twice, by its title, and
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PUGH. Has that bill been printed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not been
printed.
Mr. PUGH. When was if introduced?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is introduced
at this time by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. PUGH. Has it been read twice?
The PRESiDUNG Ob'KICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Then I object to its third read-
ing.
BOUNDARY OF MINNESOTA.
On-motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded .to consider
the bill ,(H. R. No. 805) to run, mark, and estab-
lish the western boundary of the State of Minne-
sota.
It directs the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to cause to be run, marked, and established,
that portion of the western boundary of the State
of Minnesota described in the first section of the
act entitled " An act to authorize the people of the
Territory of Minnesota to form aconstitution and
State government," &c., approved February 26,
1857, which is not defined by natural boundaries,
such as water-courses, &c., and which it is esti-
mated will not exceed a distance of one hundred
and thirty miles, for which purpose it appropri-
ates the sum of $5,000.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with amendments: in line three to strike out
the words "Commissioner of the General Land
Office, "and insert "Secretary of the Interior;" in
line five, to insert the words "by the surveyor
general of Minnesota;" and in section two to
strike out the words "Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office," and insert "Secretary of the
Interior."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
MRS. PERSIFER F. SMITH.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I think
we should make a very graceful close of this very
laborious day by taking up the bill for the relief
of the widow of General Persifer F. Smith. I am
sure my friend from Alabama will help me to
get it up.
Mr. CLAY. I will object to it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You cannot object to
taking it up.
Mr. CLAY. But if you take it up, there is
not a quorum to pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to take up the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Persifer F. Smith.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 2d, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BRIG CUMBERLAND.
On motion of Mr. HATCH, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the Commit-
tee on Commerce of the papers in the case of the
brig Cumberland, in order that they may be re-
ferred in the Senate.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a privileged
question. I submit the following report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Indian appropriation
bill.
The report was read, as follows:
"The coninnttee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. K. No.
664) making appropriations tor the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1860, having met, after a full and free conference,
have agi'eed to recommend to their respective Ileuses as
follows:
That the Senate agree to the House amendment to the
Senate's fourth amendment.
That the Hou^e recede from the disagreement to the sev-
entli amendment of the Senate, and agtee to the same, with
an amendment, a-5 follows : Add to the Senate^ amendment
these words • " Provided farther, That for the reservations
hereby authorized, no Indian agents, sub-agents, overseers,
01 other officers or employes, shall be appointed oremploj ud
under this act."
That the House recede from their disweement to the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows; Add to the Senate's
amendment these wouU; " Provided, That the said res-
ervation shall not exceed one hundred square miles in ex-
tent."
That the Senate agree to the House amendment of the
Senates sixteenth amendment.
That the House recede from the disagreement to the
eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: -Strike out from the word
either,", ijvthe eighth hne.of said, amendment, to the word
" fndians" in the ninth line, inclusive, and insert" by In-
dians trespassingon white men,"and-strikeoutali after the
word "fiat" in the fifteenth line of said amendment.
Thaflhe Senate'recede from their second, eighth, ninth,
twelfth, and nineteenth amendments.
That the House recede jfrohi their disagreement to, and
concur in, the following amendments of the Senate: fifth,
sixth, tentivfchirteenthj fifteenth, and seventeenth.
A. B. GREENWOOD,
S. A. SMITH,
J. S. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the House,
J. A. PEARCE,
JOHN BELL,
W. K.SEBASTIAN,
, Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The Senate agreed to
the amendment of the House to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate; which was as follows:
For the redemption of the piincipal sum of said five per
cent, stock, held in "trust as afoiesaid, $68,000, to bp in-
vested by the Secretary of the Interior in the stock of the
United States, in heuof said five percent, stock: Provided,
That the said Indiana five percent, stock shall all be surren-
dered by the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who shall be required to correspond with the
Executive of Indiana for the purpose of effecting an arrange-
ment relative to the amount due on said stock, and report
progress to next Congress: Provided further, That the stocks
with which the Secretary of the Interior is now charged
upon the books of the Treasury, under the head of " Chip-
pewas, Ottowas, and Pottawatomies; mills and education,"
be charged to two separate accounts, to be opened under
the heads of " Pottawatomies—mills; and Pottawatomies—
education ;" and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thorized, with the consent of the Pottawatomies, to trans-
fer the stocks as charged aforesaid to the new heads of ac-
count in such proportions as he may deem best for the in-
terest of the Pottawatomies.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out the proviso; and to that the Senate have
agreed.
The House disagreed to the seventh amendment
of the Senate; which was as follows:
Page 36, line eight hundred and sixty-eight, after the word
"dollars," inseit as follows:
And the Commissioner of Indian Affairs is hereby au-
thorized, by and with the consent of the Secretary of the
Interior, to increase the number of reservations for Indian
purposes in the State of California: Provided, The aggre-
gate amount of land so set apart for reservations shall not
exceed one hundred and twenty-five thousand acres.
So that the section would read:
For the Indian service in California, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, fifty thou-
sand dollars; and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, &c.
The committee of conference recommend the
House to recede from its disagreement, and to
adopt the following amendment thereto:
Provided farther, That for the reservations hereby author-
ized, no Indian agents, sub-agents, overseers, or other offi-
cers or employes, shall be appointed or employed under
this act.
I would state to the House that the system of
Indian reservations has, in some parts of the
country, proved to be an entire failure. While In-
dians are being hunted up in different portions of
California to bring them oat of their old haunts,
and place them on large reserves, it is found im-
possible to keep those Indians that are already on
the reserve. The committee thought it best to
narrow down these reserves to small quantities,
and to allow the Indians to remain on their old
settlements, protected from the encroachments of
the whites; provided, that no expense shall be
incurred in so doing.
It has been found impracticable to keep Indians
on these reservations, and it is not regarded that
driving them from their original homes, and plac-
ing them in a general herd, is good policy. The
committee of conference, therefore, agreed to the
Senate amendment, allowing additional reserves
to be located, provided that no agents are to be
employed on tnese reserves, and that no additional
expense shall be incurred; but that they shall be
left entirely under the superintendence of the su-
perintendent or Indian agent now in California.
The object of the proviso is to prevent the em-
ployment of agents or officers on these reserves,
and to prevent further expense.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know, if officers
are necessary to take care of these reservations
now in operation, how we are to get along with
these additional reservations without employes ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. The object simply is, to
surround the Indians by metes and bounds, so as
to retain them in their original settlements.
Mr. LETCHER. What is to becomc of the
reservations heretofore established by law?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that the
