THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Conoress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1859.
New Series No. 89,
ham, Vance, Ward, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wmslow,
Woodson, Wortendvke, Augustus 11. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcoffer—110.
NAYS—Mecsis. Abbott, Bingham, Blair, Bliss Brayton,
Buffinton, Burhngame, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comius, Corning, Curtis,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes,Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durt'ee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Floience, Foster, Giddmgs, Gilhs, Gilman, Gooch,
Goodwin, Gjanger, Grow, Robert B. Ilall, Harlan, Harris,
Hickman, £loaid, Horton, Owen Jones, Keim,
Kellogg, Kelsey. Kilgore, Knapp. Leiter, Lovejoy, Morrill,
Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morris, Fieeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Mor&e. Mott, Muuav, Nichols, Ohn. Palmer,
Paiker, Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Ileilly, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royee, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman,Sickles, Roben Smith, Spmnei, Stan-
ton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, Toinpkin®,
Wade, Walbridge, Wakhon, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ethhu B. Washbume, Isiael Washburn, and
Wilson-M)!.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the bill of the House giving the as-
sent of Congress to a law of the Missouri Legis-
lature for the application of the reserved two per
cent, fund of said State.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan
Henry, his Private Secretary, returning the agri-
cultural college bill, with his objections thereto.
]POST OFFICE BILL AGAIN.
The question being on agreeing to the eighth
amendment to the Post Office appropriation bill,
at the end of the second section, add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That the sums heretofore approptiated for the
erection of post office buildings, which bhall remain m the
Treasuiy unexpended at the close of the present fiscal
year, are hereby reappropnated for the objects to which
they are now applicable by law.
Mr. BRANCH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SICKLES, I would ask, if the amend-
ment makes it compulsory on the Department to
make these expenditures?
Mr. BRANCH. Not at all. The object is to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to postpone
the expenditures.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsms. Abbott, Adiam, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Aveiy, B.irr, Blan, Bliss. Bowie, Boycc, Branch,
Brayton, Brjan, Buihnuame. Burns Case, Cavan.iuch,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson. John Cochrane. Colfax,
Comins, Corning, Covode, Cragi'n, Davis of Maryland, Da-
vis of Mississippi, David of Massachusetts, Dawes?, Dean,
Dick, Dimmick, Dodil, Ouriee. Edie, Eustis, Farnsworih,
Fenton, Florence, Fo>tei, Gilhs, Oilman. Gilmei, Gooch,
Goodwin, Grow, Harkm, Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoatd,
Hodges, Howard. Muvler, Owen Jono-5, Keim. Kellosrg,
Kelsey, Kilgoie. Laruly, Lovejoy. Maclay, McKililun, Mc-
Rae, Samuel S. Mar-diall, Martenm, Maynard, Miles, Mor-
ull, Edward Joy Mouia, Isaac N. Mortis, Fieeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Motse, Mott, Murray. Nichols, Olm,
Palmer. Parker. Phillips, Pike. Potter, Pottle. Pmviance.
lleadj, llieaud, Ritchie. Bobbins, Robeits, RulRn. Ru^-ell,
Scott. Aaion Shaw, Judson VV Sheiman. Sickles Robert
Smith, Spinner, James A. Stewait, Tappan. Miles Ta\ior,
Thompson, CJndeiwood, Wade, Walbndye, Ward, Cadwal-
aderC. Washburn,Eliihu B. W.t^hbunusieiacl Wa-dtbuin.
Watkins,, WiUon, Window, Wood, Woodson, Woiten-
dyke, and Zoliieoffer—-116.
NAYS—Messrs Atkins Barksdnle, Bingham, Bonhaiu,
Buffinton. Burnett, Horace F. Claik, John B Ciaik, Clay,
Cockerill, James Ctaig, Burton Craige, Ctawford. Curtv,
Davis of Indiana, Dowdeli, Eduiund^on, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Foley, Gaineti, GrUtrell, Gtangei. Gn-enwood,
Gtcgg, Gio«'«.beek, Grover, Lawienee W. Hr.il, Hasdiin,
Hickman. Houston, Hughes, Jack-on, Jenkins, Jewett,
George VV. Jones, Kent, Ivnapp, Lamar, Leidy, Leitei,
Letohei, McQueen. Million, Montgomery, Moore*. Niblack,
Pendleton, Pettit. Peyton, John S. Phelps Wi'iiuM# W. i
Phelps, Powell, lleagan. Ketily, Rovce. S.indulge. SfS'vayo, |
Scale.-, Sewaid. llenr\ Ah Shaw. John S!h:ui,u>. Siiojt<-r, j
Sniiileton, Samuel A * muh. Wi'h.iin Sipiih, Si.'iiwoith, '
Stanton, Steven.-on, Wi'lsum a. r. Tl..v. < > .Toinnkms, i
Yallamhgham. Wi.'ce, \\ a'dioii, Walton. White, Wnite- !
lc}, AuguMu* B. Wiiglu, and John V. Wiujlit—S3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the iolh
Mr. POTTLE stated tlrat Mr. Leach was
89
absent from the House on account of indisposi-
tion.
Mr. ANDERSON stated that Mr. Cox was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. HATCH. This amendment does not
affect the Buffalo post office at all; but I am op-
posed to the course of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in defeating the will and the laws of Con-
gress, and I vote "ay."
The result having been announced as abnye
recorded, the bill wax ordered to be engro^pd
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—ye^is 108, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A drain, Ahl, Anderson, Airiold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr. Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie,
Boyee, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie.Cavamiugh,
John B.Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Coekerill. Corning,
James Craig, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Dick, Dimnnck, Dowdeli. EdmundsoivEihott,
English, Faulkner, Foley, Garticll, Gilhs, Gilmer, Green-
wood, Greg«, Groesbeck. Grover, Lawience W. Hail. Har-
ris, Hatch,Hawkins, Hill,Hodges,Hopkins. Hoiton, How-
ard,Hughes, Huj ler, Jackson, Jewett, hcitt,Lamar, Landy,
Macla\, Mcliibbin, Mcitae, Humplney Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Milison, Morrill. Isaac Nr.
Moms, Mott, Nibluck, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps,Powell,Ready.Reagan,Rieaud, Puffin,
ftu&sell, Sundidge, SaAgo, Scott, Aaion Shaw, Sickle*,
Singleton, Robert Smrth. Samuel A. Smith. Stephen^, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Mileo Tavlor, Under-
wood, Valhuidigham, Vance, Ward, Watkm-, WhiuJey.
Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, Wouendvke, Augu.-tus iL
Wright. John V. Wnght, and Zolhcofier— ibe.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Andrewj-, Bingham, Blair,Bliss,
Biayton, Buffinton, Burlingarne, Cas-e, Chaffee, <."hapmaii,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Cobb, Conlin^, Covode, Cragin,
Burton Ciaige, Crawfoid, Curtis Davis of Ma^achusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dtnvus, Dean, Dodd, Dm fee, Edie, Farno-
worth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Garnett, Gidditigri, Oil-
man, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Ha km, Hickman, Board, Hoi^ton, Jenkins,
George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kmm, Kellogg, Kelsej,
Kilgore, Knapp, John C. KunkeJ, Jjeidv, Leiter, Letcher,
Jjovpioy, McQueen, Mason, Montgomery, Moore, Edward
I®hiS Fieeman II. Morse, Oiivei A. Morse, Murray,
Joy
Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Potter^
Pottle, Purviance, Reilly, Ritctue, Robbing, Robot ts,Royce,
Scales, Seward. Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman. Shorttr, Spnmcr, Stallworth, Stanton, Wil-
liam Stewart, Tappan, Thayei, Thompson, Tompkins,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, and
Wilson—104.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ENGLISH said: Before the result is an-
nounced, I desire to inquire of the Chair whether,
if the bill is rejected, it will be in order to move
to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then it will entirely defeat
all appropriations for the service of the Post Of-
fice Department.
* Mr. SEWARD. A new bill can be got up in
five minutes.
Mr. EUSTIS stated that, if he had pres-
ent when his name was called, he shuuid have
voted "ay."
Mr. CLARK P . COCHRANE stated that if
he had been present when his name wjs called, he
should have voted "no."
The result was announced as abow recorded.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouu. I utidustand that
it is the decision of the Chair that no motion to
reconsider is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then the bill can
be immediately sent to the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, rrporD'd that the eouimutoe had ex-
amined and found tiulv emolU d:
An act (II. R. No. 457) for the iclicf of Ken-
nedy O'Buen; and
An act (H. It. No. 803) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act authorizing repayment for land er-
roneously sold by the United States."
When the Speaker signed the same.
TARIFF PROPOSITIONS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a bill relating to the tariff.
Mr. McGLUEEN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Objection being
made, I move to suspend the rules, to enable me
to report from the Committee of Ways and Means
! a bill reinstating the rates of duty imposed by the
t act of 3(Jth July, 1846, for a limited period.
| Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the chair-
i man of the Committee of Ways and Means if the
i committee have authorized him to make any re-
1 port in regard to the tariff bill?
i Mr. ADRAIN. Let the bill he read.
I The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
| Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
\ of the United States of Amcricaiix Congress assembled, That
the opeiation and effect of the first, second, and third sec-
tions of the act entitled u An act reducing the duty on im-
poits and for other purposes," approved ivfarch 3, 1857, are
hereby suspended for the term of three years from and after
I the 30th day of June. 1859, and no loncer; and that, from
j and after the saul 30th day of June, 1859. the rates of duty
; pre^cubed in the act entitled " An act reducing the duty on
imports, and tor other purposes," approved 30ili July,1846,
I shall be levied and collected according to the provisions of
the itttt-named act, for the term of three years, and no
longer.
See. 2. .find he it, further enacted, That all goods, ware?,
and merchandise, winch shall he in the public stores on the
1st day of July, 1859, shall be subject, on entry thereof for
consumption, to the duties prescribed by tins act.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. In order to pre-
sent the matter fairly before the House, i desire
also to lmve read at the Clerk's desk a resolution
adopted by the Committee of Ways and Means,
which is a portion of the report.
The resolution was read, as follows:
"Resolved^ That the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means be authorized to report a bill for the modifica-
tion of the tariff; and that Mr. Morrill be authorized to
report a substitute therefor providing for a loan and mod-
ification of the tanff. and that any other mcmbci may have
the opportunity to offei amendments; and also that the chair-
man or'the committee move in the House foi a suspena^n
of the rules m order to introduce the foregoing mea&ures at
the earliest piactieable moment."
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order.
My question of order is, that the resolution which
the Clerk has just read shows the fact that the
committee has not agreed to make a report to this
House of a tariff bill, and that the committee can-
not report nine tariff bills. This proposition is to
report, in the first place, the tariff bill of the chair-
man; and next, the bill of Mr. Morrill; and, in
the next place, any othcy^ bills as substitutes. I
submit that the committee •can make no such re-
port.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Can the ques-
tion of order be made at this time? The motion,
as f understand it, is to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
question of order is involved, as the motion is to
suspend the rules to enable the gentleman from
Missouri to submit this report from the Commit-
tee of Wavsand Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Weil, but if
the rules are suspended there will be no rule op-
erating that would prevent the members of the
: Committee of Ways and Means from carrying
out that resolution, or any other they may see fit.
| The SPEAKER. The specific proposition of
j the gentleman from Missouri is to suspend the
j ruips, so as to enable him to report from the Com-
' mittee of Way.- and Means, the bill which has
; been read.
! Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I hope that,
; befoic the vote is taken on the motion to suspend
■ the rules, the propositions of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr Morrill] and the gentleman from
, Pcnnsyh.inia [Mr. Phillips] will be read.
| Mi. BPRNRTT. I desire to ask the gentle-
, man from .Missouri a and my vote will
i depend on his answer. 1 desire to ark the gen-
! tieman from Missouri whether it is his purpose,
i if the rules are suspended and his bill is reported,
