1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
object we have in view, I am willing to accept it
in that shape. But if it be so wrong—and I would
warn the Senator from California upon this point
—if it be so wrong and so objectionable to name
an eastern terminus, why is it right and proper
to name San Francisco as the terminus upon the
Pacific ocean ? There is good reason for the one,
and there is good reason for the other. If it is to be
a floating, uncertain matter with regard to its oast'
crn location, let it be floating and uncertain on the
Pacific ocean also. Why not take the range fiom
Puget Sound down to the head of the Gulf'of Cal-
ifornia? I believe that the Senator from California
is right in locating it about San Francisco, for that
is the great center of business on the Pacific slope.
When the road shall be built, and m successful
operation, troops and munitions of war, the
mails, and other service of the Government, can
readily be brought to that point. In that respect
the route strikes at the center of our possessions
on the Pacific ocean; and so it ought, on the same
principle, to strike at the center of the valley of
the Mississippi.
I will make an additional remark for the reflec-
tion of eastern Senators; for I have come to that
point when I look at Eastand West, and pass be-
yond the first lesson which looks only at North
and South. A road, according to the plan 1 pro-
pose for the location of the main trunk, will be
as convenient for Boston, New York, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, Washington city, Fredericks-
burg, Petersburg, Norfolk, Richmond, Raleigh,
Chaileston, and Savannah, as almost any other
road you can possibly name; and not only as con-
venient, but as short. You cannot construct a
northern road from the Pacific ocean so as to reach
the city of New York on any shorter line than
by a road through the State of Missouri to San
Francisco. If we be thus happily circumstanced;
if the favorable position of the State of Missouri
be such that all interests concentrate and point to
it as the eastern terminus, why not locate the road
there? I propose to throw a branch south, to
accomodate New Orleans and southern trade, in
its incidental benefits, and to add to the direct
benefit of the Government, so far as we may call
for munitions. So with the North. I propose to
stretch out an arm, reaching up to Sioux City,
which connects with the system of railroads reach-
ing to Chicago, Buffalo, and the northern cities.
If we want accommodation, if we want to come
to specific points, so as to act understandmsjly,
and leave no one to be mistaken or deceived in
regard to what the road will be if made, it seems
to me that the proposition which I intend to sub-
mit commends itself to the consideration of Sen-
ators.
Why, sir, we already have a system of rail-
roads from the eastern border to the Mississippi
valley, north and south; and, therefore, the main
point is to connect that valley with the Pacific.
It is not to connect the eastern border with that
ocean, but to supply a present hiatus in the line
of road between the Mississippi and tHe Pacific.
We have a system of roads through Missouri;
through Illinois, through Indiana, and this grand
trunk coming, as in all probability it will, to the
center of the State of Missouri, and to the city of
St. Louis, is in the line of commerce with the
.cities of Indianapolis, Cincinnati,Wheeling, Pitts-
burg, and the eastern cities I have named. Is it
to accommodate, in ffe incidental commercial ben-
efits, a majority of this vast Union that we desire
to make a road; and is it from these same locali-
ties that the Government desire's to make use of
it? If so, this is just the kintl of proposition
which we ought to adopt.
I have named as the connecting point the one
hundred and second degtee of west longitude.
That is a little west of the great northern bend of
the Canadian river, if it should go on that route.
It is about as far west, I think, as Fort Laramie,
if it should go on that i oute, Let it go on which-
ever may be found to be the best. Whichever
may be found to afford the most advantages, I am
wilting should be adopted; because if the termina-
tion be right, making it no longer, no more ex-
pensive, the benefits resulting aie just as much to
the State of Missouri, to Iowa, and to all the other
States of the Mississippi valley, whether it goes
by the South Pass or the Pass of Anton-Clnco. I
believe, from the information I have on the sub-
ject, that the route by Aibnqueique, by the Antoii-
"Clnco pass, and by the Zufii valleys, acrodb the
Colorado, and through the Tejon pass, is the best
route; but that is a mere matter of opinion. I ex-
ceedingly doubt whether it be possible, by way of
the South Pass, up near the forty-second degree
of north latitude, after you shall have reached the
Sierra Nevada, to penetrate that mountain; and if
not—and some of the best explorers of our west-
ern territory have told me it was impossible—you
are then compelled to deflect to the south, and
reach the Pacific by way of the Tejon pass. That
makes it worse than to set out at once for the pur-
pose of connecting at Albuquerque. But why this
detail? What is<die necessity of ridiculing one
route or the other, of showing that the one has
more gentle grades, slighter curves, and can be
run to more advantage than the other, if we can-
not a°ree upon the greater points involved in the
consideration of the subject?
For one, I would not vote a dollar for a road
which would not answer the purposes for which
the road alone would be desired by the Govern-
ment, and I must know where that route is to be
located; at least I must have a certain limit fixed,
and believe that anywhere.within that limit the
end I have in view can be accomplished, else I
cannot vote for it at all; not thatmy choice must
prevail, not thatan individual opinion of mine is to
be set against the opinion of the Senate, but that
it is utterly impossible for me, viewing the subject
in a limited view, as I must, to decide the ques-
tion whether it be necessary and proper for the
Government, until I see where it is proposed to
be constructed.
Now, Mr. President, I hope that this motion to
recommit will not prevail. It will be equivalent
to a declaration to the country that we shall not
pass any bill on this subjectat the present session.
Hence I shall vote against that proposition, and
then I shall vote for and against the amendments
pending, as 1 think they harmonize with the gen-
eral class of views which I have briefly presented;
and when tiie proper time comes, I shall move
the amendment I have stated, and I name it now
in order that Senators may vote down others,
believing this to be more acceptable and butter
calculated to accomplish what we all desire to see^
accomplished, than any other proposition which
has as yet been submitted.
Mr BIGLER. It is not my intention, Mr.
President, to enter into the discussion of this
question of routes. I desire to avoid that as much
as possible. We must all feel, however, the force
of the views presented by the Senator from Mis-
souri, so far as relates to the success of the bill;
and I have very little doubt that his proposition
will com'rnaud.a very respectable, if not a con-
trolling, vote in this body. I do not intend to
commit, myself either for it or against it at this
time. But, sir, tins measure certainly involves
two systems of constructing a railroad. I would
not be willing to go the same length for the con-
struction of a railroad through the aliuvial coun-
try—through thatregion winch invites population,
where the farmer and the mechanic can go—that
I would for the main trunk through the mount-
ain regions. I regard the difficulties presented by
the mountain range as the distinguishing charac-
tenstic of this work. In that are found the pro-
priety and the rightful authority for the action of
Congress, to a considerable extent. It is becausc
we encounter an impediment between the eastern
and western divisions of our great country, which
ordinary means cannot overcome, that the Gov-
ernment is expected and required to extend its
strong arm.
Now, sir, I hope the friends of this measure
will not be diverted by various and dissimilar
propositions which may be presented. My ob-
ject in rising is to endeavor, if possible, to over-
conic the difficulties which I presented to some
extent myself, the other day, and on which the
.Senator from Massachusetts'[Mr. Wilsox] yes-
terday dwelt at length—I think too much so, in-
deed. I think he put entirely too much stress on
the idea that the road cannot be operated when it
shall be constructed. I agree that so far as his
calculations were concerned, they cannot be gam-
saved; butthe Senator might have said very much
to "relieve the ngtd force of the picture which he
presented. I claim that this would be the avenue
for all the travel, the avenue for the mails, for
com, for all fine goods from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. Then, sir, as was properly remarked by
the Senator fiom Missouri, so far as conccrns
ordinary trade and commerce, it is not to carry,
goods frorfi the Atlantic cities to the Pacific; but
from St. Louis or Leavenworth, or the greatest
commercial points in the West. Besides, the road
will beget business. It will carry with it popu-
lation. It will be not only certain, but it will be
necessary to convey into the interior all the goods
that can be consumed, and in turn bring the pro-
ducts of that region to market, east or west, as
the case may be.
But, sir, to the point. The difficulty in the way
of the measure proposed by the committee seems
to be this: that it offers inducements which may
he entirely sufficient for the eastern and western
divisions, but which are manifestly insufficient so
far as relates to the middle division—the mount-
ain region. For instance, the contractors could
a^ord, in view of the value of the lands on the
eastern and western divisions, to make the work
there and abandon it so soon as they approached
the mountains at either the eastern or western
side. The bill provides that the road shall be con-
structed in sections of-twenty-five miles; that the
land on each side for twenty miles shall be set
apart for that purpose; that the contractors shall
get $312,500, reimbursable in mail scrvice, on each
section; one fourth of the land on each section isto
be retained until another section is completed, and
then the retained quarter is to be conveyed to the
contractors. Thus you will perceive that when
they reach the mountain region from eithereastor
west, the only forfeiture to be incurred for an
abandonment of the work is thft one fourth of the
land on one section, which would be about three
thousand acres.
I have prepared an amendment, which I shall
offer at the proper time, which supersedes the
main features of this bill. It sets out by provid-
ing that the road shall be divided into three grand
divisions, known as the caatern, western,and mid-
dle, and then subdivided into sections of twenty-
five miles each. These great divisions are to be
of equal length, and the provisions of the original
bill giving the land for twenty miles on each side
will still apply to the eastern and western divis-
ions. The bill, as it now is in reference to mail
service, will also apply; but neither of these fea-
tures will apply to the middle division. In ref-
ence to that, my amendment provides that as each
section of twenty-five miles shall be completed,
the President shall issue bonds to the contractors
to the extent of $25,000 per mile, the bonds so
issued to become a lien on the whole road, from
one extremity to the other; and that as each sec-
tion shall be completed on either the eastern or
western division, three fourths of the land shall
be conveyed to the contractors, the remaining one
fourth to be retained for the completion of the
middle division. It is also provided that when a
section of twenty-five miles on the middle, divi-
sion shall be completed, the President shall issue
the bonds as I have already stated, and shall con-
vey to the contractors the remaining quarter of
land on the eastern or western sections first com-
pleted, and so on until the whole amount is con-
veyed, and the road completed.
The object of this amendment is to secure the
construction of the road; is as far as possible to
overcome the motive which might be presented to
construct the eastern and western divisions, and
then abandon the work. I shall not, however,
detain the Senate further at present, for I do not
intend to offer my amendment until the vote on
the pending question shall have been taken; but
like the Senator from Missouri, I am anxious to
indicate in advance what that amendment is; to
show that it will, at least to some extent, over-
come the difficulty which 1 first presented myself,
and which the Senator from Massachusetts yes-
terday pressed as fatal to this measure.
Mi. BROWN. There is a single point which
was presented by the Senator from Missouri that
I desire to notice. That Senator and myself have
generally agreed on questions involving constitu-
tionallaw. If I understood him this morning, he
enunciated that, if the railroad was shown to be
nccessary and proper for the use of the Govern-
ment, the question of constitutional power was
thereby settled, and we had the right to construct
it. If I understand the Senator aright, I dissent
from him. If there be an overruling necessity,
a necessity winch is not to be dispensed with, o
necessity which involves the integrity of the Gov-
ernment, then I would be with the Senator; but
