328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
it is not every necessity, however small, however
inconsiderable, that can confer upon Congress this
important constitutional power. Why,sir, is not
a railroad necessary to carry the mail from here
to Marlboro', m the State of Maryland ? Has
Congress the power to construct it? May not a
railroad become necessary to carry munitions of
war from here to any poinfein the Union which
may be named, north, south, east, or west; and
becausc there may be a contingent necessity for
it growing up in the future, do you thereby ob-
tain the constitutional power to make it? I hold
that the necessity must be, if not immediate, so
probable that a reasonable amount of foiecast
would see that it must arise; and then you must
calculate the importance to the Government of the
road, in comparison with the cost of it, before you
can exercise this power. To tell me that this road
will be a convenience to the Government, that^
mail may be carried a little quickcr over it, that
by some mere possibility you may have a war and
desire to carry troops over it, and that, thereby
you dispose of the whole constitutional question,
js telling me in reference to this road precisely
what you could tell me in reference to any and
every other road in any part of the country. Sir,
if you can construct a railroad to carry a mail to
the Pacific, why cannot you construct a railroad
to carry itto the Gulf of Mexico oranywheie else?
As I said before, if because, by possibility in the
future, a necessity, may arise to carry troops over
this railroad, you may therefore acquire the power
to build it, why does not the same argument ap-
ply to every other railroad r Is there anything in
the special condition of this road which gives it
advantages or claims over any other?
1 hold that the necessity must either be imme-
diate and piessmg, or it must be so piobable that
a prudent, discreet man, foreseeing tiiat it would
come, would prepare foi it, and then the necessity
must be equal to the cost. Two or three hundred
million dollars to build a railroad to the Pacific!
For what? To carry the mail. Cannot you carry
it by some other conveyance, if a little slower, at
very much less cost? Two or thicc hundred mil-
lion dollars to carry munitions of war and tioops
—men of straw! Who knows that you will ever
need to carry a solitary troop over the road,even
if you had it built? Who knows that there will
ever be occasion to carry munitions of war over
it? This is a contingency that may or may not
arise as the circumstances and condition of the
country may change. And yet, my State-rights,
strict-construction friend frorri Missouri, who has
always stood by me upon constitutional points
heretofore, has got his own consent to go for this
road, because he thinks it necessary and proper.
Why, sir, there is no proposition so monstnms
in the way of appropriations by the Fedora! Gov-
ernment lor woi ks of internal improvement, which
could not be carried tlnough Congiess upon the
same plea, that they aie necessaiy and proper.
Whate\ei is necessary and proper ought to be
done, provided the cost of doing it does not greatly
exceed the necessity for the thing, and the pro-
priety of making the appropriation. Because you
may need a raihoad for mail purposes, and war
purposes; bccausethat might be a little more con-
venient to carry your troops, if you had to carry
them at all, than a plain wagon road, and a little
more convenient to carry the mail than the wagon
route, or the ocean route, are you thereby to be
fully invested with power to bankrupt at least ten
such Treasuries as you have got now? Are the
people of this country to be1 made togroan, through
all time to come, under a national debt as onerous
to them as the national debt of England is to that
people? and all because you can carry a mail a
little faster on a railroad, and may by possibility
want to send troops and munitions of war over it ?
i can, Mr. President, in conclusion, but express
my astonishment that a gentleman so apt to be
right on questions of constitutional law as my
friend fiom Missoun, should so far have strayed,
as I conceive, from the true path on this point.
Mr. GREEN. It is not my habit to undertake
to settle great constitutional questions in an inci-
dental debate. I am very sorry that the Senator
from Mississippi and myself have to part com-
pany at all; but he ought not to complain, if we
separate on this subject, for this reason: one of
the Senators from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] coin-
cides with me; therefore I have half of that State;
J have all of my State; he is iuthe little minority
that is left. I think, then, I ought to express my
regret at his departure, rather than he express
his regret at the departure of three Senators, his
equals. He reminds me of that one member of
a jury who said the eleven were very contrary.
But, sir, what is there in the proposition, as he
presents it? Does it conflict with the position
that I took? He confounds a part of the argu-
ment, depending upon the propriety, with another
part, which is essential to make it constitutional.
Thus, the Constitution gives Congress express
authority to pass all laws" which are necessary
and proper to carry into effect.the granted pow-
ers, and all other powers vested by the Consti-
tution in the Federal Government. Congress,
therefore, has authority to pass all laws that are
necessary and proper to carry into effect any con-
stitutional grant of authority. Is it necessary to
make this road? It may be necessary, or may
not be, says the Senator; future remote contin-
gencies might make it useful; but, until those
contingencies arise, it would not be necessary.
By virtue of what authority did he vote money to
build Fort Monroe ? There has never been a bat-
tle fought there since the fort was built. Must
we wait until the invading army lands upon our
shores, arid we hear the sound of warm ourears,
before it becomes necessary to build a fort? Can
an argument like that be sustained ? There is no
grant of power to build a fort contained in the
Constitution in express terms; there is power to
provide and maintain a Navy expressly; there is
power to build a fort, but it is couched m the
terms I have quoted, to wit, the clause giving au-
thority to do what is necessary and proper to
carry out the granted powers. The Senator sug-
gests that the authority is contained in the power
to provide for the common defense; but can you
dt.fend anything when there is no attack?
Mr. BROWN. You can provide for it.
Mr. G REEN. Do you say there is powergiven
to Congi ess to do whatever it may think wdl tend
to promote the common defense of the country ?
If the Senator holds that docti me I join issue with
him. I hold that it must promote the general
defense in the exorcise of the particular powers
granted m the Constitution; and we cannot con-
sider the propriety,or the necessity,or the adap-
tation of any other means, except those provided
for in the Constitution.
But, aay  he, are we to spend two or three hun-
dred million dollars for this road ? Why, sir, that
depends upon the question winch I presented; it
enters into the consideration of the propriety of
it. It is not necessary, according to my under-
standing, nor is it proper, to spend two or three
hundred million dollars. 1 think "the cost of it
would be too great if it went to that extent, and
the bill now before the Senate does not ptopose
to do it; it proposes to lend a little assistance.
The Senator asks, could we not build railroads
from here to Fred< i icksburg, or other little places,
because the Government may make use of them ?
1 answer, no. VVhy ? Because it is not necessary
and proper, for the reason that we know there are
inducements and interests and facilities which
will lead pnvate capital to make those roads to
meet the wants of theGoveinment; and although
the Government may need such roads, the exi-
gency is not so pressing, and the absence of other
means for their constiuction is not so evident, as
to justify Congress m saying it would be neces-
sary and proper for the Government to undertake
the work.
Take the same principle and apply it to the
Pacific road. We know, from the character of
the country through which it is to pass, that pri-
vate capital and interest never can make that road.
Yet we know there is an urgent necessity for it
in order to prepare for the defense of the Pacific
coast; because, by it, troops can be thrown from
point to point, and thus collect together a body
of men that always can defend that region, rather
than maintain an expensive standing army. We
cannot give up that country. We intend to pro-
tect it. We are now consulting the most eco-
nomical means of defending it. it is a matter of
economy, instead of keeping a strong standing
army at that distant point, to make this road, to
extend a little aid towards it, just enough to in-
sure us completion. I am willing to admit that
there may be cases—I have never seen one, but
there may be cases—iu which the Government
The exigency might be great enough; the neces-
sity might be strong enough; the propriety of it
might be palpable enough; and in that case it
would be constitutional. General Gaines at one
time proposed a system of railroads as a means
for the defense of the country, rather than to keep
a large standing army.
In this instance, however, that necessity to
make the road at the expense of the Federal
Treasury atone does not exist according to my
understanding. It is, therefore, proposed simply
to hold out additional inducements, such as the
face of the country does not present—such as tfye
prospective profit from the transportation of mer-
chandise does not present — for private capital
to take hold of the work, and with this aid in-
sure the completion of the road for the uses and
purposes of the Government. It thus becomes a
means, a useful means, of enabling us to dispense
with a large class of standing forces which would
otherwise be required, and is a saving to the pub-
lic Treasury.
We must anticipate coming events; and we
must provide for contingencies before those con-
tingencies arise. We must arm and equip our
militia; we must provide a system of drilling for
our train bands; we must erect our forts; and as
we see the necessity of being provided with the
means of throwing in this military power for the
protection of California, we must assist private
capital as far as is necessary to induce it to make
that provision for us. It was a wise maxirt) of a
man wiser than us, 4< A prudent man foreseeth
the evil and hideth himself; but the simple pass on,
and arc punished." We are foreseeing evils that
may arise upon the coast of California; and, as
prudence dictates, we are seeking to provide for
them. We are only going to the limited extent
which is essential to induce private capital to em-
bark in the enterprise. To that extent we not
only have a right to go, but we ought to go."The
possession and the defense of our Pacific posses-
sions create a necessity strong enough for it.
When, you ask, is it proper? It depends on the
amount of necessity whether it will be justifiable
or not; whether its uses to the Government will
make it a matter of propriety to engage in it—just
! as building a fort at the mouth of any creek. I
| should not vote a dollar to build a fort where one
I was not wanted, because it would not be neces-
| sary or proper to defend the country, to suppress
: a rebellion, or to prevent insurrection, or any-
I thing of the kind.
! There must be a reasonable view taken of these
j subjects; and I think when the Senator from Mis-
i sissippi comes to look at the position which I have
j taken, and the position which he has taken,and
I reduce them both down to their simple elements,
! them will be but little difference between us. He
j argues that this measuic is not constitutional be-
' cause it is not proper. I have already said it must
I be both necessary and proper in Older to be con-
' stitutional. He corrects me, and says he did not
| make suoh an argument. Very well; I may have
| misunderstood him; but if that was not the drift
1 of his- argument, I certainly misundeistood the
| force of language. This bill proposes to advance
| about twemy-five million dollais, 1 believe. The
Senator's colleague thinks $10,01)0,000 of aid by
the Government, with the land that is proposed
to be given as another inducement to capitalists*
I to take hold of the work, will be sufficient. If it
j be sufficient, I prefer that limitation: and it is my
' duty as a Senator to vote for it. The smallest
I amount of draft ou the public Treasury that will
msuie the completion of the woikitis my duty
j to support, because beyond that it is not pioper;
i beyond that it is not a necessary and proper means
I to provide for the wants of the Government. To
| that extent it is necessary and proper in the pecu-
i liai contingency which places California as she is
in her relation to the rest of the Union, making it
so imperative that she sho*uld have a speedy means
of communication with us. So far as the carrying
of the mail is concei ned, it is only thrown into the
bill because we know the mail will be carried by
this means, and because we know that the l^oad
will charge for its transportation. The limitation
is that we shall pay no more than the highest rate,
or the average rate—t do not recollect the lan-
guage of the bill—now paid to other routes for
like service. This road is not buiit for the pur-
pose of making it a mail road; but, as it is built
for the defense of the country,we make Che carry-
