1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
then to permit a vote to be taken upon the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] for the introduction of which amotion was
made last Monday to suspend the rules; and if
that fails, then to permit the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Phillips] to introduce his bill, and
have a vote taken upon it ? Is that to be the or-
der of proceeding if the rules are suspended ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I answer no. I
move to suspend the rules to enable me to report
the bill which has been read. Under the rules,
that bill, if introduced, must go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
amendments may be offered. It is not my pur-
pose, so far as I am concerned, to accept any
amendments.
Mr. MILES. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Well, sir, I have
to say that I shall give no individual consent to
any amendment, but when the bill shall have
been referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, all these amendments can
be offered.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, made a re-
mark which, in the confusion prevailing in the
Hall, was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the consent of the
House to propound an interrogatory to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
Mr. HICICMAN. 1 object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose I have the right
to have the resolution read, in order to ascertain
whether the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, embraces also the bill of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr, Morbill.]
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri includes no such thing.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Speaker indulge
me in the reading of the resolution, and I can
then judge for myself.
Mr. BLISS. 1 object to the reading.
Mr. MOORE made two or three remarks which
were not heard by the reporter in consequence of
the shouts of "Order!" and confusion which pre-
vailed in the Hall.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The point of order which
I made, and which I ask the Chair to decide, is,
that the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is to give hicn permission to report not only
his bill, but also the bill of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Mobiuli.,] and the bills of every
m^nber of the committer, if every member shall
choose to introduce one; and that it is not com-
petent for him to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has submitted no resolution to the House;
he submitted a motion, simply, to suspend the
rules for the purpose of enabling him to introduce
the bill which has been read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is certainly not the
proposition; and I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, the Chair will sec
that the construction I gave was the correct one:
that, it is to give permission to introduce all these
bills.
Mr. CRAIGE. Yes sir; it is an attempt to
practice a fraud upon the House.
Mr. LETCHER. As 1 understand it, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means agreed upon that res-
olution as a part of their report. It was agreed
to on my motion. The Committee of Way$ and
Means were unable to agree upon any bill which
they could report; and as the only report which
they could agree upon, i submitted this resolu-
tion, which was adopted in the Committee of
Ways and Means, anil me chairman was directed
to move to suspend the lules to introduce the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis- j
souri did not submit the resolution for the action
of the House. The gentleman sent the resolu-
tion up and had it read, and then moved to sus-
pend the rules to enable him to introduce the bill
which was read. That was the only proposition j
submitted by the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not so understand
it. I will withdraw my appeal.
tylr. lyiARSHALL, of Kentucky. It occurs
tQ my rninj ths-P f)ii? resolution comes more prop-
erly as the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means; The committee can authorize the gen-
tleman from Missouri to report such a resolution
and I think that has been clearly the action of the
committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER# The Chair thinks it is com-
petent for the majority of the Committee of Ways
and Means to report such a resolution. The gen-
tleman from Missouri rose and stated that he was
authorized by the Committee of Ways and Means
to move to suspend the rules to introduce the bill
which he indicated. The Chair is bound to con-
clude that the committee did authorize the gentle-
man to report the bill unless the question is raised,
when gentlemen must present their evidence, and
the Chair will have to decide.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think the resolution
wmch has been read, as adopted by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, settles that question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether he was
authorized to report the bill which has been read,
by the committee?
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to in-
quire of the Chair whether, in case the rules are
suspended, and the gentleman from Missouri has
leave to introduce his bill, when that bill is before
the House will it be in order for the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to move his bill
as an amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the rules are suspended,
and the gentleman from Missouri introduces his
bill, the Chair will hold that the suspension of
the rules for the introduction of the bill will not
supersede the necessity of referring the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
when any amendment may be offered that any
gentleman may see fit to propose.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire (p propound a ques-
tion to the Chair. Here is an issue, as I under-
stand it, made up between the gentlemen who
compose the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I make no issue about the
matter of fact. I rely on the resolution of the
committee, which is bef&re the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that fully. The
point is not understood upon which I want in-
formation. Three members of the Committee of
Ways and Means state that the resolution which
was read at the Clerk's desk constitutes .a of
the report made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Now, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means offers a
bill, which was read by its title at the Clerk's
desk, and asks a suspension of the rules for its
introduction. These gentlemen say that.that is not
a full report of what the committee authorized
the chairman to make.
Mr. LETCHER. That is my understanding.
Mr. BURNETT. I hold that this House has
a right to know what was the action of that com-
mittee, and what they are authorized to report
here. I hold that the chairman of that committee
has no right to make a partial report. The only
way this fact can be decided is by the journal of
that committee, or any other evidence which will
show to the House what report has been author-
ized to be made. I hold that we have a right to
know it. Here are gentlemen who say that that
is not the repoit the gentleman from Missouri
was authorized to make; who say that he has
not complied with the order of the committee under
that resolution, which was to constitute a part of
the repoit? He comes here and offers a particu-
lar bill, and upon that bill asks a suspension of
the rules. 1 hold that we have a right to know,
as members of this House, what that committee
really did authorize.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I modify my mo-
tion so as to make a report from the committee
of Ways and Means, in pursuance of that resolu-
tion. 1 intended to accomplish that purpose,and
sent the resolution to show what the purpose is
that 1 design accomplishing. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules to enable me to submit a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means, in
pursuance of that resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The Committee of Ways and Means are author-
ized to report a bijj for the purpose of raising the
revenue. That is granted. Now, I hold that the
Committee of Ways and Means have no right,
under the rules of this House, by a system of
log-rolling, or if you do not like that word, by a
system of combination, to.make a report to this
House which will enable them to report nine bills;,
and that it is not in order for the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to make a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, in order to enable him
to pursue a course which allows, first, the chair-
man, then the gentleman from Vermont, and then
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to introduce,
each one of them, distinet^propositions, neither
one of which could command a majority of the
committee by itself. It will enable that commit-
tee to bring three propositions before the House,
emanating from the same committee, and for the
same purpose of raising revenue.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, this question
"was decided at the last session, by yourself, in
the case of the contested election of the Delegate
from Minnesota, after her admission as a State.
I made the point of order then, that that could not
be done. The Chair decided against me; and this
case is exactly analogous to that. The House
sustained the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. In response to the point of
order made by the gentleman from Kentucky, the
Chair will state that the proposition submitted
here is to suspend the very rules to which the gen-
tleman refers, which prevent the Committee of
Ways and Means from doing that which he says
they cannot do under the rules. If the House by
a two-thirds vote, in pursuance "of its rules, waive
that, so as to allow this to be done, the Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I make another point of
order. I go back behind the rules of the House,
and to the organization of the body itself, and the
organization of the committees, and the purposes
for which they are constituted. I take this po-
sition that there is no report here, none whatever.
I hold that there is nothing in the resolution sub-
mitted which amounts to a report coming from the
committee.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to know whether that is not the question of
order already made and decided?
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that the gentleman shall
state his.point without debate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I present the re-
port from the Committee of Ways and Means
just as it was adopted. I am but the organ of the
committee. •
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that; but I call
the Speaker's attention to this: that the writing
submitted, which purports to be a resolution, and
which is offered as a report, is not a report from
the committee'at all; that it shows, upon its face,
that it is not such a report for the introduction of
which this House can be asked to suspend its
rules: and why ? For the reason that it does not
'amount to a report at all. It offers three distinct
propositions; and the committee can only make
one report, and can only ask a suspension of the
rules for the introduction of one proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chc.ir has onlv to re-
peat the remark he made to the gentleman from
Kentucky: that the Committee of Ways and
Means would have no authority, under the rules
of the House, to submit a report of the character
of the one which is now presented. But the prop-
osition is to suspend the rules, so as to enable
them to do that. There is nothing but the rules
in the way to prevent their doing so. The com-
mittee is organized under the rules of the House;
and the purpose is to suspend every rule that
prevents their reporting this matter, and to allow
the other two reports to be submitted also.
Mr. BURNETT. Under the parliamentary
law, the committee cannot make this as a report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. McQUEEN. I rise to a question of order.
Theyihairman of the Committee of Ways and
MeaW moved to suspend the rules to report a
specific bill. He afterwards asked to amend that
proposition so as to have leave to present what
he calls a report, but which is denied by the Com-
mitttee of Ways and Means to be a report. It
is a proposition to suspend the rules for two dis-
tinct purposes; and I maintain that it is not in
order to provide in e((singlo motion for the intro-
