1859.
the congressional globe.
ins: of the mail one of its dutips, for we know the
mail will be earned by it, and we must anticipate
what these corporations might do if they had the
power; we must curb them, restrain them, limit
them. As we assist them in the construction of
the road, and afford them part of the means, they
ought not to have the power to oppress us after
they shall have completed the work; and the pro-
vision about the mails is put in to protect the
United States—not as a justification for lending
the aid to the capitalists who may engage in the
construotion of the work.
Mr. BROWN. I do not see, Mr. President,
that the proposition varies materially from very
many others we have had before us, except in ,
point of magnitude. If there is a book to be ,
printed which is to be an unprofitable job, Con- :
gross is asked to take it. So, if there is ft lail-
1-oad to be constructed m which nobody can be
induced to put money, Congress is asked to do it.
It is of a piece with about all of the |obs you are
asked to peiform. Whenever there is a matter
of expenditure that priva-te capital cannot be
tempted to take hold of, theie are those who
come'and ask the Government to do it; and all
manner of specious aiguments ore resorted to,
and cunningly put forth, not only to show that
you have the power to do it, but that you ought
to do it. I have so often combated the argument
of necessity that 1 felt little difficulty in present-
in"' what 1 thought was a clear and proper view
of"the subject to my friend from Missouri—that
because a matter was necessary in the judgment
of a Senator, it did not follow that he had the right
to vote money from the Treasury for the puipose
of carrying the object into execution. If what-
ever may be supposed to be necessary for the
Government may be bought by the Government;
if every work which is supposed to he beneficial ,,
to the Government in some remote degiee may j
be constructed by the Government; then 1 do not j;
know where your authority over the Treasury is ;
to stop. I cannot conceive of a work of improve- ;
ment, either in the nature of a canal, a railroad, ,
a river or harbor improvement, or any other, lj
which, under this specious plea of necessity, ,
might not be brought completely within the pur- |
view of the Constitution. I protest again to my j
honorable fiiend from Missouri, that the neces- ,
sity must be immediate, oi U must be so probable
as to be, to all reasonable comprehensions, likely to
happen. A mere remote or contingent necessity
—a supposed necessity—cannot be acted upon.
Resides, the necessity, I say again, must be
measured by the expense of constructing the
work. _ ,
Now, sir, cannot you carry your troops to Cal-
ifornia and your other Pacific possessions by
other means than a railroad ? 1 undertake to say
though boasting of no great military skill, cer-
tainly of no military position—that ynu have
already a better, safer, and cheaper, mode of car-
rying your troops and munitions of war. bup-
pose°you had your railroad alieady constructed; (
suppose you could strike the earth, as Moses |
struck the rock, and cause the road to rise from j
the earth; could you sustain it? Is there any ;
travel, is there any commerce, which, for a dis- ^
tance the length of that road, could keep it up, |;
even if you bad it constructed now and could have
it tor wishing it? I undei take to say there is not; ,
and 1 never yet heard a sensible man speak on i
the subject who pretended that there was. 1 hen,
this road is not only to be constructed by the ^
Government, if it is constructed at all—for all the :
friends of it say that private capital cannot be
tempted into it—but it is to be a burden on the ;
Treasury through all time to come; at least that :
portion of it which runs through the desert. I
If the traveling and commercial necessities o ,
the country require this road, it will be built; it
will be built as other railroads have been con-^
structed in other parts of the countiy. _ lenever
the commercial and traveling necessities of our;,
people justify the construction of such a raib oad,
private capital will be tempted from Us hiding
places, and will at once embark in the work.
When you needed a railroad from here to Lalti-
moie, private enterprise and private caPualJ;or>"
structed it. When you needed a railroad to Phil- ;
Eulelphia, to New York, to Boston, and ot.ier
places, the same agency came tonvaid and con-
structed it. Whenever you need a railroad to t re (
Pacific, that same potential ageney—miieh more
potential than yours—will come forward in the
, same manner to construct it there, ^ou have no
necessity for the road; you have no need of it; you
will not have, perhaps, for half a century to come.
Let it alone; keep the blighting hand of this Fed-
eral power off it. Sir, put your hand upon it, and
it will wither as under the noxious influence of a
Tnildew. The Government cannot construct the
road, though this bill might be passed by the
unanimous vote of this whole body. Why? You
would not be engaged six months in the expend-
iture of the money ."until the whole country would
be ringing with charges of corruption and fraud
; in carrying it on. We should hear resounding
| through the whole area of this vast Chamber de- j
j rnands, not only to withhold future appropna- i
I tions, but to arrest the whole work while we were
; investigating charges of fraud and corruption.
: Then, in two years the work which was done in i
[! the two years before would rot down. j
jj I had occasion the other day to remind the Sen-
I ate how long it took the Govei nment to construct j
i a turnpike fiom Cumberland to Wheeling, under j
j the lead of the master-mind of Henry Clay, the
great champion of internal improvements, backed
1 by a powerful political organization. I think this j
Government was near twenty years in construct- j
!! ing that little turnpike. Now you propose to |
i launch the Government in the great work of con- j
■' structing a Pacific railroad two thousand miles ;
long. If"you undertake it, you will delay the final |
j> completion of the work, for you will frighten pri- I
I vate capital away fiom it. Neither American nor i
| European capital is going to embark in an enter- j
!j prise like this, if you once put your hands upon ;
it. As settlements push forward, as the star of
empire leads, so will the construction of railroads
! follow. I have no doubt the day will come when
I the two great oceans will be linked together by
I an iron chain; but not by means like this. Leave
;! it where the construction of the New Orleans and
! New York railroads were left; leave it to that
j agency which has already constructed your rail-
!; roads from Montreal to the most southern extiem-
i iiy, and furthest extremity, of your western set-
tlements, and let it be done, little and little at a
time, by private enterprise. Let it be done just
as fast as real necessities, not the supposed ne-
cessities of the Government, but the leal necessi-
ties of the whole country, shall demand. Then it
will go noiselessly on, and the man now lives,
with a beard upon his face, who will traverse the
whole continent, from the Atlantic shore to the
Pacific, by n single line of railroad. These are
my opinions, and I shall act upon them.
Mr. PUGII. Mr. President, 1 required a di-
vision of the motion of the Senator from Georgia,
because I intend to vote tor the recommitment of j
tins bill, although I do not intend to vote for the i
instructions which lie proposed. Now, the Sen- I
ator from Missouri says, and the Senator from
Pennsylvania agrees with him, that to vote for 1
the recommitment of this bill is to declaie that
we will take no action upon the subject; I do not
so understand it.
Mr. B1GLER. The Senator is grea'ly mis-
taken; 1 uttered no such sentiment.
Mr. PUGH. Then I misapprehended the Sen-
ator. I thought he concurred with the Senator ,
from Missouri, who said that we must vote ;
against the recommitment, or otherwise we should
! be telling the country that no action would be had.
i 1 agree that by voting to recommit this lull, 1 dis-
tinctly signify that I will not vote for the bill in
1 its present shape; that it must be alteied before it
can command rny vote. That I do mean; but I
do not mean to say that there is no bill for which
j I will not vote. _
I Now, sir, what are we doing with tne i aciiic
railroad? As the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
I Brown] has truly said, if it is demanded for the
1 commercial or other interests of the country, it
! will be built by private enterprise. Tins bill pre-
. supposes that private enterprise will not build it;
1 otherwise we have no business with it here. Ihen,
on what ground do we justify ourselves? The
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] said yes-
1 terday, it was a necessity for the public defense;
' that in time of war, we stood in danger of losing
California and the Pacific coast; that we must
traverse this desert by our armies, by our mili-
tia, and' by our citizens going thither to st ttle, m
lia, iUlU OV uui
order that we might be able to protect.taat part
of the Confedciacy. Well, sir} if that be the ob-
ject, let us confine the hill to that proposition;
that is legitimate; everything else is illegitimate.
Let us see that the proposition which is submit-
ted to us will accomplish that object. For that
purpose, you should build your railroad across
the desert and the mountains, not through the fer-
tile plains of Kansas and Nebraska.
But, sir, according to my apprehension of the
bill reported by the select committee, the criticism
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] is certainly correct. The contractors under
it will never build the road across the desert or
the mountains. They will go on, section by sec-
tion, taking this princely endowment of the pub-
lic domain and of money that you give them per
mile, according to sections, and when they come
to the desert and the mountains, that is the place
where they will leave you in the*lurch. The very
time when you want these gentlemen is the time
you will not have them Any man can drive,
not merely a coach and four, but he can drive a
locomotive and an entire train of cars, through
a bill like this. You propose to endow them with
all this public domain, and they are to have it on
the construction of one section of twenty-five
miles. When they have finished that part,the
President of the United States is to convey to
them three fourths of all the public lands which
you have given to that extent; he reserves one
fourth to force them to go on with the next sec-
tion. They go on with the next section, arid
then they geuhe fourth which was reserved and
three fourths of the next section;and it is all very
nice until they come to the place where they do
not want the land, unul they come to the place
where the arid desert is, where they cannot sell
the land, where their land monopoly will not ena-
ble them to extort from the actual settler three or
four times the value of the property, and then
they will stop the road.
So with your money; as long as it is profitable
to build the railroad with the subsidy in money
provided by the bill, it will be built. I do not
know but that they will commence it at the east-
ern end; perhaps on the hordeisof the State of
Missouri, a great rich empire through which the
whole path of emigration from the eastern States
is passing. It will be very comfortable to com-
mence at°the mouth of the Kansas river, or at
anv other point on the Missouri river, and go
wekwardtyas long as the land is valuable, and as
long as the Government will give them money.
Perhaps they may commence, also at San l<ran-
cisco, and probably so. That is a large city; that
is the seat-of great commerce, and, no doubt, of
gieat trade with the interior; and they will carry
it from San Francisco eastward as long as it is
profitable. Well, sir, how are you going to com-
pel them to go on ? They absolutely deposit a
forfeit of $500,000 in stock. A great forfeit that
to make them go on ! But even that they draw
out. As fast as they satisfy us that they have
expended that amount, they are to get it back in
driblets of §10,000; and how long will it be be-
fore they will have it all back, and then where is
the forfeit?
It is my judgment, that a bill coulu not have
been framed so "well calculated for the purpose of
giving away the public domain, not to the actual
settler, but to those corporations who have blasted
some of the fairestStatesofthisUnion not merely
have taken possession of the land to the exclusion
of the actual settler, but have subsidized and de-
bauched the Legislatures of the States. I acknowl-
edge that that feature of this bill, giving away
the public lands with a lavish hand, is to me a
capital objection. I say with the* Senator from
Massachusetts, if you are to build the road on
the ground of public necessity,'if the emetgency
be so great as to require the Government of the
United States to take into its hands the construc-
tion of a railroad, and I confess it must be a vei y
great crisis, certainly, that could bring us to that,
if there be a crisis like that, let us build it with
the public money at once; not shirk our duty, not
attempt to palm off lands upon somebody else in
order to get somebody else to do our duty. It it
be our duty to build this road, let us build it
boldly; and if you desire to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the public lands along the xoute for ihat
i nurpose, adopt the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and issue your bonds bear-
I iu^ interest,and with the proceeds of these bonds
t «ru°on to make yttur road, antl reserve the public
