830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 12,
lands as a fund out of which those bonds shall
be redeemed.
I am not very sanguine as to the great benefits
to be immediately conferred by a bill, even if it
should be passed according to the views 1 have
indicated. 1 certainly agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts that this road will never carry any
great amount of freight. I think it is very likely
that the costof the charges for freight on any ar-
ticle of bulk would far exceed the value of the ar-
ticle by the time it had got from one"end of the
road to the other. I do not believe that the stock
of the road will ever be valuable or profitable, in
View of the passenger travel. We have a great
many railroads in my State, traversing it in every
direction; 1 think probably two thirds of the coun-
ty seats could be reached by  aihoads; and cer-
tainly no Suite of this Union affords fairer advant-
ages to railroad enterprise than the State of Ohio.
It is the only State in this Union which extends
from Mason and Dixon's line to Canada, and we
have a monopoly of the underground railroad,
amongotherthings, on thataccount. [Laughter.]
There is not a mountain ui it, from the hike to the
river, and the consequence is that nearly all the
gieat routes eastwaid and westwaid, from the
southwest to the northeast, puss hcioss our State.
ISew York and Philadelphia and Baltimore are all
connected with the South and the West through
my Sim ip. Timber is plenty; stone is plenty; there
is very liulr expenditure for grading; there are
very few tunnels. And yet I am free to declare
that the stock of our railroad* is worth nothing
at all; it is all sunk, with a few exceptions. Nor
do 1 believe that there are six railroads in the
State of Ohio that will ever pay more than the
first rnpi tgage bonds. They may, and 1 hope they
will; but Irom their present condition sucli is my
belief; and yet Senators talk about, the profits on
the stock of the Pacific railroad. Why, sir, you
had better put the minus mark before any esti-
mate thai the stock will ever be worth a cent.
It never will; it. is to be sunk. If it were not so,
the project would not be before Congress.
I say I am not sanguine on that point. The
argument then is, that we must make a railroad
now in advance of settlement, in advance of col-
onization, and befoie we know whether this is
the best way of getting to the Pacific. We as-
sume that, of course. We assume that we are the
wisest people that ever lived, that our children
and their descendants never will know any more
than we do. Some Senators can recollect when
the same glorification was made over turnpikes.
I believe half the Slates of the Union went crazy
about turnpikes; mine did, and put all her public
money m them. They were.considered the last
possible invention. After them came canals, and
I know New York and my State got into the
canal business to their heart's content; and this
very day the difficulty in our way is, what to do
with our canals. They run us into debt, head
over heels, every year. We are very much like
the man who won the elephant at a raille, who
had no place to put him, and nobody to take him.
Just at this present speaking, we do not know
any better method of travel than a railroad. 1 do
not know that there ever will be any better; but,
perhaps, when the population on both sides has
approached the arid desert of which the Senator
from M ississippi spoke, a railroad may not be the
best way to get across it, and probably all our in-
vestments in that legard would not amount to
any tiling.
However, it is now said that the danger is im-
minent; that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty down in
Central America is worse than a desert. I think
u is. I think we shall get through the desert
quicker than we shall ever get through that treaty;
and therefore, it is said, we must immediately
piovide for getting ftom the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific by railroad. Well, sir, what do we want
with these three roads to get there? What do we
want with the three prongs proposed? Is it to
log-roll the bill through? Is it that that there is
no great public necessity, but that each Senator
thinks if the bill can be made to suit his section
of country,or his State, he will vote for it? Well,
sir, I will vote for no such thing. 1 will vote for
no three roads, nor two roads; and none of these
piungs, 1 want that road which will accomplish
the purpose stated by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] and I vote for that because I
am satisfied that it expresses almost tli& unani-
mous sentiment of the people of my State, and
not because 1 have any great expectation that it
will be constructed very soon, or amount to much
after it is constructed. I think if we had the road
made to-day, the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] would have to bring in a special appro-
priation bill to pay the expense of running the
trains. As for the schemes which have been pro-*
posed to us, including the bill reported by the
select committee, which in my judgment is the
worst bill of all, I cannot vote /or any of them;
and therefore I desire ^o recommit the whole
measure, with a view that the committee may give
us something that is practicable, and at the same
time in accordance with the condition of the
Treasury, and the arguments which have been
urged in favor of the project.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose, Mr.
President, to detain the Senate at length, but sim-
ply to state the substance of the proposition that
seems the most practicable and the wisest to my-
self. Gentlemen may speak of building but one
railroad across the continent to the Pacific, but
there are m the minds of the Ameitcan public at
least three general lines already designated, and,
I may add, already in the process of construction.
There is the central route, starting from the Mis-
sissippi; there is the southern route, through
Texas, starting from the Gulf; and there is the
northern route, to Puget Sound and the Colum-
bia, starting from the great lakes, which within
two years from the present time it is believed
will reach the west line of the State of Minnesota.
Gentlemen who reside along the central por-
tions of the United States may say that it is im-
portant that this line of railroad should be con-
structed on the route where they and their con-
stituents may happen to reside; but when the
central route shall have been completed, there is
an empire north of it on Puget Sound. Mr.
President, I well recollect when, in 1844, then a
resident ofNew York,acting with the Democratic
party, a party then worthy the name, I went for
the election of Mr. Polk as President of the Uni-
ted Slates, with " the annexation of Texas, and
54° 40' or fight," as the Shibboleth of the Demo-
cratic parry. We carried the State of New
York for Mr. Polk, and Texas was annexed to
the Union. I have no regrets to express on that
account; we gained an empire when we annexed
it, but we had no 54°40'. All north of 49° was
surrended to Great Britain. In surrendering what
is north of 49°, we surrendered an empire com-
pared with which Cuba, rich and valuable as it
may be to the commerce of the United Stales, is a
mere bagatelle, not to be named in the same day.
And yet in Oregon and Washington we have pos-
sessions of vastextentandimmensQ value, which
have equal claims upon the Government.
1 know, sir, there are some gentlemefi who op-
pose the construction of a Pacific railroad on the
ground of us unconstitutionality. At the same
time, it is well known that the same gentlemen are
especial friends of the President of the United
States, who recommends in his late message the
appropriation of a large sum of money for the
purpose of buying the island of Cuba; and for
what, sir ? On account of our commercial neces-
sities; because the island of Cuba commands the
commerce of the Gulf. A bill for that purpose
has already been offered to the Senate by thccon-
fidential friend of the President of the United
States. I refer to the Senator fiom Louisiana,
[Mr. Slidell.]
Mr. President, while I do not object to the
Government of the United States affording aid in
the construction of the central route, which the
people are already in process of constiucting, 1
at the same time ask the Senate of the United
States to do but equal justice to other sections and
portions of the Confederacy equally important.
It is right, if this Government gives aid for the
construction of a railroad through the central por-
tion, from Missouri to San Francisco, that aid
should be given also to the construction of the
southern road, and of the great northern line. The
Senator from California, who has charge of this
bill, as chairman of the committee, [Mr. Gwm,]
in his speech addressed to the Senate a few days
since, states that if we do not construct this rail-
road, the great commerce of the Pacific will be lost
to us forever; and why? Because the British Gov-
ernment will construct a railroad across the Brit-
ish ffbslsfc'sEJtfndj hurfdrfcHs rtfitted n'dHh of the II
northern limits of this Confederacy, up the valley
of that river whose name is so difficult to pro-
nounce—the Saskatchawan, I believe—and so
across to Puget Sound. And at the same time,
gentlemen on this floor oppose this route as im-
practicable on account of its high northern lati-
tude and the coldness of its climate.
As I said in the outset, I intend merely to state
the substance of the pioposition which I offer,
and which, it seems to me, is more practicable
than any other. We have already had surveys
of these three routes by men belonging to the
Army of the United States under charge of the
War Department. My proposition is, that the
President of the United States shall be author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, boards of civil engineers to
survey each of these routes, and to locate their
general lines, and report them to the President, to
be by him laid before the Congress of the United
States in December, 1860. This will give to the
engineers two summer seasons, besides one winter
season, to explore the lines and to ascertain and
determine where the best and most eligible routes
are upon each of these lines—the northern, the
central, and the southern. I then propose that
the Piesident of the United States shall publish
notices and receive proposals from capitalists for
the construction of each of these roads; that after
th(?se proposals have been received he may enter
into separate contiacts, conditioned that they shall
be submitted to the Congress of the United States,
and that they shall have no effect whatever until
they have been ratified by Congress, so that we
may know what we are about to do, and go into
this great measure with our eyes open.
It proposes, also, not to make any grants of
public land to the constructors; I for one, Mr.
Prestdent, am opposed to the monopoly of the
public lands by railroad contractors. But it pro-
poses t hat the proceeds of certain odd-numbered
sections may be paid over for the purpose of aid-
ing in the construction of the roads; that is to say,
the proceeds of ten sections only, to any one
mile of road, until the whole road shall be com-
pleted. It proposes further, at the same time, to
reserve in the Treasury of the United States the
proceeds of the sales of ten other odd-numbered
sections until the whole line is completed. It pro-
vides, also, for opening these reserved odd-num-
bered sections to settlement to the actual settlers,
who shall go upon them, and occupy them under
the provisions of the preemption laws; and it pro-
proses to open the even-numbered sections to set-
tlement under the provisions of the homestead bill;
the effect of which is send forward the columns
of emigration and settlement upon the lines of
these roads, without which, 1 undertake to say,
if it be not impossible, it is certainly impractica-
ble, to undertake to build any railroad at all.
Gentlemen speak of the defenses of the Pacific
country. Sir, the best defense we can have for
California is to throw the population of the Uni-
ted Skates into California, and they will defend
themselves. Precisely so in reference to the peo-
ple in Oregon and in Washington. Open these
great lines to settlement, provide the best means,
first by wagon roads, then by railroads, for throw-
ing the people of the United States into those Ter-
ritories, and then we shall have the best defenses
for that country. Our main defenses, sir, do not
consist in ships-of-war, nor in forts on shore. It
is not on standing armies that we rely. These
are, to a ceitain extent, all well enough; but in
any great emergency the people of the United
States must rely upon themselves. They are the
bulwark of their own defense, constituting the
power of this great country in the field in war,
as well as the true source of all other power in
this country.
I propose further, that if, in the opinion of the
board of engineers who may be appointed by
the President, the proceeds of the ten sections
to be paid over to the contractors as the work
progresses are-not sufficient to pay the actual
costof the construction of these roads in sections
of twenty-five miles each, the Government of the
United States may issue its bonds to the amount
of not exceeding $10,000 a mile, and that these
bonds are to remain as a lien or mortgage on the
road, so that it will not be in the power of the
constructors to do what has been anticipated
might be done under the bill now pending before
the Senate
