1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
than the price at which they could be obtained
from the Government.
4. It is extremely doubtful, to say the least,
whether this bill would contribute to the advance-
ment of agriculture and the mechanic arts—ob-
jects the dignity and value of which cannot be too
highly appreciated.
The Federal Government, which makes the do-
nation, has confessedly no constitutional power
to follow it into the States and enforce the appli-
cation of the fund to the intended objects. As
donors, we shall possess no control over our own
gift after it shall have passed from our hands. It
is true that the State Legislatures are required to
stipulate that they will faithfully execute the trust
in the manner prescribed by the bill. But should
they fail to do this, what would be the conse-
quence ? The Federal Government has no power,
and ought to have no power, to compel the exe-
cution of the trust. It would be in as helpless a
condition as if even in this, the time of great need,
we were to demand any portion of the many mil-
lions of surplus revenue deposited with the States
for safe-keeping under the act of 1836.
5. This bill will injuriously interfere with ex-
isting colleges in the different States, in many of
which agriculture is taught as a science, and in
all of which it ought to be so taught. These in-
stitutions of learning have grown up with the
growth of the country under the fostering care of
the States and the munificence of individuals to
meet the advancing demands for education. They
have proved great blessings to the people. Many
—indeed, most of them—are poor, and sustain
themselves with difficulty. What the effect will
be on these institutions of creating an indefinite
number of rival colleges, sustained by the endow-
ment of the Federal Government, it is not diffi-
cult to determine.
Under this bill, it is provided that scientific and
classical studies shall not be excluded from them.
Indeed, it would be almost impossible to sustain
them without such a provision; for no father
would incur the expense of sending a son to one
of these institutions for the sole purpose of making
him a scientific fanner or mechanic. The bill
itself negatives this idea, and declares that their
object is "to promote the liberal and practical
education of the industrial classes in the several
pursuits and professions oflife." This certainly
ought to be the case. In this view of the subject,
it svould be far better,if such an appropriation of
land must be made to institutions of learning in
the several States, to apply it directly to the estab-
lishment of pvofessorships of agriculture and the
mechanic arts in existing colleges without the in-
tervention of the State Legislatures. It would be
difficult to foresee how these Legislatures will
manage this fund. Each Representative in Con-
gress, for whose district the proportion of twenty
thousand acres has been granted, will probably
insist that the proceeds shall be expended within
its limits. There will undoubtedly be a struggle
between different localities in each State concern-
ing the division of the gift, which may end in
disappointing the hopes of the true friends of agri-
culture. For this state of things we are without
remedy. Not so m regard to State colleges. We
might grant land to these corporations to estab-
lish agricultural and mechanical professorships;
and, should they fail to comply with the condi-
tions on which they accented the grant, we might
enforce, specific per!'orma c( of these before the
oidmary courts of justice.
G. But dees Cong.ess possess the power,under
the Constitution, to make a donation of public
lands to the different States of the Union, to pro-
vide colleges for the purpose of educating their
own people?
I presume the general proposition is undenia-
ble, that Congress does not possess the power to
appropriate money in the Treasury, raised by
Taxes on the people of the United States, for the
purpose of educating the people of the respective
States. It will not be pretended that any su:h
power is to be found among the specific powers
."■ranted to Congitss, nor that "it is necessary
and proper for carrying into execution " any one
of these powers. Should Congress exercise such
a power, this would be to break down the bar-
riers which have been so carefully constructed
in tlie Constitution to separate Federal from State
authority. We should theu not mily "1 ty end
collect uxrs, dunes, impost*, and excises, ' tor
Federal purposes, but for every State purpose
which Congress might deem expedient or useful.
This would be an actual consolidation of the Fed-
eral and State governments, so far as the great
taxing and money power is concerned, and con-
stitute a sort of partnership between the two in
the Treasury of the United States, equally ruin-
ous to both.
But it is contended that the public lands are
placed upon a different footing from money raised
by taxation, and that the proceeds arising from
their sale are not subject to the limitations of the
Constitution, but may be appropriated or given
away by Congress, at its own discretion, to States,
corporations, or individuals, for any purpose
they may deem expedient.
The advocates of this bill attempt to sustain
their position upon the language of the second
clause of the third section of the fourth article of
the Constitution, which declares that " the Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the
territory, or other property belonging to the Uni-
ted States." They contend that, by a/air inter-
pretation of the words" dispose of" in this clause,
Congress possesses the power to make this gift
of public lands to the States for purposes of edu-
cation.
It would require clear and strong evidence to
induce the belief that the framers of the Consti-
tution, after having limited the powers of Con-
gress to certain, precise, and specific objects, in-
tended, by employing the words "dispose of,"
to give that body unlimited power over the vast
public domain. It would be a strange anomaly,
indeed, to have created two funds, the one by tax-
ation confined to the execution of the enumerated
powers delegated to Congress, and the other from
the public lands, applicable to all subjects, for-
eign and domestic, which Congress might desig-
nate. That this fund should be " disposed of,"
not to pay the debts of the United States, nor "to
raise and support armies," nor " to provide and
maintain a navy," nor to accomplish any one of
the other great objects enumerated in the Consti-
tution; but be diverted from them to pay the debts
of the States, to educate theirpeopie,and to carry
into effect any other measure of their domestic
policy—this would be to confer upon Congress
a vast and irresponsible authority, utterly at war
with the well-known jealousy of Federal power,
which prevailed at the formation of the Constitu-
tion. The natural intendment would be that, as
the Constitution confined Congress to well-defined
specific powers, the funds placed at their com-
mand, whether in land or money, should be ap-
piopriated to the performance of the duties cor-
responding with these powers. If not, a Govern-
ment has been created with all i'.s other powers
carefully limited, but without any limitation m
respect to the public lands.
But I cannot so read the words " dispose of"
as to make them embrace the idea of " giving
away." The true meaning of words is always
to be ascertained by the subject to which they are
applied, and the known general intent, of the law-
giver. Congress is a trustee under the Constitu-
tion for the people of the United States to " dis-
pose of" their public lands, and I think I may
venture to assert with couiideiie-e, that no case
can be found iti which a trustee in the position of
Congress, has been authonzed to " dispose of
property by its owner, where it l|as evei been tield
that these woids authorized such trustee to give
away the fund intrusted to his dire. Nil trustee,
when called upon to account fnr the disposition
of the proj^erty pieced under his management
before any judicial tribunal, would ventuie to pre-
sent such a plea in his defense. rriie true meaning
of these words is cleaily stated bv Chief Justice
Taney, in delivering the opinion ol the court, (1'J
llowaid, page 43G.) He says, 10 rei'. reuse to
jibis clause of the Constitution, ^ it begins its
"enumeration of powers by that ot disputing; in
other words, ranking sale of the lands, or raising
money from them, which, as we have already
said, was the mam object of the cession, (from
the states,) and whHi is the first thing provided
for m the article." It is unnecessary to refer to
the history of the times to estebb.sb the known
fact that this statement of t'.a : ■! .Sin Uje is per-
fectly well founded. Tin.' :t re ■y.v.: interned
by the fiomcis of the Con.stinuuoi lhat these lands
should be given away by Congiess is mani'esi.
from the concluding portion of the same clause.
By it, Congress has power, not only " to dispose
of" the territory, but of the "other property of
the United States." In the language of the Chief
Justice, (page 437:) "And the same power of
makiiig needful rules respecting the territory is
in precisely the same language applied to the
other property of the United States, associating
the power over the territory, in this respect, with
the power over movable or personal property—
that is, the ships, arms, or munitions of war,
which then belonged m common to the State sov-
ereignties."
The question is still clearer in regard to the
public lands in the States and Territories within
the Louisiana and Florida purchases. These
lands were paid for out of the public Treasury,
from money raised by taxation. Now, if Con-
gress had no power to appropriate the money with
which these lands were purchased, is it not clear
that the power over the lands is equally limited ?
The mere conversion of this money into land
could not confer upon Congress new power over
the disposition of land which they had not pos-
sessed over money. If it could, then a trustee,
by changing the character of the fund intrusted
to his care for special objects, from money into
land, mtght give the land away, or devote it to
any purpose he thought proper, however foreign
from the trust. The inference is irresistible, that
this land partakes of the very same character with
the money paid for it, and can be devoted to no
objects different from those to which the money
could have been devoted. If this were not the
case, then, by the puichase ofancw territory from
a foreign Government, out of the public Treas-
ury, Congress could enlarge their own powers,
and appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
land thus purchased, at their own discretion, to
other and far different objects from what tliey
could have applied the purchase money which
had been raised by taxation.
It has been asserted truly that Congress, in
numerous instances, have granted lands for pui-
poses of education. These grants have been
chiefly, if not exclusively, made to the new States,
as they successively cnteied the Union, and con-
sisted at the first of one section, and afterwards
of two sections of the public land in each town-
ship for the use of schools, as well as of additional
sections for a State university. Such grants are
not, in my opinion, a violation of the Constitu-
tion. The United States is a great landed pro-
prictor, and from the very nature of this relation
it is both the right and the duty of Congress, as
their trustee, to manage these lands as any other
prudent proprietor would manage them for his
own best advantage. Now, nS consideration
could be presented of a stronger character to in-
duce the American people to brave the difficulties
and hardships of frontier life, and to settle upon
these lands, and to purchase them at a fair price,
than to give to them and to their children an as-
surance of the means of education. If any pru-
dent individual had held these lands he could not
have adopted a wiser course to bring them into
market and enhance their value than to give a
portion of them for purposes of education. As a"
mere speculation, he would pursue this course.
No person will contend that donations of land to
all the States of the Union for the erection of col-
leges withm the limits of each can bo embraced
by this piiiicipic. It cannot be pietended tlialan
agricultural college in New Yoik or Virginia
would aid tin: settlement or facilitate the sale of
public lands in Minnesota or California. This
cannot possibly be embraced within the authority
which a pi talent proprietor of land would exer-
cise over His own possessions. I jmrpo.sely avoid
any aitempt to define what portions of laud may
be gianted, and for what, purposes, to improve
the value and promote the settlement and sale of
the i emain dor, without violating the Cons tit u tion.
Ill this case I adopt the rule that" sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof."
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington City, February 24v.1859.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to print the message
of the President just read ; and upon that motion
| I propose to submit a few vet y biief remarks. At
this late stage of the kcssioo, I shall not detain
the House long, however provocative the occa-
sion; but 1 do not pi opose that the comiDutiioeji'-n
