1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
■we have heard from the Clerk's desk, touching
a measure so important in its scope and bearing,
shall pass entirely without comment.
The President of the United States has cer-
tainly the right to express his opinion upon the
subject of the bill, as to whether it is constitu-
tional and expedient or not; but we have also the
same privilege.
The measure was not introduced here as a party
measure, nor was it advocated as a party meas-
ure. It has received the cordial support of mem-
bers of both sides of this House. It fought its
way on its own merits. It has been pressed here
by petitions and resolutions from the Legislatures
of at least thirteen States, and by an indefinite
number of memorials from private citizens of the
highest character. It is a measure which has
been indorsed by agricultural societies and agri-
cultural men throughout the whole country, with
unprecedented unanimity. It is a measure dear
to the hearts of all farmers, young and old. It
would have been approved by all the earlier Pres-
idents, and was especially dear to the heart of
Washington, and occupied his last thought. I
will again quote from his last message:
" 11 will not be doubted that, with reference either to in-
dividual or national welfare, agriculture is of primary im-
portance. In proportion as nations advance in population
and other circumstances of maturity, this task becomes
more apparent, and renders the cultivation of the soil more
and more an object of public patronage. Institutions for
promoting it grow up, supported by the public purse; and
to what object can it be dedicated with greater propriety ?"
Yet, while the President assumes to be the rep-
resentative, par excellence, of the farmers, tax-
payers, and consumers of the country, he comes
here to strike down the only measure, perhaps,
which was proposed especially for their benefit.
In my judgment, the President has committed, if
not a crime, at least a blunder. It may be that in
blunders the Executive has
" Stept in so far, that, should he wade no more,
Returning were as tedious as go o'er."
If I understand the reading, the President asserts
that if this bill passos it will deprive the Treasury
of all revenue from the public lands for the next
fiscal year. This is a great error, as it would have
been impossible for the several States to have the
necessary State legislation to enable them to make
the grant available in less than one or two years.
It is not probable a dollar less would have found
its way into the Treasury. At no time could it
be expected to operate in this direction to any-
thing like the extent of the military bounty land
warrants; and these, so much larger in amount,
were scarcely felt at all. But, if the position of
the President were correct, it comes with an ill
grace from thq. Magistrate who wasted more than
ten million dollars in the grand march of £he army
to Utah, who is wasting a larger sum by the
grander naval demonstration against Paraguay,
and who would waste $30,000,000 more in the
grandest of all propositions—for snatching Cuba.
With all respect, this can only be regarded as a
pretext.
The President objects to this bill because he
wants to keep the State governments and the Gen-
eral Government scpuiatc. Well, sir, this meas-
ure by no means combines the State governments
and the General Government. It especially leaves
the whole matter to the entire control of the sev-
eral States to arrange, manage, and control, as
they may see fit. The States were to be trustees
merely for a certain and specific object. This is,
indeed, admitted in another place, and objected
to. The President wants to endow agricultural
professorships, in order that the General Govern-
ment might institute lawsuits to compel them to
adhere to the terms of the trust! But why should
the President discuss an alternative to which his
veto wtould have been as prompt as to this bill ?
He says the bill would operate greatly to the
injury ot' the new States. Now, sir, when Gen-
eral Jackson, in 1833, vetoed a land bill, he did it
mainly because of its giving the new States twelve
and a half percent, more than the old States; and,
therefore, to protect the old States from in justice,
he vetoed the bill. But this bill does equal and exact
justice to all the States according to the census of
1850; and it provides futther, that if, by the in-
crease of population, the new States, or any States,
shall have an increased representation in Congress
in 1SG0, tliey shall receive twenty thousand acres
for each additional Representative they may then
be entitled to. I therefore contend that here is a
discrimination rather for the benefit, than the in-
jury, of the new States, to which this provision
would only practically apply. Thus Democratic
Presidents differ—agreeing only in the veto, by
which the will of the people, as expressed by their
Representatives here, shall be crushed out. One
is for justice to the old States, and the other for
justice to the new States, but neither for justice
to all. The objection of the President that the
land scrip would be sold at a low price, if true,
will hardly be appreciated in the new States.
The several States would be quite likely to hus-
band their resources, so as to obtain the largest
amount of funds.
But, sir, the President thinks it would be far
better to establish professorships in colleges al-
ready established. What constitutional difficulty
would thus be avoided, I confess, is to me in-
comprehensible. The wisdom of the suggestion
and its feasibility clearly belongs to the President
alone. If the object be to excite the jealousy of
existing colleges, it is unworthy of notice. I
know that the friends of such institutions, men
of thorough education, are, in all sections of the
country, the cordial and devoted friends of this
bill. I do not understand this hint in any other
sense than this: that the President was not con-
sulted in regard to the principles of this bill. Had
he been thus consulted, or had the details, even,
been prepared by some Democratic member, then
it might have received his assent. That, sir, is
a misfortune to the country, but not its only mis-
fortune. The President wholly mistakes the ob-
ject of the bill, which was to offer free tuition to
the boys of farmers and mechanics—not to enrich
corporations and endow professorships—and to
enable them, by their own industry, to acquire
what might not otherwise be within their reach—
a liberal education. If it be a satisfaction to the
President to have thwarted such an object, I
hardly think it will be highly appreciated; and
especially not by those whose hopes are thus
destroyed. The telegraphic news of this veto
will start a tear from the eye of more than one
manly boy, whose ambition will now be nipped
in the bud. One great object was to arrest the
degenerate and downward system of agriculture
by which American soil is rapidly obtaining the
rank of the poorest and least productive on the
globe, and to give to farmers and mechanics that
prestige and standing in life which liberal culture
and the recognition of the Government might af-
ford. To all this the President turns a deaf ear.
Mr. Speaker, the Constitution gives to Con-
gress the unreserved and unrestricted power to
" dispose of" the public lands; but the President
says this does not grant the power to give them
aiemj. Sir, I contend that this provision does give
to Congress the power to dispose of them in any
way not prohibited by the Constitution. It is
absolute and unqualified. If there is any limita-
tion in the deeds of cession, which provides that
they shall be disposed of for th? common benefit
of all the States, this bill is in strict conformity
thereto. Nor does this bill propose to give them
away at all. Like a prudent proprietor, we adopt
a policy to increase the value of the whole landed
property of the country. The bill expressly de-
mands a full and proper consideration. That
consideration is, that the several States shall es-
tablish these colleges, " where the leading object
shall be, without excluding other scientific or
classical studies, to teach such branches of learn-
ing as are related to agriculture and the mechanic
arts." If this were done, there can be no doubt
the interests of the country, the benefits to accrue,
would be fifty-fold greater than any sum which
would be abstracted from the Treasury. If wo
cannot give away the lands we already possess,
under what clause of the Constitution are we to
| pour out millions for the purchase of Cuba, only
i for the purpose of giving it back again to the
Spanish slaveholders ?
j We have heretofore very properly, inourlegis-
i lation pertaining to new States and Territories,
| granted one or two sections of land, in each to wn-
j ship, for the especial purpose of establishing
I schools. This bill is nothing more than a pur-
! suanoc of the same policy, and was a fit comple-
ment of the system. Many literary universities
had alftady been established with the approval
of .Tames Buchanan, who, with many other dis-
tinguished Democrats, voted for the deaf and
dumb school, endowed by Congress, in Kentucky,
in 1827. If we can legislate for the deaf and
dumb, may we not legislate for those who can
hear and' speak ? If we can legislate for the in-
sane, may we not legislate for the sane ? We have
granted lands for railroad purposes, for military
services, and we have granted lands to the several
States for the promotion of health; that is, we
have granted to the States the swamp and over-
flowed lands within their limits. Now, sir, if we
can grant lands for the promotion of physical
health, can we not grant them for the purpose of
promoting the moral health and education of the
people? We granted seven hundred and fifty-
thousand acres of land for the benefit of the Sault
Ste. Marie canal, and also other large grants for
canals. Well, sir, if we can grant lands for the
benefit of commerce, trade, military service, and
health, cannot we grant them for other purposes >
Cannot we grant them for education, and for the
education of the great mass of the country; and a
class, too, which has received no special benefit
from any act of Congress>
Mr. Speaker, we sometimes see men who drive
horses rather hardly, seeking to find some new
spot where they can touch them on the raw.
While this is not in any sense a party question,
the President has endeavored to make it one; and
whether he has succeeded in that or not, and I
hope he has not, he has succeeded in uncovering
a new spot, as numerous as are his scars—and in
that respect he is a veteran—to which to apply
the whip. I do not, however, propose, at this
time, to enter into any long argument in relation
to this matter, and am quite ready that the vote
should be taken which the Constitution pre-
scribes. v
The President has established his higher law
over that of Congress; and we have nothing else
to do but to appeal to that higher law—of the peo-
ple—which will override the Executive veto. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Several Members. On, no.
Mr. MORRILL. I must insist on my call for
the previous question.
The previous Question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question now is: Will
the House, on a reconsideration, pass the bill r
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 105, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Arnold, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bowie, Urayton, Buffinton,
liuilingame, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Conuns, Corning, Cragin, Curtis, llavis of
Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farm worth, Foster, Oilman,
Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Harris, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges,
llorton, Howard, Huyler, Kellogg, Kclsey, IClIgore, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Lovejoy, McKibbin, Humphrey Maishall,
Matteson, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman II. flloise, Muriay, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Keilly, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Uobbins, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Scott, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Sickles, Rob-
ert Smith, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappari, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Vance, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
hhu B. Washburne,*Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, Wor-
tendykc, Augustus II. Wiight, and ZollicofFer.—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Bhss, Bocock, Bonhain, Branch, Bryan, Burnett,
Bums, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockeriil, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davis of Indian^, Davis of Mississippi, Dtmmick,
Dowdell. Kdmundson, Elliott, English, Fenton, Florence,
Foley, Gainett, Gartrell, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
Grover, Grow, Lawrence W.Hall, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher,
Maelay, McQueen, McRea, Mason, Miles, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Niblack. Nichols,
Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Pllelps, William W. Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Reagan, lluffin, Sandidge, Scales, Henry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton. Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Spinner, Stalhvorth, Stephens, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Vallan-
digham, Ward, Watkms, Winslow, Woodson, and John V.
Wright—06.
So the House refused to pass the bill, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Pending the above call,
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Boyce, of South Caro-
lina.
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Davidson, of Louisiana.
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent,pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
