1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
Michigan, relative to instructing the uniformed
militia of that State; and also for the establish-
ment of a semi-weekly overland mail from St.
Paul, in the State of Minnesota, to Puget Sound;
which were laid upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON, (at three o'clock and twenty-
minutes.) Does the gentleman desire that we
shall have a night session? Is it not better to
take a recess for half an hour, or an hour, and
then to come here and go on with the business ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let us stay here
for an hour further, and then I will make the sug-
gestion to the committee to take a recess. The
committee can then either take a recess or stay
and go on with the business. I am willing that
that matter shall be decided now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After we
have spent an hour in the committee, I would
suggest that we return to the House and stop the
five-minute debate. In that way we can get
through with the business.
Mr. GROW. If there is to be a recess, we had
as well take it now.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There are, be-
sides the Navy appropriation bill, the amendments
to the pension bill, the amendments to the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill, and the
amendments to the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial appropriation bill. If we are diligent, we
can get through with them all to-night. Whether
the committee will continue its session or will
take a recess, 1 shall be satisfied.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the night session for
debate or business ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. For business.
The question was taken; and the motion of Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri, was agreed to.
So the House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, m the chair;
and proceeded to take up the
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amendment
is that of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Clark,] to strike out the paragraph for the Brook-
lyn navy-yard, and in lieu thereof to insert, as
follows:
For ordinary repairs of the Brooklyn navy-yard, $20,000.
The committee found itself without a quorum.
The Chair will further state the condition of the
bill. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
moved to strike out various clauses of the bill, and
to insert in their place what has been read from
the Clerk's desk. While that was under consider-
ation, the gentleman froirf New York proposed to
amend a part of that which was proposed to be
stricken out. The Chair is of opinion, that in
the present state of the business, no motion to
amend the part proposed to be stricken out is in
order, until the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is disposed of. When the gentleman from
Ohio proposed his amendment, it would have been
in order to read the part proposed to be stricken
out. The Clerk had commenced to report it, but
it was proposed to dispense with the reading; and
that was done by the unanimous consent of the
committee. The committee then proceeded to con-
sider the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
When that is disposed of, it will be in order to
propose to amend the part proposed to be stricken
out. Under that ruling of the Chair, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from New York is not in
order; and the only proposition now before the
committee, is the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. GROW. Did the course of the commit-
tee, in dispensing with the reading of the lines
proposed to be stricken out, cut off all chance of
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at all. The <;om-
mittee passed over that, as if it was read.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Still, it has not
been read at all.
Mr. GROW. I take it, that the dispensing
with the reading of the lines, does not take away
the right to amend them. I take it, that the clause
is still open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It wiH be, if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio is rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to amend
the amendment, by striking out $2U,000, and in-
serting $150,000; so that the clause will read:
Mare Island, California, $150,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended an appropriation of §230,310 for this
point. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio proposes to reduce it to $20,000. I propose to
amend h is proposition, so as to rai se it to $150,000.
The reasons why I do so, are briefly these. We
know that Mare Island, in California, is a new
naval establishment in process of construction;
and necessarily requiring—with reference to the
price of labor there—a much larger appropriation
for the purpose of continuing, not repairing, the
work there, than the establishments on the Atlan-
tic coast. That is not all. That establishment is
on the western slope of our continent, and at the
point where it is very important, indeed, to have
a complete and finished establishment. I would
not submit to any reduction for this particular
improvement, but for the great necessity for re-
trenchment on all public expenditures. I think
the appropriation may be diminished; and I think
it should be diminished, owing to the necessity
to which I have referred. But I think that re-
duction should not be of a character to arrest im-
provement there, but to enable the construction
to go on.
So much for this particular subject. While
on this subject, I may very well excuse myself
for drawing a contrast between this establishment
and the old establishments on the Atlantic coast.
They are now in full operation. They are an-
swering the purpose for which they were de-
signed; and the heavy appropriations recom-
I mended for them are designed to perfect, embellish,
! or introduce new and superior improvements. I
j think that the present circumstances of the coun-
! try do not justify that sort of outlay. Therefore
i it is that l am willing to draw a distinct line of
separation between the eastern and western estab-
lishments. I am satisfied that the sum I propose
is the lowest that ought to be submitted to. I
trust it will be the pleasure of the committee to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
to that extent.
Mr. OLIN. If it be in order, I move to strike
out that entire section. If that amendment benot
in order, I wish to oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The only question before
the committee, is the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. OLIN. Then I oppose that amendment.
The reasons for my opposition are as well ap-
plicable to the appropriation as a whole as to any
increase of the amount. I have endeavored on
former occasion's to procure some information to
be laid before the House, which would, in my
I judgment, instruct the House in relation particu-
larly to this navy-yard, and also in relation to the
arsenal that is proposed to be established in the
vicinity of Benicia. If I could have succeeded in
having that document laid before the House, it
would have shown, I think, that the expenditure
| of money already made by the Government of
! the United States, at that point, is a misappliea-
I tion of the public money.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Say why.
! Mr. OLIN. I will say why. It is because it
i is manifestly in the wrong place. If any navy-
! yard is to be established in California for the
i purpose of construction, it should manifestly
' have been at San Francisco.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I speak from per-
sonal knowledge of this particular locality; and
I say that there is not, perhaps, under the sun
so admirable and happy a location. It is only
! twenty miles from San Francisco.
j Mr. OLIN. I believe it is forty miles,
j Mr. PHELPS, of Missoui'i. Thirty.
' Mr. OLIN. Any information that the gentle-
i man can give me fiom personal knowledge, would
I be received with great gratification, as well as're-
spect; but on this business of constructing navy-
I yards, 1 speak on the information of a man on
[whose judgment the House, I am sure, would
I rather relytlianonthatof the gentleman from Vir-
j ginia. Now, I assert here, what every man in the
! country knows, that a navy-yard, for the purpose
i of construction, in California, is worse than a cat
1 with two tails. There is no necessity for it.
There can be no necessity for it. If this yard
were completed at an extravagant outlay, the
Government could get work done at vastly less
expense in the yards on the Atlantic coast. Ev-
ery gentleman knows it. All that is needed there
is a navy-yard for the purpose of repair; but in-
stead of that, the Government have entered into
the tomfoolery of establishing a navy-yard, for
the purpose of construction, on the Pacific coast.
Why there ? Does the Government contemplate
building any vessels there ? Not at all; and^vill
not for the next twenty-five years. Until the re-
lations of the Pacific and Atlantic coasts are en-
tirely changed, it would be a profligate waste of
money to attempt the construction of vessels at
that point.
And then, again, my objection to this expend-
iture is this, that the navy-yard is in the wrong
place. If there is to be a navy-yard built on the
Pacific coast, it manifestly ought to be located rtt
San Francisco.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$20,000" and inserting
" $230,310," which is the sum recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to reply to the remarks
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Olin,] for I believe he is laboring under a mis-
apprehension in regard to Mare Island being a
proper place for a navy-yard. Now, sir, I have
been thtfrc myself. I have been upon the site,
and though I do not mean to set myself up before
the House as an expert in such matters, but, so
far as my humble judgment goes, I do not believe
that a better site or position could have been se-
lected. But, sir, the gentleman says that the Gov-
ernment never contemplates building vessels at
that yard. He is certainly in error in that, as he
was m regard to his conceptions of the navy-yard
at Mare Island, because they are now building
one of the sloops there under the bill passed last
year.
Mr. OLIN. It is a political job, then.
Mr. SCOTT. I know nothing about that. If
there is any political iob, I was not instrumental
in it, and know nothing about it. And, sir, I
would tell gentlemen that, so far as political job-
bing, in my State, is concerned, there is no earthly
necessity for it by this Administration, or any
other Administration; because,in a State that polls
one hundred and ten thousand votes, andean give
such a majority against the Opposition as she has
always done, on the right side, there is no need
of jobbing to carry one little county and some
two hundred employes. It would exhaust the
Federal Treasury of the United States to affect
the political results in my State; and after it was
exhausted among the politicians, the masses, true
to the Democracy, and true to the Constitution,
would stand firm and uncorrupted.
But I want to come to another point. It has
generally been the custom for the Opposition here
to be liberal towards California; and I have al-
ways given them credit for it! But it seems now
that a strange change has taken place in the Op- _
position here. Only two days ago the gentleman '
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] endeavored to strike
down the arsenal at Benicia.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. I thought the gentleman did.
Mr. CURTIS. It was a genueman from Vir-
ginia, on the other side of the House.
Mr. SCOTT. Well, sir, I thought it was the
gentleman, [Mr. Sherman,] but I believe that I
am incorrect, and it was his colleague [Mr. Pen-
dleton] who made that move. The gentleman
from Ohio now comes forward and endeavors to
stnkedown the navy-yard at Mare Island. Now,
I conceive that if there is any State of this conti-
nent which requires a navy-yard, and which re-
quires an arsenal to enable her to defend Iter inter-
ests and maintain her rights in the event of a war,
it is California. When yoji begrudge us a Pacific
railroad; when you have been cutting down the In-
dian appropriations; when you are cutting down
the surveys of the public lands; when you are
cutting down the fortifications 
. Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. When the
gentleman says " you begrudge us a railroad," to
whom does he refer ?
Mr. SCOTT. I am alluding to the whole Con-
