1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOUSTON". I believe it is the usual time
of adjournment; however, I wish to make some
remarks on this subject.
Mr POLK. With the permission of the Sena-
tor from Texas, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr, BIGLER. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, with a view <}f having it printed informally.
The motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. BIGLER. it is my design to move to
strike out the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and
eighth sections of the bill, and insert the amend-
ment which I now move may be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to. The Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 12, 1859.
The House friet at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mi*. STEPHENS, of Georgia, then obtained
the floor.
The SPEAKER. "With the gentleman's per-
mission the Chair will lay before the House the ex-
ecutive communication^ which are upon his table.
LAWS OF NEW MEXICO.
The SPEA KER laid before the House laws of
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
they be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. KELSEY. Why not make an order that
they be printed ? I desire to see them and to ex-
amine them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. They will go
to the Committee on Territories; and that com-
mittee wiJi examine them.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF THE SUPREME COURT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting information in respect to the expenses of
the Supreme Court of the United States, in reply
to a resolution of the House of the 4th instant;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PURSERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of December 23,1858, asking the num-
ber of vessels upon foreign stations without reg-
ular pursers, and tile reason why they are not
supplied; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
OFFICERS OP THE NAVY, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to the resolution of the House of January
4, 1859,* requesting the number of officers of each
grade of the Navy and marine corps, and the
manner in which they are employed, and the num-
ber of seamen, marines, and other employes under
charge of the Navv Department, and the number
of vessels of the Navy, and their rates; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
OREGON BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS) of Georgia. I ask the House,
by unanimous consent, to allow theOregon bill to
be reported. Some days will elapse before the
Committee on Territories will be called. I under-
stand that there is one, perhaps there will be two,
minority reports; and 1 desire that when the bill
comes up for action the reports may be printed
and before us, and each member have the oppor-
tunity to understand the several recommenda-
tions. I want it so that action will be speedy on
the question when we reach it. i hope that by
unanimous consent I may now be permitted to
make the majority report from that committee, and
that a time will be fixed when the question shall
be taken up and acted on. Let the day be some
day of next week', and in the mean time the House
will have the opportunity to inform itself thor-
oughly of all the matters involved.
Mr. MORGAN. I prefer that it should take
its regular course. I think that the report will
keep; that it will not spoil if it be kept a little
while longer.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection. We ought
to act on this subject.
Mr. MORGAN. I cannot yield one jot. If
the gentleman will not vote for another ten or
twelve days' vacation, we may reach it soon,
Mr. CARUTHERS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill explan-
atory of an act entitled " An act supplemental to
an act entitled' An act forprosecuting the existing
war between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico, and for other purposes,' " approved
July 19, 1848. . ■
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish it to be understood
that I object now and from this time forward, to
everything out of the regular order of business.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was read from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate have passed an act (No. 452) for
the relief of John R. Nou rse and others, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 68) for the relief of Elias Hall, of Rutland,
Vermont.
READJUSTMENT OF ACCOUNTS, ETC.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Yesterday, a communication was received
from the Secretary of the Treasury, ill compli-
ance with a law of the last session, reporting the
cases of readjustment of accounts with Stales and
cities. It was laid upon the table and ordered to
be printed. 1 move to leconsider the vole by
which the communication was laid upon the table,
intending to move its reference to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
such ought to have been the reference of the com-
munication, and that bethought it had been re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the communication was then referred to the Com-
mittee of-Ways and Means.
IMPROVEMENT OP NEW JERSEY AVENUE.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the blouse to be allowed to submit a petition from
certain citizens of the District of Columbia for the
improvement of New Jersey avenue, so as to
have it referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
There being no objection; the petition was re-
ceived, and so referred.
FEES OF SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a resolution
giving construction to a rule of the House in re-
spect to the fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms, which
it is important to have acted on by the House be-
fore I give out a list of subpenas, numbering some
seventeen or twenty, for witnesses who are to be
brought before that committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall object
to any matter being rcpoited from any committee
now, until the committees arc regularly called. If
I cannot get the Oiegon bill in without conform-
ing strictly to the rule, I shall demand that every
other gentleman shall conform to the same.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have at least a dozen re-
ports to present from the Judiciary Committee;
but I do notpropose to present any of them now.
The particular resolution which I send up it is
important to have acted upon at once, befoie I fill
out a list of witnesses which the committee have
directed to be summoned before them in the in-
vestigation of charges against a judge of the Uni-
ted Stat**?.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Here is a mem-
ber from Oregon duly elected, and two Senators,
who have been here all the session, ready to take
their seats. They are prevented from doing so,
and the representation of a sovereign State is
denied because the House will not permit me to
report a bill for the admission of Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see what the gen-
tleman from Georgia gains by opposing proposi-
tions that are necessary to be submitted.
REGISTERS TO STEAMSHIPS.
Mr.EUSTIS. i ask unanimous consenttohave
taken from the Speaker's table. Senate bill (No.
495) authorizing the -issue of register® to the
steamships America and -Canada; and :te fchange
the names of said steamships. . : ^ 4 ■ "
™r' Georgia, I dbject, *
Mr.EUSTIS. I think the gentlemarf ima)
Georgia must be laboring under some* mWrak&
He supposes, perhaps, that this is a tepcct-feofti
a committee.
^ The SPEAKER1. .The gentleman from Geojr^
gia objects to any business that is not in order.- -
Mr. WASHBUU&TE, of Illinois., Is u in,or-
der now to move thatthe rules be suspended,and
that the House resolve itself into .the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER.^ That motion will be in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, I'trust-that the
matter of the reference of the naval appropriation
bill may be first disposed of. It will not tafcfajten
minutes, - , ; v
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
motion that I have indicated. * - , *
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire that the
question of reference shall be first disposed of;
and I supposed that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. EUSTIS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr.EUSTIS. Then I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the consideration of the report from
the Committee of Waysand Means, of'the naval
appropriation bill; on which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ^HERMAN,V>f Ohio. It seems,to me
very strange, Mr. Speaker, that a motion to refer
the naval appropriation bill to the Committee on '
Naval Affairs, should meet with so much oppo-
sition in the House. If the committees of this
House are not to be charged with their appropriate
duties, they ought to be disbanded. If the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs cannot appear here and
move that the naval appropriation bill be referred
to it so that it may examine it and see whether
the appropriations recommended for this service
are needed, you might as well disband the Naval
Committee, because there is nothing for it to do.
If the Military Committee, or any other standing
committee of the House, cannot appear here and
say that they desire to investigate the mode and
manner of appropriating for their respective ser-
vices, or if tiie House will not accede to this rea-
sonable request, the committees ought to be disor-
ganized and disbanded, and gentlemen ought not
to be called on to serve upon them.
I said yesterday that the purpose of the motion
was not to throw imputations, or to cast blame
on the Committee of Ways and Means. I repeat
again, that the Committee of Ways and Means
is willing and anxious to do its full duty. But I
am surprised that the chairman of that committee
should resist so reasonable a motion as this. It was
not intended to throw any disparagement on him
or hiscommittee. He should invite investigation,
and should insist on the other committees of the
House examining the work of the Committee of
Ways and Means. It is not within the reach of
possibility for the Committee of Waysand Means
to examine the estimates. They cannot examine
the details of expenditure of §80,000,000 within
the thirty days within which they are required
by the rules of the House to report their bills? It
is not within human power to examine the esti-
mates in detail, and to report the various appro-
puation bills. 1 say, therefore, that when the
appropriation bills are reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means they ought to be sub-
mitted to theirappropriate committees. The result
of that reference would not be such as the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Pjielps] anticipates. I
am satisfied that if this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, that committee will, so
far as time will permit, enter upon a thorough in-
vestigation of the mode and manner in which the
naval establishment of the country is kept up,
and will save in this appropriation bill- not less
than $2,000,000. I believe also, that if this prin-
ciple were adopted as a general rule, it would save
largely in the annual expenditures of the Govern- *
