14 i8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
from Ohio, is neither more nor less than the an-
nihilation of the system of navy-yards through-
out the country. His amendment provides only
sufficient money to enable them to be kept in or-
dinary repair.
Now, sir, like the gentleman from Ohio, I am
perfectly convinced that there is a necessity for a
great d«al of reform about the navy-yards of the
country. I think that we have too many navy-
yards; but, at this stage of the session, we can-
not well go into that subject and devise any proper
system of retrenchment. Whether we could dis-
pense with a navy-yard in the great city of New
York, is a matter of very great question; I am
not now disposed to touch that question; but I
am willing to go very far towards retrenching the
expenses of the navy-yards. The Committee of
Ways and Means reduced the expenses of all the
navy-yards nearly a million dollars. I propose
myself to reduce still further the appropriation
for the navy-yard at New York. I do not think,
on examining the items for New York, that much
reduction can take place there; but I propose to
reduce the amount reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means $95,000. It will be seen that
the amount I propose is the amount reported by
the. Committee of Ways and Means, less $25,000,
and that $25,000 is the amount estimated for the
launch-way and ship-house. These works may
be necessary at some time; but as we shall build
no ships during the next fiscal year, there is no
immediate necessity for a ship-house and launch-
way.
I think that the gentleman from Ohio has not
pursued the proper course to effect the purpose of
retrenching upon this bill. It is manifest that
the House is only left to choose between his pro-
ject and the bill as reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Having said as much as 1 desire to say upon that
subject, 1 ask the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio for a moment. I understood him yesterday,
in complaining of the great expenses of the Navy
Department, to say that the expenses for the re-
pairs, equipment, and armament, of the steam-
ship Niagara, amounted to more than one million
dollars. That, I think, is an error. The docu-
ment to which my friend refers me, I think, will
show him that, in point of fact, it is not true. I
was astounded at the statement, for I do not think
the repairs of any ship ever cost this Government
#1,000,000, or halfthatsum. The table to which
the gentleman referred is a statement of the cost
of building and repairing vessels in the Navy of
the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I
am not mistaken. The gentleman will find that
that is a statement of the cost of building and re-
pairing vessels of the United States Navy from
the lsf of March, 1857, io the present lime; and the
amount expended on the Niagara during that pe-
riod was $1,062,422 44. Now, the Niagara was
built in 1855, and this sum of over one million
dollars has been expended on that vessel since
March 1, 1857.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINSLOW. This table is headed,"State-
ment of the cost of building and repairing vessels
in the United States Navy."
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Since a certain
time.
Mr. WINLOW. Since March 1st, 1857, and
comprises the whole cost of the ship.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time is
out.
Mr. Winslow's amendment was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, by increasing
the appropriation for the Philadelphia navy-
yard to an amount one dollar less than that
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Now speak tothe
point.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am going to do so. I
am for that appropriation for the Philadelphia
navy-yard, and all other navy-yards, as I said
before, because I believe it to be—I ki\ow it to be,
necessary for the public purposes, and to keep
our very small navy "afloat." I am, therefore,
in favor of increasing the entire amount to that
which theCommittee ofWaysand Means recom-
mended m this item, and for restoring the entire
paragraph and amounts as reported by them. I
do not believe that if this money is appropriated,
it will corrupt or demoralize anybody. I say, in
answer to tl)e gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Clark,] that I believe the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia is properly located there, and hence I desire
this appropriation for that particular point. I say
further, in answer to the gentleman, that if it was
now an original question of locating a navy-yard
there, I would recommend it because of the natu-
ral advantages of the locality; because it is located
inland, a few miles from the capes of the Dela-
ware, and affords protection—and just that sort
of protection which ought to be afforded—for ves-
sels-of-war, or for the construction and repair of
vessels-of-war when an enemy may be hovering
upon our coast. It is also at a point where there
is sufficient depth of water to float the largest
vessel in the naval service, and hence I desire that
an appropriation may be made to continue the
efficiency of the public service just there. But,
sir, everywhere, of wherever needed, I am for
these appropriations for naval objects.
Now, I regret, as much as the gentleman from
New York does, the demoralizing influence of
this public patronage. I would go, with him, to
cut it off. I am as much incumbered by it as he
or any other man can be, and I only wish there
was enough employment for the labor of the
country to dispense with it. But the gentleman
must recollect that it is the dearth of employment
among the working classes, principally brought
about by the crisis in our cSmmercial affairs, that
has poured down upon himself, and myself, and
other gentlemen who are supposed to have influ-
ence, a large number of suffering people who are
begging they may be permitted to toil for their
daily bread, and are willing and anxious to give
the labor of their hands in any avocation to se-
cure the means of support for their famishing
families. Will gentlemen drive the hungry man
starving for want of bread from their door. I say
here, before God and the world, I will not. I will
rather pursue the course of my friend from New
York, [Mr. Clark;] appeal to the powers that
be, as he did in his letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, printed in this report of the investigating
committee, and which does honor to his head and
heart; and beg that the famishing may have an
opportunity honestly to earn their bread. That
is my course of action.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It becomes apparent that gentle-
men are speaking for Buncombe here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg the gentleman's par-
don; I do not speak for any such purpose. I do
not know any such person. He is a stranger to
me. 1 have no acquaintance with him, and de-
sire to have none with Mr. Buncombe. Is the
gentleman answered!
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of going into the
House and adopting a resolution terminating this
five minutes'debate. Gentlemen can then have
the opportunity of proposing amendments just as
at present, but we shall be clear of this intermin-
able debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to that motion. I
have got an amendment to propose to this bill. I
have the right to propose it, and the gentleman
has no right to cut me off.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to move that the committee rise. He has
made that motion, and it is not debatable.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I protest against it.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the Chair, Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill of the House No. 712, mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Navy
for the year ending June 30, I860, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the con-
sent of the House to submit a motion, that the five
minutes'debate be terminated upon House bill
No. 712 as soon as the committee shall resume
its consideration.
Mr. CRAIGE, of Missouri. I object. ,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to introduce the mo-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
My point is, that the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri is, in effect, to apply the previous
question upon this bill in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, by which all debate is
eut off in committee. Now, sir, it cannot be done.
The bill is not within the jurisdiction of the
House, to be acted- on in that way. The object of
the previous question in the House is, that when-
ever debate has been continued to thatextentthat
the House believes the public interest will not be
subserved by its further continuance, it may be
cut off'by the previous question, if the House
shall sustain the demand. But no such rule can
apply in committee. The very object of having
a committee at all would be defeated by sustain-
ing such injustice. I submit that it is not com-
petent for the gentleman to make the motion.
ROCK ISLAND RESERVATION.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Before the House ad-
journs, I desire leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion, which, if there be objection, I will not press
upon the House. It is one of vast importance,
and, I think, ought to pass without objection. I
send it up to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it
may be read.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas Rock Island, in the Mississippi river, a military
reservation belonging to the United States, estimated to be
worth $2,000,000, has been seized by certain persons who
claim a preemption right thereto: and whereas it appears
the Commissioner of the General Land Office lias decided
in favoi of the validity of the pieemption right, which de-
cision has been overruled by the Secretary of the Interior,
whose decision the claimants refuse to regard as final and
conclusive in the premises, and are now engaged in press-
ing Congress for a reversal of the same : and whereas it is
believed that unless due vigilance is exercised, the Govern-
ment will suffer a loss of more than a million dollars t There-
fore,
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint three persons as com-
missioners, to investigate and report to next Congress the
character of the claim aforesaid, the value of the island, its
adaptability for military purposes, and whether, in the opin-
ion of the commissioner, it should be continued or aban-
doned as such; and further, whether any undue influence
has been resorted to for the purpose of securing the island
to the claimants, together with the names of the claimants
and parties concerned; for which purpose the commission-
er shall have full power to send for persons and papers,
and administer oaths to witnesses, and exercise all other
incidental power necessary to the full and complete dis-
charge ofal! the duties of said commission.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that that reservation is
now under the charge of the War Department,
and that the Secretary of War would be the
proper authority to appoint such a commission,
if it is to be appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest to my friend from Pennsylvania that he had
better strike out " Secretary of the Interior" in
his resolution, and insert " Secretary of War."
Mr. PURVIANCE. I answer the gentleman
that I have great faith in the Secretary of the In-
terior, and do not desire to change the resolution.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man if these claims are not already in suit in the
courts ?
Mr. PURVIANCE. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman had better modify his resolution as I
nave suggested.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I decline to modify it.
Mr. COBB. 1 do not think it is necessary to
incur any such expense in reference to this mat-
ter at Rock Island, as the appointment of a com-
mission. The Committee on Public Lands have
the whole subject before them, and have not
acted upon it, because they thought there would
be no chance to have the matter considered this
session. They can report upon it, if necessary,
and bring the wjiole matter before the House,
just as well as to appoint a commission to go to
Rock Island. I object to the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
House ought to adopt some measure by which
the property there shall be protected.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia, and decides that the House has the right
to suspend the five minutes' debate in committee.
It has done it, within the recollection of the
Chair, at least twenty"%imes.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair
