THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. €.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1859.
New Series....No. !
referred to them, they would be exceeding their
authority. Any member of the committee, as a
member of the House, might propose amend-
ments; but as a committee they have no such right,
because the matter has not been referred to them.
We have, under the rules of the House, power
to report independent propositions in reference
to economy and retrenchment, but we have no
right to report amendments to the naval appro-
priation bill, unless it is referred to us.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man says the Committee on Naval Affairs has no
jurisdiction over the subject. It has jurisdiction
'over everything contained in this bill, and over
everything pertaining to the Navy. And par-
ticularly, if the gentleman is, desirous of intro-
ducing retrenchment, reform, and economy, that
committee certainly has jurisdiction, for the rule
reads:
" And also to report from time to time such measures as
may contribute to economy and accountability in the said
establishment."
And besides, so much of the President's message
as relates to the Navy is referred.to that commit-
tee; and that gives it full and plenary jurisdiction
over everything connected with the Navy. On a
former occasion, that portion of the President's
message which related to California was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and they reported a bill for the admission
of the State of California. They obtained juris-
diction over the question only by reference to it of
the President's message. And moiethan that, it
is the every day practice,when appropriation bills
are under consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for members to
rise and offer amendments.
1 did not intend to detain the House so long,
but inasmuch as I feel bound to vote against the
proposition, I desire that the reasons which com-
pel me, reluctantly, to differ from the gentleman
from Ohio, should be stated.
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. LE1TER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to ask my
colleague (Sir. Sherman] what facts are in his
possession which authorize him to make the dec-
laration that, if his proposition is agreed to, there
will be a saving to the country of two or three
million dollars'? It is important that we should
have the information, if he has any, for I differ
fiom him as to the propriety of the reference he
proposes. If I vote against his proposed refer-
ence, I shall do so because I believe that the legis-
lation of the country requires that this bill should
take the ordinary direction; but if he can give me
any valid reason why I should vote for it, on the
ground of retrenchment and reform, I shall do so,
though contrary to my present intention.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find, by reference to the estimates laid upon
our table, that there are estimates far the next
fiscal year for the expenses of the navy-yards of
the Government amounting to $2,001,827. He
will also find that there is an estimate for increase
of and repairs of the Navy, a single item of
$3,100,000. There are other similar items. But
to go no further, here are two items of over five
million dollars. Now, as one of the Committee
on Naval Affairs—I speak for myself alone—I am
prepared to show to the House and the counWy,
if the matter is brought before the committee of
which I am a member, that, of this amount, not
one third is indispensably required for the pur-
poses for which they are to be appropriated; that
the expenditure is made upon old hulks jmd ves-
sels which, when repaired, are not worth the cost
of repairs. i am prepared to show that the amount
of $2,000,000, proposed to be appropriated for the
navy-yards, has been increased from 1820, when
it was only ^65,000; and in 1S30, when it was
only $180,000; and that three fourths of the pres-
ent estimates might properly be saved to the na--
tion.
Therefore it is, I say, that by a reference to and
examination of this matter by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, there will be a large saving. I there-
of?
fore say, from the expressions I have heard, that
the Naval Committee are prepared to look into
these expenditures, to examine them thoroughly
—an examination which the Committee of Ways
and Means never had the opportunity, the time,
nor the physical ability, to make, because they
have to examine expenditures to the amount of
$80,000,000, item for item, and account for ac-
count. They* cannot do it. They might have
done it in the early history of our Government,
when our annual expenses were only §2,000,000.
Mr. LE1TER. 1 wish to ask my colleague if
the Committee of the-'VJJhole on the state of the
Union is not the very best of all places to make
these corrections of which he speaks?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will answer the
gentleman with the greatest pleasure. We all
know what the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union is. When you go into that
committee, every thing is in order. We have
speeches about Kansas,Oregon, and every other
conceivable subject; and this bill can n'ever be
properly considered there. It is true that under
the five-minutes rule we may possibly get on
amendments, but how can asy man in that time
explain any thing in regard to any great depart-
ment of this Government? Plow will any man
attempt to arraign before this House the naval
estimates in five minutes? Sir, it is impossible.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is no place for business. It is only useful
for general debate, spreading over a great space
of time, and generally without the least practical
result.
Mr. LEITER. Another word to my colleague.
Is it not a fact that the Committee of Ways and
Means has not reported the amount which lie has
read ?
Mr. GROW. I prefer to go on now, as I have
but little to say, and will then yield the floor.
Mr. Speaker, the object of the proposition of
the gentleman from Oiiio, [Mr. Sherman,] as I
understand it, is to facilitate the business of the
House—a matter-in which we are all interested.
Under the rules, as tliey now exist, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are required to leport
the appropriation bills within the fust thirty
days of the session. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] should it be-
come the practice, is an innovation upon the reg-
ular course of business in the House; and I am
gratified that the motion has been made, so as to
call the attention of the House to its practice on
appropriation bills, in order that the proper cor-
rection, if any be necessary in the course of legis-
lation, may be applied. But it seems to me that
the proper mode of proceeding by the House
would be to so change our rules as to refer the esti-
mates, as they'come from the Departments, to the
appropriate committee# having charge of the par-
ticular branch of the public service, requiring them
to report within a certain number of days; and
that then the bills prepared by them shall be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Committee on Naval Affairs would then re-
port to the House such appropriations as it deems
necessary for that branch of the public service,
instead of coming in, as now, with amendments
to the Navy appropriation bill as reported from
the Ways and Means Committee., amendments
which are not printed, and thus affording no fair
opportunity of examining their full import, often
pressed at the close of the session, when every-
thing is in greaf confusion.
By a reference of the estimates first to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, we should have these
amendments and recommendations of the com-
mittee printed and before the House. We could
examine them at our leisure; ,we could ascertain
whether appropriations proposed by the commit-
i tee could be curtailed without injury to that branch
j of the service. But the Committee of Ways and
I Means should have the final action upon the ap-
propriation bills before they are reported for the
action of the House, for the reason that that
committee have to provide the ways and means
for meeting the appropriations made. How can
the members of that committee provide these
means unless they have the opportunity to ascer-
tain what will be the aggregate amount tobe pE%-
vided. They ought, for that purpose, to have,
the appropriation billsyin order that they may
foot up and see whether the revenues of the Gov-
ernment will meet the proposed expenditures., If-
they are not enough, then it is their duty to rec-.
ommendsome means of increasing them, or cur-,
tailing the expenditures proposed. In this way,
we should facilitate the business of the Hou.se,
while imposing on each committee its.appro'priate-
duty. I am in favor of introducing such a -sys-
tem, for I think it would be a wise one.' But, sir,-
it can only be carried out by a change of the.#
rules. A committee on the rules was appointed
at the last session; and that committee i! ready .
and anxious to make a report. By the changes'
we propose, we hope to avoid many of the ob-
jections that have been so ably urged by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the force of
which we all feel and appreciate. As the legisla-
tion is now conducted, it is indeed too true that
the appropriations of the public money receive
less intelligent consideration that any other sub-
ject. The Committee of Ways and Means re-
port a general bill, and it is sent to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. Then
the Committee on Naval Affairs, or the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, or any other committee,
will propose amendments, which are not printed
and before us for examination and the scrutiny
they deserve. These amendments, involving ex-
penditures of millions, cannot be well examined
by the House, and must be embarrassing to the
Committee of Ways and Means, for they have
no control over those appropriations; and it may
be that they will go to make up an aggregate be-1
yond the revenues of the Government.
I desire, sir, to see this change made, yet I shall
vote, for the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
My object in rising was to indicate my views on
the general question of a change in the practice of
the House, but not as expressing (and I presume
that is the feeling with eve ly one) any want of con-
fidence in the Committee of Ways and Means
more than in any other committee of this House.
I regard it simply as a question of fair, practical .
legislation. What is the proper mode of bring-
ing these appropriation bills-before the House ? I
have indicated my own opinion that the proper
mode can be reached only by a change of the
rules. But, in this particular case the gentleman
from Ohio says that he can satisfy the Naval Com-
mittee thatthis bill ought to be reduced in amount;
and I am willing, therefore, that it should be re-
ferred to that committee in order, if possible, to
make such a reduction.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, as the rules of
the House require the Committee of Ways and
Means to reportall the general appropriation bills
within thirty days after their appointment, with
a view that the House may take early action on
them in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I wish to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether he knows of any rule
which requires the Committee on Naval Affairs,
if this be referred to them, to make a report within
any specified period ?
Mr. GROW. Certainly not; and a that is why
' I was objecting to this mode of changing the prac-
; tiee of the House. The estimates should first go to
the several standing committees; and then, when
' they make their reports, those reports should he
: referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
i Mr. MILLSON. I inquired if the gentleman
^ knows of any rule by which the Committee on
I Naval Affairs will be required-to report this bill
| back within any specified period. If the gentle-
■ man knows of no rule by which the committee
| will be enabled to make a report at any time un-
! til it may be called in the regular order of the call,
i of committees, 1 would ask him whether he is
moved to vote for the motion of the gentleman from
| Ohio, in the present case, merely because of
! statement made by the gentleman from Ohio)that,
i in tho ye*v 1830 the appropr;.s,iWi3 tor niiprove-
