1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^February 26,
And again:
• " Completing saw-mill machinery^ saw shed, and railway
vans These are all important objects, and a st$all amount
only is required for them. Tile works are m an unfinished
state, and it is very desirable that their final completion
should no longer be delayed."
And bo on with other it,ems. They are nearly
all items for (he completion of works already com-
menced, and yet the gentleman, from Ohio has
stated that the appro^rjatipns are asked for the
construction of new works, and not for. the com-
pletion of works already commenced.
Sir, the gentleman is much mistaken about
this as he was yesterday, when he stated that the
repairs of the Niagara had cost more than one
million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN, Qf Ohio. I am correct about
that.
Mr. MILLSON. Here is the official report
. stating that the cost of the Niagara was 062,422,
and the cos.t of repairs $56,572 at one time, and
$6,000 at another.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. What does the
gentleman read from ?
Mr, MILLSON. From the statement, of the
cost of, building and repairing vessels m the Uni-
ted States Navy. ' *
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The Niagara was
completed before the lstpf March, 1857; and that
statement relates to expenses since that period.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman is in error;
he should have recollected that the Niagara was
built by George Steers, a private shipwright, spe-
cially employed by the Government, ani not by
the naval constructors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEAN. I oppose the amendment, pro
forma, and ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman—[loudcries
of" Question !" " Question !" from every partof
the Hall,] I propose to offer an amendment to the
amendment. [Renewed and deafening cries of
"Question," and great confusion and impatience.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania sees the temper of the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannothelpthat. [Laugh-
ter, and shouts of " Question !"] I am not ex-
cited. I am of an equable temper. [Renewed
and vociferous shouts of " Question ! "j I desire
to offer an amendment in the performance of my
duty as a member of this House, and I will do it.
[Cries of " Question!" and " Order!" and great
laughter and confusion.]
Mr. PEYTON. I call thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania to order. He has offered no amendment
and has no right to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. If other gentlemen have
not elasticity enough to perform their duties here,
I have to perform mine; and in the performance
of that duty I mean to offer an amendment to this
amendment, and I have clcarly a light to do it.
[Cries of "Order! "and "Question!"]
Mr. PEYTON. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, you need not do that;
I am always in order. [Laughter and uproar.]
The CHA1RMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will take Ins seat.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, I will do so.
[Renewed and continued shouts of " Ques-
tion !"]
The CHA IRMAN. The committee will come
to order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has
a right to offer Ins amendment to the amendment
if it is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to increase the ap-
propriation for the Philadelphia navy-yard, so as
to make the amount $100,000. [Cries of " Ques
tion!" ]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair docs not think
that amendment is in order, for the reason that it
is evident that it is a pro forma amendment. [Cries
of " Tiiat is right!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move to reinstate
the amount recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
make that motion, as he has made it once already.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will make it one i
dollar less. [Loud cries of " Not in order!" and |
"Question!''] I
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, for the reason that it is evidently a pro
fornta amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. [Amidsttremendous. shouts
of"Order !"and "Question!"] I offer the amend-
ment in good faith, because, if lcannot restore the
whole amount, I desire to restore thus much of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has offered
this amendment once before.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move to make it
three dollars less.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
amendment out of order. [Cries of "Good!"
" Good!"] ,
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist upon my right to
offer that amendment. [Loud cries of " Order!"
and great uproar and confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. FLORENCE. X ask the Chair to think
of the precedent he is establishing, in forcing a
member off the floor in this way. [Great up-
roar.]
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvaniadoes not immediately come to order,
the Chairman will be compelled to vacate the
chair, and report his disorderly conduct to the
Speaker.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Chair and gentlemen
of this committee may exercise alj the tyranny
they choose. [Shouts oL" Ord'er!"] I am oc-
cupying the floor under*he rules. [Renewed
cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will take his seat until the question of
order is decided.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will do it with pleasure.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania proposed an amendment; the Chair ruled
it out of order. The gentleman then proposed
another amendment, which the Chair also ruled
out of order; and he has proposed several other
amendments which, it was manifest to the Chair,
were merely offered pro forma and to evade the
rules of the House. The gentleman now proposes
to increase the amount three dollars; and the
Chair, for the reason already stated, rules that
amendment out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the Chair is
wrong.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman does not
wish to do injustice to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought not.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania will state in what respect the Chair is
wrong.
Mr. FLORENCE. I moved to increase the
amount to within three dollars of the sum recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means.
[Cries of " That is the same thing!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair decides
that that is not in order, because it is evidently a
•proforma amendment.
M r. FLORENCE. I aver upon my conscience
that I offer it'in good faith. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will en-
tertain the amendment.
Mr. McQUEEN. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has not occupied the floor
more than live times as much as any other mem-
ber to-d,iy, 1 hope he will be allowed to proceed.
[Loud cries of " Question!" " Question !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will come
to order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania will
proceed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I believe, sir, that this
amount is accessary for the wants of the public
service, and I offer the amendment in good faith.
I do not intend to discuss it elaborately. It ap-
peals to every gentleman's sense of right, and I
do not desire to occupy a moment of the time of
the House needlessly. 1 believe gentlemen have
made up their minds that the amount recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means
is absolutely necessary, and I leave the question
with them, to adopt or reject my amendment.
The amendment to theamendmentwas rejected.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Sherman, of
Ohio, was then agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, and I will submit it to the committee with-
out saying a word upon it:
Brunswick.—For prosecuting and continuing the woiks
on Blythe Island, on the coast of Georgia, as contemplated
by the act of January 28,1857, §100,000.
Mr. OLIN. I oppose the amendment. Now
let it be voted upon.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the amendment will
be allowed to go, by general consent, into the
House, so that we may have a vote upon it there.
Mr. MOORE.. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. Then let us have a division
00 it. ■ '
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Seward and Cbaffse were appointed.
The committee divided; and. the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-eight; a further count not being
demanded.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have *an
amendment, which I will send to the Chair; and
if it is in order, I would wish to have it come in
at the end of line one hundred and fifty-seven:
For support of beneficiaries at the asylum, $26,680: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall permit invalid
seamen, who are entitled to the privileges of the naval
asylums in the United States, to remain with tlieir fam-
ilies or friends, when they shall so elect, with an allowance
of twelve dollars per mouth, instead of compelling them to
reside at either of the naval asylums, said allowance being
in lieu of all benefits of every kind from the said asylums.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment is clearly out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
this amendment, being upon a different subject
from the clause in the bill, which provides for the
support of those in the asylum, is not in order.
The amendment provides for the support of per-
sons outside the asylum. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order under the 55th rule,
which says that propositions different from the
matter under consideration shall not be received
as in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish simply
to suggest to the Chair that this amendment has
particular reference to the manner of expending
the amount appropriated for the support of those
entitled to the benefits of the naval asylums,
whether they are in or out of an asylum. It mere-
ly gives direction to the expenditure, and does
not seem to conflict with any law or regulation
applicable to the collection or disbursement of the
naval asylum fund. I think the amendment ia
in order, because it refers to those who have es-
tablished their right to the privileges of an asy-
lum, and hence are within the meaning of the
term "beneficiaries," as used in this connection.
Of course, no man is entitled until he has virtually
gained admission under existing laws and regu-
lations.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that these per-
sons are now entitled to admission into naval
asylums. The only object of the amendment is,
I suppose, to make a change in the arrangement
as a matter of convenience. I think it is right,
and in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the
Chair allow me just to say that this amendment
embodies the substance of a bill reported by my-
self from the Committee on Naval Affairs? I
made that report in strict conformity with the
judgment of every member of the committee; and
as a measure of economy as well as humanity,
the bill ought to pass ill some form. The Secre-
tary of the Navy recommends it in his report of
this year; and as the money is, in point of fact,
appropriated out of a fund belonging to the sea-
men and contributed by them for their own bene-
fit, it seems but just that their comfort should be
provided for as carefully as possible. The idu y
and regulations governing these asylums are
ample to protect the Government from any at-
tempt at, imposition. A service of twenty years
and a certificate from a naval surgeon that the
applicant is unable to perform manual labor, are
among the requirements made at the Department
before admission is granted to applicants; and
it is a fact that it sometimes happens that men
fully entitled to the benefits of the asylums are
too helpless to be removed from home, or, if at
the asylum, to remain there without constant care
and attention. And after having contributed for
twenty years to the naval asylum fund, they
have to be supported in old age by the hard labor
of female relatives and friends. If this amend-
ment were passed and made available by seamen
now at the asylums, it would, according to the
