1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
The question being taken on the adoption of
the amendment of the Senate,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Nichols and Clay.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 67.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
third and fourth amendments be considered to-
gether.
There was no- objection.
The third and fourth amendments were read as
follows:
Strike from the following paragraph the word " Simoda,'>
and reduce the appropriation from $240,000 to $235,000 :
" For salaries of consuls general at Quebec, Calcutta,
Alexandria,Simoda, Havana, Constantinople, Frankfort-on-
the-JVIain ; eonsuls at Liverpool, London,Melbourne, Hong
Kong, Glasgow, Mauritius, Singapore, Belfast, Cork, Dun-
dee, Demarara, Halifax. Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds, Man-
chester, Nassau, (New Providence,) Southampton,Turk's
Island, Prince Edward's Island, Havre, Paris, Marseilles,
Bordeaux, La Rochelle, Lyons, Moscow, Odessa, Revel,
Saint Petersburg!!, Matanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago
de Cuba, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga, Ponce,
(Porto Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix-Ia-Chapelle, Canton,
Shanghae, Fouchou, Amoy, Ningpo, Beirut. Smyrna, Je-
rusalem, Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Funchal,Opor-
to, Saint Thomas, Elsineur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva, Mes-
sina, Naples, Palermo, Leipsic, Munich, Leghorn, Stutt-
gardt, Bremen, Hamburg, Tangiers, Tiipoli, Tunis, Rio de
Janeiro, Pernambuco, Vera Cruz, Acapulco. Callao, Val-
paiaiso, Buenos Ayre?, San Juan del Sur, Aspinwall, Pan-
ama, Laguayra, Honolulu, Lahaina, Capetown, Falkland
Islands, Venice, Stettin, Candia, Cyprus, Batavia, FayaJ,
Santiago, (Cape de Yerdes,) Saint Cioix, Spezzia, Athens,
Zanzibar, Baliia, Maranham Island, Para, Rio Grande,
Matamoras, Mexico, (city,) Tampico, Paso del Norte, Ta-
basco, Paita, Tumbez, Talcuhuano, Carthagena, Sabamllo,
Oinoa, Guayaquil, Cobija, Montevideo, Tahiti, Bay of
Islands, Apia, Lonthala; commercial agents at San Juan
del Norte, Port au Prince, San Domingo, (city.) St. gaul de
Loanda, (Angola,) Monrovia, Gaboon, Cape Hayticn, Aux
Cayesj and Amoor river, $240,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Increase the appropriation in the following paragraph to
§150,000:
" For compensation of the commissioner, secretary, chief
astronomer and surveyor, assistant astronomer and sur-
veyor, clerk, and for provisions, transportation, and contin-
gencies of the commission to run and mark the boundary
line between the United States and the British possessions
bounding on Washington Territory, $71,000."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rencft in that amendment. An estimate was sub-
mitted for a survey of the northwestern bound-
ary of §150,000. The Committee of Ways and
Means reduced that to $71,000. The Senate have
reinstated $150,000, which was the estimate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Mr. Chair-
man, I trust that the Senate amendment will be.
adopted. The gentleman who is charged with the
work is a gentleman of experience, who has been
upon the ground for a year and a half. This ap-
propriation of $150,000 is the amount suggested
by that experience; $71,000 is only a conjectural
estimate, made in this city previous to the de-
parture of the commissioner. The British com-
missioner is there. He has an organized party,
and is ready to push on the work. It is import-
ant that our portion ofxhe work should be prose-
cuted with equal vigor and efficiency.
That boundary line, it is important, Mr. Chair-
man, should be now laid down. We know that
there are mines of gold in British Columbia, and
in the adjoining portions of Washington, and
that population has gone there, and communities
become established. This line runs through the
gold region.
We have the report of Mr. Nugent, our special
commissioner to British Columbia, of what kind
of government there is there. The courts there
afford no justicc to American citizens. It is im-
portant the line should be fixed, so as to prevent
a conflict of jurisdiction. Moreover, there is a
water line to be run. The channel is in dispute.
The British Government claims the Rosario chan-
nel along the main, and we claim the channel
de Haw, along Vancouver's Island. This latter
is unquestionably the channel of the treaty. Yet
the British Government claim the intermediate
islands, which are extremely valuable, particu-
larly in a military point of .view. It is of the ut-
most consequence that the boundary line should be
established, and the work prosccuted with vigor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrencc. My
information in reference to the work is that the
American commission is ahead of the British com-
mission. Sixty thousand dollars for contingent
expenses and $11,000 for salaries of the officers,
under the act of 1856, is entirely enough. There
was not a dissenting voice in the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose that this bound-
ary must be run, and we may as well do it now
as at any other time. I^hope, therefore, that the
amendment of the Senate will be concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, called for
tellers. :
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morse, of
'Maine, and Peyton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
res thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We are acting
here under the general rules*of the House, and
gentlemen can, if they choose, indulge in hour
debate. I ask that, by unanimous consent, the
committee will consider the five-minute rule in
force.
[Cries of " agreed."]
The CHAIRMAN. It is sq ordered.
Sixth amendment:
Add the following section :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the salary pro-
vided by the third section of "An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United States," approved
August 18,1856, as compensation for the consul general of
British North America, as by schedule B, shall be in full of
all compensation allowed to that officer; and all fees re-
ceived by any vice consul or commercial agent in British
North America, exceeding the amount allowed by the Pres-
ident as compensation tor his services, and all fees received
by said consul general, shall be accounted for by such offi-
cers, respectively, to the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fee for certify-
ing invoices, and for certifying the place of growth or pro-
duction of goods made duty free by the reciprocity treaty,
to be charged by the consul general for the British North
American provinces and subordinate consular officers or
agents in said provinces, shall be fifty cents for each certifi-
cate, and no more. And no such certificate of the growth
or production shall be required for goods not exceeding in
value the sum of $200.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That no more money
for the fiscal year commencing July 1,1839, shall be ex-
pended for the objects herein provided for than the amount
appropnated in this bill, together with such amounts of the
permanent and indefinite appropriations as may be applica-
ble thereto.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence
in this amendment. There are obvious reasons
why it should not be concurred in. The salaries
of our Ministers abroad, those provided for in
this bill, amountto $304,000. But there is only ap- i
propriatedin this bill,for that purpose, $204,000, !
there being an estimated Appended balance on
hand, at the expiration oftnis year, of §100,000,
which is applicable to the payment of these sala-
ries. So, also, with regard to the secretaries of
legations. No appropriation is made in this bill
for the payment of these salaries, because it is
estimated that there will be a sufficient balance on
hand to pay them.
Now, this amendment provides that no more
money shall be expended for the objects specified
in this bill, for the fiscal year commencing July
1, 1859, than the amounts appropnated therefor.
We have only appropriated $204,000 for the sal-
aries of ministers; and these salaries amount to
§304,000. We have appropriated nothing for the
salaries of secretaries of legation; and these sala-
ries amount to $30,000. So,also, with regard to
other items, where the estimated balances were
deducted from the amount required for the service
for the fiscal year.
I now call the attention of the committee to the
residue of the amendment:
" Together with such amount of the permanent and in-
definite appiopriations as may be applicable thereto." 1
There are no permanent or indefinite appropri- ;
ations applicable to the objects specified in this i
bill. Therefore that portion of the section is un-
meaning; and the whole amendment would cause
great embarrassment.
Mr. GROW. By the showing of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, either
there were indefinite appropriations to make up
the amount estimated for, or the Committee of
Ways and Means has not done its duty.
Mr. HOWARD. It is estimated that there
will be an unexpended balance of $100,000 appli-
cable to the salaries of ministers, on the 30th of
June next; and we therefore recommend the de-
duction of that sum from the estimates for next,
year, which amount to $304,000. We supposed
that this $100,000 would be applied to the pay-
ment of these salaries, and therefore recommended
an appropriation of only $204,000. But the effect
of this amendment, if concurred in, will be that
if all the other unexpended balances are added
in this way, some twelve million dollars of the
legitimate expenses of this year will be trans-
ferred to the next year. Besides, it will give the
Executive Departments the power—having only
$204,000 to pay liabilities to the amount of •
$304,000—to distribute this sum at their discre-
tion, leaving a deficiency of $100,000 for.next
year.
This amendment ought to be non-concurred in.
•It is a blind way of negotiating loans, and trans-
ferring the power that belongs to this House to
the Executive Departments.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know why the un-
expended balance of $100,000 will not be applied
to the payment of these salaries?
Mr. HOWARD. This is the beginning of a
scheme to apply the $12,000,000 of unexpended
balances in this way.
Mr. GROW. What I desire to know is, why
the unexpended balance of $100,000, which the
Committee of Ways and Means calculated on,
will not be applicable under this amendment ?
Mr. HOWARD. This amendment is for the
purpose of preventing that.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The phrase," per-
manent and indefinite appropriations,5' has a spe-
cific meaning, and would embrace your annual
appropriations for all purposes.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
amendments to this consular and diplomatic bill
belaid aside, to be reported to the House; and
that the committee take up the Senate's amend-
ments to the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, the five-minute rule may be considered
ajUglicable to it.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The Senate's amendments to the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill,, were
then taken up and considered.
First amendment:
After the word " Senators," strike out "$319,018 88,"
and insert in lieu thereof," $338,861 72," so that the clause
will read:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $338,861 72.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
is necessary in consequence of the addition of two
members to the Senate at this session. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means reeommend a concur-
rence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 2, line nine, after the ward u carry-alls," strike out
« $32,509, "and insert'1 $35,004 50/' so that the clause will
read:
For cleiks to committees, pages, police, horses, and carry-
alls, $35,004 50.5
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment. It is made necessary in conse-
quence of the additions to the Capitol police.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Line eleven, after the word " Senate," insert:
And for the additional policc appointed January 12,1859,
daring the present fiscal year, $1,508 32; making, together,
$36,504.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
appropriates money for these new police for the
residue of the fiscal year. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend that the amend-
ment be concurred in, with the following amend-
ment:
And the further sum of $1,549 14, being for the moiety
