1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contemplated in those resolutions exists. You,
sir, and this House will bear me witness that we
consumed the whole of yesterday in discussing
dead issues in relation to Central America; while
livinglssues, springing out of our interests in that
quarter, are hourly demanding our consideration.
Yes, sir, while we are talking about General
Walker, and reviving the question in a personal
aspect, and that, too, with reference to transac-
tions which transpired a year ago, a British min-
ister is "negotiating a treaty in Central America;
aproceeding in which American interests will meet
■with about the same kindly consideration that the
fable represents the doves to have received from
the protecting care of the hawk. We know, too,
that a British fleet, under the pretense of afford-
ing protection to that functionary, blockades the
harbors of Central America, and domineers over
the commerce of the world. From across the
seas, the same winds which fill the sails of the
" homeward-bound," waft to our ears rumors of
European alliances, the basis of which is, Euro-
pean interference with American affairs. I shall
notice a single one of the most recent of these,
which comes in a shape not to be questioned. I
read, sir, the translation of an extract from a
French paper, the Courrierde Paris, of December
14,as follows:
" It has been said for some days past, there is a project
for a mixed monarchy for the island of Cuba, and that of
Porto Rico, which would give to those possessions an inde-
pendent existence, a nationality of winch they have always
been deprived. It is possible, also, that in the near future,
Mexico—alas for her internal convulsions!—will become
more calm. She catj then follow their example, and an in-
timate alliance between the three kingdoms would sutlice
to protect them against the aggiessions ot their poweitul
neighbors. This plan is said lo be irresistible, and Spain,
tlie°tirst who has taken the initiation, would not hesitate a
momentto put it in practice. Perhaps for heiself, it is not
to be regretted, for she does not at present succeed in main-
taining her dominion over Cuba by example; but has to aid
it by a display of foice which tenders that rich colony a
burdensome chaige upon the mother country."
So much for European rumors.
At our side we behold our sister Republic, once
of fair and comely form, and radiant with prom-
ise now convulsed with the throes of a deadly rev-
olution. It is my intention at present to call the
attention of the House only to the first of these
questions: the condition of Central American af-
fairs, and more immediately as connected with the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. I hold this treaty m my
hands. It is the result of what the world calls di-
plomacy—European diplomacy—thegist of which
consists in each of the contracting parties aftect-
in°- to concede and determine a great deal; using
language, however,from which they subsequently
prove, to their own satisfaction at least, that they
concede and determine nothing.
What seems to me to be wanting at present on
our part, is action definite and specific. That ac-
tion is now before the House forconsideration, m
the shape of a joint resolution,which reads as fol-
lows:
« Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to take such steps as may be, m his judgment,
best calculated to effect a speedy abrogation of said treaty.
I am aware, sir, that captious objection maybe
taken at the outset to such a proceeding on our
part, upon the ground that by so doing we would
infringe the prerogatives of the President and the
Senate, who, by the Constitution, are the treaty-
making department of the Government. For one,
sir, I would never lend my aid to any measure
which I thought would violate this provision of
the Constitution, either in letter or spirit. But I
submit that this resolution does neither. For I
hold it to be the true theory of our Government,
that the popular will is the supreme Saw of the
land, and the Senate and the President—thetreaty-
makino- p0Wer_ate only one of the formula used
to express and carry out that will. Hence it would
seem to be eminently proper that this House, the
immediate representative of the people, sh?uld
make known the popular will upon all occasions
when, in its judgment, the necessity of the case
requires it. In my humble judgment this is one
of those occasions. I shall therefore procc:ed^to
state, concisely, the grounds upon which I advo-
cate the passage of this resolution, and, as, a con-
sequence, the abrogation of the Clayto.i-Buhvei
treaty.
Mv first proposition is—
That we derive no advantage whatever from the
operation <f this treaty. And the history;.of^the
matter, subsequent to its ratification, will bear me
out in what I say. It has accomplished for us no
one of the things it was intended to accomplish:*
One of the objects of the treaty, as set forth m
the instrument itself, was " to consolidate the
relations of amity so happily sqbsisting between
the t\?o countries." Instead of so doing, it has
more than once threatened to rupture those rela-
tions in the most serious manner. Adopted, rat-
ified, and exchanged, in 3850, it has since that
time been the fruitful source of irritations and
contentions between Great Britain and this coun-
try.
Another object was to guaranty to the com-
merce of the world the common use of a proposed
ship canal. This was rather an ostensible than
a real object with our Government. Though it,
doubtless, lured our people into an acquiescence
which they would otherwise have been slow to
give. But at all events, as the canal has never been
made,—and, indeed,is now pronounced impracti-
cable by some of the very parties who proposed
to construct it—the treaty is a nullity in this par-
ticular. But the principal object our Government
had in view, was to prevent English interference
and English domination in Central American
affairs. Not, sir, that we conceded her posses-
sions in that quarter to be rightful, or her preten-
sions to be just; but because we wished to put both
beyond all question by her solemn relinquishment.
To do this we entered into the same engagement
for ourselves; which, without doubt,.was the con-
sideration that induced Great Britain to confirm
the treaty. To show that this was our object, as
well as hers, I will read the first article of the
treaty:
" The Governments of the United States and Great Brit-
ain hereby declare that neither the one nor the other will
ever obtain or maintain for itself any exclusive cmuiol over
the said ship canal; agreeing that neillierwill ever erect or
maintain nnv fomficaiioiis commanding the same or in the
vicinity thereof; or occupy, or lortitv, or colonize,
sume, or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Cor-ta Jiiea,
the Mosipulo coast", or any part of Central Amenca; nor
will either make use of anv protection winch eitheraflouls
or may afford, or any alliance which either has or may have
to or with any Stale or people, for the purpoae of erecting
or maintaining any such fortifications, or of oecupvin",
fortifying, or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mos-
quito coast, or any part ot Central America, or of assuming
or exeieising any dominion over the same; nor will the
United States or Great Britain take advantage of any inti-
macy, or use any alliance, connection, or influence that
either may possess with any State m Government, through
whose territory the saill canal may pa*s, for the purpose of
scanning ot holding, directly oi indirectly, for the citizens
or the subjects of the one, any rights oi advantages m re-
gard to coDiuifiiec or navigation through said canal, wlnell
shall not he offeied on the same teims to the citizens or sub-
jects of the other."
Yet, sir, have we not signally failed to accom-
plish that object on our part ? Have we ever ap-
proximated it? Has Great Britain relinquished a
single foot of that country? Does s le not occupy
and exercise as much dominion as ever, over a
great part of it? From the hour that treaty was
ratified until this moment she has not fulfilled its
plainest stipulation. She refused to do so upon
various pretexts, always however contriving to
postpone the matter, until nearly two years had
elapsed, when, as if to shock the common sense
of this nation, Lord Clarendon took the position
that the treaty in question was not to operate
upon the, existing state of things, but was only
to take effect in futuro. Now I shall not consume
the time of the House by attempting to disprove
the justness of the English construction. That con-
struction, sir, is almost beneath criticism, for its
reverse is as apparent upon the face ot the treaty
itself, as are the signatuics appended to it. Lord
Clarendon's letters written to bolster up his novel
construction of it are, with all his force of intel-
lect, only so many specimens of sophistry, cas-
uistry, and word-logic, which one would have ex-
pected rather to have emanated from the schoolmen
ofthe middle ages, than from amodern statesman.
They were at the time completely exposed and
riddled by our able Minister at the Court of St.
James, now our worthy President. It was indeed
almost a work of supererogation^! his part, so far
as it concerned the public mind of Amenca; for
I doubt whether a sane man could be found within
the limits of this Republic, whose mind could be
so pervorted as to adopt the monstrous idea that
this tveaty was purely prospective in its opera-
tion,in the faceofits obvious and palpable mean-
in0- to the contrary. _
But sir, ho England now construes U, ana what
is more to the point, she acts upon this construc-
tion. The consequence is} that jher jJ|egaV<pos 
sessions in Central America are as extensive as
ever; her Mosquito Indian protectorate as,vigor-
ous as ever; and ber.interference Under its guise
in the affairs of Nicaragua and Costa Rica i ather
more frequent,than heretofore. Thus, sir, have
we failed, utterly failed, in accomplishinga single
purpose had in view when we negotiated this
treaty. This treaty then is impotent for good.
Hence its abrogation, even without further actssn
on our part, could not make our case worse than
it is. ft would not increase the rights of Great
Britain in Central America for two reasons: One
is, that she has no rights there, even aside from this
treaty; hence its abrogation could revive none.
True, at a very early day, but when the whole
country confessedly belonged to Spain, England
did pretend to set up some kind of claiWito a por-
tion of Central America, deriving it from the Eng-
lish pirates; but this claim she abandoned m the
treaty of Paris, concluded in 1763. Having-sub-
sequently engaged in war with Spain, another
treaty was Concluded between the parties in 1783,
by which England bound herself to leave the whole
country, which, upon various pretexts, she had
contrived to occupy,and to confine herself to Bsi-
hze; and even there she was not to exercise emi-
nent domain, but was to have only an usufruct for
the purpose of cutting logwood and mahogany,
which had before thia time become articles of com-
merce. England, however, violated this treaty by
a most petty equivoke; asserting that « continent
Etpti«nol," or Spanish continent, did not include
Central America. And the history o( that period
i shows conclusively, not only that all Europe re-
cards it as a miserable evasion amounting to a
violation of good faith; but that the English Gov-
ernment itself actually contemplated it as such,
and so designed it from the beginning. _
But, sir, e?ven this faint shadow of a title was
lost in 1786—still another treaty having been en-
tered into at that time between the parties, by
which England gave up all her pretensions, in the
fullest and most unequivocal terms; and this time,
acting in good faith, abandoned her fortifications,
and quit possession of-the ihuntry; and it was not
until, by the treaty of Gaudalupe-Hidalgo, we ac-
quired California and New Mexico, that England,
seein°" the value of Ccnti al Amenca to our people
for transit purposes between our Atlantic and Pa-
cific possessions, attempted to renew her old and
exploded pretensions—pretensions which this
Government has never admitted, either directly
or by inference. As then, England has no rights
in Central America, except the usufruct m Balize
alluded to, the abrogation of this tieaty can give
her none. But there is still another reason why
the abrogation of this treaty could not make our
casc worse, by increasing or reviving the claims ot
England, and that is to be found m the fact that
every possession, protectorate, or pretension of
anv kind which she might set up outside of this
trcatv  she now asserts under it. This is, ofcout se,
apparent, from the simple fact that she construes
this treaty to be purely prospective in its opera-
tion, and as not at all affecting what she calls her
existing rights. _ . .
But it may be said that, granting all this, still
it would be the better policy to continue negoti-
ations; that England will be eventually brought
to adopt our construction of the treaty; which
I leads me, sir, to submit to the House my second
I proposition, which will cover this suggestion, and
! render it tangible for the. purpose of discussion;
That the history of this matter and its present status
do not jitrnish even probable ground upon- winch to
predicate the assumption that England will Mf 'J
adopt our construction of tins treaty■ Alter
ratification of this treaty, Great Britain havin
persisted, in spite of our remonstrances, m hold-
ing on to her Central American possessions, in
themselves illegal, besides being totally set aside
by the treaty referred to, our Government de-
termined to have a conclusive settlement of the
question at once, and our Secretary of State at
that time, Mr. .Marcy, as early as July, 1853,
transmitted full powers and instructions to our
Minister at the British Court to conclude this
controversy forthwith. Mr. Buchanan, then our
Minister, endeavored to do so; and frequent and
lengthy conversations and correspondence were
helS between himself and the English Secretary
for Foreign Affairs. But with all the fair promises
