342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
of the latter, these efforts amounted to nothing.
Sometime subsequently,the matter was brought
to the immediate attention of Congress and the
country, by the annual message of President
Pierce, of December, 1855.4 shall read an extract
from that message, to throw some light upon the
course events were taking. He says:
" This Government, recognizing the obligations*of the
treaty, has of course desired to see it executed in good faith
by both parties, and in the discussion, therefore, lias not
looked to rights which we might assert independently of the
treaty, in consideration of our geographical-position, and of
other circumstances which create for lis relations to the
Central American States different from those of any Gov-
ernment of Europe.
" The British Government in its last communication, al-
though well knowing the views of ttje United States, still
declares that it sees no reason why a conciliatory spnit may
not enable the two Governments lo overcome all obstacles
to a satisfactory adjustment of the subject.
" Assured of the correctness of the construction of the
treaty, constantly adhered to by this Government, and re-
solved to insist on the rights of the United States, yet actu-
ated also by the same desire winch is avowed by the British
Government, to remove all causes of serious misunderstand-
ings between two nations associated by so many ties of in-
terest and kindred, it has appeared to me proper not to con-
sider an amicable solution of the controversy hopeless.
''There is, however, reason to appieliend that, with
Great Britain in the actual occupation of the disputed ter-
ritories, and the treaty therefore piacticnlly null, so far as
regards our rights, this international difficulty cannot long
remain undetermined without involving in serious danger
the friendly relations which it is the interest as well as the
duty of both countries to cherish and preserve. It will af-
ford me sincere gratification if future efforts shall result m
the success anticipated heretofore with more confidence
than the aspect of the case permits me now to entertain."
Sir, do not subsequent events show that the last
sentence of this extract from President Pierce's
message was penned by a statesman whose sa-
gacity, even at that distance of time, saw into the
shuffling part that England was playing; the part
of wait! wait! wait! and all the time getting the
game into her own hands. Yet, sir, others were
either more hopeful or more timid than President
Pierce; and Congress taking no decisive steps in
the matter, negotiations were continued, just as
some gentlemen propose to continue them now;
and with what result? Why, this message from
which I have just read, penned after we had been
already negotiating fong enough to exhaust all
probability of an agreement, is dated December,
1855, and this is January, 1859. And here we
are, in relation to this matter, just precisely where
we were then. I ask, sir, with such a record of
the past, what are we to expect from the future ?
Have we not been promised a settlement of this
question month after month ttnd year after year,
until the inost credulous might well giow skep-
tical of the good faith of those who proffered it'
It is not necessary that 1 should point out all
the various instances in which this has been done,
or to trace the many miserable expedients re-
sorted to, in order'to gain delay. It will be suffi-
cient for me to call attention to the latest mani-
festation we have had in thatdirection, and which
will show exactly how the matter stands at this
time. This can best be accomplished by refer-
ring to some documents sent to this body, on the
15th ultimo, by the President, in compliance with
a resolution of the House of a preceding date. I
have these before me; one of them comprises ex-
tracts from a letter from the American Minister at
the British court at this time, to our Secretary of
State; which extracts contain a synopsis of a re-
ported conversation between the former and the
Earl of Malmesbury, of the Foreign Office, during
which the latter personage made the following
statement:
"J.ord Napier had communicated to the President the
iroaty negotiated by Sir William G. Out-eicy *vith the Min-
ister finm Nicaragua. It was believed that jio objection
v. as c\prep=ed to its provisions, one of tlie objects of lvllich
was to terminate the Mosquito protectoiate."
Sir, I can imagine the astonishment of the Pres-
ident, and the Secretary of State, on receiving this
communication from Mr. Dallas. Why, sir,
though it is represented in this statement that a
treaty had been negotiated between Sir William-
G. Ouseley and the Nicaraguan Minister at Wash-
ington, almost under the eye of the President, anil
that it had been communicated to him, this, sir,
icas the first the President had heard of it.
Our Secretary of State at once dispatched a note
to Lord Napier, asking a solution of the mystei-y.
The answer of his lordship is too good to be lost.
After premising m a very elaborate maunei, he
comes to the point, and says:
-■ I conceive that what the Earl ofMalmesbmy intended to
convey to Mr. Dallas was this : Lord Napier had imparted,
verbally, to General Cass, the general sense of a projected
treaty whicl) Sir William Gore Ouselej bad been instiucted
to negotiate to Nicaragua, one of the objects of which is to
terminate the Mosquito protectorate, and to which no ob-
jection was expressed by the United States Government.
« I have not had the honor of holding any personal com-
munication with the President on this subject. In so far
as I am informed, no treaty has as yet been concluded by
Sir William Gore Ouseley with any agent on the part of Nic-
aragua.
" I remain, my dear sir, yours very truly, NAPIEX."
Sir, is not this too much ? Does it need com-
ment? Does it not speak for itself, and bring to
bear irresistible testimony to show what I have
asserted, that the English Government is only
tampering with us in this matter? Why, sir, the
English Secretary of Foreign Affairs does not even
render to our sagacity the small tribute of resort-
ing to a respectable subterfuge in the premises.
On the contrary, he seems to have taken some
pains to have singled out the veriest pretext im-
aginable. One might almost be led to believe that
the Earl of Malmesbury was a philosopher, de-
voted to metaphysical inquiry; and that instead
of trying to settle the Central American question
with this country, he was really engaged in a pro-
found investigation to discover how far it was
possible to impose upon human credulity. I ask
if we are to expect any thing from such diplomacy?
Sir, it is not even diplomatizing; it is trifling with
us to the last degree. _ And with this remark, I
dismiss the consideration of the second proposi-
tion which I have advanced, and which I have en-
deavored to establish; and I now proceed to sub-
mit the third, namely:
That this treaty, whether tnlten in the, English or
in the American sense, contravenes lohat ought to be
the settled policy of this Government in relation to
the affairs of the American continent. That policy
should be, sir, to assert not an equal, but a para-
mount and controlling influence over its affairs.
This, sir, is popularly known as the Monroe doc-
trine. And though not precisely as enunciated by
him, yet, sir, the position he took on various occa-
sions are fairly, legitimately, and logically deduci-
ble from the principle I have laid down, and from
no other. I say, then, that in calling it the Monroe
doctrine, I do so considerately, and that I am
utterly regardless of the carping criticism of the
historical pedant who fails to recognize the same
fundamental principle whenever a difference of
circumstances happens to require a modification
or a different application of it.
It will be observed, sir, that the first article in
this treaty, winch I have already read to the
House, is fatal to the policy referred to; as it
binds both parties " never to occupy, or fortify,
, or colonize, or assume, or exercise any dominion
| over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast,
or any partof Central America." Is not this de-
serting the high ground which our Government
should take in'rcgulatmg the affairs of this con-
tinent ? But, sir,"this treaty not only concedcs to
Great Britain an equality with ourselves in this
respect, but it does the same for every other
State on the face of the globe, from the autocra-
cies of the Czar of Russia and the Sultan of Tur-
key down to the humblest of the Papal States,
and even to Liberia itself; for by article sixth it is
provided that:
" The contracting parties in this convention engage to
invite every State \vitll which both or either have fnendly
intercourse, to enter into stipulations with them similar to
those which they have enteied into with each other.-'
And this, too, is all to be done upon the mis-
erable pretext of protecting a ship-canal that is
never to be made; or which, if made, will be done
under circumstances inauspicious to American in-
terests. Sir, a controlling influence over Central
America in particular, is duo to us alike from a
commercial as from a political necessity. Instead
of conceding, as we have done in this Clayton-
Buhver treaty, an equal control to every other
State in Christendom, we should have asserted a
superior and dominant control for ourselves with-
out aftreaty. In this we should have been justified
i by the great law of self-preservation; a law which
i overshadows the quiblings of writers upon inter-
! national jurisprudence; a law in which Govern-
j ment itse'lf has its origm'in its assumption of all
those poweis which conflict with what we style
the natural rights of man, or rights of the indi-
vidual in a stateof nature; powers without which
the^5 could be no such thing as government,
and to account for the assumption and exercise
of which the theory of universal consent, so
often set up by speculative writers, is totally in-
sufficient. The same law, which in one of its
modifications justifies a class of the community
not numbering more than one fourth of the whole
race even in the most liberal Republics—that is to
say, males twenty-one years of age or more—in as-
suming to themselves every attribute of govern-
ment,'and regulating, by the most sovereign au-
thority, the condition of the other three fourths
of the population. The same law which justifies
the course which Europeans and their*descend-
ants have pursued towards the aborigines of this
continent; a law which lies at the foundation of
all order, from the simple family relation upwards
to the grand structure of an organized government
in successful operation; without which, as Mr.
Calhoun remarks,"society itself could notexist."
Look, sir, at the position of this Republic; almost
the only one worthy the name on the face of the
globe; with the monarchies of the Old World, the
growth of centuries, ready to be arrayed against
us in solid phalanx at amoment's notice. Observe
our geographical position; our immense posses-
sions upon the Pacific coast; and the necessity of
our having adominant control over Central Amer-
ica for transit purposes; and tell me if we should
not be justified in asserting our supremacy? And
who shall say, sir, that we could not maintain it?
Another objection, sir, which I have to this
treaty, and which I will bring forward here as
under its appropriate head, is, that it prevents
us, from all time lo come, not only from acquir-
ing any portion of Central America as a territo-
rial appendage, but even from, incorporating it aa
a sovereign State in our Confederacy; notwith-
standing every citizen within its limits, as well
as all our own, should desire it. For it is plain, sir,
that the language of the first article of this treaty
effectually precludes any such action on our part.
Now, it may be said that the idea of such growth
and expansion on our part, in the legitimate man-
ner in which it has hiLherto taken place, as to
render it expedient to annex any portion of the
country spoken of to oar Union, is visionary, and
would be unprecedented in the history of nations.
Sir, you cannot judge in this case by the past—
I mean by the historical past. You can only judge
our future by our past; by that past of which men
, now living are the cotemporaries; by that past
whose achievements and discoveries in all the arts
and sciences have been such as to revolutionize
the world in all that appertains to the progress and
development of nations and races. And judging
by this past, what may we not predict for the fu-
ture? From the eminence which, as anation, we
have already reached, what horizon can bound
our political prospective? Already, sir, grave
Senators discuss the question of a protectorate
over Mexico. With a protectorate, Mexico would
rapidly become Americanized m thought, feeling,
interest, population, and, indeed, in everything
calculated to fit her to enter our political system.
I tell you, sir, that in this case absorption would
prove to be the corollary of a protectorate. When
you begin the one, you may prepare for the other.
And Mexico once acquired, Central America
would follow in the most natural manner.
For one, I am unwilling to say to the genius of
American institutions," thus far shalt thou go,and
no further." The Roman God, Terminus, is not
one of my political deities, however grand he may
appear in heathen mythology. I do not wish to
be understood as advocating indiscriminate an-
. negation. I might be for it under some cireum-
I stances, and opposed to it under others. 1 would
judge each individual case of the sort as it arose,
and°decide it accordingly. But I say,'whether
we may or may not desire to incorporate any part
of Central America within our political system, I
do not believe that we should, as we are made
to do by this treaty if we continue it in force,
give bonds to all the world in general, and to our
rival, England, in particular, that it shall not be so
incorporated. , . , ,
Was it not, then, a fatal error of shortsighted-
ness in us to enter into this treaty for any of the
reasons that influenced us? A treaty which has
thrown us so far back in the race for empire.
Sir, it seems marvelous, at this day, that we
could have made such a treaty; and it will seem
more wonderful still to the future historian. I he
public mind of this country was diverted from
the true view of this treaty. I have already said
that with this Government the proposed inter-
