THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1859.
New Series No. 90.
more authority than he now possesses. It only
allows a little higher price, in order that he may
get efficient aid. It does not confer any additional
authority.
Mr. LETCHER. If that be the purpose, why
has not a bill been introduced to reorganize the
office of the Attorney General, and make it con-
form to law as the various other Departments
of the Government have been made heretofore?
Whenever a bill is brought in, and the two
Houses of Congress decide this thing shall be
changed, let it be done, and then let our appro-
priation bills conform to the law. I am opposed
to this mode of upsetting the law in an appropri-
ation bill, when it seems to me it ought to be done
with a good deal more consideration and more care
than is likely to be bestowed on it heie.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. Now let us go to the seven-
teenth amendment. If gentlemen will refer to
Executive Document No. 4G, under date of 12th
January, 1859, they will find this statement:
Statement showing the amounts expended and incurred by
the Executive oj the Territory of Kansas > on account of
contingent expenses, and for which an appropriation n> re-
quired :
Wilson Shannon, due him on account  03
Robert J. Walker, ilue him on account  301 68
Itobeit J. Walker claimcd^but tor which pioper
vouchers aie to be presented  587 U0
James W. Denver, due bun oil account  £2
Expenses incuired and unpaid   .  4o8 30
foi.170 23
I move to amend the seventeenth amendment
by inserting these names and those amounts.
The amendment was agreed to; and the amend-
ment, as amended, was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
After for compensation of the auxihaiy guard, and for
fuel, and oil for lamps, $89.400,insert as iolio\vs>:
And to repay the eorpoianou of Wa^iincton the compen-
sation of twenty policemen from the 13ih day of July,
1858. to the 30th day of June. 18f>9, & 19,530 59.
For compensation of twenty policemen m the city of
Wa.-hmgton, to lie appointed in the same manner as the
auxiliary guaid aie now appointed, $13,000. «
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-eoncur-
rence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
In the follow!na paragraph s-ti ike out the woid 'c p.ip"i,"
and insert the woul " pimmis:^1
" For delieiencv in papei tot that j-es&ion of Thuty-Fifth
<Jongies>a, $3J,.">79 13."
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment;
Inseit:
For deficiency in the apptoprtaiion for the compensa-
tion and mileage of Sen:ia>t& dunmj the piesent Congiess,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concuncnce.
It is for the payment of the mileage of one of the
Senators from Oiegon, which has been admitted
as a State into the Union.
Several Membliis. Oh, no! Let it be re-
jected.
Mr LETCHER. It is clearly right. Mr.
Smith is entitled to his mileage. General Lan~e
does not demand any.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
SivC. *Ind he it futther enacted, That the anihoiifj
given l-vth'i M\th section ot the act entitled kk An act reiat-
tuu to foreign com? and to the connive ot cents at the Mint
ot the United States-." appioved February 21. 1857, to pav
out at the Mint the cents authoiued and directed by s-aul
act to tnj coined, in exchange foi the fractional pai ts of (he
dollar th'-rein named, at their nominal value of twenty-five,
twelve and a JiaH.aiul *u\:aiid aquaitereents respectively,
shall be, and the same hereby is, extended to two yeats
Horn and aftci the2Ntday of February, 1859, and no lon^-i.
Mr. PHILLIPS. This is to extend a law which
expired lasi Monday by its own limitation. That
law authorized the mints to receive the old coin-
age, old quarters, levies and tips, at their nom-
90
inal value, in exchange for cents of the American
coinage. The officers of the Mint and a great
many others urge upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that the law shall be extended, and he makes
that recommendation in his letter to the Commit-
mittee of Ways and Means. There is said now to
to be in circulation some $500,000 worth of these
old coins. The Government will not lose any-
thing, for the new cent does not really cost a cent.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Sec. 3 Jlnd be it further enacted} That when refined gold
bullion shall be deposited m the btanch mint of the United
Stales Mint at San Francisco, California, or any of jts
btancho, it shall be the duty of the Treasurer to make
payments for such bullion as soon a* the value thereof shall
have been ascertained, and the com made fiom the same ;
but the Treasurer shall not be required to pay the amount
until it h.H actually been coined ; and that the charge for
making com Jiom refined gold bullion shall be three-eighths
of one pei centum.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concuried in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That after the expira-
tion of the present session of t.'otiL'ro- i, when any docu-
ment shall be ordered to be punted by both Houtesof Con-
gress, whether the copies ordered to he reserved (regular)
number or additional (extia) number*, the entire priming
ot such document^ shall be done by the Punter of that
Hod*e which first ordered the same ; and the IIou>e so fn>t
oidering the same shall immediately notifythe other IIouj-p
of such order. And the Superintendent of Public Piintmg
is heieby diiected, in all case>\vheie any document ha-
been oideted to b«- punted by both Houses of Congie^, to
cause the oider of the llou^e Km making the ouler to punt
such document to he executed by the Punter of the liou^e
fii«.t ordeung the -ame, and to fuitiier caine the other IIou>e
to be t'urni>hed with the number ordered by u ; and m no
.ca^e sdiall more than one thousand live hundred and fifty
copies of any documents be primed, uiilc-> the punting of
extia numheib be oidmed by either House; and the one
thousand five hundred and fifty copies, as reserved (regu-
lar) numbers, shall he distributed by the officers of the
House fir^t oidermg the printing of ihe same to the same
persons and in the same manner as such numbers hereto-
fore ordeied by both Houses have been distributed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend concurrence in
the amendment. The effect of it will be to save
double composition, when each House has its
separate Printer.
Mr. KELSEY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and for this reason: There may be a dif-
ference m the politics of the next two Houses,
and it would be very convenient for the Senate to
take fhe control of the printing of the House.
This is rather a small thine;. 1 know that pro-
vision is made in the amendment that the Punter
shall not charge for the double composition; but
there is no security that he will not. I am entuely
opposed to this plan of letting the Senate get
control of the business of the House. It already
controls, to a gieat extent, our contingent fund.
Mi. GROW. There is not much fear of that.
I should suppose we woul <l*c as smart as they.
Mr. KELSEY. Well; I do not want to have
this scrub-race between the two Houses, as to
which should get control of the punting.
Mr. HOWAR.D. I hope theie will be no pol-
iticians here who will want to pay for double
composition, when it is only done once.
Mr. KELSEY. This amendment still allows
double composition.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it does not.
Mr. KELSEY. I think it does.
Mr. HOWARD. It simply provides that when
one House orders a document to be printed, and
the other House subsequently orders the same
document to be printed, the same Printer shall do
the work for both, and shall not charge double
composition.
Mr. COLFAX. In case there should be an
Opposition Printer to the tfext House and a Dem-
ocratic Printer to the Senate, all the reports may
be made to the Senate first, a«d their Printer will
have all the printing.
Mr. HOWARD. This amendment recom-
mends the Superintendent of Public Printing to
get the printing done by the Printer to the House
that first ordeis it. If this House be not smart
enough to order the work that it wants done, let
the Printer to the other House have it.
Mr. KELSEY. It is a plan to control the
House printing:, and X am opposed to it.
Mr. SMITH, ofTennesaee. Thisamendmanfc
merely revives the law of 1845, under which the
composition was paid for only once. I hope the
amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a good proposition, and
should be adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say a word or
two on the subject of this amendment. I recol-
lect very well when this same contioversy came
up in the Thirty-Third Congress. The provi-
sion m this amendment is substantially the pro-
vision that is embraced m the old printing law.
But m the Thirty-Third Congress one man was .
chosen Printer to this House, and another man
Printer to the other House. Certain leading Sen-
ators of the party, to which the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means belongs, carried
an amendment in that body against the opposi-
tion of the sound men, as I conceive, of that body,
repealing that identical provision of the printing
law. The amendment came to this House, and,
as a young member, I rose to make my first
speech in this body in opposition to the recom-
mendation of the Committee of Ways and Means,
i! made by the gentleman himself, [Mr. Phelps,]
' that the House should concur in the Senate
: amendment. I was appealed to then by the chair-
'i man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
; withhold my remarks; and I did so on his state-
; ment that it involved the privileges of the two
' Houses, and that the Executive Departments,
! \ out of favontism to the Pi inter of this House, had
i] made all their reports here, and had given such a
J | direction to the printing as had not been contem-
!, plated, and as was not just between the two men
!| themselves.
]'• I say now, furthermore, that the gentleman
|! from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] and myself re-
l| ported a bill to the House, at the last session, in
i! regard to the printing for Congress; but we have
;! never had an opportunity to get action upon it,
ii and arc not likely ever to have. But yet such a
i! bill is the only way by which this trouble can be
!j cured. As between the two Houses, and to pre-
: j serve the privileges of each, this amendment ought
:! to ^e voted down, because the inevitable ten-
j; dency of it is to bring the two Houses in direct
!' conflict with each other.
l| You can only do one of two things, m regard
j' to this printing question. You must either es-
j; tablish a Government printing office—and I am
' opposed to that, because 1 think it would be a
; i lazar-house for broken-down politicians; or you
![ must pass a law, giving all the printing to the
11 lowest bidder, under guarantees for the due per-
il formance of the work. That is what is contem-
plated in the bill reported to the House by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and myself.
Mr. SINGLETON. This matter was under
the consideration of the Joint Committee on Pub-
j | hcPrinting; though, I believe, thegentleman from
1 Ohio [Mr. Nichols] was not present; and it rc-
' ceived the sanction of every member of the eom-
! mittee then present.
Mr. NICHOLS. Itis immaterial to me whether
. the House adopt this amendment, or not; but my
; belief is, that it will be ineffectual to secure the
1 object contemplated by it.
; "Mr. SINGLETON- After a careful examina-
tion of the matter, and havingstatistics belore us
made out by the Supei mtendent of Public Print-
ing, wc ascertained beyond a doubt that, it this
amendment be concurred in, it will save this Gov.
i eminent from $25,000 to $35,000 a year.
Mr. LETCHER.. It will save more than that.
Mr. NICHOLS. That only relates to the reg-
ular number of documents, and does not touch
the general proposition as to extra copies.
Mr. SINGLETON. I cannot see why gentle-
men will insist on having payment made for this
double composition where the work is only done
| once. It does not occur to me how this can, in
!: any way, involve the privileges of either House.
