1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
r M.r. KELSEY. The amendment does not
effect the object contemplated.
Mr. SlNdrLETON. If I understand its lan-
guage, it does.' At present, whenever the House
orders the printing of a document, the House
Printer has the typeset up; and if the Senate orders
the printing; of the same document, the Printer to
that body has it set anew, or, at all events, the
composition has to be paid for twice. This amend-
ment puts a stop to that abuse. If, however; un-
der this amendment, the House shall order the
printing of a certain document, and then notify
tlie Senate of that fact, and the Superintendent of
Public Printing1 is required to see that the same
type that has been set up under the order to print
forthe House is used.for the Senate, I should like
to know how gentlemen can deny that it will save
double composition ? I state these facts because
the Joint Committee on Printing, whose duty it
was to examine the whole matter, have had it un-
der consideration; and 1 think it proper that we
should save this amount to the Government. We
have no'right to confer this bonus upon any in-
dividual at the public expense. And now that the
Treasury is empty, and retrenchment and reform
are the watchwords, the adoption of this amend-
ment of the Senate, made in accordance with the
recommendation of the JointCommittee on Print-
ing, should have the sanction of this House. The
plainest dictates of duty require it at our hands.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the objret be, as I sup-
pose it is, to save the expenses of double compo-
sition, it ought to be plainly expressed. If the
amendment of the Senate is to be concui red in, I
think it should be amended by the addition of
these words:
And in all such eases, the p.-iynent to ho made fot com-
position sluiIJ be the same only rn if the printing had been
ordered by one House of Congies*.
Mr. GROW. I think this whole subject of
printing needs revision, and if we lot it alone,
now, it must be taken up in the next Congress
As the gentleman from Ohio says, the select com-
mittee on printing gave the subject a great deal
of attention last session, but we never could get
it before the House. The whole r-ubject will have
to oveihauled, and we may as well let it alone,
until that can be done.
Mr. PHILLIPS. All I desire is, that the
amendment of the Senate shall be perfected, if it
is the intention of the committee to cnneui in it.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand theamond-
mcntof the Senate, 1 think its phraseology covers
exactly what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Phillips] seeks to effect by his amendment.
It is as follows :
,vl
And the Superintendent of Public Printing is heiehv
reeled, in nil eaxes wheie any document brtr- b"en onieied
to he punted by both Ilou^u-* ot Congiev*,. to tho ol-
der of the House last mnkmgtUo otriri to prim such doeu-
mom to be executed by the Pimm ut the House fn i ordei-
mg the same, and to further < th« oihei Ijoum: t,«> be
furnished with the number oidered by it; and in no e.iMi
shall more than one thousand five hundred and fifty copies
«vf any document be punted, unites the printing of « <tia
numbers be ordeied by either House ; and the one tli^tt-.ind
five lmudtcd and fifty copie -, aa received (reyui.ii) men
hers, shall be distributed, by lite otiicen* of the jlun-v ih>t
ordering the pimtinsj of the snac, to the >aim p'^uiiN and
m the same manner as s-ueli number:* heietoioie ordeied by
both Houses have been disu muted.
Mr STANTON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Virginia. Suppose the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments, the Patent Office report, and other luavy
documents, are sent, for instance, first to tho Sen-
ate, and it shall not suit the convenience of the
Printer of the Senate to print them till the end of
the session: is the House to have no remedy for
it?
effect of this amendment.
Mr. GROW. Ar> I understand the present
system, it is tins: when the Printer lias set up a
document, he heads it '• House Document," and
prints the number ordeied by the House. He
then changes the heading to " Senate Document,"
and prints the number oidered by the Senate.
Now, will the phraseology of tins amendment
prevent him from charging composition for each
House, the heading having been changed?
Mr, LETCHER. So I understand. ?i'ow,a!l
I desire w to cut off this payment fn double ex-
position; for J understand th^t, lak..,g fh" r.-jt'-
mate of printing for the last Con.;re:-s5 ic would
gay© somewhere $bot|£ .seventy thousand dollars,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Virginia, I wish
to say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
the law of 1845—a part of it which has not been
repealed—expressly provides against allowing
this change of heading for the purpose of ena-
bling the Printer to charge for double composi-
tion.
Mr. GROW. Well; but when both Houses
order the printing of the same document, cannot
it be done by the same Printer with the same com-
position? You must have a different heading; for
the two Houses; and would the Printer not draw
double pay? It is not necessary that the type
should be set up again.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. HFhc law ex-
pressly provides that where fn^ heading is
changed, there shall be no payfordoublo compo-
sition.
Mr. GROW. Who is to determine whether
the type lias been set up a second time?
Mr. SMITH, of'Tcniicsbce. The type is not
set up a second time. Only the heading is changed.
Mr. WADE. In my judgment, the only euro
for these evils is for Congress to have only one
Printer, ami then you will not have to pay for
double composition, or anything else. There is
no more necessity for having two Printers for tlie
two Houses than there is for having six wheels
to a coach. The only remedy you can apply is
to cut olF the head of one of these Printets. Then
you will effect your object, and not till then.
Mr. Pujlups's amendment to the amendment
of the Senate was a^ieed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. CURRY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it too late to move an
amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. It
is in order any time before the question is taken
on tiie amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I move to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
Pr)urfc<7, That the olnee of Pnnto, to the rotate 01
IIoe-.( of Kepie-oii'aiive.- Mrdl not be fnnweiable, cilia*)
deeetlyo! , a-,.1 any atlciiij.t to -r!l o: ti.nM'ei
enh'TO' '"lid otfi v*., or a<!> il" or twin* ,er of «'ie - >iiie,
-•hall <>;•>'ij .1! * a - ,i vacation and abandonment ot .aid ofitee^,
or euJiet oi tlieiii.
Mi. SEWARD. Add, "and there shall be no
partnership in tin' piintmir."
Mr. STAN TO.N. I behave that neither p.do of
the Hons;1 is veiy well ,s uisfied with the amend-
ment as ji now siands, and I submit whether \t
would not be bettci to non-concui m it and let it
go to the committee; of conference and let them
fix it r;ght. Let us adopt tlie amendment of the
gentleman fiom Indiana, and thm non-concur til
the amendment of the Senate as annmded.
Mr. P1IRLPS, of M'ssoun. It' you concur iti
it with an amendment, it will go to the commit-
tee of co nfe re nee.
Mr. SEWARi). 1-* :n order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana 5
The CIXA IRAJAThe Chun thinks nut, as
the amendment of tlf^S'-natc is an .intendment.
Mr. SEWARD. n '^in . wedd not. be an
amendment beyond t'ie ii- ru defies.
The CHAli'MVN. You cannot go to.die
third degree. An n  ; ndment to an amendment
is as far «.s yon can <rM.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 Ixliuvu 1 am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SEV/ARD. I shall appeal ftom die de-
cision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware thai
the i uhng of the ooui'Uiit'•' h":ct.<fo;e ha.-, been
both ways. II.- is r'hnmcd by the Cieik, how-
ever, th u the ani'mdni'-nt of the S. nate hnn be.-n
usu il'y regarded • =, the m-'g.na! i< >:t; and he will,
theretoi e, i nle. s !:•• <nn mdnem: to he in o> d< r.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 d« sue. to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr HUGHES. I do not think tlie -rntleman
froui Georgia will offer an amendment until he
gets the ft ;or.
Air. REWARD, Y/H:, ^ir, I think thee^ntlc-
ma-i fu.i.i Indian'.and I l:.vve uoPi en uuforlu-
i,:jin geitju^ the il u'-t, f'iid I will not interfere
Ah. MUJ-HES. Tins oiiiee orp.if)'!'. Printer
in either braiich of Conm'oja is an important
office. It isan elective o"ffiee;and I suppose, from
that fact, it is intended that either branch of Con-
gress should exercise some discretion in choosing
the person to do their printing. I deshe by this
amendment to prevent the sale or transfer of that
office, eitlrer by direct or indirect means. Who
is now the Printer of this House ? We elected a
gentleman at the last session of Congress to be
our Printer. Is he, in fact, the Printer of the
House, or is he not? Has the office been sold,
or has it not? The amendment which 1 have
offered gives the House the opportunity to sanc-
tion this mode of transferring art important office
from the hands of the man elected by the House
to the hands of a man who could not be elected
by the House, or toexmess their disapprobation
of that course, and put their prohibition on it for
tho future.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the following at tho end of the
section:
P)0vi(?e,7, That all public documents shall be laid before
boih Iloubcs .-.miaitaiiijouhly.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I only desire to
suggest to the gentleman from Indiana the impos-
sibility of complying with that regulation. The
House may call by resolution for important pa-
pers which arc not to be communicated to the
Senate at all, because the Senate, has made no call
for them. It would be impossible to comply with
that provision 
Mr. COLFAX. Thegentleman misunderstands
the object of my amendment. It has refeicnce
only- to public documents sent to both Houses.
Air. HOUSTON. If the amendment just pro-
posed by the gentleman fiom Indiana shall pre-
vail, I take it that it wdi destroy the effect of the
Senme amend immt, the, ohjoet of which is to pre-
vent tlie necessity of paying for double composi-
tion. if these documents are to he delivered simul-
taneously to both Houses, both Houses may order
them to be printed simultaneously, and you will
thu^ have a legitimate chaise for double compo-
sition, which is exactly the thing we are seeking
to nvo'd. If we are to adopt that amendment, we
m./lit just as well vote down the Senate amend-
ment at once, because it can have no good effect.
1 prefei to i' f the Senitie amendment stand as it
is. ayd l"t die two Pj intei y, if then; should be
tvvo, take then- chancer. When a document is to
he dehv ivd to both Houses, {t-t j'v be delivered in
a, eordance with the \ ides of the executive depart-
ment
Air. COLFAX. The object of this amendment
is dear and legitimate. Tlie Senate amendment
provides that the Printer of tlie House which
shall fust order a jiubhc document shall have the
printing of that document for both Houses, and
that only one composifon shall be charged. My
ani'-nd meni, as wo-ded, could not apply to those
documents oidered by only one House; but, in
<>i !< i rh-u then: mov oe no mtsunderstanding, I
will modif'/ it so thai :t mav read:
iio
:Ji<\ That .
. vVjj b • ...
• 'Hi
l ii'neub* de
nod for both
,ii t.j !• '!! 11o:j -e^ j-niialiaiu O'lt-ly.
)N 1 wou-d 1 .lee to have the gen-
the puspoae ot 1ns amendment ?
lOposu to accomplish by it?
M..].rOLTMTv
M .n 'i II me
Wlut d')"s he j;
Air COLFAX. I v;i!iteUthe gentleman v- hat
the object h: it 5h to |)rcvent the Departments,
whes! th'.'.'e :-j aPiinter of one politics m one
Honse and o-' another in the other, from giving
all tne .iea'/y work to die Printer oi their own
politic-:.
\.r. r10UST0X. 1 do not suppose the y:n-
<:"ni.in need ^tve himse'f any trouble about P. mt-
eis .,r dilfi rent politics being elected by the next
('••ngi e.s.n. " oiuih.ient unto the day is the evil
iheirof." I tiiink the gentleman v/ill find thai he
has no more interest in the punting of the m-xt
Congress th'in he hasm tins. Now, sir, if we
tne £oiug to nmke reforms, let us make them in
goon ft1 th. W it. u our intention really to *top
aijus- s, lef u? do it uuvcUy, and not by an amend-
ment, winch cc-m°s m by indirection to defeat tlie
n pose we piofess to be striving to areorn-
This amendment of the genileman fnnn
li'dauia—I soy U wirh ail respect to him—se1 ms
t-> m :o be noten'u.ely worthy of him, because
Hi effect, while it may accomplish party pur-
poses, is to impose double composition upon Con-
r
