1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
The question was taken; and the amendment
of Mr. Hughes was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the third amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That in all cases of
application for the payment of pensions to invalids under
the several laws of Congress granting pensions to invalids,
the affidavit of two surgeons and physicians, whose credi-
bility as such shall lie certified by the magistrate before
whom the affidavit is made, stating the continuance of the
disability forwhichthe pension was originally granted, (de-
scribing if,) and (he rate of such disability at the time of
making the affidavit shall accompany the application of the
first payment, which shall fall due upon a day in the fiscal
year for which provision is made horein, to be declared by
tile Secretary of the Interior, and al the end of every two
years thereafter ; and if m a case of continued disability it
shall be stated at a rate below that for which the pension
was originally granted, the applicant shall only be paid at
the rate staled in the affidavit; Provided, That where the
pension shall have been originally granted for a total dis-
ability, 111 consequence of the loss of a limb, or other cause
which cannot, either in whole or in part, be removed, the
above affidavit shall not be necessary to entitle the appli-
cant to payment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Now that we
have disposed of the Senate's amendments to the
pension bill, I move that the committee rise and
report its action to the House. I hope the House
will remain and consider the amendments to these
bills, as they are now before us. I donotpropose
to have a vote taken on the naval appropriation
bill to-night.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the nav*l ap-
propriation bill, and the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the legislative, executive and judicial ap-
propriation bill, the consular and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, and the pension appropriation
bill: and had directed him to report back the for- !
mer with sundry amendments; and also the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of th,e Union to concur with some and
to non-concur with others of the Senate's amend-
ments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire-action on
the Senate's amendments to these bills. I move
the previou's question, and I wish to have the
main question ordered on the naval appropriation
bill, leaving that to com© up next Monday.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, so as to operate on the
report of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Senate's amendments
to the consular and diplomatic bill was adopted,
as a whole, except with regard to the follow-
ing amendments, on which separate votes were
asked.
Second amendment:
Add the following proviso:
Provided, That 110 other embassador, envoy extraordi-
nary, minister plenipotentiary, minister resident, commis-
sioner, diplomatic repiesenlalive, or charge d'affaires, shall
be entitled to any compensation during the said fiscal year:
Jiwl provided, That nothing 111 this act shall be construed
to interfere with the disbursement of the amount hereinaf-
ter appropriated for the contingent expenses ot foreign in-
tercourse.
So that the clause will read :
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and com-
missioners of the United States at Great llritam, France, j
Russia, Prussia, Spam, Austna, Brazil, Mexico, China,
Chili, I'eiu, Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia,
Belgium, Holland. Denmark, Sweden, Tuikey, Buenos
Ayres, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Gua-
temala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Costa Rica, Hondu-
ras, Argentine Confederation, and Paraguay, $204,0U0:
Provided, &c..
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended non-concurrence.
. Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, asked for a sep-
arate vote on the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn. I do not want to have the yeas and
nays taken on that amendment now.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Do not call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. I will ask for the yeas and nays,
unless the amendment be concurred in.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out "$71,000,'' and insert, in lieu thereof," $150,-
000;" to that tne clause will reaii:
For compensation of the commissioner, secretary, chief
astronomer and surveyor,, assistant astronomer andsurvey-
or, clerk, and for provisions, transportation, and contingen-
cies of the commission to run and mark the boundary line
between the United States and the British possessions
bounding on Washington Territory, $150,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union recommended non-concurrence.
Mr^STEVENS, of "Washington, demanded a
separate vote on the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, moved to reconsider the vote by which
the amendments were severally concurred in, or
non-concurred in; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendments of the Senate to the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial appropriation bill.
The' report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, in reference to said amend-
ments, was adopted as a whole, except with re-
gard to the following amendments, on which sep-
arate votes were asked.
First amendment of the Senate:
Page 1, lines eight and nine. Strike out "$319,018 88,"
and insert " $338,861 72," so that the clause will read:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, $338,861 72.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That amendment
provides for the pay and mileage of Senators for
the next fiscal year.
Mr. GROW. Let it be non-concurred in.
Mr. POTTLE called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Seward were appointed.
The House divided;~and the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 60.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
"tellers were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that if that
amendment was understood, there would be no
difficulty about it. It is for the pay and mileage
of Senators for the next fiscal year.
Mr. GROW. I hope we shall non-concur in
this amendment, and allow it to go to a commit-
tee of conference. Gentlemen will recollect that
as the matter now stands the mileage of Senators
is provided for, and that of the House stricken
out. As a matter of course, these Senators from
Oregon should receive their mileage the same as
other Senators; but gentlemen will understand the
object of referring the matter to a committee of
conferencc. Their mileage is already provided
for in another part of the bill for this session.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ for the present; but I give notice that if the
yeas and nays are ordered, I shall insist on the
motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw his call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. 1 make this appeal to the House:
If they will permit this amendment to be non-
concurred in, and go to a committee of conference,
I will withdraw my call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then, 1 hope the
House will non-concurin the amendment, and let
it go.
Mr. STANTON. I hope not. I understand
very well what is to be the result. If this amend-
ment goes to a committee of conference, it is to
come back with the mileage for members of this
House restored. I want the next House to reg-
ulate its own mileage; and I hope, therefore, that
the Senate amendment will be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that the question on the Senate amendment has
already been taken by tellers, and if the gentle-
man withdraws his call for the yeas and nays,
the Chair will decide the amendment as concurred
in by the House.
Mr. GROW. "Very well; I withdraw my call
for the yeas and nays, and move to reconsider
the vote by which it was concurred in.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question again recurred on the motion to
reconsider. « •
Mr. HUGHES. I do not want to delay the
House in its action at all, but I am opposed to
any movement by which the Senators from Ore-
gon will be deprived of their mileage.
Mr.GROW. Thatis notthe case. They hare
already been provided for for this session, and
there is no danger that they will not be provided
for, for the next.
Mr. STANTON. Is this a debatable ques-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, I want to appeal
to the House to concur in this amendment. I
want to drive the next House into regulating its
own mileage.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to say a single word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to; and
it is not in order.
The moiion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on concurring m the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Sec. 4. Jliul be it further enacted, That after the expira-
tion of {lie present session of Congress, when any document
shall be ordered to be printed by both Houses of Congress,
whether the copies ordered to bereaved (legular) number
or additional (exna) numbers, the entire printing of such
document shall be done by the Printpr of that House which
first ordered the same; and the House so first ordering the
same shall immediately notify the other House of such order.
And the Superintendent of Public Printing is hereby di-
rected, in all cases where any document has been ordered
to be printed by both Houses of Congress, to cause the order
of the House last making the order to print such document
to be executed by the Printer of the House first ordering the
same, and to further cause the other House to be furnished
witii the number ordered by it; and in no case shall more
than one thousand five hundred and fifty copies of any doc-
ument be pointed, unless the printing of extra numbers be
ordered by either House; and the one thousand five hun-
dred and fifty copies, as reserved (regular) numbers, shall
be distributed by the officers of the House first ordering the
printing of the same to the same persons and in the same
manner as such numbers heretofore ordered by both Houses
have been distributed.
The SPEAKER. That amendment has been
reported to the House with the following amend-
ment:
And in all such cases, the payment for composition
shall he the same as though the printing had been ordered
by but one House : Provided, The office of Primer, either
to the Senate or House of Representatives, shall not be
transferable, either directly or indirectly ; and any attempt
to sell or transfer either of said offices, or any sale or
transfer of the same, shall operate as a vacation and aban-
donment of said office, or either of them.
Mr. KELSEY called for a separate vote.
The question was first put on the amendment
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to the twenty-fourth amendment of the
Senate; and the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended, and it was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the several votes taken o* the amendments;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 805)
to run, mark, and establish the western boundary
of the State of Minnesota; and a bill (H. R.
No. 36,) for the relief of William Rich, severally
without amendment; and a bill making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1860, with amendments; in which
