1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
for the transmission of the United States mails,
in steamships, between theTJnited States and the
"West Indies, Brazil, and the Argentine Republic;
the petition of William Wheelwright, praying
that measures amy be taker, for the establishment
of direct communication with the South Ameri-
can States by mail steamers; the memorial of
Thomas Rainey, praying that the Postmaster
General may be authorized to contract with him
for the transportation of the mails between Phila-
delphia and Savannah, in the United States, and
Para or Maranham, in Brazil, touching at St.
Thomas, Barbadoes.and Demerara; the memorial
of Ambrose W. Thompson and his associates,
praying Congress to establish a line of mail steam-
ships between certain ports in the United States
and Liverpool, in England; the memorial ofChris-
tian Hansen, praying Congress to establish an
ocean mail line between New York and Gluck-
stadt, on the Elbe, via Plymouth and Rotter-
dam, and making proposals to carry the mails
between those places; and the memorial of Wil-
liam C. Barney and others, praying that an ocean
mail line may be established between New Or-
leans, Santandor, in Spain, and Bordeaux, in
France, via Havana and Fayal,and making pro-
posals to do the service, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 872) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, I860, to re-
port it back with amendments. 1 give notice that,
after the morning hour, t shall call it up.
GOVERNOR. STEVENS'S REPORT.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Serretaryof War be directed to com-
municate to tile Senate llie imitative and final report of |
Governor Stevens ol Ills smvey and cxploiation nf llie
northern route f'oi a railroad fiom the Mississippi iiver to
the Pacific ocean.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved r (the House of Representative* concurring)
That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules be suspend-
ed for the remainder of the session.
CONSULAR APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House, of Representatives had agreed to the first,
second, third, fourth, sixth, and seventh amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 6GG) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, and
disagreed to the fifth and eighth amendments of
the Senate to the said bill.
The Senate subsequently proceeded to consider
its amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 666) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June,1860,disagreed to bythe House
of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to llie said bill disajnerd to by the House, and ask a con-
ference on thcdisagiceing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Chdered, That tile committee of conference on tile part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Raolued, That the Senate disagree to the amendments
i of the Hou^e of Representatives to the amendments ot the
Senate to the said bill, insist upon Us amendments to the
said bill disagreed to by the House, and ask a conference on
tile disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Pearce, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Foot, were
appointed.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the third and disagreed to the first
and second amendments of the Senate to the bill
1 of the House (No. 662) for the payment of in-
i valid and other pensions of the United States for
i the year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
J ENROLLMENT OF A VESSEL,
j Mr. HAMLIN. When the Senate adjourned
on Saturday, there was a bill before the Senate
authorizing the Secretary of theTreasury to issue
a register to a vessel. 1 ask that it may have its
third reading to-day.
i The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
! in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
i sider the bill (S. No. 604) to provide for the en-
: rollment and license of the bri  Cumberland,
i The brig Cumberland was built at Cleveland,
i in the State of Ohio, and was wrecked upon the
: Canadian shore of Lake Erie, and became, to
some extent, the property of Canadian owners,
j The brig is now, in virtue of a judicial sale by a
competent court of the United States, the prop-
i erty of Charles L. Flint, and of the heirs of Ed-
i ward O.Gould, deceased. The bill, therefore,
I proposes to authorize the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to direct the enrollment of the brig Cumber-
land, at the port of Buftnlo, in the State of New
Yoik, in the names of Charles L. Flint and of
Pharos Gould, in behalf of the heirs of Edward
i O.Gould; and the license of the brig for the coast-
! ing trade upon the gieat lakes and the navigable
i waters connected therewith, upon the usual foot-
, ing of American vessels
I' The bill was reported to the Senate without
!! amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
: reading, read the third time, and passed.
i SWAMP LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
ij Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
I the Senate to take up the bill of the Senate No.
i 467. I presume it will give rise to no debate
j whatever.
!, The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
: in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 467) extending the provi-
; sions of'Anact to enable the State of Arkansas,
j; and other States, to reclaim the swamp lands
|; within their limits," to Minnesota. The Com-
i' mittee on Public Lands reported the bill, with an
I; amendment, to strike out all of the bill after the
| enacting clause, in the following words:
,! " That tile provisions of an act entitled 'An act to enable
I the State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim tho
'■ swamp lands" within their limits.' approved September :
28, 1850, be, and the same are hereby, extended to all States j
l' tt.iif lin tfa Kouti lfl!)V swllMtftftfl 111 t.O t.l l(i XT moil. " I
-L iic tui unci amiuunvi-u Legislature Ol any State SO en it lieu, uciu aun uic po -
had agreed to some, and disagreed to other amend- !j of this act, shall adjourn sine die; and where the sur-
° ^ ^ r - TF   °  „ l.~ /.Amnliitml mwl cliwll h ffim nl Sll >-
that have been, or may be, admitted mto the Union
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following: !
That the provisions of the act of Congress entitled <• An
act to enable the State of Arkansas, and other States, to
reclaim the 'swamp lands' within their limit*,'1 approved
Septembei 28, 1&50, be. and the iame are hereby, extended
to the States of Minnesota and Oregon.
Sec.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the aforesaid net
of September 28, 1850, and the act of 2d March, 1849, en-
titled uAn act to aid the State ot Louisiana in draining the
swamplands therein," be so amended that the selections
bv the several States entitled under the same, and under
tilts act. of lands already suiveyed, shall be made within
one vear from the day on which the next regular session of
the Legislature of any State so entitled, held aftefthe pas-
,« ■ . i. . it ^ j. J.'a • r^n<l tirliova tho fit?
ments of the Senate, to the bill of the House
(No. 711) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860,
and had agreed to other amendments of the Sen-
ate to said bill, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
- The Senate subsequently proceeded to consider
its amendments to the bill (EI. R. No. 711) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, ana
judicial expenses of Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and the amendments
of th6 House to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill; and,
vey? remain to be completed, and shall be completed sub-
sequent to such adjournment of a Legislature a* aforesaid,
the selections shall be made within one year from the date
of the approval of the township plats by the proper surveyor
general; and that a failure to select within the periods pre-
sented bv this section shall be a waiver and forleiture of
all right and claim to lands not so selected, whatever may
be the real character of r-uch lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed. _
On motion of Mr. STUART, the title was
amended so as to read, " A bill <sxtendmg the
provisions of' An act to enable the State of Arkan-
sas and other States to reclaim the swamp lands
within their limits' to Minnesota and Oregon."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
411) for the relief of Ebenezer Ricker, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the'Seri-
ate was requested. ;
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er had signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 361)
for the relief of William Rich; and it was signed
by the Vice President.
CAPTAIN A. W. REYNOLDS.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Captain
A. W. Reynolds. I will briefly state, in support
of the motion, that Captain Reynolds was an
assistant quartermaster in the Army. He was
suspended on account of an alleged defalcation.
A suit was brought on his bond in the district
court of Philadelphia. The case involving a very
large amount of vouchers, at the instance of the
district attorney, the Secretary of the Treasury
agreed to refer the whole case to arbitration.
Two arbitrators were selected by the court, and
one by the Secretary of the Treasury himself.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator ask to take
up a bill ? I want to take up a report.
Mr. IVERSON. In the midst of a speech, I
should not have thought that the Senator from
Virginia would have interrupted me. I shall be
through in a few minutes. This case was referred
to arbitrators, acting under oath. They were oc-
cupied every day for two or three months. It
involved an examination of expenditures running
through several years; and they finally agreed
upon a verdict, giving to him something over four
hundred dollars; and this bill is to pay him the
amount of that award. 1 hope it will be taken up.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Captain
A. W. Reynolds.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Captain A. W. Reynolds the sum of $430 63,
with legal interest thereon from the 4th of Sep-
tember, 1857—the date of the rendition of the
award of arbitrators, R. T. Matthews, Charles
J. Biddle, and Rush Van Dyke, in the case of the
United States against A. W. Reynolds—till paid;
and the Secretary is also directed to pay to the
parties legally entitled the costs, as stated in the
award, upon the presentation of the proper evi-
dence and certificates from the district court of
the United States. _
The suit was instituted against Captain Rey-
nolds by the United States for the recovery of over
one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars,
alleged to be due the Government on the adjust-
ment of his accounts by the Third Auditor of
the Treasury, for disbursements as assistant quar-
termaster in New Mexico.
The arbitrators found m favor of the defend-
ant for tlie amount now asked for, leaving other
claims by him unadjusted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the#
third time, and passed.
SHELDON M'KNIGHT.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S No. 577) which has been reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
577) for the relief of Sheldon McKnight was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. .
11 directs the Postmaster General to pay to bnel-
don McKnight, for carrying the United States
mail from Cleveland, Ohio, and Detroit, Michi-
gan, to Mackinaw, Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette,
Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and
Ontonagon, Michigan, La Pointe and Superior,
Wisconsin, during the years from 1849 to 1857,
inclusive, in all cases where it is shown to the
satisfaction of the Postmaster General that the
mail was carried by the authority of the post-
masters or agents of the Post Offiee Department,
and without a contract with the Department, an
amount equal per trip to that now allowed by
