1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ww
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of B.
B. Meeker, praying; the establishment of an over-
land mail route from Lake Superior to Puget
Sound, with a branch to the Pacific, in Oregon;
•which was Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:*
fie also presented the memorial of Jeffrey T.
Adams, lake clerk of the United States court for
the Territory of Minnesota, praying to be allowed
the compensation contemplated by the act of 26th
February, 1853; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Joseph
Needham, praying to be allowed bounty land and
pay for services in the war of 1832', which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying an enlargement of the
navy-yard at that place; which whs referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CA MERON presented resolutions adopted
ata meeting of the soldiers of the war of 1812, held
•at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, January 8, 1859, in
relation to the enactment of a law granting pen-
sions to the^soldiers of that war; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY presented a letter from the Secre-
tary of State to the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, communicating a copy of a letter
from the Minister resident of Bremen, inviting the
attention of the Government to a proposition of
J. H. Eits, a citizen of Bremenhaven, for testing
his invention for preventing the destruction of
vessels by fire; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented additional papers in
support of the claim of Richard L. Gordon to a
pension; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, I present the petition of John Barbee and
others, praying an examination of an invention,
made and patented by W. Y-* Gill, to protect tiller-
ropes of steamboats, and other vessels, from fire.,
and the enactment of a law to require steamboats
to use the same. I also present the memorial of
W. Y. Gill, and a petition of D. R Burbank,
and others, on the same subject; and I move that
they be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
1 send up with the memorials the letters patent
for an improvement m tiller-ropes, and wifl sim-
ply say that it ought to be in use on the western
waters, where so many calamities, and so much
loss of life, and so great a sacrifice of property
are recorded every year. I have before me some
statistics on this point to which I request the at-
tention of the Senate. A report by James W.
Lloyd shows the loss of seventy steamboats, by
fire, up to lb'56, for seventeen years prior to that
date. The Louisville and St. Louis papers report
the loss, on the western and southern waters,
by fire, of twenty-five for the year 1858. If we
take 1858 as a fair average for the next sixteen
years, we shall have four hundred and twenty-
five, instead of seventy, boats lost by fire, not
taking into consideration the marine increase on
those waters for the next sixteen years. Numer-
ous instances of the loss of life by the burning of
tiller-ropes, can be given. By the burning of the
Ben Sherrod, over two hundred souls were hur-
ried out of time into eternity. The report says
the passengers, three hundred in number, were
sound asleep, not thinking of the awful doom
awaiting them. The shrieks of nearly three hun-
dred and fifty persons on board, rose wild and
dreadful, that might have been heard several miles.
The cry was, " to the shore, to the shore;" and
the boat made for the starboard shore out, but did
not gain its as the wheel-ropes soon burnt. The
scene of horror beggared all description. Poor
Davis, the pilot at the wheel, was consumed. He
was one in a thousand, preferring to die rather
than leave his post in the hour of danger. Just
before he left New Orleans, he was conversing
with another pilot about the burning of the St.
Martinsville, and he said: " If ever I should be
in a boat that takes fire, and do not save the pas-
sengers, it will be because the tiller-ropes burn,
jor I perish in the flames." And just such men
as Davis are to be found among the western boat-
men. Such accidents are likely to occur at any
moment on steamboats; and these memorialists
pray that there may bean enforcement of the law
itspecting the use of tiller-ropes, to prevent such
losses of human life and of property, in which j
the whole mercantile community is so deeply in- j
terested. One of the memorials which 1 present,
signed by a very large number of the mercan- i
tile interests in Louisville, is replete with facts ;
and statistics, which commend themselves to the j
careful consideration of the Committee on Com-
merce.
While up, X will simply say that Mr. Gill, the
patentee, is now in this cily; he is a remarkably
intelligent and sensible man. 1 see here, also,
Captain Shallcross, the most intelligent sea-going
man, if I may so express it, on the western
waters. I would like the Committee on Com-
merce to take the subject into eonsideration, and
cause these gentlemen to come before them with
their models and explanations, and frame a bill
to enforce and carry out the object of these peti-
tions.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
CHAPLAINS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. SIMMONS. I present a memorial of a
committee of the Warren Baptist Association, of
the State of Rhode Island, in relation to the
appointment of ■chaplains in the Navy, and the
regulations of the Navy Department upon the
performance of religious service in the Navy.
It appears, from the number of memorials pre-
sented to the Senate, that the subject referred to j
in this memorial has arrested the attention of;
pious men m all parts of our country; and there !
seems to me to be a peculiar fitness that the views
of the citizens who act for this association should
be laid before the'Senate. The memorialists are
of the denomination of Christian worshippers to j
which the founderofthe colony or Slate of Rhode j
Island belonged, wiio, more than two centuries !
ago, upon this continent first enunciated the doc- ]
trine that "a civil State could be best maintained j
with full hbeity in religious concernments"— ;
the same principle which, a long time afterward, j
was incorporated into the Constitution under j
which we live. The memoiiaiists are citizens of i
high standing in our community; and I perceive |
the paper is m the handwriting of Doctor Way- ;
land, who is widely known for his piety and eru- '
dition; and it is written in a spirit of soberness ;
which is the natural result of a long enjoyment '
of the blessings of freedom. I move that the me- i
monal be printed, and referred to the Committee 1
on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to 1
print will go to the Committee on Printing, and .
the memorial will be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. i
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. !
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was !
Ordered, That the papers m the ease of Richard L. Gor-
don, win) \v;i* <li*ahlcd while employed in the military M:r- (
vice of the United States, and locrmtcd and maintained a 1
company lor said seiviee at his own expense, on the [lies of ,
the {Senate",*be referred to the Committee on Pensions. |
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. !
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public I
Lands, to whom were referred the memorial of j
E. T. Swift and others, engaged in the Black |
Hawk war, praying an amendment of the bounty ,
land laws; the memorial of.Wilham Rees, praying
permission to locate fifteen thousand acres of pub- ,
jicland in a body for the establishment of a n< i mal
settlement; and a petition of citizens of New York, 1
praying that the public lands may be laid out in ;
farms for the free and exclusive use of actual set- I
tiers, reported adversely thereon. |
Mr. S'l'UART. The same committee, to whom
were referred two petitions of citizens of Iowa,
asking the establishment of a new land district in
Iowa, ask to be discharged from their further con- j
sideration. * i
The Commissioner of the Lah£ Office reports ;
that it is not, in his opinion, proper. The com- j
mittee therefore ma*kc an adverse report, and ask ;
for the printing of the letter of the Commissioner
on the subject.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. STUART.* The same committee,'to whom
were referred three petitions of citizens of Arkan-1
sus, praying that the Fayetteville land district I
may b#Temovedto Huntsville, in Arkansas, ask
to be discharged fiom the further consideration '
of the petitions, on the ground that the present j
legislation authorizes the President to Change the i
site of land offices according to the publfc conve-
nience, and therefore no further legislation is
necessary.
Mr. STUART also,from the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 491) to au-
thorize the issuance of patents for lands entered
under the graduation act, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. STUART. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 357) for the re-
lief of Abel M. Butler, instruct me to make an
unfavorable report, on the ground that the legis-
lation of Congress authorizing parol evidence to
be received instead of record evidence under-4he
bounty land act of 1855, is all the legislation
necessary. #
Mr. STUART. Ttie same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 358) for the re-
lief of Hannah Littel, and for other purposes-,
have directed me to report it without amendment,
and that it ought not to pass. The hill combiner
a section for the relief of Hannah Littel, as the
mother of the soldier for whose services bounty-
land is proposed to be granted; and also a gen-
eral section extending the bounty land act of 1855
to the legal representatives of deceased soldiers.
On each of these propositions the committee in-
struct me to make an adveise report.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the heirs of General Stephen Moylan,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
506) for the relief of General Stephen Moylan's
heirs. The bill was read, and passed toasecond
reading; and the report was ordered to beprrntecr.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William E. Haskell,
for himself and the otherheirs of WillianiThomp-
son, deceased, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 507) for the relief of the surviv-
ing grand-children of Colonel William Thomp-
son of the revolutionary army of South Carolina.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the petition of Theodore Lewis, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referred resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Apalaehicola, Florida, rela-
tive to the improvement of the harbor, and the
construction of a custom-house at that place; re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
were referred memorials of the Legislature of
Minnesota, relative to the improvement of the St.
Croix river, the Beef Slough bar, and the Mis-
sissippi river, at Sauk Rapids, reported adversely
thereon.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred, on the 21st December, three peti-
tions of inhabitants of Oneida and Jefferson coun-
ties, New York, and on the 12th January, three
petitions of citizens of New York, relative to a
breakwater at Cape Vincent, reported adversely
thereon.
He,also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred ihe petition of Richard Chenery, as-
signee of H. B. Russ, reported a bill (S. No. 509)
for the relief of Richard Chenery; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com- ^
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
576) for the relief of Captain Douglass Ottiriger,
reported it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED-
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
508) to establish a national line of mail steamships
between certain ports of the United States and
Great Britain; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and hy unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
510) in addition to the acts which prohibit the
Afnean slave trade; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and oidered to be
printed.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 511) for
