14&2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 28,
the Department for the same service, deducting
therefrom the amount heretofore paid.
The petitioner alleges that he transported, at
the request of the postmasters and agents of the
Post Office Department, the United States mail,
in steamboats, between Cleveland, Ohio,and De-
troit, Michigan, and the several ports on Lake
Huron and Lake Superior, from the year 1848 tip
to the present time, during the season of naviga-
tion, for which service he has not received ade-
quate compensation, and he therefore prays that
Congress will allow him a fair and equitable re-
muneration for the service. The only compen-
sation received by the petitioner for the entire
service, was what was paid him by the postmas-
ters on the route for carrying the local mails at
the nominal compensation of one cent each for
letters and half a cent each for newspapers, which
mails formed but a small part of the entire mail
transported by him. The larger portion of the
mail was what is commonly known as the
" through mail," for the transportation of which
no compensation whatever was allowed. The
present compensation for this service, under con-
tract", is #100 per round trip, a distance of twenty-
two hundred miles, which is probably the cheap-
est service in the United States, which the commit-
tee believe should be awarded to the petitioner for
his services.
Mr. STUART. I propose to amend this bill,
in the fourth line, by striking out the words,
" pay out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated," and inserting, "audit
and settle the accounts of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I also move an amendment in
the fourteenth line, after the word " Department,"
to insert the word " to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred m. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL JONES.
Mr. MASON. I have a similar request to make.
1 ask the Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No.
324) to allow the legal representatives of Samuel
Jones five years' full pay in lieu of half pay for
life.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot let that bill pass with-
out some investigation.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will make a statement I think will meet his
views. This man is nearly eighty years old. He
has been forty years prostrated in that way, and
the only question was, whether he was a super-
numerary officer. That is proved, and satisfac-
torily proved, by a certificate from the late Chief
Justice Marshall, who knew him.
Mr. CLAY. What was the only question?
. Mr. MASON. Whether he was one of the
supernumerary officers who were entitled to half
pay. He is an old man, and will die very shortly.
Mr. CLAY. What is the amount?
Mr. MASON. He was a captain, or rather his
father was a captain, and the amount proposed to
•be paid him is full pay for five years, instead of
the half pay for life, whatever that was.
Mr. CLAY. Read the bill.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, Sfc., That the proper accounting officer* of
the Treasury be, and thev are hereby, required to allow the
legal representatives of Samuel Jones, deceased, a captain
of infautiy in the Virginia hue on Continental establish-
ment, (without interest,) compensation equal to five years'
full payas such captain,and which compensation is m lieu
of haif pay for life due to said Samuel Jones, deceased, to
be paid out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot vote for that bill, for the
reason that has governed my vote in all such cases,
and which, I think, has geneially prevailed in the
Senate; and that is, this allowance of half pay, or
full pay either, was mvthe nature of a bounty, and
was a personal gratuity allowed to an officer or
certain persons designated in the act. It is not a
vested right which descends to children or per-
sonal representatives; and hence it is in violation
of u general principle; and I am obliged to vote
against it.
Mr, MASON. I submit to that honorable
Senator, that he is wrong in his facts, and that
Congress made a contract with the officers of the
army in a time of great need during the devolu-
tion, that the Government would give them half
pay for life if they would continuejn service. It
was no gratuity, no pension;but it was an abso-
lute binding contract, and it was as much part of
his property as a contract with a private individ-
ual. Afterwards the Congress, in order to get rid
of the onerous pension system, prevailed on the
officers to accept five years' full pay as commu-
tation. It was a binding contract, and as much
the property of the individual as a contract with
a private individual. It was to get rH of the
odium of the pension system which prevailed, and
the officers.did agree to acceptfive years'full pay
in lieu of half pay for life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know,
with regard to this individual case: Did this man
receive his commutation ?
Mr. MASON. Never. There is a very short
report, if you will allow the Secretary to read it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill received the care-
ful consideration of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims; and I think it ought to pass.
Mr. MASON. There is a very short report.
Let it be read.
The Secretary r#ad the following report, made
by Mr. Shields, January 11, 1859:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claim", to whom were
referred the petition and accompanying pnpeis of Samuel
Jones, the legal representative ol Captain S.imuel Jones, of
the Virginia line of the revolutionary army, report:
That this ease was buhmiited at the lat-t f e&sion to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims of the Hou*>c of Rep-
resentatives, who made a report theieon, which report is
hereto annexed, and adopted by this committee, to wit :
" It appeals from the evidence before your committee that
there were two officers in the Virginia line of the same
giade and of the same name, belonging one to the eleventh
and one to the fifteenth regiment. The Captain Jones who
belonged to the fifteenth legiment was dismissed from the
service in 1778. The other continued m active service till
3779, at which time several companies, bioken by the events
of war, \vere united to make full companies, by winch ar-
xangement the Samuel Jones undei consideration was left
without a command, and became a supernumerary, and,
from the testimony of Chief Justice Marshall, and that of
oihers,your committee believe he so remained ull the end
of the war. The committee report a bill."
Mr. MASON. The original certificate of the
late Chief Justice Marshall is among the papers,
in his own hand-writing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not appear from
the report that he was one of those who became
entitled to the commutation at all; or that he was
one of those who bccame entitled to half pay,
during life, whether he enlisted under circum-
stances which would give it to him.
Mr. MASON. It appears from the report that
he was a captain in the Virginia Continental line;
and that a vast number of companies were broken
up; and the committee refer to different events of
the war
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that resolu-
tion for half pay for life passed?
-Mr. PUGH. In 1781.
Mr. MASON. The resolution that gave full
pay for life was one passed in 1781,and provided
for ail those who should remain in the service
until the end of the war. Now, the Chief Justice
proved that there were two men of the same name
in the Army, and one of them was dismissed from
the service. This man was in a different regi-
ment. He says he knew him, and was in trie
regiment with him, in 1782; and that he never did
resign.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not appear from
the rolls that he was one of those at all, accord-
ing to the testimony. With regard to a man
being in the service, or being one who came under
the operation of that law in any way, the report
ought to specify the proof on the subject, or some
reason shown why he did not make application
for the commutation. There is no proof at all
of anything except the fact that he was an officer
in the service for a specific term, and one of the
supernumeraries who were dismissed, ltdoes not
make out a case, in any shape or form, to bring
it within the rule. Supposing that all contained
m the report be true, it does not make out a case.
Mr. MASON. If that Senator had read the
papers and reports as I did, I think he would say
that this case is brought clearly within the pro-
visions of the act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I heard the report read.
Mr. MASON. We know the history of the
country in that day. We know that the officers
were in a state of starvation, leaving the camp;
we know the importunate letters written by the
Commander-m-Chief, urging them not to do so,
that the army would be dissolved; we know the
importunate letters which lie wrote to Congress,
to pass some measure to induce them to remain;
and we know that they did agree to remain, in
consequence of this proposition, that Congress,
at a future day, would remunerate them. I say
the papers in this case show the facts that this
man was in the service in 1779, when his com-
pany was broken up. The southern campaign
was projected; and as fast as they could fill up
the companies officers took command of them; but
they did not fill them all. What was the provision ?
That those who remained in the service, whether
in actual service or as a supernumerary, waiting
for companies to fill up, should receive this half
pay. 1 examined it, and I think the case is
brought within the provisions of the act. I hope
we shall be allowed to take the vote.
Mr. PUGH. This bill would involve a very
long discussion. 1 agree with the Senator from
Maine that this party, according to the report,
does not come within the equity of the resolution,
or within its letter. This bill cannot pass with-
out considerable discussion. I move to postpone
this bill and all prior orders, to take up the bill
to secure homesteads to actual setters on the pub-
lic domain.
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall take a vote on
the-pther bill.
Mr. PUGH. It must lead to debate.
Mr. MASON. We shall have no more debate.
I hope the Senator will not bring the homestead
bill in competition with a private bill.
Mr. PUGH. A vote cannot be taken on it. It
•will lead to discussion.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not suppose there will be
any more discussion.
Mr. CLAY. It will lead to discussion. The
Senator will not get a vote to-day on it.
Mr. PUGH. Jt must be debated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist on his motion to take up the
homestead bill ?
Mr, PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I hope very
much that the Senator from Ohio will not insist
on taking that hill upthis morninganddisposing
of it to-day. Upon looking at the bill casually,
1 find that there are several amendments which
should be appended to it, which I have not been
able to prepare, and which in preparing, I would
be glad to submit to gentlemen «nd see whether
it is possible that the details of the bill can be sat-
isfactorily arranged. Some of the details of the
bill are very bad, and I think it will be found
that, in some instances, it has resulted more from
oversight than anything else, that certain portions
have been allowed to remain in the bill.
Mr. PUGH. Are you speaking of the home-
stead bill ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir; I am
speaking of the homestead bill. I say I would
be glad if it should be allowed to go over. I
shall certainly interpose no objection at all to
taking it up to-morrow; but I should like to have
time to prepare some amendments.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order.
I asked general consent to take up the bill for the
relief of Samuel Jones. It could not be taken up
without general consent; and that consent was
given, and it was taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senatorjfrom Virginia, that the ques-
tion on taking it up was not put to the Senate.
The question is upon his motion to take it up.
Mr. JONES. The Senator from Ohio moves
to postpone that and all previous orders, for the
purpose of taking up the homestead bill. I hope
that he will not be willing to yield that motion;
but that the homestead bill will be taken up in
order that I may have the pleasure to record my
vote for it, as I have not had that pleasure here-
tofore. I happened to be at the President's with
enrolled bills when the previous votes were taken.
I hope we shall take up the homestead bill. We
have given lands in large quantities, twenty thou-
sand acres to each Representative in the old States,
and I want to see the poor, homeless people have
a place to live upon.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not take it
up. We shall not have more than time enough
to dispose of the appropriation bills, and I hope
the Senate will not interpose anything to displace
them.
