MO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
the repayment of lead rents improperly paid to
the Government; which was read twice by Us
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
On motion by Sir. SHIELDS, it was
Orderedt That the hill (S. No, 494) to secure title to the
settler* upfvn the Kansas half breed tract, and for other pur-
poses, be referred to the Comnutiee on Pu&fic Lands.
MAIL ROUTES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be requested to inquufi into the expediency of
establishing a mail route and tu-weekly mail ftom Chat-
field, in Fillmore county, to Winnebago City, in Faribault
county, via High Foiest, Brownsville. Lansing, Sumner,
and Bancroft; also, a mail route arid weekly mail from
Owatotina Veiner, in Blue Earth county, via Meriden and
Wilton; also, a mail loute and weekly mail from Ilasiings,
irt Dacotah county, ro St. Peters, in Nicollet county, via
Lakeville, Wheatland, and Lexington, all in the State of
Minnesota.
MAIL ROUTES IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instiucted to inqune into the piopnety of
■.establishing a mail route fioni WcMvillr, m Simpson coun-
ty, to Jackson, in Hinds county, Mississippi; al&o, a ioute
from Blount Zion, in Simpson county, by Lloekpott, to iia-
zlehur&t, in Copiah county, Mississippi.
TERRITORIAL SALARIES.
*Sr. CLTNGM AN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Tenitories be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of equalizing the talanes
of the Governors of New Mexico and Oiegon.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry*Ins Pnvatc Secretary,an-
nounced that the President of the United States
approved and signed, on the 12th instant, an act
(S. No. 198) for the lelief of Joseph Hardy and
Alton Long.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed, without amendment, the bill
of the Senate (No. 32) to repeal an act author*
izing the Secrcinry ot the Treasury to change the
names of vessels in.certain cases, approved the
5th of March, 1856.
Also that it hud passed the bill of the Senate
(No. 54,) to revive and extend an actentitled "An
act. for the relief of the legal representatives of
John Dnnnclson, Stephen Hcaid, and others,"
approved May 24, 1^24, and the several acts ex-
tending, continuing, and reviving the same, with
an amendment, in which the coucurrcnce of the
Senate was requested.
COMMANDER BOUTWELL'S COURT-MARTIAL.
Mr. JONES. I present a resolution of inquiry,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be diiectcd to
furnish the Senate with a copy of the record of thecouit-
martial that tried Commander Boutwell. in this citv, in
June, 1858; aUo a copy of his letter of explanation, dated
Match 2, 1857, addicted to the lion. J. C. Dobbin, the then
Seeretaiy of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. I must interpose an objection to
the passage of that resolution; though i have no
objection to its being considered now. Applica-
tions of that sort have been almost unifotmly re-
fused both in regaid to com ts-martial in the Army
and in the Navy, on the ground that tho Senate
would not exercise a revisory judgment over the
•proceedings of those tribunals. 1 have asked for
these records myself, in repeated cases, but it has
been refused; and the practice of the Senate has
been almost uniformly to refuse it. I know noth-
ing atall about this case, but I do not wart Com-
mander Boutwcll to be put in a different position
from hundreds of others who have been tried by
courts-martial in the Army and the Navy, in
whose cases the Senate have almost uniformly
refused to call for the proceedings of courts-mar-
tial.
Mr. JONES. I hope the Senator will allow it
to go to the Committee on Naval Affairs, at least;
that they may decide whether this call shall be
made or not. I move to refer the resolution to
the Committee on jSfaval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill and jouitresolution; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President:
An act for the telief of Elias Hall, of Rutland,
Vetmonf; and ¥
A joint resolution for the appointment of two
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
SPECIFIC DUTIES.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate take up
House bill No. 303.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator will allow
me to have a resolution, calling for information,
acted upon.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to that, if it
leads to no debate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I presume it will not. I
offeied a resolution on the 23d of December, call-
ing on the Seci clary of the Treasury for informa-
tion. I should like to have it taken up, and acted
on now. I mnve to t<iko it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Mr, Simmons's resolution,
which is in the following words:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Tiea&ury he, and he
is hereby, dirfcted to tepirtto the Senate a plan for racing
revnuo^utFic icnt m amount to meet I he oidmaiy expenses!
of the Govei nment, hv the imposition of specific, instead of
ad valorehi duties, accoiding to the recommendation of the
President in hi*, annual me-^.ige to Congi^s at its present
session •> and that ise a!>o fu!iu-h a <chi'ilnle ot all aWieles
upon which specific duties have been levied under any of
the revenue law*; of the United State*, and to add to hicIi
schedule such other aiticles upon which, in his judgment,
ppoeitie duties maybe sai'oly and conveniently impo.-ed,
with the av 'iage value, for'ihc la^t five year*, of such of
them in foreign eountues and in the United States, as he has
the means of ascertaining, with tho rate per centum which
was collected upon ilic value o( the pi incip.tl aiticlcs subject
to bpeciftc duties under the tauff act ot 184-2.
■ Mr. P.UGH. That resolution will certainly
load to debate; and I hope the Senator will not
press it. 1 shall certainly vote against it myself.
It is not a resolution asking for information, but
a resolution directing the Secretary to report a
particular tariff plan.
The PRESI DING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the cluiir.) The resolution is before the Senate,
'and the question is on agreeing to it.
Mr. PUGH. 1 move to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER.. I should like to hear it read
again.
The Secretary read Bhe resolution.
Mr. STUART. I shall move to lay the reso-
lution on the table; and I wish tostate, in a word,
the reason. If the resolution were to pass the
Senate, and be cdmnlied with by the Secretary of
the Treasury j the bill that he would present could
not be acted upon by the Senate under the Con-
stitution, because it would be a bill for raising
revenue, which could not be originated in this
body. The whole work, therefore, would be use-
less; and, in that view of the case, I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment?
Mr. STUART. ' Certainly: if the Senator
wishes to explain his proposition.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not wish to enter into
any debate on this resolution. I supposed that
its purpose was so obvious that no debate would
be ncccssary. The President of the United States,
in his annual message to Congress, has recom-
j mended a change in the mode of levying the du-
] ties, together with such an addition to them as
| will raise sufficient revenue for the wants of the
t Government, and this resolution calls upon the
j Secretary of the Treasury for a detailed estimate,
j according to the recommendation of the Presi-
' dent. It was objected to on the day of its intro-
| daction by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ive&-
i son:] not that he had any objection to getting the
1 information, hut ho wanted time to consider the
resolution. I have not called it up with a desire
to make remarks upon it; but so far as 1 know,
all who take any interest in this subject ott&sider
the information necessary and proper, and indis-
pensable to lay before the Senate the views of the
President, as well as those of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which he has communicated in the an-
nual report, ft is impossible for the Senate to
consider any bill on this subject without this infor-
mation; and as its preparation will require some
time, I have thought it proper to call for the infor-
mation, so that we can look over the plan before
any measure shall come to us from the othfer
House. Why it should be the disposition of any
friend of the Administration to prevent a plan
drawn outin detail, in conformity with the recom-
mendation of the President, seeing the light and
coming within the observation of the Senate, is
more than 1 can perceivc.
TheSecietary of the Treasury has recommended
a change in the tariff. He has recommended Con-
gress to adopt not the best mode in his judgment,
but the second best. He says the best mode of
increasing the revenue would be to resort to tho
free list, as it is called, composed of articles not
produced m this country; but as Jfe has no idea
that such a plan would be adopted by Congress,
he takes an intermediate plan, and recommends
the addition of about four per cent to the present
rates of duty on articles coming into competition
with those produced in the United States, and
about six times as much, or twenty-lire per cent
on those that do not come into competition, a sort
of compromise between imposing all the burdens
on the raw materials used in the country, and
imposing five sixths of them on that description
of goods. I should like to see a plan drawn out,
for 1 know it is in the power of the Secretary to
give this information, and I do not believe that
there is anybody here authorized to say that he
does not wish to do it. If there is, that would
present another question. I believe that he would
be very ready and very willing to furnish this in-
formation. i think it would be prudent at least
to call for it in season, before we come to act on
any general measure of this character. If it could
be obtained within a day or two after the bill
came in, it might be more proper to postpone it;
but that cannot be expected; these details cannot
be furnished without some considerable labor.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator wiil allow me,
I will state that if he will modify his resolution
so as to confine it to the statistical information he
desires, I shall have no objection, and I presume
the Senate will have none to its passage. It is to
that part of it which directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish a bill, that I object.
Mr. SIMMONS. A plan, not a bill.
Mr. STUART. Well, a plan. Stiike that out,
and confine his inquiry to the information, and I
presume there wiil be no objection to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am willing to modify it in
any way so as to meet the object. But I do not
know how the statistics will furnish you with in-
fonnation as to the increase of duties that would
be necessary to give us sufficient revenue to carry
on the Government. What I want is a revenue
plan, which, in the judgment of the Department,
will raise sufficient tevenue to meet the wants of
the Government, and indicate the changes which
'the President recommends. This 1 ask.
Mr. STUART. If the Sert&tor will allow me a
word, I will say that the resolution in its-present
form assumes that the present tariff is insufficient
in the opinion of the Suctetaiy. The Secretary
may not deem the present tarilf insufficient to raise
a sufficient amount ofrevenue; but this resolution
assumes that it isso, and that he thinks so. Now,
I say, if he furnishesa plan, it must be a plan of a
law which the Senate could not act upon. I am
entirely willing, however, that the Senator shall
get the information he desires; and if he will mod-
ify his resolution, by striking out that part in re-
gard to a plan, there will be no objection, I pre-
sume, to its passage; at least I shall have none.
Mr. HUNTER. Permit me to suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island, to strike out that
part of the resolution which calls on the Secre-
tary for an expression of opinion, and so amend
the resolution as to call for facts only , and there
will be no objection to it. He is entitled to the
facts, and that is all, I presume, he can want.
Mr. SIMMONS. One suggestion at a time, if
the Senator from Virginia pleases; 1 am now at-
tending to the Senator from Michigan; I will hear
him afterwards. TheSenatorfrom Michigan says '
his objections to the resolution is, that it assumes
thatthepresent law will not give sufficient revenue,
and that it takes it foi granted such is the opinion
©f-the Secretary of the Treasury. I only take it
