1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
for granted because he has so informed Congress
in his annual report. He has told us that the
present law is inadequate; he gives you details,
and tells you how much you will be deficient—
$7,000,000. I want him to suggest such an alter-
tion of the rates of duty, or forms of imposing
duty, as will meet the deficiency that he says will
take place. I do not assume anything about it.
The Secretary of the Treasury has stated in Jiis
annual report that there will be this deficiency,1
and the President has so stated in his message.
They recommend different plahs to supply that
deficiency. We have got the plan of the Secre-
tary; and I want the Secretary to furnish one in
accordance with the recommendation of the Pres-
ident to supply the very deficiency which both of
them say will exist. I do not assume, and the
resolution does not assume, anything.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will pardon me
again; I dislike to,interrupt him, but I wish him
to understand me. The Senator in his resolution
calls for this plan, assuming that the present tariff
is insufficient; and he calls for a plan which shall
adopt specific instead of ad valorem duties. The
Senator is aware that the Secretary of the Treas-
sury is opposed to specific duties entirely.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly; I so stated.
Mr. STUART. Now it is rather improper to
call on the Secretary to furnish a plan to which
he is opposed. If the Senator will modify his
resolution so as to call upon the Secretary for a
plan, striking out all the proposed directions,
which, in his opinion, will supply a sufficient
amount of revenue, I shall not object to that. I
am willing that the Senator shall have the extent
of any inquiry he desires; but he lays down a
rule of action for the Secretary, to which the Sec-
retary is known to be opposed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to say one word 
Mr. PUGH. I gave way to the Senator from
Rhode Island, on the supposition that he had of-
fered a resolution calling for information, which
would give rise to no debate. It is evident we
shall not see the end of this tariff discussion soon,
and I move to lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor. He
yielded it to the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will consent to let the resolution lie over.
Mr. SIMMONd. I do not want to go beyond
the morning hour. I had Koped the resolution
would pass without debate. I'did not intend to
say a word on it. 1 did not intend to elicit any
debate by any observations of mine. The Sena-
tor from Michigan now suggests that the Secre-
tary of theTreasuiy is opposed to the plan for
which this resolution calls. That lie has told us
in his report. I stated in the commencement that
the Secretary had recommended his plan in his
report, and stated what it was, and that the Pres-
ident had recommended a different pUn; and this
resolution simply calls for the plan recommended
by the President, drawn out in such form and
with such additions as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may think proper to insure the revenue. I
do not see any disrespect either to the President
or to the Secretary. If it was proper to offer a
resolution calling on the President for his plan, I
could take that course; but that is not the way we
act. We do not call on the President for such things.
Mr. SEWARD. Will my honorable friend
allow me to make a suggestion to him, which will
perhaps reconcile this matter? Would it not an-
swerthe purpose to substitute the word "scheme"
for " plan?'
Mr. SIMMONS. I will agree to that.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not intended, I suppose,
to commit the Secretary to anything that may be
proposed. I suggest that wc adopt the word
" scheme" instead of " plan."
Mr. SIMMONS. I will adopt the word
"scheme" if it will suit everybody else, though
I do not like "scheme" so well as some other
word. It does not strike so well on the ear.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to state to the Senator
from Rhode Island that ho allow the resolution
to go over for the present—postpone it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am willing to do almost
anything to accommodate people who are in a
tight place.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone it until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI LAND FUND.
Mr. PUGH. I move to take up the bill to
which I called the attention of the Chair before—
House bill (No. 303) giving the assent of Con-
gress to a law of the Missouri Legislature for the
application of the reserved two per cent, land
fund of said State.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman wishes
to call up that biil on the idea that it is not going
to give rise to debate, I beg leave to inform him
that he is mistaken. I have said before, and I
say now, that as far as in me lies, I shall endeavor
to oppose that bill.
Mr. PUGH. The bill has passed the House
of Representatives, and has been reported by the
committee, and must be acted on at some time.
If the Senator is disposed to present his views on
the bill, I have no objection. I think the bill may
as well be disposed of. Perhaps no answer will
be required to what he may say; or perhaps a
short one will suffice. It is a bill which ought to
be passed, in my judgment.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is to be taken up, I
must go into the debate on it. I am not ready to
do it this morning.
The motion to take up the bill was notagreed to.
writs op error.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (S. No. 4) to authorize writs of error
in all cases prosecuted by indictment. I shall
follow that by motions as to other bills reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, that I think
ought to be acted upon; and I shall move that
they be made the special order for Monday next.
I do not think that any of them—certainly not
more than one—will consume half an hour, and
probably not ten minutes, in their discussion; and
yet they are bills of importance to the adminis-
tration of justice.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not fix as
early a day as that. We have an appropriation
bill which was reported yesterday, which 1 should
like to have disposed of. Probably I shall not be
able to get it up sooner than Monday. To-mor-
low is private bill day.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I move to take up the
biU'now.
The motion was not agreed to.
wiluam e. Kendall's sureties.
Mr. SEWARD. Senate bill No. 238 was yes-
terday taken up; and, on the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Air.
Hai.e,] who wanted time to look at it, it way post-
poned until to-day. There is no objection to it
now, I believe, in any quarter; and 1 ask that it
be taken up. If it involves any debate, I shall
withdraw the motion; but it is necessary to be
passed at this session, if ever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the Senator
who objected to that bill yesterday in his scat;
and on listening to the report it struck me that
the principle on which the bill was founded was
utterly wrong.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator who
made the objection yesterday, withdrew it this
morning. If the Senator desires to debate it, I
certainly 'shall not press it at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall certainly vote
against the bill.. I have notexamined it particu-
larly, because I supposed some Senators were
looking into it who objected to it yesterday. I
wish to look into it.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. I withdraw the
motion.
, salaries op ministers.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
joint resolution (S. No. 56) authorizing the Sec-
retary of S'ate to pay the salaries of the ministers
resident to the Argentine Confederation, Costa
Rica, and Honduras, which was reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations on the 11th
of January.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it must be taken up, unless the Senate other-
wise direct.
Mr. MASON. We have a minute or two left
yet, and the letter from the Secretary of State will
explain the whole matter.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of State'to
pay, out of any balance now in the Treasury of
former appropriations "for salaries of envoys ex-
traordinary, ministers, and commissioners of the
United States," the salary allowed by law for
ministers resident of the United States to the
Argentine Confederation, Costa Rica, and Hon-
duras. ,
Mr. MASON. I ask for the reading of the letter
of the Secretary of State, which I send to the
Chair.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Department of Statp,
Washington, December 14, 1858.
Sir : I have the honor to state that, pursuant to the ninth
section of the act entitled "An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United States," approved
August 18,185G, the President has accredited a ministerres-
ldent to the Argentine Confederation, who has been in-
structed to procced to Buenos Ayres; a minister resident
to Nieaiasua, who has been instructed to proceed to Costa
Rica; and also a mim&ter resident to Guatemala, who has •
been u stiueted to proceed to Honduras.
There having been no appropriation for the salary of a
minister resident to the Argentine Confederation, Costa
Rica, or to Honduras, X have the honor to request that, pur-
suant to the act above mentioned, am homy, by joint reso-
lution of Congress, or otheiwise, be given to p^y the com,
pensation for the ministers m those countries out of any
balance of former appropnations in the Treasury "for sal-
aries of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and commissirtner-
of the United States at Gioat Britain, Fiance,Russia, Piuss
sta, Spain. Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China, Child, Peru-
Portugal, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia, Belgium,
Holland, Denmark, Sweden. Turkey, Buenos Ayres, New-
Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicar-
agua, and Sandwich Islands."
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
LEW. CASS.
Hon. Tames M M\«on, „
Chain man of Committee on Foreign Relations, Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time. On
the question of its passage, the Presiding Officer
declared that the "noes " appeared to prevail,
from the sound.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I hope the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations will explain it.
Mr. MASON. The resolution is simply to pro-'
vide for the payment of ministers who have been
accredited to the three Central American States.
It was done under an existing law, by the Presi-
dent. The law referred to in the letter of the
Secretary of State gives to the President author-
| ity, instead of sending a new minister to one of
I those countries, to send any minister who is at
' one of them, to another upon a new mission. For
| instance: Mr. Lamar was sent as minister to
I Nicaragua, and after he was there the President
i directed him also to be accredited to Costa Rica,
j a neighboring State. The law authorized it with
a view to economy, the provision being that when
that is done the additional mission shall receive
half salary. There is no appropriation to pay
these half salaries, and that is now asked by the
Secretary of State. That is the object of the reso-
lution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint resolution, resulted—yeas
43, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—IVIes<rs. Allen, Bate?, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bislci, Bnght, Biodeiick,Biown,Chesnut, Clay, Chngman,
Coliainci, Davn, Dixon, Durkee, Fe^senden, Fitch, Fitz-
patnek, Foot. Foster, Green. Gvvin, Hale, Hammond, Hous-
ton, Ivur>on, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, Mason,
Po!k,Pugh, Herd, Itice, Seward. Simmon*, Shdellj Stuart,
VVadi1. Ward, Wilson, and Wright—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Claik, Harlan,
Toombs, and Tmmbuil—6.
So the resolution was passed.
commodore stewart.
Mr. HALE. There was a joint resolution re-
ported yesterday from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, authorizing the President to give Com-
| modore Stewart the rank he had a few years ago.
If it is to be done, it should be done quickly. I
move to take up that joint resolution.
Mr GrWIN. I call i'or the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it will require a vote of the Senate to post-
pone it.
Mr. HALE. -This joint resolution will not
take three minutes; and if it is to be passed, it
should bo at once.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Texas has the
