1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. The
priority of business is not debatable. That is the
ruip.
Mr, HUNTER. Save a limited debate on the
question of priority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist on his motion?
Mr, PUGH. Yes, sir; I want toanswersome
observations of the Senator from Aikansas, but
they are not now in order, and I will take another
occasion to do so. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell. Brodeuck, Cdmeiou, Chandler,
Chirk, I)i\on. I)oohtth\ Douglas, Fossendo.n, Foot, Foster,
Gwiri, Huh', II<imini, Harlan. Johnson ofTennes %ee, Jones,
Kin?. I'uph, Rice, Sewaid, Shields, Simmons, Stuait,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilt-on—27.
NAYS—Met^i®. Allen. Bates. Bayard, Bigior, Bright,
Blown. Chesnut.Clav. Chngman. Davis. Fitch. Filzpatriek,
Giut'n, Hammond. Hou.-«ton, Hunter, ivcrson. Johnson of
Arkansas. Msillory. Mason. Pe.uee, Polk, llenl. Sebastian,
Slidoll, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Waul, Wnghu
and Yulee—30.
So the Semite refused to postpone the prior
orders in order to take up the homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Yir- '
ginia.
Mr. MASON. So I understand. I hope we
shall take up the bill and pass it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I simply rise
to make a lequest of the Senate. I find, upon
consultation with many members, that they are
dissatisfied with many provisions of the home-
stead bill as it came fiom the House; and they wish
to have the Senate bill, as amended, and now be-
fore the Senate, printed, so that the two may be
compared together. I merely rise for the purpose
of asking that the Senate bill, as amended, be
printed, so that, when the homestead bill is called
up, the two propositions may be compared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. JVERSON. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is only an
order to print.
Mr. IVERSON. I am against the bill in toto;
but at the request of several Senators around me,
I withdraw the objection.
•The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now ask the Senate to take
up the bill for the relief of Samuel Jones, and
have a vote upon it. If it is debated I will lay it
aside.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H R. No. 324) to allow to the legal
representatives of Samuel Jones live yGars full
pay, in lieu of half pay for life.
Mr. BAYARD. I should regret to have to
vote against this bill; but the principle involved
in it is beyond the bill. I heard the report read;
and the report does not state facts sufficient to
warrant the passage of the bill. Now, I suppose
we appoint our committees for the purpose of
making, at least on the face of the report, a prima
facie statement, which would justify the Senate
in passing the bill to which the report relates.
Where no report is made m writing? of course
we take the statement of the committee as to the
facts. In this case, there is a report in writing;
and yet, in order to obviate the objections made
against the bill, my honorable friend from Vir-
gmiais obliged to state facts which do notappear
on the face of the report, and which would entitle
 he party to relief upon his statement. As a
matter of strict rule, always to be adhered to
where a written report is made, ought not what
is necessary for the purpose of enabling the Sen-
ate to pass a judgment on the propriety of the
final passage of the bill, to appear on the face of
the report? Notthe evidence, but the result of the
evidence, ought to be stated by the committee,
and all the material facts that would justify the
action of the body.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims made the report to which the
honorable Senator refers. I will state that this
report presents every point that has been decided
in other cases. It does not go into an elaborate
argument about this particular claim, because it
is one of the strongest claims that ever came be-
fore the body; but merely takes up the few points
upon which all other cases have been decided,
and presents those. " I
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator will |
allow me, I am not commenting upon (he report. :
The objection made by the honorable Senator
from Maine was, that there was nothing to show
here that this party wasasupernumerary; nothing
to show that he came within the act which au-
thorized the commutation of half pay for life, or
the commutation in lieu of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I beg your pardon; that is
not so.  
Mr. BAYARD. I heard nothing of the kind
in the report.
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly there is; the hon-
orable Senator is mistaken.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, sir, I did not hear it.
I thought I heard the w'hole report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand this bill,
it establishes a principle which the Senate refused
to establish generally for all officers in the service;
and I ask the yeas and nays <mi the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MASON. I told the honorable Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] who is entitled to
the floor, that if any debate arose I would not
press the bill. I am sorry that such is the fact.
I hope it will be passed over to allow the Senator
to go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to postpone the bill?
Mr. MASON. No, sir. I understand the vote
can be taken.
The yeas and nays wereordeied on the passage
of the bill; and being taken, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 30; as follows: •
YEAS—Mos^ Bates. Bell, Brown,Douglas,Foot,Ham-
mond, Houston, flunter,' Iverson, Kennedy, Mason, Sebas-
tian, Seward, ►Shield.*, Smart, Thom&on of New Jersey,
Waul, and Yulee—18.
NAVS-Mcssk Bayard. Benjamin, Blight, Broderick,
Cameron, Clark, Clay, Chngman, Davis, Duikee, Fessen-
den, Fitzpatrick, Fo>ter, Green, Hale, Hamlin, liatlan,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ot Tonnessee, Jones, King,
Polk, Puirli, Reid, Shdeli, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wnght—30.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. CAMERON. I move a reconsideration
of the vote just taken upon the bill for the relief
of Samuel Jones.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entered.
PERSONAL VINDICATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. Within a very few days,
Mr. President, my political life will terminate.
Previous to that event, I deem it due to myself,
and to the truth of history,as well as to posterity,
that I should be indulged in vindicating myself
against uncalled-for charges and unjustifiable def-
amation. Were it necessary, in retiring from
official position, to cite illustrious examples for
such a course, I could cite that of General Wash-
ington, who felt it necessary, with his large, his
immeasurable renown, to offer a refutation of
anonymous calumnies which had been circulated
against him, and to specify the particular facts in
relation to them. I find, too, that General Jack-
son, in his lifetime, deemed it proper to file avin-
dication of himself, which was not disclosed until
after his deceasc. Not wishing to place myself
in a category with these illustrious men, 1 never-
theless feel that it is due to myself that I should
vindicate my character from the attacks that have
been made upon me. Within the next month, I
shall have served my country, with few intervals,
for a period of forty-six years. How that service
has been performed, I leave to posterity to de-
termine. My only desire is, that truth shall be
vindicated, and that 1 may stand upon that foun-
dation, so far as posterity may be concerned with
my action, that they may have an opportunity of
drawing truthful deductions. Either of the illus-
trious pati iots referred to might have spared much
of their world-renowned distinction, and yet have
had a world-wide fame left. More humble in my
sphere than they were; more circumscribed than
they, I feel that it is the more necessary for me
to vindicate what may justly attach to me, from
the fact that I leave a posterity, and from that cir-
cumstance I feel a superadded obligation. Neither
of those illustrious men left posterity. I shall
leave a posterity that have to inherit either my
good name, based upon truth, or that which ne-
cessarily results to a character that is not unspot-
ted in its public relations. I have been careless
of replying to these things for years. I believe
no less than ten or fifteen books have been writ-
ten defamatory of me, and I had hoped, having
passed them with very little observation, that,as
I approached the close of my political term, iand
was about to retire to the shades of private life,
I should be permitted to enjoy that retirement in
tranquillity ; that my defamers would not pursue
me there with the rancor and hatred with which
they pursue an aspiring politician whom they
wish to siiik or depress. I could see no reason
for their continued efforts to detract from my
fairly earned reputation.
Mr. President, these were fond anticipations,
and they were delightful to cherish. 1 entertained
them with cordiality; they were welcome to my
heart. But i find recently, and it is that to which
my observation is immediately directed, a pro-
duction purporting to be a Texas Almanac, which
contains what is said to be a narrative of the
" campaign of San Jacinto." It has a name at-
tached to it, and purports to be taken from the
diary of a gentleman who has the prefixof " Doc-
tor" to his name, to give it weight in society. The
individual is unknown. He is a poor dupe, igno- ,
rant, I presume, of the contents ofthe paper which
bears his name. It is possible that he never knew
a word it contained. It would be difficult to think
otherwise; for one avenue to his understanding,
he being profoundly deaf, has for many years
been closed, and he has given a positive contra-
diction to the parts of his paper that were consid-
ered the most pointed and important.
The object was to assail my reputation, and
to show that the battle of San Jacinto, and all
the preceding acts of generalship connected with
that event, had been forced upon the general, and
that really, on that occasion, he had acted with a
dchcacy unbecoming a rugged soldier. This is
the design. How far it will be successful, I do
not pretend to say; but it is strange that such a
mass of this work should be produced. I perceive
that no less than twenty-five thousand copies of
it are to be circulated in the character of a hook.
It would be rather imposing, bound in cloth or
leather, but in paper it is not so very important;
but still there is something very ostensible &boxxtit.
My object, on this occasion, will be to show the
true state of facts connected with that campaign,
and with the wars of Texas. It is a subject which
I had hoped was passed by forever, and would
never again come under review, particularly my
having had any connection with it. I had desired
that it would cease forever, so far as i was con-
cerned, and that I should never be placed in a po-
sition in which I should seem to be fighting my
battles over again. They have not been so nu-
merous, or so illustrious, that I should recall them
with any more pleasure than that which arisas
from having rendered yeoman service to my coun-
try, and rendered every duty that patriotism de-
manded. I had hoped, therefore, that I should be
spared this occasion of presenting myself before
the public- In treating of the subject now, I will
speak ofthe general and Commander-in-Chiefin
the third person, for I do not like the pronoun I,
so often repeated as would otherwise be neces-
sary, and J shall give it that character which I
think will be most seemly and acceptable.
It is necessary, in the first place, to announce
the fact that, on the 2d of March, 1836, the dec-
laration of Texan independence was proclaimed.
The condition of the country at that time I will
not particularly explain; but a provisional gov-
ernment had existed previous to that time. In
December, 1835, when the troubles first began m
Texas, in the inception of its revolution, Houston
, was appointed major general of the forces by the
{consultation then in session at San Felipe. He
I remained in that position. A delegate from each
j municipality, or what would correspond to coui*-
ties here, was to constitute the government, with
a Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Council,
They had the power of the country. An army
was requisite, and means were necessary to sus-
tain the revolution. This was the first organi-
zation of anything like a government, which ab-
sorbed the power that had previously existed in
committees of vigilance and safety in different
sections of the country. When the general was
