THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IB,
served," will never be forgotten. Sir, that will
, tingle in the ears of patriots for ages to come. All
the combinations of aspirants or political dema-
gogues cannot defeat the great object and aim of
our forefathers, and of the men who rise in the
vista between them and us. I have never, in my
life, seen an Andrew Jackson Democrat who was
not a firm and decided Union man. He was not
a man to make hypothetical cases, and say that
in such and such events, in case such and such
things would be done, the Union would be dis-
solved. It is easy to make a man of straw and
prostrate him. The honorable Senator from
Georgia, however, says the people of Georgia
would not even wait for overt acts. He thinks
they would begin before it came to that. I think
there was no clanger to be apprehended from the
anti-slavery agitation so long as it was confined
to such people as those who originated it in the
North—a lady or two, and a gentleman or two,
here and there. They became objects of impor-
tance from the fact that the South, choosing to-agi-
tate the matter, came in conflict with them, and
gave them prominence, and swelled them into
somethinglike a political party, and, after a while,
they became imposing in their attitude. But, sir,
there wer„e more free-soilers made by the repeal of
the Missouri compromise than had ever existed
before on the face of the earth. By whom was
that repeal brought about? Who produced it?
Sir, 1 am not afraid of disunion. 1 do not think
there is any danger, though gentlemen may talk.
There areagreat many very gaseous gentlemen in
the South who have a great deal of time to play the
demagogue, and to become important street-cor-
ner politicians, to talk about it; but there are thou-
sands of men at home at their work, who know
nothing and care nothing about what is said in
such places and by such persons. These men
contrive either to be sent to public assemblies on
occasions that can give expression to their opin-
ions, or they send themselves voluntarily, and
they assume to represent what is considered an
important class in the community. But, sir, they
are not going to bring about disunion. An at-
tempt was made in a portion of the southern coun-
try to start a great southern league, to prepare
the public mind for forcing the southern States
in to a revolution at any time that might be thought
proper; but that league was an abortion; it failed;
it may have had one small branch, but it tapered
down to the mere point of nothing. That was
said to be a great effort. From the fuss it made
throughout the South, you would have thought
it embodied some great principle; that the South
were in imminent danger of destruction, but it
happened that the South got along very well, and
the southern league died. That is the way these
leagues will go whenever they start, and are
brought to the attention of the people. When
the people reflect, they will be fully satisfied that
it is not a league for the benefit either of them or
of their posterity.
I cannot for a moment believe that the wisdom
of this nation will ever, so long as time, lasts,
abandon the road of security and safety to it, or
that it will ever forget the wise teachings of the
fathers. What do you think of the great polit-
ical leader who will boldly assert that the boys,
nowadays, have more wisdom than the framers
of the Constitution and the fathers of the Revo-
lution had? Such a sentiment has been enunci-
ated by the author of the southern league; but
how much regard is to be paid to his sanity, or
how much respect to his patriotism or his opin-
ions? Sir, what shall be thought when a man
profanely derides the memory of our glorious an-
cestors who established this Union, and conse-
crated it by their wisdom and by their loyalty
and by their devotion to human happiness, and
who had the prospective glory of a nation of free-
fnen before them. The idea that an American
tongue should be wagged to detract from their
high renown and manifest wisdom, is sacrilege.
The honorable gentleman supposes that 1 meant
to make a martyr of him, and that I imputed to
him treason, and wanted to crucify him. Sir, I
never thought of such a thing. I meant to make
no application of my remarks on that point to
liim; but I wanted to impress him with my per-
sonal kindness of feeling, and to show that I had
no hostility. I did not wish to evince, either in
tone, in language, or in sentiment, any personal
hostility to him. It was his opinions that I com-
bated; not hispersonal amiable qualities, nor his
blandness, nor his personal attractions or embel-
lishments; but I wished to attack what I thought
was the heresy ofhis positions; notto impugn his
honor, his truth, or his candor. I could not do
that, for he is exceedingly candid. [Laughter.]
It is really strange that he should suppose that I
would crucify him. I have no doubt he thinks
he is right; but I would rather that he should live
for a thousand years, that he should live until ex-
perience shall correct what I think are his errors;
but I would not cut short his life a single moment,
or send him to his long account with the sin of
any predilection he might have for disunion upon
his head. I would not think of it, Mr.President.
[Laughter.] I am sure there is no single quality
that I more admire than forbearance; and though
that gentleman has thought proper to say that I
charged him with treason, I beg leave to say that
he was not in my mind's eye at the particular
moment that I used the expression in regard to
treason. I was referring then to a crisis over
which busy memory was employed, thinking of
the scenes that had passed between that moment
and the moment I was addressing the Senate;
what vast changes had taken place; a new world
of associates, and all things contrasted with that
day, wonderful to contemplate. I never once
thought of inflicting crucifixion upon the gentle-
man, nor did I think of charging him with trea-
son, though I believe the sentiments he has enun-
ciated might bear that construction, if we were to
come down to the Constitution and its intent and
spirit. He says it is treason to the South to do
so and so. Well, sir, the honorable gentleman is
not unconscious of his importance. I am satisfied
that he is fully impressed with the exalted posi-
tion which he occupies, and I cannot say that I
ever wish that he shall not be renewed in his
position here; but if he shall not be, I promise
him a hospitable reception at Cedar Point, where
we can talk over the present, talk over the past,
and enjoy the fish of the bay and the game of the
.forest.
Mr. President, I tell you that the honorable
Senator is not altogether without some aspira-
tions; he feels that he is not only capable of great
things, but that they might be thrust upon him,
for he says:
" I am free to declare, that if I had the control of Hie
southern people"—
Well, now, that shows that there is good ma-
terial there out of which to make a Governor, and
if he had never thought about the control of them
he would not, in the heat of debate, suggest it
here. There is something deliberate and calcu-
lating in this;
" I am free to declare Iitc, that if 1 had the control of
tile southern people, I would demand this ot' Congress"—
He thinks that the South should have every-
thing. He does not define exactly what it is, but
she should have an equal share of everything,
withoutspecifyingany particular thing—as I now
hope she has; and he says:
" J would demand this of Congress at the organization of
every territorial government, a<* the term-, upon which the
South should remain in the Union. I would hold our
' right' in one hand and ' separation' in the other, and leave
the North to choose between them. If you would do us
justice, t would live with you m peace; if you denied us
justice, I would not live with you another day."
Now, sir, I want to know when the North has
denied us justice? and I want to know whether
words spoken are to be taken for acts done ? Is
it to be a cause of quarrel between the North
and South that a number of intemperate individ-
uals at the North express ultra notions, about
which the masses in the North do nouigree them-
selves? Is the language of such individuals to be
set down to the charge of the North as meriting
the reprobation and "condemnation of the whole
community ? and are they, for that reason, to be
declared aliens, and to be ostracised ? Can we
control the expressions of persons in the North ?
There is no constitutional prohibition, that I know
of, against the expiession of opinion ; every man
has a right to express his opinions in this coun-
try; and, much as I may be at variance with gen-
tlemen in regard to their views, I do not consider
the expression of them an act of treason to the
South. The South very freely pxercisesthe same
privilege; and if the North had the same disposi-
tion which is evinced by some portions of the
South, they could with good reason complain of
the constant talk of dissolution, and use that as a
pretext for sloping off themselves. I do not be-
lieve that the expression of opinions is a violation
of the Constitution; I do not think it is sufficient
ground to keep up an eternal quarrel. An overt
act of encroachment on our rights would place us
in a different position. 1 can see no use in pre-
senting hypothetical cases continually, and say-
ing that if such and such things were done that
never .have been contemplated or thought of, they
would be good ground for separation. When
those things occur, it will be time enough to ex-
amine the point; we shall be as well prepared then
as we are now; but to make preparation for an
event that is not at all probable may be the means
of precipitating us into difficulties Ifm which
nothing would ever extricate us. Wnen an act
is done, there may be something in it; but gen-
tlemen may express themselves as they please.
I was censured, and it was brought up as a cause
of challenge against me in a canvass th rough which
I passed, that I had said that if John C. Fremont,
or any other citizen under the Constitution of the
Union, were elected President, I would not deem
it cause for going into revolution or division.
That was the sentiment I declared, and it was
brought up in judgment against me. I repeat the
sentiment—I would judge the tree by its fruit.
The American people have the right to select any
citizen who is qualified under the Constitution for
President of the United States; and whilst he dis-
charges his duties under the Constitution, I would
render him allegiance as faithfullj^as if he had
been the man of my own choice, however adverse
lie might be to me. So long as he discharged his
duties by executing the laws of the couniry and
supporting the Constitution, I would sustain him.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I heartily re-
joice that the Senator from Texas, in the generous
moderation which he has exhibited upon the pres-
ent occasion, has said nothing to which I feel
called upon to make any reply. That Senator's
relations and mine of a personal character, as he
knows well, have been long friendly and cordial;
and I regret, perhaps more than he, that anything
should have occurred to mar the kind feelings
which have subsisted between us. But, sir, when
yesterday the Senator thought proper to indulge
in language which I considered exceedingly un-
generous and harsh towards sentiments which I
had uttered on this floor, I could but feel that X
was called upon to repel the charges he made, and
to carry the war even into Africa; but the kind
personal feelings which the Senator has exhibited
towaids me to-day, together with the very exalted
compliments he has thought proper to pay me,
have disarmed me and suppressed even the tem-
porary feelings into which I was betrayed yester-
day after the speech of the Senator. I rejoice that
I have it in my power, on the present occasion,
to express my regrets that I should yesterday, by
what I considered a harsh attack made on my sen-
timents and myself, personally, have been be-
trayed into any language which was calculated to
wound the sensibility of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. WARD. Mr. President, I very much re-
gret that this question has come up at this time,
and that allusion has been made to the State from
which I come. It is not my purpose, now, to
enter into a discussion upon the subject of seces-
sion and disunion. When that question comes
up properly, Texas will be found to actpromptly
and efficiently. I am free to say, that I*elieve
there is no people in this Union who revere the
Union more than the people of Texas; and in con-
nection with that, I must say they have a like
respect for the rights which they claim under the
Constitution as a State.
Mr. President, I shall not pretend to discuss
this matter at length, nor would I have risen at
this time had not the political position of Texas
been alluded to in reference to this subject. And
here I would call the attention of my honorable
colleague. Allusion having been made to Texas
as to her political aspect, 1 feel that I should be
doing injustice to my State, as well as to myself,
as one of her representatives, if I did not state
what I consider to be her true condition in that
respect. I am sorry the question has been sprung
at all; but I must either submit to my colleague's
views, as facts put forward before the Senate, or
I must meet them. I do not expect to meet them
by long arguments, but merely to state facts as
they exist. My honorable colleague, in speaking
ofhis position, (and I regret to refer personally,
