1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
noiteringparty, under Colonel Sherman, to recon-
noiter; but they were ordered not to go within
the fire of the enemy's guns, or to provoke an at-
tack*, but if he could, by his appearance, decoy
them into- the direction of a certain island of tim-
ber, they would be received there by the artillery
and infantry that had been ordered to be in readi-
ness to march to that poifrt. No sooner was he
out of sight, than a firing commenced, with a
view, as Sherman himself declared, to bring on a
general action, in violation of the generates or-
ders. Confusion was the result of it. Two men
were wounded in our line. A confused retreat
took place; and the consequence was, that two
gallant men were wounded, and one subsequently
died of his wounds. This was done in direct
violation of the General's orders; for it was not
his intention to bring on a general action that day.
The guards that night were doubled. The next
day, about nine o'clock, troops were discovered
advancing; along the prairie ridge, in the direction
of the Mexican encampment, which produced
some excitement. The general, not wishing the
impression to be received that they were rein-
forcements, suggested that it was a ruse of the
Mexicans; that they were the same troops that
were seen yesterday; that they were marching
around the swell in the prairie for the purpose of
display, because they were apprehensive of an
attack from the Texans. He sent out two spies
secretly—-Deaf Smith and Karnes—upon their
track, with directions to report to him privately.
They did so, and reported that the reinforcement
which the enemy had thus received amounted to
five hundred and forty.
Things 'remained without any change until
about twelve p'clock, when the general was asked
to call a council of war. No council of war had
ever been solicited before. It seemed strange to
him. What indications had appeared he did not
know. The council was called, however, con-
sisting of six field officers and the Secretary of
War. The proposition was put to the council,
"shall wc attack the enemy in position, or re-
ceive their attack in ours?" The two junior of-
ficers—for such is the way of taking the sense of
courts in the army—were in favor of attacking
the enemy in position. The four seniors, and the
Secretary of War, who spoke, said that<c to at-
tack veteran troops with raw militia, is a thing
unheard of; to charge upon the enemy, without
bayonets, in an open prairie, had never been
known; our situation is stiong; in it we can whip
all Mexico." Understanding this as the sense
of the council, the general dismissed them. They
went to their respective places.
In the morning the sun had risen brightly, and
he determined with this omen, " to-day the bat-
tle shall take place." In furtherance of that, he
walked to the bayou near where he had lain on
the earth without covering, and after bathing his
face, he sent for the commissary general, Colonel
Forbes, and ordered him to procure two axes, and
place them at a particular tree, which he desig-
nated in the margin of the timber. He sent for
Deaf Smith, and told him at his peril not to leave
the camp that day without orders; that he would
be wanted, and for him to select a companion in
whom he had unbounded reliance. His orders
were obeyed. After the council was dismissed,
the general sent for Deaf Smith and his comrade,
Reeves, who came mounted, when he gave them
the axes so as not to attract the attention of the
troops. They placed them m their saddles, as
Mexicans carry swoids arid weapons, and started
briskly for the scene of action. The general an-
nounced to them: " you will be speedy if you re-
turn in time for the scenes that are to be enacted
here." They executed the order, and when the
troops with the general were within sixty yaids
of the enemy's front, when charging, Deaf Smith
returned and announced that the bridge was cut
down. It had been preconcerted to announce that
the enemy had received no reinforcement. It was
announced to the army for the first time; for the
idea that the bridge would be cut down was never
thought of by any one but the general himself,
until he ordered it to be done, and then only
known to Smith and his comrade. It would have
made the army polemics if it had been known that
Vmce\s bridge was to be destroyed, foi it cut off
all means of escape for either army. There was
no alternative but victory or death. The general
who counsels will find, that in the " multitude of
. counsel there is confusion." It has been denied i
that'the bridge was cut down by order of the gen- [
-eral. It was said to be the promptings of Deaf |
Smith. It has been in these latter days that these j
calumnies are circulated. I will show, I think, !
from very good authority, that it has remained j
' uncontradicted for nearly twenty years; for here ;
it is. It was announced in the official report of,
the battle, in which the commanding general says: !
j " At half-pa<t three o'clock in the evening, T ordered the
officers of the Texan army to parade then respective com-
mands, having, in the mean time, ordered the bridge on the
i only road communicating with the Brazos, distant eight
1 mil«s from our encampment, to be destroyed, thus cutting
off all possibility of escape."
| " I ordered them" is the language that is used
j in the official report, of the general, that has re-
mained uncontroverted until this time. It will
| be discovered, from incontestable evidence of the
i most honorable and brave amongst men, that the
, individual who gave origin to this calumny, was
| the very identical creature who proved recreant
I on the field. The Commander-in-Chief, however,
j felt no disposition to censure any one. He felt
that there should be an amnesty in consideration
of the glorious results of the battle. He wished
not to censure any one, but gave all praise, and
gave some too much. I ask the Secretary to read
this letter.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington, September 17, 1841.
Bear Sir : You wish to know of me, wnat 1 know of
the conduct of Colonel Sidney Sherman, before and after
the battle of San Jacinto On our march to that place, Col-
onel Sherman often asked me if I had heard you speak of
him. I informed bun that 1 had heaid >ou speak of him,
and always in the highest tcims of piatbO. I thought he
looked disappointed. There was mutiny and discontent in
the army, created, as I believed, by those who wished to
put you down ; and I believed that Colonel Sheiman was
one of the most active m creating disturbance, as L will have
occasion to show.
Various councils were held on the Biazos, as well as on
the march to San Jacinto, for the put pose of opposing or
destroying your authority. Colonel Sheirnan, I am sat-
isfied. was among the most active of tho.se who sought to
destroy von. On the 20th of Apnl, the day before the bat-
tle of San Jacinto, you gave Colonel Sherman orders to
charge on an island of timber, on the left ot the artillery,
with two companies of his regiment, foi the purpose of rout-
ing some Mexicans who weie m the timber. He wished \ou
to let him charge on horseback, which you reluctantly
granted. As he approached the enemv they tired and killed
one hoise of Iris, command, and the whole command came
galloping back to the camp. In the evening, when the en-
emy bad withdrawn to where they fortified, at his request,
you ordered Colonel Sherman to take the e.walty and re-
connoiter the enemy, and it he could decoy the enemy's
cavalry to a ceitam island of timber, that the artillery and
infantry should be there to sustain him, but by no means to
approach within gun-shot of the enemy's infantry or tine.
I was present when you gave the orders to Colonel
Sherman, and soon after he came to me and asked me if I
would sustain him, as he had determined to bung on a gen-
eral engagement, contiary to your ordei . At the tame
tune, the officer with him said lie had agreed to sustain him
with Ins command. I replied that 1 knew it was contrary
to your orders to him, for I heard you give them to him ;
but, if a general engagement was brought on, my regiment
would be under aim<, and I would support him ; for you
had ordered me to have the men under aims. He departed,
saying he would depend on me. He soon commenced fir-
ing alter he was out of sightof our camp ; and, a* it had not
been expected from the orders given by you to him, there
was great stir in the camp. I started with my command,
and in marchingat>hort distance, 1 saw the cavalry return-
ing with two wounded men. Tn the mean time. Colonel
Wharton, from you, ordered me not to advance, but to wait
further ordeis. You afterwards ordered me, with my com-
mand, back to our camp, and showed evident dissatisfac-
tion with Sherman foi disobeying your oiders, in attempt-
ing to bring on a general engagement, when you did not
intend it should be done. Ii was then late in the evening
of the 20th.
Aftei the arrival of General Cos's command, next morn-
ing. (21st,) and I think it was between twelve and two
o'clock, i was summoned to attend a council of wnr. I at-
tended with six other field officeis, when you told us the
object of our being called together. You asked the council
" whether we should attack the enemy, or remain in our po-
sition and [letj the enemy attack us.''
The officer lowest in rank voted fust, and so on, until all
voted. Only two out of the seven voted for attacking the
enemy. The balance voted in favor of awaiting the attack
upon us. They said that we had not bayonets to charge uUh;
and that it v;as through, an open prairie; that our position
was strong, and in it we could whip all Mexico.
When you received the sense, of the council, von gave
no opinion, but dismissed tfie members. Soon after, i was
riding out to graze my hoise and take a look at the enemy.
You spoke to me, and asked me my object in tiding out. [
told you, when you said,v< Do not be absent. Colonel, more
than thirty minute*, as 1 will want you." I did leturn m
h *s than a half hour; you lequeateii me to see my captains
and men, and ascertain then feeling? about fignting I ie-
poited favoiably, and <aid they were anxious to tight, or they
told many lies. You ordered the troops to be paraded ; th''
second regiment, called Sheiman's, a-, lie was*colonel,and
myself lieutenant colonel. Soon alter you ordered the pa-
rade, Colonel Sheiman, in company With Colonel Burleson,
came to me, and asked mc ?/1 intended to obey your orders,
and if I did not thinkit would be better to wait until next
morning^ just before day,a>id make the attacl?. Sherman
went on to say that whatever 1 said should be done. I told
him that I would fight, if you said so, and that I would follow
you to h—1, if you would lead, in defending Texas. They
then left me. .When Colonel Sherman and  nv«.elf were
mounted, at the head of the regiment, he asked me lfl
would take command that day, as I had some expenence
in fighting, and he never had been in a battle. I thanked
him kindly, saving that I would do so. and after we were
ordered to advance, he rode with me until the enemy com-
menced firing Upon us. Colonel Sherman then Jolt m great
haste for a small island of timber, about thiee hundred
yards distant, in the rear of our left wing, where he secured
himself, and remained there until the enemy had all tied.
As I returned from the pursuit of the enemy, I met hnn
coming up with some stragglers.
This statement is made principally from notes taken
during the campaign, and from facts within my recollec-
tion, as though they had passed yesterday. I have foieborne
to state anything about Colonel Sherman's conduct in dis-
posing of, and appropriating the spoils privately to his own
use; but, should it be necessary at any futuie day lo do so,
I am fully prepared
I am your fiiend, &c.,
JOSEPH L. BENNETT.
General Sam Houston, Washington, Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, this is one
of the gentlemen who have been most active in
contributing to the contents of this almanac, as I
have been informed, and one to whom the cal-
umny has been traccd. This is not the only evi-
dence that I have in relation to that gentleman;
and I will make one statement, as it is a fact that
is important in relation to the calumnies to which
I am responding: that this letter has been in the
possession of General Sherman since 1843. He
was furnished with a copy of it; and, during sev-
eral years of Colonel Bennett's life, he never called
for explanation, nor did he ever confront Colonel
Bennett when he went where he was, but slunk
ft om his presence, and cowered before him. Since
his decease, Sherman has been busily engaged
in propagating every slander against the Com-
mander-in-Chief that malice could devise; and,
though challenged and invited to publish the letter
of Colonel Bennett, he has thought proper to rest
under all the imputations of cowardice heaped
upon him, and finds consolation, I presume, in
trying to place others in his own category. Now,
as this comes in at this particular point, 1 have
another letter that I think proper to submit. It
is very short, and I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Walker County, November 2. 1857.
Gknlihl Houstqn: Seeing ibat you have been attacked
by persons on pretense that they have been in the battle of
San Jacinto, and wish to mjuie you by false chatges, I feel
it my duty to give you a statement of what I know to be
cori ect.
I joined the army on the Colorado, and in its march to
San Jacinto I joined Captain Hayd^n Arnold's company, of
the second regiment, commanded by Colonel Sherman.
Captain Arnold's company wa* the first m the legTihent m
the. charge upon the enemv in battle. I was tlie fifth or sixth
man from Colonel Sherman. Whilw we were advancing
upon the enemy's lines, and befoie any fitmg had taken
place, Colonel Sherman called out in an audible voice,
" halt." At that moment Lieutenant Colonel Bennett, who
was close by, hallooed out," this is no time to halt. i«is>h on
boys, the enemy is'nght here in this little timber, push on
and advanced in front of the command. In casting my eye
on Colonel Bennett a moment aftei wards, I saw General
Rusk near to him. Colonel Sherman halted where he gave
the oider " to halt,'3 and I never >aw hnn again until after
the battle was over. I then saw him coming up m the rear
with some stragglers, at the ravine wheie the aimy halted
in the pursuit, and the place tiom which you ordered Cap-
tain Turner's company back to guaid the spoils.
Your obedient servant, PHILIP MARTIN.
General Sam Houston, JJunUvillc, Tpvas.
Mr. HOUSTON. This evidence, Mr. Pres-
ident, seems to account for the anxiety that Sher-
man entertainsto place his conduct in such a light
as to get rid of the deserved charge of cowardice,
and ordering a halt before he fled from the field,
and attach the imputation which he deserves, to
the Commander-in-Chief. This is the gratitude
he returns. But, Mr. President, it is proper to
remark, that previous to the order for the demo-
lition of the bridge, and during the early part of
the day, two olliceis came to the Commander-in«
Chief and asked him if it would not be well to
construct a bridge across the bayou, immediately
opposite the encampment, which was, perhaps,
some seventy or a hundred yards wide at tide-
water. The general, to get rid of them, remarked,
" is there material?" and told them to see. They
went, and after returning, reported that, by de-
molishing Governor Zavala's house, a bridge
might be constructed. The general observed to
them, that other arrangements might suit better,
and cast them otf. So soon as the general sup-
posed the bridge was destroyed, or cut down, he
