THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
council called, and why was it desired ? Because
the indications were clear that the Commander-
in-Chief intended that day to engage the enemy;
that his arrangements, though silent, indicated
his purpose. There were persons who censured
his conduct from time to time, and charged him
with cowardice. He was charged with retreat-
ing from Gonzales, and from the Colorado, and
under a pressure of circumstances crossing the
Brazos, with a design to cross the Trinity, and
go east. Why did they not then call a council
to counteract his designs ? Why did they not
interpose to prevent these things, if they believed
them ? No council of war was asked for until on
the eve of battle; and the gentleman, who was the
first to flee from the field, and who was charged
with appropriating the spoils privately, was most
active in that council. The spoils are a matter
of some import. Is it supposable that Santa
Anna, with his Mexican ostentation, would march
at the head of the finest army ever marshaled
in Mexico, and not have with him plate and
jewels*becoming the condition of a man whose
sway was absolute, and whose expectation on his
return was to assume the imperial purple, and the
scepter of the Mexican monarchy? Whatever
became ofthese spoils? The Commander-in-Chief
of theTexas army decreed the spoils to the army.
Nor did he ever receive the value of one cent.
Colonel Sherman was appointed president of the
board to manage and distribute the spoils to the
trfftps. Colonel Bennett has thrown some light
upon that subject; and had he been called on by
ColoneJ Sherman, after he charged him with ap-
propriating them, it appears from his letter that
he could have given much insight into the affair.
Not one dollar s worth of the plate was ever pro-
duced; but the stiagglers who lagged behind had
enjoyed the opportunity of concealing them until
a better time was afforded to them to carry them
away.
They have charged the Commander-in-Chief
with having more troops than he reported. Seven
hundrecron the Colorado was the number, ac-
cording to the statement of Colonel Burleson, as
he supposed. The General-in-Chief never re-
ported more than six hundred and thirty-two; his
efficient force nevercxeeedcd over seven hundred
troops at any one point. At all events, such was
the result of the campaign, that all the wisdom
of man could not have rendered it more success-
ful and beneficial to the countty. Had he been
drawn into action by indiscretion, and the at-
tempt to force a battle, the bridge at Vince's
would not have been cut down, which pievented
the escape of the enemy; the enemy would have
escaped; Santa Anna would have leached his re-
serve force of four thousand men on the Brazos.
But by cutting off their retreat, by the Command-
er-in-Chief's own design of destioyingthe bridge,
and leading his troops into action at the pioper
time, he secured for Texas all that wisdom and
valorcould havedone,whether he exercised them
or not.
The Commander-in-Chief is charged with re-
ceiving orders from the Secretary of War to march
upon Harrisburg. He never received an order
from the Secretary of War. By reference to this
volume, containing the historical facts, it will be
seen that he never intimated that ho would march
towards the Trinity, but gave orders to the troops
to unite at Donoho's. That indicated his design
to advance in pursuit of the enemy to Harrisburg.
He was resolved never to pass the Trinity; and
if lie were to perish, it should be west of that
boundary. Would he have submitted to the or-
ders of tho Secretary of War, who was suspended,
or any one in his place, unless it was under the
written order that would vindicate him to the
world and to posterity ? No written order is pre-
tended for anything he hud done; and the Secre-
tary of War, acquiescing in his competency and
his ability to command, never interfered with his
designs in the smallest punctilio.
Thus has it been, Mr. President, that I have
been driven to this recourse. I had no design,
indeed I had no wish, but to pass from public life
quietly and without interference. I know that I
have not presented the facts in that succinct and
lucid manner thatlouglnto havedone; yetl have
presented such points as 1 think essential, though
they are documentary, and more than 1 would
have desired, to vindicate theCommander-in-Chief
in the position he has taken, and to show to the
world that these calumnies, so recently circulated,
are prompted by the deepest malignity, and by
persons whose vices, could they be known, would
sink them below the observation of all the virtu-
ous and wise. This individual in the North who
is seeking to illumine the world with his lectures,
will find a new subject furnished him on this
occasion.
Now, Mr. President, notwithstanding the vari-
ous slanders that have been circulated about the
Commander-in-Chief, it is somewhat strange that
the only point about which there has been no con-
testation for fame and for heroic wreaths, is in re-
lation to the circumstances connected with the
capture of General Santa Anna. When he was
brought into the camp and the interview took place,
the Commander-in-Chief was lying on the ground.
He did notlie as generals usually lie, for they have
comforts. The night before the battle he had lain
on the cold ground, without a blanket, his saddle
for his pillow; without covering, in the bleak
norther that blew that night. He was no better
off after the battle. Nor had he ever had a tent or
canopy over his head, that he could claim, as Gen-
eral-in-Chief, save the blue canopy of Heaven.
He had not one dollar in his pocket, nor a mili-
tary chest, for he never received one while in
command of the army. His personal and moral
influence in the army held it together; for there
was no Government, and all of hope that remained
was centered in him, as the Government ex-
pressed it, for there were no other means. But,
sir, when Santa Anna was taken and brought into
camp, the general was dozing, after having had
a sleepless night from suffering; his wound was
severe. Looking up he saw Santa Anna, who
announced to him in Spanish: " I am General
Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, President of the
Republic of Mexico, and a prisoner at your dis-
position." Calmly and quietly it was received.
The hand was waived to a box that stood by, and
there Santa Annn was seated. After some time,
with apparent emotion, but with great composure
to what I had expected, under the circumstances,
he proposed a negotiation for his liberation. He
was informed that the general had not the power;
that there was an organized civil Government, and
it must be referred to them. Santa Anna insisted
upon negotiation; and expressed his great aver-
sion to all civil government. The general assured
lum that he could not do it. He then observed
to the general something like this: that he could
afford to be generous; that he was very fortunate;
born to no common destiny; that he had con-
quered the Napoleon of the West.
The Commander-in-Chief adverted to his con-
duct at the Alamo, as well as the massacre of
Fannin and his men at Goliad. The first he sought
to justify on the ground that it was in accordance
with the rules of war. The second he excused
himself for, assuring the general that he was not
aware of any capitulation between General Urea
and Colonel Fannin, and if he lived to regain
power, he would make an example of Urea.
The Commander-in-Chief, after a while, asked
him if he wanted refieshment. It was ordered.
He was asked if he wished his marquee, if he de-
sired his camp baggage, if he wished his aid-de-
camp. He expressed great pleasure at the prop-
osition , but looked doubtful as to whether it could
beso. They were ordered. Colonel Almonte went
and selected his baggage. His keys were never
asked for; no search was made. He was treated
as a guest. No indignity was offered him by the
Commander-in-Chief. To be sure, there was some
turbulence of feeling in camp, but no rude man-
ifestations. Under these circumstances it was that
Santa Anna was received. Propositions were made
to the Commander-in-Chief that lie should be ex-
ecuted, but they were repelled in a becoming man-
ner. No one has sought to claim the honor of
saving him on that occasion; and did the general
feel a disposition to claim any renown, distinc-
tion, or fame, for any one act of his life, stripped
of all its policy, he might do it for his conduct on
that occasion.
But, sir, there was reason as well as humanity
for it. While Santa Anna was held a prisoner, his
fnends were afraid to invade Texas, because they
knew not at what moment it would cause his sacri-
fice. His enemies dared not attempt a combination
in Mexico for invasion, for they did not know at
j what moment he would be turned loose upon
| them. So that it guarantied peace to Texas so
! long as he was kept a prisoner, and for that rea-
1 son, together with reasons of humanity, his life
was preserved. It is true, he had forfeited it to
the laws of war. Retaliation was just; but was it
either wise, or was it humane, that he should
have perished?
The Commander-in-Chief, on that occasion, was
not aware that he had the approval of Holy Writ
for the course he adopted—thoughhe subsequently
became apprised of the fact; for we find that, after
Elisha had smitten the Syrians and conducted
them into the midst of Samaria, and had ordered
their eyes to be opened, the King of Israel, Je-
horam,said to the prophet: " My father, shall
I smite them? shall I smite them?" And he an-
swered: 44 Thou shalt not smite them; wouldst
thou smite those whom thou hast taken captive
with thy sword and with thy bow? Set bread
and water before them, that they may eat and
drink, and go to their master." Sir, that sanc-
tioned the course of the Commander-in-Chief on
that occasion; and though he was not as familiar
j with the subject as he ought to have been, yet,
! when apprised of it afterwards, he was rejoiced
to know that he had the authority of Holy Writ
for his conduct.
I should not have felt it necessary to reply to
the attacks that have been made upon me, were it
not that I am to leave a progeny, that might, at
some future time, be called on to know why a
response was not given to these fabrications, and
the denial given to them. There is not one word
of truth contained in all the calumnies in this
book, or of others, except one, and that is, that
' the Commander-in-Chief never communicated hia
counsel to any one. That is true, and it is the
only truth in this or other books on the 44 cam-
paign of San Jacinto." How could the general
permit his designs to be known when mutiny and
sedition were rife in camp, and when combinations
were formed to thwart every measure that wis-
dom and prudence could devise, up to the very
hour that the troops were formed for battle ?
The truth of history has been perverted, and
the opposite has been asserted. Contributions of
material have been made to this almanac; it was
concocted and ananged, and then given to the
world in such a shape that the dissemination of
the calumny throughout the United States must
affect the individual to whom it was directed, and
make some impression upon him, and destroy
his reputation.
Good reasons have actuated me on this occa-
sion. The character of the individuals who have
propagated these slanders against the Commander-
in-Chief, are such as are not known to the public
at large, and might have weight in society that
would poison the true source of history, and sub-
serve, to some extent, their unworthy ends; when,
if their characters were known, tiuth would re-
ceive no detiiment from their statements.
I regret, Mr. President, that I could not have
prepared my matter more at leisure; for it is but
a few days past since I contemplated addressing
the Senate on this subject. I should then have
done it with more pleasure, and with less deten-
tion of the honorable body; but this is the last
occasion m which I ever expect that my voice
| will be heard m this Chamber; never again shall
i I address the President of this body,
i Mr. President, in retiring from the duties
which have sat lightly upon me in this Chamber
i since I have been associated with it, though
j changcs have taken place, and successive gentle-
j men have occupied the seats in the Senate, I have
j believed, and felt it my duty, to cultivate the re-
j lations of good feeling and friendship with each
; and every gentleman, and I hope the same cordial
1 respect will continue to obtain in this body. I
i know the high and important duties that devolve
• upon Senators, and 1 have confidence that their
| attention and their great abilities will be called to
the discharge of those duties; that they will, on
great national subjects, harmonize so as to give
vigor to, and cement our institutions; and that
they will keep pace in their efforts to advance the
country with the progress that seems to invite i
■ onward. My prayers will remain with them,
j that light, knowledge, wisdom, and patriotism
j may guide them, and that their efforts will be
i perpetually employed for blessings to our coun-
