1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28
ered an inconsiderable village; nor can Memphis,
with a population nearly, or quite, as large; nor
Knoxville. They cannot claim to rank with the
first cities of the Union, nor even with the second
class; but I should like to know how you can
discriminate the expediency and importance of!
authorizing the construction of such public build- j
ings as the convenience of the public service may
require, between them and others, of no more
significance or importance, where such buildings
are already erected ? *
But, sir, all considerations of what is fit and
proper, of what would add to the efficiency of the
public service, in any branch of it, are now to
give way to the exigencies and embarrassments
of the Treasury. We hear of retrenchment and
reduction of the expenditures on every side.
The public interest is not deeply involved in the
question whether the public buildings, heretofore
authorized by law, shall be constructed or not;
and I care but little, whether the motion of the
Senator from Virginia to strike out the provision
of the bill before the Senate continuing; the appro-
priations for those objects shad succeed or not;
but I do feel some solicitude that the public shall
know upon what pretenses appropriations to these
public works are sought to be defeated. The
pretext is economy and the necessity of retrench-
ment in the expenditures. And whence does this
appeal come? Fiom those who have had the
control of the Government for thirty years past,
except two brief intervals. Arfd how have they
asserted their claims to sincerity, in their present
clamorfor retrenchment > Take the custom-house
in New Orleans as a sample of their economy—-
the public work belonging to the State so wor-
thily represented by the eloquent Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Biinjamin.] The cost of it can-
not have fallen short of §3,000,000 already, and
before it is finished, not less than $4,000,000 will
probably have been expended. But that is noi
the point. Without any knowledge of the de-
tails of abuses and profligacy, 1 venture the as- M
sertion that more money has been squandered in
the construction of that single work, than would j1
be sufficient to construct all the public buildings,
^the fate of which is involved in the question be- '.[
fore the Senate. ij
But, itis not in the construction of public build- jj
ings alone, that exti avagance and profligacy i<
abound, in many branches of the military ser- !i
vice, in the jobs and contracts tor supplies and ■
transportation, we know there is ample loom for
retrenchment, without detracting fiotn the efli-'i
ciency of thesei vice, in the Depai iment of nav.il 1
affairs, from recent developments, and from the ■
observations of piaeti'-ul and experienced men, 1
am satisfied that a million or a million and a half
of the amount now expended annually upon that 1
arm of the national defense could be retrenched, !
without impaiung us efficiency in the slightest 1
degree; and so of the Tieasuty Depai tment. 1
leave otheis to speak of the postal service. These
great Departments of the public service present a
large and tempting field to the reformer. The
millions annually wasted, m those branches of the * j
public service, would moiethan sufli.ee for all the ;■
public buildings enumerated m the schedule of
Secretary Guthrie; ami it seems to me that it !
would be moie in harmony with the true spirit of '
economy to attack those stiongholds of wasteful-
ness and corruption, than to expend our eneigies
in cutting off appropriations hom useful public
improvements, heretofore sanctioned by law.
Propositions have been made for refoim and '
to check the corruption of the Government; we
have had letivnchment resolutions again and
again presented to the notice of the Senate, and
various modifications, have been suggested; but,
as I said incidentally, upon another occasion, no
one of those losolutions and no member who ex-
pressed his approbation of the policy of re11 ench-
ment has ever ventured to exploie the souices of,
the evil, or proposed to probe the disease to its
core. They shun an operation of that sort; th<*y
recoil from it. To retrench a few thousand dol-
lars m one Department, and to examine into and
expose frauds to the amount of a few thousand ■
more in another; to cut oiF a useless expenditure
of ten thousand dollars here, and fifty oi a bun- 1
dred thousand dollars there, id all very well; but '
that must not be mistaken for reform.
1 am reluctant to occupy the time of the Senate '
at this period of the session, but I cannot help -i
making a few remarks further upon this subject.
I have listened with great attention to all thai has
been said about retrenchment and economy, since
the first mention of the subject during the present
session. I have listened to the remarks of mem-
bers from whom I supposed something pointed
and practical would be presented; but not one of
them pointed to any effective remedy ! When I
listened to the beautiful and interesting address
of the Vice President, when the Senate was about
taking its leave of the old Hall to hold its sittings
in this far more commodious and gorgeous Cham-
ber, I waited with anxious solicitude, when he
spoke of the changes which had taken place in the
mode of discussion and the manner of conducting
business in the Senate since the early period of
the Government, under the administrations of our
first Presidents—Washington and Adams and
Jefferson—and the mode and manner which now
obtains, to see whether he would not avail him-
self of that occasion to allude to changes far more
important, which had taken place in the practical
operation of our system of Government! I lis-
tened to hear whether he would not avail himself
of so suitable an occasion to point out other,
greater,and more significantchanges which have
taken place in the practice of the Government, and
which have been the true source and foundation
of most of the evils which now affect the country.
I would simply mention a thought that was awak-
ened in my mind during the delivery of the ad-
dress I have alluded to. In tracing back the his-
tory of the country to a period thirty years ago,
the first inaugural address of General Jackson, in
1859, was brought to my recollection, and I beg !
leave to read a passage from it, which strikes me as 1
singularly applicable to the present time, though,
in my judgment, having very little to justify the
sentiments contained in it at that time: j
" The recent demon^tiauon of public sentiment nweiibes
oa the list of Executive duties, in eli.mic lets too legible to j
b<; overlooked, the ta^k oi'rcfotm; vvhn-h will lequuo par- '
tieuUilv the coireenou of tho>e abu>Ori that have hiounht
lhe pationage of the Federal Government into conflict with
the lreeiloni of elections, and the countoi.iction of those
oan<e> whieii have di-unbed the right!ill coutse of appoint-
ment, and have placed oi continued power m unfaithful or
iiicotnpotent hands.''5
Who will not admit that the sentiments then
expressed would be more appioprinte now ? Who !
has ventured to suggest that the counteraction of ■
the influences alluded to and the correction of the j
abuses spoken ot in this passage of the mauguial
of General Jackson, in 1^29, would lay the foun- :
dation of a tiue reform at this day? Not one. !
In connection with the htsloiy of the chants 1
which have taken place in the practice of the
Government, I beg leave to cite the sentiment of !
Mr Madison, expressed in the debate upon the 1
question of the power of the Piesident, underthe
Constitution, to make removals from office with-
out the consent of the Senate.
it was objected that such a power in the Pres- ,
ident would be liable to great abuse, and that an .
ambitious President would be tempted toiemove
public officers for causes othei than incompetency
ot want of fidelity to their trust. To this, Mi. ,
Madison lephed that he could not conceive that i
anv man could ever be elevated by the intelligent
people of this country to so high an office ay that i
of Piesident who would have the hardihood to i
remove a public officer on the score of his political ■
opinions, or for any other cause than an abuse of
his trust or incompetency to perform it. lie said 1
that a President who should be guilty of so gi oss 1
an abuse of his power would be impeached. JXow,
no one questions the power of the President to
make lemovals without the consent of the Senate;
and, what maiks a s ti 11 greater change in ihe sen-
timents of the country and the ptuetice of the
Government, since the organic, period ofl7t>9, no
one now questions the power of the President
to make removals upon political and partisan ;
gtounds.
A little more than thirty years ago, the ques- ,
lion was put to the country whether it was not,
at all events, essential to the puiity of the Gov-
ernment, and to the preservation of the freedom
of opinion, that a President, when he did remove
a public officer, should assign to the Senate or to
the public the cause of the removal. Let me ask
you, Mr. President, [Mr. Fitzpatiiick m the
chair,] for 1 believe you have always belonged
to the same party of which you are nosva mem-
ber* what party it was which, at that period, ad-
vocated the doctrine that it was a gross abuse of
power in a President to remove a public officer
for opinion's sakc;and that, as some check to such
an abuse, the cause of removal should be dis-
closed to the Senate? If 1 do not forget, it was
the party or combination which brought General
Jackson into power. This was one of the grounds
upon which they expected to reach the popular
heart and the popular understanding. It was
said to be a principle essential to the preservation
of public liberty. It was a committee composed
of some of the most experienced and able mem-
bers of the Senate, to whom was assigned the
duty of inquiring into the causes which led to
the abuses said to exist in the Administration of
Mr. Adams, which advanced this principle in
I82G; and, among others, that committee reported
a bill making it the duty of the President, in all
cases, to assign the reason or cause of removal;
but no further notice was taken of it until after
General Jackson was elected President, when it
was insisted, by the Opposition to his Adminis-
tration, that the principle advanced by the com-
mittee, to which I have alluded, was sound and
should be adhered to; but it was resisted sternly
and successfully by the leaders of the Jackson
party, who, but a few years before, had been its
great champions.
Still the doctrine was not proclaimed in form,
that public officers, except the heads of Depart-
ments, could be properly discharged from office
without other cause than their political princi-
ples; for Mr. Jefferson had laid down the doc-
trine, with clearness and force, during his admin-
istration, that the opinions of public officers should
be free; that they should be at libeity to cast their
votes for or agains^fcandidates for public employ-
ment, cither State esr Federal; and the only inter-
diction to the perfect freedom of their action was,
that they should not interfere in elections. This
truly republican doctunc of Mr. Jefferson, though
not disavowed, in terms, soon came, in practice,
to be wholly disregarded and trampled upon.
Public officers now understand that it is expected,
not only that their opinions shall be orthodox,
but that they shall interfere in elections.
But, sir, the departure from the piinciples of
Jefferson does not stop here. It is now the settled
doctunc, that the President may rightfully remove
every public officer under the Government other
than the judges of the courts, for opinion's sake,
or for any other cause, at his own unlimited dis-
cretion; but, as if the temptations to peculation
and corruption weie not already strong enough,
the further doctrine is proposed to be established,
that the public offices being created for the benefit
of the whole people, no one set of public officers
have any right, founded in reason or justice, to
continue in the enjoyment of them for a longer
penod than four yeats, or one Presidential term;
and it is supposed to be the duty of the Piesident
to see that they give way to a new set of incum-
bents, from the highest to the lowest.
I have understood that this doctrine has been
avowed by the President of the United States.
1 do not care to dwell on that; but let us look at
the effect of the principle of rotation in the in-
creased temptation to which you subject public
olficers. When you put a man in office, he is
notified that he is expected to hold it no longer
than for the residue of the existing executive
teim, or for foui yeais at most; and when there
aie hundreds, and I may say thousands, of offi-
ceis in the Executive Departments, and the vari-
ous suboidmate branches of the public si rviee,
svho often have it in their power to practice the
greatest frauds upon the Government, with but
small risk of detection, some idea may be formed
of the extent to which peculation and corruption
may be piacticed. Look at your swarmsof cus-
tom-house olficeis, your inspectors,your apprais-
ers, your weighers and jraugers, in cities wheie
millions of dollars of public ! even He are collected,
and where no wisdom, no exactness m the form,
either ot law or i egulations, can supply the want
of honesty, and say whether U is uncharitable to
suppose that, of the thousands of them, many
will not scruple to enrich themselves at the pub-
lic expense, m the brief peuod of their official ex-
istence, and then give way to a new swarm of
incumbents equally needy and avaricious.
The policy of rotation may be considered the
natural offspring of the doctrine that partisan ser-
vices in elections are entitled to such rewards us
