358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
floor of the necessity of building a road to the Pa-
cific. I hopeithas. Itconvinced me ofthe neces-
sity of going for a road; but as I am very anxious
to build a road to California, and not to Mexico,
I favor the middle route;for.my colleague knows
as well as I do that north of San. Francisco three
fourths, if not four fifths, of the people of the
State of California reside. From Fort Yuma,
where the southern route strikes the boundary of
California, it is, I think, over seven hundred
miles to San Francisco, you could not construct
•a railroad there within a shorter distance. If the
middle route is selected, it will reach Genoa, in
Carson Valley, or it will reach Noble's Pass;
thence along the Sacramento Valley to Sacra-
mento, and thence to San Francisco. From Ge-
noa, in Carson Valley, to Plucerville, in Califor-
nia, it is but seventy-five miles, over the old emi-
grant route. At Placerviile there is a fine city,
with a population, 1 suppose, of from six to eight:
thousand. It is one of the most populous and .
flourishing cities outside of San Francisco, Sac-
ramento, and Marysville,in the State of Califor-
nia.
Now, if it is the intention of Congress to build
a road to the State of California, this is the
route to select; and, if built, there is surely en-
terprise enough on the part of the people of Cal-
ifornia, with liberal appropriations from us, to
continue it to San Francisco. There is a railroad
already constructed from Sacramento to Folsome;
and it is in the process of further construction
northward toward Marysville.
As I have said, 1 intend to vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Iowa; for I
know ifany bill is passedit willhave to be passed
by the Senators on theothersideof the Chamber.
At least one half on this side is committed against
it. It is because I am sincerely desirous to see
a railroad constructed from the Missouri river to
San Francisco that I shall favor the amendment
ofthe Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GAVIN. Mr. President, I should like to
ask my colleague if he intended to charge me with
with any want of vigilance or delinquency m the
discharge of my duty? 4
Mr. BRODERICK. None, sir. I consider '
that my colleague has exerted his whole strength
on this bill.
_ Mr. GWIN. I have not spoken upon the bill
since I opened the discussion, because I believe
that too niuah speaking destroys bills. I have
not answered objections that have been brought
against this bill, because ! thought that, by wast-
ing the time in debate, we should be kept away
from a vote, and that we can pofect the bill more
by amendments that may be offered, than by any
explanations which may be made. The bill be-
fore the Senate was elaborated and prepared by
men of great experience in thts body. Many of
the membeis of the committee that leported it have
been on select committees that luive prepared Pa-
cific railroad bills for many years past. It was
brought hero for the oxpie^s purpose of being
amended and perfected by the art ion of the Sen-
ate. if I have not addressed the Senate, there
have been many occasions when I thought I could
have corrected errors into which Senators had
fallen; but I have, in my expe/iencc here, found
that the best way to pass a bill is to come to a vote
upon it; and especially is this the case with a
measure like this, which has been for many.years
under discussion in this body
Now, in regard to the amendment before the
Senate: As I have snid on many occasions before,
there is no route to California that would suit my
constituents so well as theone on the forty-second ,;
parallel, because it strikes the heart of population I
on both sides of the Pocky Mountains, and it is,/
the very route above all others, on which the road
ought to be built, if it is practicable. At the same ;j
time, in the bill reported by the select committee, !
they have taken the ground, and it is my own ;■
deliberate judgment, that we should not restrict i
capital in selecting the best route to California, j
"When we establish the two termini at a central '
portion of the Confederacy on each side, it strikes j
me that the central route lias such advantages .
that, if it is what is represented by my colleague,
the road will inevitably be built there, and u is i,
not necessary to put any further restriction upon
it. "
Mr. BRQDERICK. I would ask my colleague ,,
if he knows a Senator representing a southern
State on this side of the Chamber, or on tHf other,
who will vote for his bill if the road is to be con-
structed along the thirty-second parallel of lati-
tude ? for that road, after it reaches the Pacific, will
have to traverse six degrees of latitude through
the State of California to reach San Francisco.
Four fifths of the people of California reside north
of San Francisco; and, if the road is not to term-
inate there, of what use will it be to California?
I should rather vote for a road to Mazatlan, or to
the city of Mexico; it would be of as much service
to California as the pr(ff>osed southern road.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I shall not de-
tain the Senate more than a moment; but I wish
to make a suggestion in regard to what was said
by the Senator from Illinois, on the other side of
the Chamber, [Mr. Douglas,] yesterday. He
said that if this amendment were adopted and the
route restricted, this bill would be defeated. I
understand to-day the junior Senator from Cali-
fornia to say that he has no hope of the bill being
passed by the Senators on the other side of the
Chamber; but it must be carried by the support
of the Senators on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I now simply wish to answer
the gentleman from Illinois by expressing my
conviction that unless this road is limited m the
way proposed, it can get but little support on this
side of the Chamber, and will be killed—the very
fate which he deprecates. It may be killed in
either event; but I am satisfied that unless the
road is limited and confined,the bill must die here.
Mr. MASON. I (1or one, sir, I feel indebted to
the honorable Senator who has just taken his seat,
for the disclosure that has been made. I under-
stand from him, so far as he is supposed to rep-
lesent the opinion of the other side of the Cham-
ber, that unless this road is limited to some line
north of the parallel of 37°, on his side they will
not vote for H. That means this, if it means any-
thing; that the road is not to be made on the most
advantageous terms to subserve the military pur-
poses of the United States; but if made at all by
the aid of the votes of gentlemen on that side, it
must be made to subserve northern interests. I
am indebted to the honorable Senator for the dis-
closure, and I trust that all Senators on this side
will take warning and be governed by it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word to say in
reply to the statement of the Senator from New
Hampshire. lam opposed to this restriction, for
the reason that I think it will not only defeat the
bill, but will give a plausible excuse, if not a sub-
stantial reason, for all southern men to vote against
it. If we are to have but one road, in my opinion
it ought to start on this side, at a central point be-
tween the North and South, and terminate on the
Pacific at a central point. There is no question
as to the point on the Pacific. All agree that the
road should go to San Francisco. The only dis-
pute, then, is as to the starting point in the Missis-
sippi valley. There is a starting point named in
the bill, or rather a certain limit given for its vse lec-
tion. Then the two termini being fixed, a further
dispute arises as to what course the road shall
pursue from the one terminus to the other. I am
willing to leave the route, after the termini are
fixed, to the contractors or capitalists who are to
invest their money in the woric.
If the starting point on the Mississippi valley
is such that it is equally accessible to the North
and to the South and to the center, in my opinion
that is all we have a right to ask as northern men.
Nor do I think that the North Buffets in conse-
quence of the route that may be pursued after the
termini are fixed. The Noi th has as much inter-
est as the South that uhe route between the term-
ini shall be the best and most oligrJe that can
he laid down. If that be to bend South, let it go
there; if it be to curve northward, let it take that
curve; if it be a dnect line, let the duea line be
puisued. I am not willing to leave the political
action of this Government to mark the route. We
have had experience enough of wagon roads by
circuitous routes that have been prescribed by the
political Departments of the Government. Leave
it to the contractors, to the capitalists who invest
their funds, to mark out the. route from one term-
inus to the other. I am willing to abide by the
route they shall select, whether it be northern,
southern, or central, so that the termini are cen-
tral and accessible alike to all sections. ;
But, sir, I have a special objection tu this lim- :
itation, not merely because it excludes the south-
ern route and the northern route, but because it
excludes the Albuquerque route. The Albu-
queique route is so far south as to avoid, in a
great measure, the snow argument. The Albu-
querque route, according to the information be-
fore us, has, perhaps, as large a portion of tim-
ber, of grass, of water, of productive soil, and all
the elements to sustain a railroad, as any route
across the continent. I am not prepared to say
that it is the best route. If the recent information
we have about the gold discoveries in Kansas and
Nebraska, in the Three Parks, and on both slopes
of the Rocky Mountains, be true; if those deposits
of gold are as extensive atfd as inexhaustible as
they arc represented to be, my opinion is that
those gold mines will settle the route beyond all
controversy, if you leave the contractors to select
it.
A Senator. What gold mines?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 mean the gold mines in
Kansas and Nebraska, upon the branches of the
South Platte, upon the branches of the North
Platte, upon the Laramie river, upon the streams
flowing into Green river, all heading between the
thirty-eighth and forty-second parallels. I say,
if the representations we have in regard to those
discoveries arc well founded, m my opinion they
will determine the route on which fehe contractors
will take in the road to the Pacific. If, on the con-
trary, they shall turn out not to be well founded,
and U shall be discovered and sustained that the
route of the thirty-fifth parallel is better, I am
willing that the road shall go there.
We are interested m having the best route be-
tween the termini, and what do we care as to the
degree oflatitude that route may mn uve.r between
the termini, so that the termini are accessible? If
it is best, it is best for us as well as for every-
body else. 1 think it is fair and just to leave tiie
route open between the teitmni to be determined
by the laws of physical geography—by the mount-
ains and the valleys, by ihe climate, by the de-
posits of the precious metals, by the soil, by the
laws of God, as they are marked out upon the
surface of the earth. I do not wish, by law, to
give an advantage to the North or to the South. I
hold to that piitn.iple of legislation which treats
all sections alike by the law, and leaves climate,
soil, production, self-interest, the will of the peo-
ple, to work out the result under our equal legis-
lation.
Sir, I have no fears of the divergence of this
railroad, if it starts from the Missoui i river, down
to Guayamas. on the Gulf of California. A Cali-
forman may have fear of that, and a Senator from
California may justly fear it; but a man represent-
ing the great lakes has no cause for such appre-
hensions. If it shall be divei ted to Guayamas, it
will be a straight line from the lakes to the Gulf
of California. That would draw the whole trade
of the mines of Mexico to the lakes, and to the
northern cities. If you diverged north, it might
tend to draw northern trade south; but if your di-
vergency is south, it draws the trade of the south-
ern regions north. I would not prescribe either
of these results by law. I would make our legis-
lation fair, equal, and just, towards all sections,
fixing the staiting point where it is accessible to
all alike; then leave the route to find its own
course, according to the geography of the country
and the natural advantages that would control the
selection. I believe that if you go to circumscrib-
ing the boundaries within which it shall run, and
pi escribing certain parallels of latitude, and say
that it shall not go south of 37°, even if the best
route is there, you drive off southern votes; and
if you prescribe by law that this route shall not
go, in any event, north of 43°, how can you ask
the Senators from Minnesota to support it, when
you provide by law that they shall not be con-
nected with it? Minnesota is north of 43°, and
a large portion of Wisconsin is north of 43°. The
upper peninsula of Michigan could not be con-
nected with a road south of 43°. The great line
ofthe lakes runs up through Lake Superior, aim-
ing at a route to Puget Sound. You are now
asked to provide by law that that cxtieme north-
ern section^ shall be excluded from the benefits of
this road; and also to provide by law that the ex-
tieme southern section shall be excluded. In my
opinion, by these legislative exclusions you fur-
nish grounds for reasonable men to believe that
they are net to be allowed to share those advant-
