1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
ages which nature has given them. I believe in
extending to every section of this Union every ad-
vantage that nature has provided for it. Make
your legislation fair, equal, just; and then, if the
Almighty has discriminated against either, let
him complain of the laws of God, who chooses to
do it; but it is not my train of thought or disposi-
tion.
l^jlr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Illinois
is mistaken in regard to the northern route. The
people now inhabiting Oregon and Washington
Territories, who have left the Atlantic and west-
ern States, traveled over the middle route as far
as the South Pass, and then deflected to Van-
couver, or up the Columbia river. The distance
from the South Pass to Vancouver is short of
eight hundred miles. The distance by the ex-
treme northern route, from Lake Superior to Van-
couver, I believe is two thousand one hundred'
miles; the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Rice]
says one thousand eight hundred miles. I believe
California has a population of half a million of
souls; and the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington have aboutfifty or sixty thousand. If you
build the road to California, you can deflect from
Bridget's Pass, or the South Pass, to Oregon and
Washington, and it will require a road of but
eight hundred miles in length to connect with
those Territories.
Now I will ask the Senator from Illinois, if he
intends to vote for a road through California from
Fort Yuma to San Francisco, when he can find
a direct route across the continent, which, if it be
adopted, will save the necessity of voting for any
other road through the State of California ? The
distance, I think, is eight hundred miles from
Port Yuma to San Francisco. The Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Missouri are both
mistaken about the roads along the thirty-second
and thirty-fifth parallels oflatitude. Tney both
find a connection at Los Angeles, in California.
Mr. GREEN. No.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have a map before me
showing that they connect at Los Angeles, and
proceed from thence through the Tejon Pass to
San Francisco.
Mr. GREEN. I admit that if you run both
roads to that town they will connect there, but
the route of neither touches it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have before me a map
made out from the reports of the different engi-
neers.
Mr. GREEN. It is not from the reports. It
is a map so marked as to show where they may
reach the Pacific; but it is not the route as sur-
veyed.
Mr. BRODERICK. Neither of these routes
can reach San Francisco without passing either
through San Bernardino or Los Angeles, and
there is only a distance of twenty-five or thirty
miles between them.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator say there is no
route that will enter the Tulare valley except by
Los Angeles ?
Mr. BRODERICK. Or through San Bernar-
dino; and it is a distance of only about twenty-five
miles at the furthest, from Los Angeles to the val-
ley that passes through the county of San Ber-
nardino.
Mr. GWIN. The surveys show practicable
passes north of the Tejon Pass.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I ,have a map
before me, made up from the survey's of the en-
gineers, or explorers, sent to exploie the two
routes. The Albuquerque route runs down near-
ly to the thirty-second parallel of latitude.
Mr. GREEN. No.
Mr. BRODERICK. I think it goes between
the thirty-second and thirty-third.
Mr. POLK. It does not go south of 35°.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator look at the
map, and name the point where it comes down
that low ? He is altogether mistaken.
Mr. BRODERICK. I find, on looking at the
map, that it comes down to the thirty-fourth par-
allel. But, independent of that, I would ask my
colleague a question. He may be better informed
about the distances through this country than I
am. I know more about the populous regions of
California than I do of the country lying between
Los Angeles and San Francisco. I would ask
him how far the road will have to travel through
California if it strikes it on that line ?
Mr. GWIN. According to the railroad surveys,
the surveys of Lieutenant Williamson and Lw-
tenant Parke, there is a perfectly practieablejTOs
a little north of the Tejon Pass. The name of it
is pretty hard to pronounce, and I will not men-
tion it now; but it is perfectly practicable to enter
the Tulare valley through it. The route on the
thirty-fifth degree, that is the Albuquerque route,
would go directly from the Colorado river- to this
pass in the mountains; it would never get as low
as 340; but would go up the Mohave river, and
cross into the Tulare valley, northeast of the
Tejon Pass, without even crossing the coast Range
at all. I will state, though, to my colleague, that
the impression which has been made on his mind
originates from the fact that the San Gorgonia is
the very best pass. It is an open pass that runs
by San Bernardino, six miles wide, through
which you can ride at full gallop on a mule. It is
the widest and best pass discovered through the
mountains, and hence all the surveys that have
looked in that direction to the Pacific ocean, have
looked to reaching San Pedro, and the routes are
marked in that way on the map; but the other
pass to which I have alluded is as perfectly prac-
ticable.
Mr. BRODERICK. My colleague has not an-
swered my question. I want to know the dis-
tance.
Mr. GWIN. I cannot tell the distance now,
without looking at the surveys. Thedistancefrom
the Colorado to Tejon Pass is marked down on
the surveys of the two engineers I have named,
and from there to San Francisco, running either
to the right or to the left, to the east or the west
of the Tulare lakes. I cannot state the distance
exactly, but it is on all the surveys.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, Mr. President 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from California indulge me with an opportunity
to make a motion to adjourn? [" No, no; let us
vote."]
Mr. GAVIN. Let us have a vote to-day.
Mr. SISWAIID. Letus take the vote to-mor-
row. The debate is not ended. I move to ad-
journ.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senator from New
York to withdraw the motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PUGH. I renew the motion that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator from New York.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California had the floor.
Mr. BRODERICK. I merely wish to state that
in the event of the failure of the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, I shall vote for the bill as it is.
I will vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa to that. As I did not wish to hum-
bug any Senator by the bill, I did not care about
recording my vote without stating the reasons
for it. .
Mr. CLARK. I was opposed, Mr. President,
to the motion to adjourn, and I hoped the Senator'
from New York would withdraw it, as he has
done, because I am perfectly aware that it was
said by the honorable Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Foster,] yesterday, that unless we come
to a vote soon, this bill will be defeated, and if we
adjourn from day to day, and this discussion goes
on from day to day, it will certainly lead to its
being defeated. Hence I was anxious to submit
what few remarks—and they are very few—1
have to make, at this time; and I may say that I
should have said nothing further, had it not been
for the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] I did not mean to be
drawn into this debate until all the amendments
had been offered and voted on; and then, if there
had been a satisfactoiy bill perfected, I intended
to give it my support. If the bill had not been
satisfactory, I intended to announce to the Senate
my reasons for not supporting it, and I should
have voted against it. But since the remarks that
I made a little while ago have been received by
the Senator from Virginia as hostile to the South
and to southern interests, I desire to state briefly
to the Senate the motives that induced me to make
those remarks, and to explain a little more fully |i
my views in regard to this bill. u
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit- .1
tle] has brought in an amendment, that the
President be authorized to proceed to survey three
routes, and contract for three roads. I am one of
those who believe it entirely impossible to make
three railroads, or, if not impossible, entirely un-
desirable; and I am not so sure as I could wish
to be, that one road is desirable. I am certainly
sure that not more than one road is desirable; for
after all the talk about carrying your mails, and
about the defenses of the country, and about the
freight on this road I am free to say, here in the
Senate to-day, that if you had the road made to
your hand, if you had it equipped and in running
order, as the country is, you could not form a
company in the United States strong enough to
run it, or that would dare to run or undertake it;
and hence there is no necessity for, and no prob-
ability that there will ever be, three roads made.
Well, sir, if you cannot have three roads, what
is the next best thing?' Here are the southern
gentlemen saying that they must have the south-
ern route; here is my friend from Wisconsin say-
ing he must have the northern route. I believe
myself that the northern route is the best route.
I am from the north country, the extreme North-
east, away up in the cold latitude. I am partial
to it; as partial to it as the gentlemen over the
way are to the extreme South. I could wish for
a northern route leading to Puget Sound—I be-
lieve that to be the best route—but I do not now
believe it feasible or practicable to secure a road
over it. I would say to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I will come down into the latitude of your
own State, where you live, and make this road
there as a peace offering. Is not that fair? You
gentlemen from the South, 1 might say, can reach
it as well as we gentlemen from the North. We
like our northern route; you like your southern
route; now, meet us half way and we will have
a road. While you insist on your southern route,
wo insist on our northern route, and the middle-
men insist on their middle route, and you can
have no road at all. Then is not my proposition
a fair one? A threefold cord is not easily broken.
I am for twisting up these routes into a threefold
cord and putting them through; and I am met by
saying that the southern people are to have no
voice in this matter. They are to have just as
much voice as we northern men have. We meet
you half way in a fraternal spirit, and we meet
you for this purpose; not for carrying the mail,
not for carrying munitions of war, but we meet
you half way in a great political point of view, to
put a band around the center of the country that
shall bind it forever together. Will you accede
to that proposition ?
I said that I could not vote for any bill that was
not restricted as to route. Why? In the first
place, I will not, by my vote, give to the Presi-
dent the power, I will not give him an opportu-
nity, when we expect a route ill the center, of
going north; or, when we expect it on northern
ground, of going south;or, when we expect it on
the southern route, of going north. Somebody
by this bill has got to be cheated; worse than that,
two parties out of three have got to be cheated.
The northern men expect it will go noith by
some management; the southern men expect it
will go south by some management; the middle
men expect it will go on the middle ground by
some management, or without management.
Now, it cannot go on more than one route;, and
hence two parties are to be cheated, or certainly
disappointed. Now, we offer to put it on the
middle ground, define it, fix it, and nobody will
be cheated, and nobody disappointed; and then,
if it cannot command the support of the country,
let it fail; but do not let the bill pass under a hope
which is destined to prove a delusion. This is
all I wish to say, sir.' I think I have made my-
self explicit.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, that we may have an executive
session of a few minutes.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not agree to the posi-
tion assigned to me and to others by the Senator
from New Hampshire. I do not admit that any-
body is to be cheated by the location of this route
by the President of the United States. My un-
derstanding is, that the termini being fixed, the
route is to be marked, not by the President, not
