360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1$,
by the Cabinet, but by the contractors. If the
bill is equivocal on that point, let us make it cer-
tain by saying that the contractors shall mark
their own route between the termini, making it
clear and specific. On that point, then, we come
right back to the question, is any man to be cheat-
ed ? Every section is interested in having the best,
shortest, easiest, quickest route between the
termini. It may be thatthe shortest route in miles
will notbethe quickest in time. That will depend
upon grades and upon other circumstances. We
, are interested in having the shortest, quickest, best
Voute between the termini;and I know of no body
of men on earth who are so certain to secure these
results as the contractors and capitalists who put
their money into the enterprise. Hence, I reject
these parallels and substitute in lieu of them the
interest of the road, which is the interest of all
the sections connected with it. This is the point
upon which I place my objection to these limita-
tions. The Senator from New Hampshire says
he will take the thirty-seventh parallel, and run it
straight through.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
make him a suggestion ? We did that with the
overland mail route precisely? We loft every one
of the contractors to bid; they all did bid: the
Postmaster General rejected all their bids; and
instead of that made a new route for himself, that
Congress never intended to make. 1 voted for
that overland mail, expecting it to commence at
St. Louis and go to San Francisco. 1 never in-
tended this hotse-shoe, running down for the ben-
efit of Memphis and all that, and therefore I will
not trust any contractors when they are at the
mercy of the Postmaster General.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to say that I
have no apologies to make for the conduct of the
Postmaster Geneial in marking out a route differ-
ent from that contemplated by the law. 1 have
made 110 complaints, and I have no apologies to
make. In my opinion, (and I should not have
ref cried to it but for the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio,) the law with reference to the overland
mail route was not earned out as it was under-
stood by Congiefis.
Mr. 1VERSON. I should like to interrupt the
Senator, and ask him how he knows that Con-
giess intends so and so? I was fnvoiable to that
bill; I do not lemember whether 1 voted on it, but
I did not understand that the mail was to be ear-
ned over the northern part of the country. 1
might have understood, and many members who
voted for that bill might have understood, that
the Postmaster General,was to have a margin.
J low did the law fix the matter? The law did
not fix it.
AJr. PUGII. The law said it was to be ac-
coi ding to t Ik; bids.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer both the gen-
tlemen. JYIy understanding of that law was, that
the contractor, after the stui ting-point was de-
termined, was to find Ins own route to the Pacific.
I understand that the contractor bid on a route
which he desired to follow; that the Postmaster
General overruled him, and compelled him to go
on a different route. If that be true, in my opinion,
that was not a fair execution of that law as it
leads; and I draw the intention of Congress from
the law itself. But my object is not to arraign the
IMstmaster General because of the mode in which
he executed the law. I do not choose to go into
the question whether he has acted pioperly or not.
I diu not intend to allude to it; but I do say that
the mode in which that law was executed is suf-
ficient to put us on our guard, and to lead us to
make this bill so specific that we shall not have
cause to complain when it shall be passed and put
into execution. IJcncc I shall vote for amend-
ment.-; to ady specifically that the route between
the terrmnt shall be marked out by the contractors,
and by them alone; and not allow any officer of
the Government to come in and say, " you shall
go down there, or you shall go up there," when
the law intends to allow the contractors to follow
their own route. That is all I intend to say on
this point. As I will not prescnbe the limits by
law, much less will I allow an executive officer
to mark them out for us; but I wiil let self-interest
and capital find out where the best route is. I
think in that there is no danger of either party
being cheated.
Mr. MASON". T move that the Senate proceed
to the consideiatiuii of executive business.
% e motion was agreed to; the vote, on a divis-
ion, being—ayes 22, noes 17.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adiourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stewart
in the chair.) That motion is not now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not a motion to adjourn
in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at this
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and ask for the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will clear the galleries.
The galleries were cleared, and the Senate spent
some time in executive session. When the doors
were reopened, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 13, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Samuel Rogers.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
CHAPLAINS.
Mr. CURRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the, following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolccd< That the Secretary of the Navy, dunnsc the
present session, be lequested to communicate to tins Ilou e
the numbet of chaplains appointed mi any bianch of the
naval service since ItiW; the itdigiont denomination to
which each person so appointed was attached, s-o lai as it
I can be ascertained; whether chaplains, by any Navy regu-
i latiou, or any act of commander of voj-scU or stations, arc
1 required to use a particular uniform or cleucal diess, m-
1 eluding a gown, or to read piayei?, or to comply with any
partieuhu I'ouns or ceremonies of Divine service ; and
whether there is any evidence on tile m the Department
tending to show that non-J'pi*eopal ministers are lequired
by officers of the Navy to use the Episcopal htuigy.
CASE OF JUDGE IRWIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I riso to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on the
Judieinry to have a certain number of witnesses
subpenaed and brought before that committee.
Upon examining into the subject, however, T sup-
pose the committee must get permission of the
i louse before it can exercise an authority of that
soit. I therefore propose the following resolution:
Jiaolrcd, Tli.it the Committee on the Judiciary be an-
thoiixed Jo send for prisons and paper*, ami examine wit-
iH's-e-) on oathj in relation lo tin* charges made against Hon.
Thomas hwm, judge of the [Jutted States district eouitof
the western district ot I'em^ylvaina.
The resolution was agreed to.
EVANS'S GEOLOGICAL REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question. I wish to call up the motion made by
: the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jont.s] dur-
ing the last session of Congress, To reconsider the
vote, bv which the geological repoi t of Dr. Evans,
| of the Teiri tones ot Oiegon ami Washington, was
| oideird to be punted.
j Mr. WASHBURiNTE, of Illinois. I rise to a
i question of order. Is not there a speeitd order
: assigned for this day 3
j The SPEAKER. It is in Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union.
| M r. W ASFIRURNE, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
] tleman from Indiana to give way a moment that
■ I may offer a resolution calling for information
| from the Department.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I want to dispose of
i this question now. I appeal to the gentleman
I from Tennessee to withdraw the motion to re-
: consider, and that will save consideiable time of
j the House.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
| printing that work; and, if 1 withdraw the motion,
| I suppose the printing will go on.
I Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Certainly,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I decline to
; withdiaw it. The gentleman can call up the mo-
1 Uon, and let the Mouse dispose of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I shall occupy but a
moment of the time of the House m presenting
: the facts in relation to this icpoit. I think it
ought to be piinted. In 1851, the Government
' ordered Dr. John Evans to make this survey of
' Oregon and Washington Territories. Dr. Evans
: went on, in pursuance of the order of the Govern-
I meat, and made the survey and reconnoiscance
of those Territories. He has made his report to
the proper Department; and the President of the
United States, at the last session of Congress,
transmitted that report to this House. It was or-
dered then, upon my motion, to be printed. The
gentleman from Tennessee subsequently submit-
ted a motion to reconsider that vote; and there
the question now rests. That survey has cost the
Government now about forty-four thousand tol-
lars. It was ordered by the Government. Dr.
Evans has -performed his duties well, ably, and
faithfully.
Mr. BARKSDALE. "What will the cost of
publication be?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The cost of printing
fifteen hundred copies, the usual number, is esti-
mated by the Superintendent of public Printing
to be $7,140. The question then is, will the Gov-
ernment, after having ordered this survey, and
the report has been made, refuse to publish it.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 wish to make an inquiry
with a view of raising a point of order. My rec-
ollection is that this is the question upon which
we were voting when the House adjourned at
the close of the last session, and that the partic-
ular question upon which wc were then voting
was a motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table. Is that so? If so, it cuts off dis- '
cussion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There was such a
motion made, but it was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The fact was, that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moved to re-
consider the vote by which this document was
ordered to be printed. Subsequently, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Bennett] called up
the motion to reconsider; and pending the ques-
tion upon the motion to reconsider, and not upon
the motion to lay upon the table, the hour arrived
which was fixed for the adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress. No motion was made to
lay upon the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. If the gentleman will yield
to me a moment, I will answer the question of
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. NICHOLS. This question involves the
printing only of the regular numbers, without
reference at all to extra numbers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I was going on to
make that statement when I was interrupted.
Mr. HUGHES. I should like to know whether
the $7,140 covers the entire expense of the pub-
lication of the work? Docs it pay for engraving
maps, drawings, &c. ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It does. I was about
inquiring, when interrupted, whether the Gov-
ernment, after expending $44,000 in getting up
this work, which is itself invaluable, will feel
itself justified in withholding $7,000 for its pub-
lication ? The Committee on Public Lands of
the last session, and the Committee on Public
Lands of this session, have recommended the
publication of this work. The Commissioner of
the Land Oilice and the Secretary of War have
made a like i^commendation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is the manuscript of the
woik ail ivady for the Printer?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is; as the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing will bear me
witness.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Government
is now embarrassed. It ii> doubtful whether we
can provide for the wants of the Government for
the next fiscal year without a loan. Would it,
therefore, not be better to peunit the manuscript
to lemain where it is, on file, until the Govern-
ment is in better condition to meet the expenses.
Would the manuscript be injured in a few years ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have no evidence
that the Government will be any more able two
years hence to print this document than it is now.
On the contrary, sir, I think that the indications
are, that it is now better able to print it than it
would be then. It would be bad faith, to sa^the
least of it, not to order the printing of the repoitof
this geological survey ofOiegon and Washington
Tenitories.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, with the gen-
tleman's permission, I will state that I occupy this
position on the subject of printing books by order
of Congress: Congress has heretofore become the
publisher of a large number of woiks that are
