362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
construction of a railroad from the waters of the
Gulf of Mexico to the waters of the Pacific ocean,
in order that it mav be referred to the select com-
mittee on the Pacific railroad, and printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, i object to that
bill, and to all others; and insist on the regular
order of business.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of House bill
(No. 712) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, I860; the
pending questions being the motions to refer the
same to tne Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, on which the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Kei-^t] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. KEITT. I move the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 ask my friend fiom South
Carolina to allow me to move an amendment to
the motion for reference to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. I wish to move an amendment in-
structing that committee to inquire what reduc-
tions in the appropriations can be made without
detriment to the public service.
Mr. KEITT. If I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose, shall I then be entitled to the floor?
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to the gentleman's
yielding the floor, unless he yields it entirely.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 will renew the demand for
' the previous question, if my friend from South
Carolina will yield to me.
Mr. KEITT. Well, I yield the fioorto the gen-
tleman to make his motion.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair: will not the previous ques-
tion cut off the instiuctions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. GARNETT. I now offer the amendment
I liavc indicated, and move the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being first upon the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, upon which the yeas and navs
had been ordered, it was t« ke ; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 97, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiil, Arnold, Atkins, Bark^dalc, Bishop,
Howie, Bismol), CaiutheiN, Ca-kie,Cavanaugh, Chapman,
Clay, Cohh, Joint Cot hrane, Cock cull, Comm?., Co.\, .1 ami's
Craig, Bmtnn Crai e, Ciawiord, ('liny, DavuUrm, Dim* of
Indiana, I)avi> of Mississippi, Dcwait, Dnnmick. Dovvdell,
JKdic, ftlhott, English, Eustis, Fcnton, Foley, G«uneti,(iait-
rn\\, Gilmer, Oioenwood, <*tegg, Lawience \V. Ilall. Robeu
B. Hall, Iliokman, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Huyler, Jenkins, Jewell, George VV .lone*, Owen Joue«,
ICeitt, Landv, Lculy, Lciler, Melt.ie, Hainuf'I Maishali,
Mason, Millei, MilNon, Momll, l<Winun H Mow. Nd>
lack, Nichols, Pendleton, Peyion, John S Phelps, I'hill
1'ike, K'-ailv, Reagan, Ueilly, Uicaud, Ritchie, llo\ee, S-.m-
<hdjr<>. Savage, Scales, Scott, Siniihij, llemy M. Shaw,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Steven von. James A. Stewaif,
William Stewart, T.tppan, Undeiwood, Vallnndighain,
Vance, Elldni I?. Wa^hlmrne, Israel Washburn, W.uktn-,
White, Woodson, Wortendj ke, and AiiguMusJi. Wngiit—
NAYS—Messts. Adiain, Andrews, Bennett, ttilhngliiu.st,
Bingham, BSun, Bocoi k, Binuon, Uullinton. Bmlmganic,
Burns, Case, (Jbatlce, E/.ia Claik, Horace F. ('iai k. (;<>!lav, 1
(Jovode, Curiis, Davis ol Ma^sacluisetts, Davis of Iowa. |
Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Duiloe, Faulkner, Foster, Gihnan, :
(Joodwin, Gi.uiger, (.row, Ilarlan, Harris, Ilaskin, Hoard, |
Hoiton, Kenn, Kellogg, KeUey, Kilgore, Knapp. Jacob M. ;
Kunkel,Jolm C KunkelJjawience, Leach, Lovejoy, Mat •
tefion, Maynard, Mih's, Montgomery, Morgan, Edwaid Jnv |
Morris, Isaac j\. Moi h-j, Mott, iMuirav. Oi in, Parker, Pet tit, j
Potter, Potile, Pmviance, llohbinc, IJobetts, Uuflin. John I
Sheiman. Jud-on W. Shennan, Roboit Smith, William i
Smith. Spirmei. Stanton, Thavcr, Thotrip'-on, Tompkins, I
Wade. VValdron, Walton, CadwaladerC. VVashbuin, Wd- I
ton, arid Zolheofler—78. j
So the bill was referred to the Committee of i
the Whole on the state of the Union. I
i
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 1
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the ;
committees for reports, commencing with the j
Committee of Elections. ;
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee of Ways i
and Means, reported back the memorial of J. W. !
Cochrane, and moved that the committee be dis- '
charged from the further consideration of the ;
same, and that it be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to. j
On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, j
it was i
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims he di>chruged I
from the further consideration of the petinon of Edward |
Hay din and James Atwell, and that the same he rolened to
the Committee on Military Affairs. !
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Eli Hart and Captain Daniel Harbaugh, and on
the report of the Court of Claims in the case of
J. H. Wagsaman; which were severally laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to make a statement
to the House in connection with the case on which
lam now about to report. It appears that on the
8th of January, 1849, Congress passed a law al-
lowing this claim. It further appears, from a
letter received from the Treasury Department,
that as late as 1856, the money remained undrawn
in the Treasury, and yet the matter has been re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims at every Con-
gress, from that time until now. I report back
the petition of Charles Waldron,and move that
the Committee of Claims l:e discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KXJNKEL, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee of Claims, reportea a bill for the relief
of James Collier; which was read a fir-stand sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Reuben
B. Heacock, Aaron S. Thumber,Lucy G. Gray,
and Amos Wilmot; which were severally laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of D. H. Johnson; which was
read a first and second time, referred (o a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. GOODWIN, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of the surviving children
of Jabez B. Rookor,and the same was referred to
the Com t of Claims.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that Senate bill No. 495 may be
taken from the Speaker's table, and rrfrried.
No objection being made, Senate bill (No. 495)
authorizing the issue of registers to the steam-
ships America and Canada, and to change the
names of said steamships, was taken fiom the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time, and
leferied to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 374) for the re-
lief of George J. Ivniirht; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole llouse, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered lo be printed.
He also, from the sapie committee, reported a
bill for (he lelief of Samuel Pciry; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the report,
oideied to 1)0 ptinted.
Mi, ARNOLD, from the same committee, re-
poited l>cuk, with a recommendation that it do
pass, nn act (S. No. 21:2) for the relief of Joseph
C.G. ICennedy; which was refeired to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
oiderod to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
comnnttce, reported adversely on the report of the
Court of Claims (No. 170) m the case of J. L.
Worden: which was laid on the table.
Ho also, from the same committee, made an
advmse leport on the petition of Zetes Newell;
which was laid on the table, and ordeted to be
printed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Commerce to repoit a bill to
authorise, the registering of the schooner Entcr-
prize, of Wilson, New York, and to ask that it
be put on its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The Secretary of
the Trcasui y, upon application made to ium, ap-
proves of this bill. The facts are simply these.
The schooner was built by the person for whose
benefit this bill is introduced. It was sold to a
Canadian and a moi tgage taken, but with the title
still m the mortgagee. The schooner was sub-
sequently sold under Canadian laws, and was
purchased by the original mortgagee to preserve
his own title, and he now asks for an American
registry.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and ,
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am instructed
by the same committee to report back a joint res-
olution (No. 39) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell a certain plat of land in the city
of Petersburg, Virginia, belonging to the United
States, and to ask that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Application was
ma$e in reference to that matter to the Treasury
Department for information, and a letter was re-
ceived in reply, which I ask may be read.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, December 24.1858.
sir : i have to acknowledge the receipt, this day, of your
letter of the 22d instant, nansmitting form of a proposed
joint resolution, authoiizing the Secietary of the Treasury
to sell a portion of the custom-house lot at Peteisburg,
Virginia, which is herewith returned.
The portion of the lot which it is proposed to sell and
convey is not requited for the public service, and the De-
partment peiceivcs no obje< tion to the  ale, provideda fair
and piopei price can he obtained.
Very respectfully, IIOWELL COBB,
Secrctaiy oj the Treasury.
To Hon. John Cochranb,
Chairman Committee on Commerce,
The resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. lam instructed by
the same committee to report back joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 54) for changing the plan of the cus-
tom-house at Galveston, in the State of Texas,
with an amendment thereto, and to ask that it bo
put upon its passage.
The resolution was read.
Theamendment recommended by the Commit-
tee on Commerce was to add to the bill the fol-
lowing proviso:
Jin(l proi idrrf fititln'r. That the consent, in writing, oftho
contractors and iheir Miienev ior the constiaction of t aid
custom-house (or Mich aiteiation, shall be first had and de-
iiveied to the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then ordered
! to be read a third time.
' It was lead the third time, and passed.
| Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
' on Commerce, made adverse reports on the follow-
' in<r resolutions and bill:
i The resolution of the Legislature of the State
S of California, praying for an appropriation;
i The concurrent resolution of the Legislature
; of the State of California asking for an appropria-^
| tion to build and construct a breakwater injsaid
i State; and
t A bill (H. R.'No. 704) for the construction of
| a marine hospital at Cairo, Illinois.
| The Committee on Commerce was discharged
I from the fur:her consideration of the resolutions
: and bill, and they were laid on the table.
I On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, the
i Committee on Comtneice was dischaiged from
i the fuithcr consideration of the following eases,
| and they were laid upon the table:
j The memorial of John Brooks and others, citi-
1 zens of Bridgeport, Connecticut;
j The memorial of citizens of Oswego county,
! New York; and
j The memorial of three hundred citizens of
I Chautauque county, New York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
i tee on Commerce, reported back resolutions of
j the State of Georgia, requesting Congress to ap-
point a commission to inquire into the limits
| and extent of the southern pine belt, and moved
that they be refened to the Committee on Pub-
| lie Lands; which motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
j bill for the survey of the harbors of San Diego
| and San Pedro, m the State of California; which
1 was read a first and second time, referred to the
! Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union, and, with the report and accompanying
; papers, ordeicd to be printed.
i He also, from the same committee, report^ a
i bill for the survey ofGalveston harbor, the mouth
| of the Brazos river, Matagorda Pass, Aranzas
Pass, and Brazos Santiago, State of Texas; which
I was lead a first and second time, referred to the
[ Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j and, with the report and accompanying papers>
i ordered to be printed.
