TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ing the next fiscal year, or the succeeding year.
I consider that it is a commencement-of carrying
out the provisions of the law when the Secretary
buys a site for a building. I suppose, that waa the
first step contemplated when the law was passed.
I have no purpose to complain about it, but I
think it is not right for one branch of the Legis-
lature to be complimenting the executive officers
for "refusing to execute duties which they are di-
rected bylaw to perform.' I should like to inquire
at some time—I do not know whether thjs is the
proper time—what amount this present bill ap-
propriates?
Mr. BENJAMIN-. It is over a million dollars
from the Treasury, for these buildings.
Mr. SIMMONS. I mean, the whole bill. I
should like to inquire of the chairman Of the Com-
mttieejon Finance what amount of money is ap-
propriated by this bill ?,
Mr. HUNTER. It appropriates $90,400,000,
but that includes $3,800,000 as deficiences of this
fiscal year to be paid next year. The amount
appropriated for the service of the next fiscal year
is about $16,600,000, exclusive of the deficiencies
created this year to be paid the next.
Mr.- SIMMONS. I should like to know what
are the exact revenues of the Department towards
meeting the J16,000,000?
Mr. HUNTER. Between seven and eight mil-
lions.
•Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I see in the report
of the Postmaster General, that he estimates
$6,000,000 to pay the deficiencies of next year's
postal business.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill appropriates nearly
ten million dollars from the Treasury for the next
year.
Mr. SIMMONS. What I am now coming at
is to try to test the soundness of the argument
of the Senator from Virginia, that if you strike
out all these things, you will cut your expenses
do wn to $61,000,000 next year. Here is $6,000,000
estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
we add three or four million dollars to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will give way, I will move that the Senate
take a recess for two hours, until half past six
o'clock. This is a very important question, and
a great many Senators have gone home to their
dinners, and I think the rest of us ought to have
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. HUNTER. Would not an hour and a half
be sufficient? ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 move that the Senate take a
recess until half past six o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
TheSenate reassembled at six and a half o 'clock,
p. m., and resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole,the consideration of the Post Office appro-
priation bill, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Committee on Finance to strike
out the following proviso in the second section of
the bill:
"Provided, TJiat the sums heretofore appropriated for the
erection of the post office buildings, which shall remain in
the Treasury unexpended at the clo-^e of the present fiscal
year, are hereby reappropriated to the objects to which they
are now applicable by law."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to amend the ori-
ginal proviso which it is proposed to strike out.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand there is «n
amendment to the proviso pending, which was
offered by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr> Stu-
art.]
Mr. CLINGMAN, and Mr. KING. He has
withdrawn it.
Mr. HUNTER. Then this is in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to amend the pro-
viso, by adding to it:
■Srui provided, Such plan shall be adopted in each case
that no further appropriations shall be required to complete
the buildings than those already made.
Mr. KING. Allow me to suggest that many
of these buildings are buildings in which tie law
provides for custom-house and court-room ac-
commodations, as well as for the post office. The
appropriations were intended to erect buildings
for all these purposes. In some cases the appro-
priations were made for custom-houses and court-
rooms, and in others for custom-houses and post
offices. I presume this would limit it to post
office buildings merely.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My purpose is to prevent
spending any more money than has been appro-
priated. I have been opposed to most of these
appropriations, and I think we are building cus-
tom-houses where they ought not to exist; but,
nevertheless, I am willing that the money which
has been heretofore appropriated shall be spent,
but I want it so spent as to answer the' purpose,
and not to be a mere excuse for further expendi-
tures. For example: there is amongst these ap-
propriations one of $50,000, for a custom-house
and court-room at Raleigh. I desire the Secre-
tary to make just such a building as that sum
will make, anil to spend no more. As a repre-
sentative of North Carolina, I am content with
that; and I do not mean to vote any further ap-
propriationsforanyof these buildings anywhere.
I have no doubt the post offices and court-rooms
can be constructed, where they are needed, for
the appropriations heretofore made. I desire,
therefore, that a limitation may be put in, so that
we may see an end of this business.
Mr: KING. I have no objection to such a
limitation as will compel the construction of the
buildings for the purposes for which they were
originally designed with the appropriation that
was made to all the objects. I would not confine
them to post office purposes merely.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My amendment does not
confine it to post offices. Whatever the existing
appropriations cover this will apply to.
Mr. KING. Suppose you add, "for all the
objects for which the buildings were contem-
plated."
Mr. CLINGMAN. That necessarily follows.
Mr. KING. If it does, you may as well say
so expressly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina to the proviso
which is proposed to be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurred on striking out the proviso as
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to accomplish
the object had in view by the Senator from New
York, I think it will be well to amend this pro-
viso. It seems to me to be confined entirely to the
erection of post office buildings. I think that the
appropriations for the erection of court-houses,
custom-houses, and post offices had all better be
put on the same footing.
Mr. KING. I think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If one goes in, they ought
all to go in; and I move to amend the proviso by
inserting, after the word " post office," the words
" court-house and custom-house," so that it will
read " That the sums heretofore appropriated for
the erection of the post office, court-house, and
custom-house buildings," &c.
Mr. HUNTER. That is carrying it further
than the House carried it. The House only re-
appropriated for post office buildings; but the
Senator from Illinois wants to reappropriate for
them all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they should all be
on the same footing. It is not worth while to
continue appropriations simply for the post office
buildings, and not those which are also for court-
houses, as well as post offices. For instance, here
is $50,000 appropriated for the construction of a
custom-house and post office. Surely, the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not say that, if the build-
ing goes up, we shall not have it for a custom-
house, aS well as a post office. It would be better,
I think, to make this proviso in the terms of that
act. It is not intended to make any additional
appropriation, because the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina confines it to the amount
now appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. But it makes an additional
reappropriation, because in some places there are
court-house buildings provided, Without any pro-
vision for custom-houses, or post offices either;
and there are some places where there are post
offices without custom-houses. The Senator pro-
poses to reappropriate for th'em all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to suggest to
the Senator from Illinois, that this proviso is as
broad as the existing provision of the law. The
proviso here applies to post offices, and I am not
for extending it further. Suppose that, in ptjint
of fact, there was an appropriation of $50,000 for
a post office and court-house in a particular place.
This proviso prevents its failure by going to the
surplus fund. My amendment simply declares
that on that building you shall not expend more
than the $50,000 heretofore appropriated ; but
what does the $50,000 go for? It goes for the
post office and the court-house; it covers them
both, if the original proposition was for both. I
propose that they may go on and execute it, but
not go beyond the amount of the original appro-
priation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not objecting to the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina,
at all. I can illustrate my meaning by taking an
example. I see, in the statistics which I have be-
fore me, an appropriation for a building at George-
town, in the District of Columbia, for the accom-
modation of the custom-house and post office,.to
cost not more than $50,000. There might be a
difficulty as to the appropriation, for the custom-
house and post office, and it might expire with
this year in regarc^to that part of the building
devoted to the custom-house. The Senator from
North Carolina does not wish that. He does
not wish the building in Georgetown, when con-
structed, if it is to be constructed, not to be used
for a custom-house as well as a post officc. But,
if the proviso stands as it is, the law only appro-
priates money to build a post office. Now, would
he, as Secretary of the Treasury, consider him-
self authorized to use any part of that building
for a custom-house ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator from Illinois
must see that this proviso preserves that very
appropriation of $50,000 for the purposes for
which it was originally made—for a custom-house
and post office. My amendment simply declares
that you shall not exceed that sum. If that money
is spent, of course it is to be spent for a custom-
house and post office, according to the original
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What possible harm can
it do, then, to have the terms "custom-house
and post office" used?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will tell the Senator.
There are other cases where there are appropria-
tions for custom-houses by themselves. We have
court-houses by themselves; we have court-houses
and custom-houses together, and not connected
with post offices, which arc not covered by this
proviso. Letthem take their chance in some other
bill. I am not prepared to say that they are right
and proper. Let us pass this proviso, which the
House has put in this bill covering the post office
buildings, and it will secure all buildings where a
post office is a part of the purpose in view. If
there are other propositions, let them come in in
some other shape.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have before me the law
providing for these buildings. It is the eighteenth
section of the act of August 18,1856. I have run
my eye over the various appropriations for build-
ings; and every one of them includes a post sffice,
with other purposes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the Senator will see
at once that there is no need of his amendment;
because all those cases are embraced in the pro-
viso of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from North
Carolina surely does not understand the position
which I take. It is this: that, under an appropria-
tion to build a court-house, the Secretary of the
Treasury will have no authority to build a custom-
house. That is clearly so. Hereareappropriations
made two years ago for building custom-houses
and post offices. Those appropriations will lapse
within a year. You propose now to continue the
appropriations for building—what? Simply the
post office; and he will have no authority to make
a custom-house also. By the statute ,which I
have before me, I find that was one of the pur-
poses; but I will not take up time to read it.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from Illi-
nois say that that statute contains them all?
Mr, TRUMBULL. It contains all that I am
aware of.
Mr. HUNTER. Why, sir, there is a post
office building in NewYork provided for, nothing
but a post office; and there is a custom-house
building in New Orleans, nothing but a custom-
house; and a court-house building in Philadelphia,
nothing but a court-house. There are plenty of
instances where a building is designed for a single
purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true of buildings
