H64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
discharged from the further consideration there-
of:
Resolutions of the James River and Kanawha
Company in regard to the plan of Charles Ellet
for supplying water in the Ohio^rivcr;
A memorial from the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota, asking an appropriation for the
improvement of the St. Croix river;
A memorial from the State of Minnesota, for
an appropriation for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river, from the mouth of the Minnesota
river to the Sauk Rapids; and
A memorial from the State.of Minnesota for
an appropriation for the Mississippi river at Beef
Slough Bar.
WISCONSIN IMPROVEMENTS. I
Mr. WASURNE, of Illinois. I am in-*
structed by the Committee on Commerce to re-
port back House bill (No. 717) making an ap-
propriation for cutting a channcl between the head
of I3ig Stuiireon bay and Lake Michigan m the
State of Wisconsin, and House bill (No. 720)
making appropriations for the improvement of the
St. Cioix river, the boundary between the States
of Minnesota and Wisconsin, with a recommend-
ation that they do not pass. The reason of this
report is, that we have a general bill which will
embrace these improvements. I move that the
bills be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
INSPECTION DISTRICT AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am also in-
structed to report back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill providing for the estab-
lishment of an inspection district at the city of
Memphis, State of Tennessee.
i will merely remark that that provision is ein-
biaced in the general bill, known as the steam-
boat bill, which was refeired to the Committee of
Ways and Means at the last session, and which
I shall at an early day ask the House to take up
and pass. I move that the bill be laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Two bills j
were rcforied to the Committee on Commerce, pro- j
vithng for donations of public lauds, one for the '
conshuetion of a dam and lock at the rapids of1
the Minnesota river, m the State of Minnesota, j
and the other for the const! net ion of a canal around j
the falls of St. Anthony, and lemovmg obstruc- j
tions m the Mississippi river, in the State of Mm- j
nesota. The Committee on Commerce deem the
Committee on Public Lands the proper committee ;
for the examination of the subject. They ask, j
therefore, that the committee be discharged from ,
f!ie further eonKideiation of those bills, and that !
they be ixfn i <>d to the Committee ui) Public Lands. !
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS. |
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Com- !
merce, made ndveise reports on the following pe- '
titions; which were laid upon the table and or- j
dered to be printed: I
The petition of certain citizens of Ohio, praying \
an appropriation foriepairs of thehaibor of Ver- j
million, Ohio; I
The [>"t:tion of certain citizens of New York, '
praying for an appropriation to defray the ex- j
penses of meteorological observations; ]
The petition of Hiram Walker, of Illinois; and !
The petition of W. D. Bueli, of Ohio.
Mr, COED. I move to proceed to the consid- j
cration of the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, i insistonthe
regular order of business—the call of the com- .
mittees for reports. _ 1
Mr. COBB. 1 believe the morning hour has
expned, nnd that my motion is in oider, j
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex- j
pircd.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope, then,
the House will vote down the motion of the gen- ;
tlemati from Alabama, in order that all the com- j
nnttces may be called. j
CODIFICATION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
Useif into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I make the motion because
the bill in relation to the revenue laws has been
made the special order for to-day, and, until it is
disposed of, it impedes the progress of the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my motion for the
present.
Mr. HATCH. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce. A bill has passed the Senate for the deep-
ening of the channel over the St. Clair flats, m
the State of Michigan, and has been sent to this
House.
The SPEAKER. That bill is upon the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
it may be taken up and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mi*?STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
regular oider of business.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House iesolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
! Mr. DAVIDSON. What is the special order
in the Committee of the Whole ?
1 Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The special
order is the consideration of the codification of
the revenue laws. If the House refuse to go into
the Committee of the Whole, and refuse to pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table, all
J the committees will be called,and they can make
i their leports to-day. I hope the House will al-
j low the committees to be called.
; Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The bill for the
| codification of the revenue laws is made the spe-
j cia! orderfor to-day, and for each succeeding day
! until it is disposed of I am desirous that some
| disposition should bo made of that bill in the
j Committee of the Whole, so that we may pro-
i ceed with the consideration of the appropriation
j bills. If that bill was out of the way, I should i
j have no objection to going on with the call of ■
• committees for leports. |
[A message wau heic received from the Presi- I
dent of the United States, by J. B. Henry, his I
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he i
' had, this day, approved and signed a bill making >
i appi opruations for the support of the Military'
] Academy, for the year ending June 30,1860; and :
1 also communicating a message in writing.] '
! The question was then taken: and it was de-
, cided in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 3D; as |
| follows: 1
YEAS—Me-sr-f. Baiksd.i)e, Billinshurst, Bingham, Rii'-s,
Btaii"h, Buii'inton, Murimcame, Cn-doo,
' Cuailee, Chapman. L/aii Ul;uk, Iloiaee F. Clark, Cobb,
John Cooiiiane, Cockiuili, (Joilax, f'omnis, <Jo\ode. Cox. i
1 Ciiiiv, CuiiM, I)avk- ol Indiana, l)avi> of Ma<su<-hu«ijiis. '
Davi- of (owa, Davvc-i. Dean, Dmnmr-k. Dodd, Dowdell, I
, Purlce. Ed mu nd-on. Elliort. Font on. Floiciteo. Fo^mi, Gar- j
nrii. (.iddmiis. (iihnan. Uiiinoi. Gonuwin. Giangoi, Gtow, '
linlx'il I! ll.ll], IliiM.iu*, j1.1UI-. Ha-kin, Hickman, Iloaui, |
Iloitoiu Jfowaid, Knm, iu IU>^Lr, Kcl-*ey. Kilyoie, Knapp, '
j John C. Iviniio.l.'harnai. Ijaiuly,"ijawienee,Leach,Letter.
1 Lovcjon , H.ic. II umpluey Manila.)), Ma>on, Matteson', i
i Mauuud, Mill-on. Alontgomerv, Mooio. Motcan, ■
I Mm nil, Isaac N. Mot  i-, Fieeman II. Morse, Molt. Mini ay,
: NiehoH, Paikn, Piittit, Pe\ ton, John S. Phelps, Pinihps, ;
; Pike. Pnuoi, Pottle, PowHi, Pnrvmncr, Ready, Redly,
, itie,Hid, Ritchie. Houbins. Roberts. Rovee, Ruffin, Savage,
j .Seal j Uemv JVI. Shaw, Shoiter, Robert Smith. William
Suiuu, Stanton, William Stewait, Talbot. Tappan, Miles
j Taylor. Th.iver, Thmnp-on, Toaipkii'h. Trippo, Undei-
i wood. Wade. Wuldron, Walion, <'ad\va!adoi C Wash-
burn, Eiitim H. Wa-hbume, lt-iael Wa:-hbnjn, Watkius,
' Wil-on. \Vm -low, Wood, and Zollicoft'T—12-1.
i NAYS—Me-j-r-:. \hl. Andei^on. Hi^iiop, PoL-onk, Bon-
. luini. BuuH'tt, Jnlm B Huik. Clay, .lame? Ciaiir. Crawiotd,
i).i\ ul-on, Dewai t, lOn^l^h, Foiev, Gai troll, Uilli^. ("Joode,
, (i-ri'L-nvvood. Oicmr, ll.uoli, Uopliins, Houston, Hughe's,
1 i!u\ l"i. Jmvett, (jt'oiso W. Jone^. Jaeoh M. Kunkei, Sani-
u.'l S. .Mar.-tiall, Nibiie-k, Pendleton, S<unii"l A rfmitli,
Sn.'plu-n-, Stcvfn-'on, Janie-- A. Srewait, VaJlandjgbam,
■ Yanec, While, and Au^u^tus R Wnght—3S. :
j So the motion was agreed to. ;
The House accordingly resolved itself info the
■ Committee of the Wholeon th^ st.ueof the Union, 1
i CATr. Buuxltt in the chair.) and i esumed the con- 1
1 sideiation of the bill for the codification of the |
; revenue laws-of the United States, ond for other !
■ purposes. !
| Mr. CLA RIC. of rscw York, obtained the floor, j
! Mr. HOUSTON. I believe I was entitled to ;
; the floor. 1
; The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman from Ala- j
bama did not claim it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not intend, at this time,
to make a speech upon this question.
Mr. CLARK, of JNTew York. I yield to the
gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only desire to make one
suggestion. This is a very long bill, embracing
many chapters and sections; and I would suggest,
as far as my judgment of the proper mode of ma-
turing this bill is concerned, that the committee
take up the bilj, by sections, and amend it by
striking from it, or adding to it, as we proceed;
and,tfhilewe are progressing with the bill, in
that way we can engage in pertinent and gei mane
discussion upon the amendments that may be
proposed upon the body of each section as we
reach it. If we continue the general discussion
upon the bill of the length of this one, it is very
clear to my mind there is not sufficient time of the
session left to mature and act upon it as we might
and would desire to do. Therefore I hope the
committee will read it by sections, and discuss it
as we progress with the reading, if we do that,
it will not take more than two or three days to
complete the bill in a manner satisfactory to the
committee.
Mr. BARKSDALE. With the permission of
the gentleman from New York, J desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
Joiin Cochrane,] who reported this bill, whether
this bill affects the tariff, directly or indirectly,
and whether it is intended to affect it?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will answer the
question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will explain
the general features of this bill, if opportunity is
afforded me.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My question was directed
to the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
who reported this bill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I presume 1 shall
not occupy my entire hour. Gentlemen will then
have an opportunity to ask and answer questions.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to have an answer
to that question from the chairman who reported
the bill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I yield, to enable
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce to
answer that question affirmatively or negatively,
and no further.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I shall not, Mr.
Chairman, consent to answer in that way.
Mr. CLARIv, of New Yoik. I then decline to
yield.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] makes a suggestion that
the bill be considered by sections. Is there any
objection to that couise of proceeding ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I object. .
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I regard this bill
as one of exceeding importance—of an import-
ance much greater than that of any subject which
has engaged the attention of this House since I have
had the honor of a seat upon this floor. It reaches,
Mr. Chairman, all the interests of the country
concerned in its commerce; it affects directly more
than five millions of tonnage, and besides, contains
provisions relative to the levenue and its*collection,
which arc of a character eni'thng it to the careful
consideration of every member of tins House.
The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
[Mr. John Cochrane] has informed us that our
revenue laws require revision. This is true; the
evils resulting from the complicated condition of
the legislative enactments of the country running
through the past half century, have long been
observed by courts, by these connected with the
collection of therevcnue,and by professional men
who are called upon from time to time to determ-
ine, for the guidance of others, what is the exist-
ing law upon any of the subjects embraced under
the general head of revenue laws. It this was
merely a codification of the revenue laws of the
countiy, for one, I should interpose no objection.
Those laws need codification, but I veiymuch
doubt whether this House is exactly the body to
codify the revenue laws of the country. 1 think
this work should be done by a commission, or at
least by a committee specially charged with the
important, delicate, and accurate duties which
devolve upon those who at anytime attempt to
reduce to a code the laws and regulations of com-
merce. But this is more than a codification. This
bill proposes not merely to reenact existing reve-
nue laws, but to introduce into our commercial
