1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
system new enactments bearing upon our naviga-
tion laws, and laying tonnage and otlier taxes for
purposes and establishments entirely new to the
legislation and policy of the country.
Mr. Chairman, I take it for granted that my
friend from New Yoik did not intend, in pro-
posing tins bill, to facilitate at this stage of the
session the repeal of the navigation laws. I shall
leave that subject to those gentlemen who may
consider their constituencies at least pqually in-
terested in the maintenance of the present system,
simply remarking that, in my judgment, there are
provisions in this bill which can be so construed
as to repeal the navigation laws of the country to
some extent, and, perhaps, to open the coasting
trade to foreign shipping, i do not propose now
to speak to that subject, because slight amend-
ments, in various purls of this bill, will remove
many objections which have presented themselves
to my mind. I design to confine my remarks to
' one single chapter, namely, that which is found
at page 251 of the bill, and which relates exclu-
sively to the marine hospitals and health laws. I
think lean show that no part of that chapter ought,
under any cncumstanees, to become a law, now
or at any other time. This chapter (19) is not a
codification ofany existing revenue laws. It doc,
it is true, repeal existing laws: but it embodies no
provisions having relation to the collection of the
revenue. It affects the revenue, because it se-
questers from the Treasury a large sum of money;
and affects the ship-owner, because it levies upon
him a tax which is to go to support office-holders,
whose places are for the first time created by this
bill. It affects the revenue, because ltdimimsihcs
it. It affects those of our citizens engaged in com-
merce upon the sea, and upon our inland water*,
for it throws new burdens upon them. It im-
poses upon the tonnage of the country, whether
employed in the foreign trade, the coasting trade,
or the fisheries, at this, the moment of extreme
depression, taxes and obligations to which they
have heretofore been strangers.
This chapter is entitled, " Respecting marine
hospitals and health laws." 1 am not aware of
the extent and accuracy of the mfoimation had
by gentlemen upon this floor as to the present
practical operation of our system of murine hos-
pitals: nor, sir, do I propose to discuss at length
that subjectto-day,for i have notthc time. I have
some acquaintance with the mattei; and I will
only say, to sum up the results of my observa-
tion, my study, and my inquiry, that our present
system of marine hospitals is a fraud upon the
sailor, and a fraud upon the country. But I sup-
pose that the system lias existed too long to be
at this moment changed; I suppose that there are
too many persons interested m its maintenance;
that by means of it too large a sum of money is
annually drawn from the ^Treasury and squan-
dered or distributed throughout the Union to ren-
der it possible that a system which, beginning
perhaps in right, has become fearfully wrong,
should be at onre abandoned. I object, sir, how-
ever, to any legislation having in view the perpet-
uation of this system, or of its mischiefs.
In order, Mr. Chairman, that 1 may render my
remarks intelligible, I will briefly caU the atten-
tion of the House to the existing condition of the
laws relative to the relief of sick and disabled
seamen, and marine hospitals. As long ago as
1798, it was deemed a measure of sound policy
to provide that theie should be deducted from the
wu""esof the mariner, twenty cents per month, to
secure a fund for his temporary support when
sick and disabled. It is very dirneyitfor me to
reconcile the theory upon which this original le-
gislation was based, with any of my notions on
the subject of the power of Congress over the com-
merce of the country.
I think that it is not the business of Congress,
nor the business of the Federal Groveinment, to
provide hospitals for the sick and disabled, but
in respect of manners, it seems to have become
the policy of the country, and, at this moment,
I do not propose to attempt to interfere with it.
In the eariy life of our commerce, when the State
institutions, and those of private charity which
can alone, as you will find if you will examine
the subject, provide safely and sectucly for the
care of the sick and disabled of any class—were
few m number, and of slender resources, theie
may have been some necessity for this kind of
legislation. I will not deny that in all commer-
cial countries there has been a national interest
attached to the condition of the mariner, which
rendered him the subject of speetal legislation as
connected with the commerce of the country; and
there may be something in the suggestion. The
fund which the legislation of 1798 provided for
the relief of the sick and disabled sailor, was not
drawn from the general Treasury, but is, and has
been, exacted from him by force of law, from
that time down to the present hour. He pays it
because he cannot help it. He pays it, sir, be-
cause the owner and master, under this law, are
authorized to take it from his wages. But the
advocates of this monstrous system of marine
hospitals, say constantly that the sailor pays it
willingly. Sir, his remonstrances are in vain. It
is taken from him by foice of law, for the osten-
sible purpose of providing for his support when
sick and disabled. The money comes into the
Treasury as a trust fund, and how is that sacred
trust administered ? It is squandered by thoFcd-
j eial Government in ways to which I shall pres-
| eotly refer; for I intend tocalltlie attention of the
' House to th« statistics on the subject, and when
i they shall have been examined, I do not believe
I that one sinsle man upon this floor will vote for
! the perpetuation of a system which at the present
1 bout brings dishonor upon the legislation of the
country.
Tins original act, sir, was amended in 1799,
, (March 9,) when the President was, for the first
| time, authorized to divert the fund thus realized
from this t.ix levied out of the wages of sailors,
and expend it in a district other than t hat in which
the same had been enforced. The act of 17SJ8, in
terms, provides that the moneys collected in every
distnct, shall be expended within that district.
The policy of the law was, that the moneys col-
lected fiom the seamen at the port of New York,
for instance, should be expended for the support
and mauitensnee of sick and disabled seamen at
that port. The act of 1799 authorizes the Pres-
ident to divert that fund fiom its original purpose,
and permit it to lie expended ill the State in which
the distnct where the money is collected is situ-
ated, or in an adjoining State, except as to the
money? collected in the"Statcs of Massachusetts,
New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, j
By this act, the Secretary of the Navy was di- j
leeted to deduct twenty cents per month, from j
the pay of oflicers, seamen, and marines, m the <
Navy, and m respect of the fund, the officers, sea- j
men, and marines of the Navy wore put upon the j
footing of seamen of the merchant set vice. 'The !
act of May .'i, 1802, broke down all the barriers ,
which had been, by previous legislation, set up :
for the protection of this fund, and for its just !
appropriation to the purpose for which it was .
originally intended to be raised, and cieated one .
general fund, extending the provisions of the act ;
of 1790 to the boats, rafts or flats, on the Mis- j
siseippi river, bound to New Orleans. The act
of March 1, 1843, extended the provisions of i
these acts to the coasting trade, and at this hour, ;
every part of the- country is interested, one way ;
or the other, for or against the maintenance of
the system and its abuses, to which 1 will now
proceed to call the attention of the House.
1 submit it to the consideration of this House,
whether it is the legitimate business of this Gov-
ernment to undc>. take to ercct hospitals, and to pro-
vide for the sick and disabled of any class' 1 doubt
the capacity of Congress to do it well, independent
of the question of its constitutional power; but,
sir, if any class of the sick and disabled is to be
maintained at the public expense, the sailors,
probably, compose that ekiss.
At this point, i wish to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce whether the pro-
visions of this bill, applicable to marine hospitals,
have received the appioval of the Secretary of
the Treasury ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will answer the
question of my colleague, and in this wise: the
proposition which my colleague is now discuss-
, mg was originaPy placed in this chapter by the
! Department of the Treasury, under the admmis-
' nation of a former incumbent. The percentage
i of tonnage has been diminished by the Commit-
I tee on Commeice 
I Mr. CLARK, of New York. I must interrupt
; my colleague. Let him answer, categorically,
i whether this chapter has, or has not, received the
! approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What I stated was
necessary, preliminary to my answer; and I say
now, in sequence of what I have stated, that the
Secretary of the Treasury has announced upon
this floor 
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I object to any
further explanation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. When the gentle-
man asks me a question I will endeavor to an-
swerit. Am Inot, I will ask him, now answering
his question ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 desire that my
colleague shall inform the House whether the bill
whtch the Committee on Commerce has reported,
in respect of this new legislation meets with th 
approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury, or
otherwise ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Inbrder to answer
that question 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman yield
to his colleague!
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I decline toyield
further at this time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I hope my
colleague will not question me again, when ho
declines to yield the floor for an answer.
I Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 think I gave-
! my colleague an ample opportunity to answer the
j very simple question, whether the bill which ho
j reported has or has not met with the approbation
! of the Secretary of the Treasury. Now, in re-
! spect of this chapter, I take tbe liberty to say that
I it is hardly possible that it has met with the ap-
, probation of the Secretary of the Treasury. And,
sir, I base my assertion that it has not met with
] the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury
; upon bis report on the finances at the last session
of Confess and at the present session,
i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
\ man allow me, in anojher attempt, to give him,
! in answer to his question whether the Secretary
I of the Treasury approves of this bill, inclusive of
that part of it m which he is engaged, the Secre-
tary's language? That language, as near as I am
able to repeat it, is this: that " he approves of the
| bill." There may be some errors in it which
I his judgment might not approve; but he is anx-
[ ious that the bill, as it stands, shall pass, rather
| than that it should be defeated.
j Mr. CLARK, of Now York. I acknowledge
] that there are some good provisions in this bill.
| There are very many sections of it for which I
| wish to vote; and I sincerely hope that the bill
t will take a course which will afford me the op-
portunity to vote for many ameliorations of our
! navigation and revenue laws, which I find m the
j first two hundred and fifty pages of this bill. My
question to my colleague related solely to tbe
■ chapter to which I propose to confine my observa-
tions. Now, I think that the Secretary of the
Treasury disapproves of our whole system of ma-
rine hospitals. He disapproves of it as being
unjust to the sailor, and a wrong to the country
in respect of its expenditures. In explanation of
this expression of opinion, 1 will read a clause
from the Secretary's report of 1857-58. At page
19 of that report, the Secretary uses this lan-
guage: .
u Your attention is particulaily invited to that portion of
the engineers report winch ifieis to the subject of marine
hospital*. Each year's experience adds to the objection*
which have been ptescmcd to Congress to the system of
buildin" and maintaining the^e hospitals. The relief at-
fouled is not more ample,whilst the expense is muchgreater,
than exists under the old system. The information winch
wfonimumcatcd on tin? Milyect mu«t attract the serious
attention of Congie-^; and should lead, m my judgment, to
aiadical change* The amount now annually drawn fiom
the Tieasury to supply the deficiency in the kind tor the
relief ot sick and disabled seamen exceeds tile sum raised
out of the wages ot the seamen lbr this* purpose. It was not
so foimeih ; and the fact is in no small degree attnbiuaolo
to the increased and unnecessary expenditures growing out
of the building and keeping up of marine hospitals. IJe-
wdes there is no fund disbursed by the Government which
possesses higher claims for a just and economical expend-
mire than the one under consideration. The law compelj
the collection of this money from the wagesof the seamen,
and the Government undertakes to expend it lor their bene-
fit and protection. The tru^t is a sacred one, and can onlv
he faithfully discharged by exercising the greater care and
economy in iu> disbursement. I renew the lecmmnenua-
lions of'my last loport on this subject/'
The Secretary's report of 185G-57 (at page 27)
seems to recommend the abandonment of the
whole system of marine hospitals, and that we
should return to the economical system which
I the authors of the act. of 1798 designed to pro-
1 vide for the administration of this sacred trust.
