1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQ1E.
already in course of construction; but I presume
all the buildings which have not been commenced
were embraced in this statute; for if the appropri-
ation was made prior to 1856, it would already
have lapsed, and I apprehend the Senator from
Virginiadoes notmean to abandon works already
half completed. That is not his design. *
Mr. HUNTER. My design is to leave the
works to the law as it stands. I am not disposed
to give them two years' longer lease of their lives
than we give to all other appropriations. I do not
see why we should extend to them this peculiar
favor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the motion, as I
think it can do no possible harm, to amend the
proviso by inserting the words which 1 have in-
dicated after tke words 44 post office," 44 custom-
house, and court house."
Mr. KING-. If the persons who advocate the
striking out of the proviso were notthose enter-
taining the opinions they do, I do not think it would
be material to insist on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois. One would have supposed that
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, the
Senator from Virginia, would be advocating this
amendment, and that we should be opposing it;
because, taking the fact that the law already
passed appropriates the money for constructing
these buildings, and directs the Secretary to con-
struct them, I take it that if there should be no
further legislation by Congress, these buildings
would be constructed; that it would be the duty
of the Secretary to construct them, and make the
contract, so as to see that these appropriations
did not lapse. That I understand to be his view;
and, in the present condition of the Treasury, it
would have seemed to me very natural that the
Secretary, with his desire to postpone the expend-
itures, should have come here and asked for a
law authorizing him to postpone these works;
and that is what this proviso does. It authorizes
him to postpone the construction of these build-
ings to a period beyond the time when the first ap-
propriations would have lapsed; and that is the
only effect of it, in my judgment. I have no ob-
jection to a proposition of that sort. Wherever
there are custom-houses or court-rooms, or other
buildings, not provided for by this provision for
an extension of time, in my opinion, it is the
business and duty of the Secretary to go on and
construct them within the term limited by the
present statute. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Astheprovisonowstands,
it embraces every case where a post otfice is part
of the plan. The Senator from Illinois proposes
that it shall embracc eases where the post office
18 not a part of the plan, but where the buildings
are for custom-houses or court-houses. I am
oppose*! to bringing them into this bill. If they
are right in theifisclves, they can be provided for
in another place. Wherever they are a part of
the-plan of a building for a post office, they are
already embraced.
Mr. HUNTER. I only want to say to the
Senate that we have a great many amendments.
I hope we shall have the vote. I want to say
nothing more on the ments of this amendment.
The question being taken on Mr. Trumbull's
amendment, there were, on a division—ayes 8,
noes 18; not a quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for die yeas and nays;
and while we are taking the vote a quorum will
probably come in.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to keep this
matter m the way to embarrass the Senate; and,
with the permission of the Senate, I will withdraw
my amendment. I can renew H afterwards, if it
be thought advisable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) The amendment will be considered as
withdrawn, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on striking
out the proviso, as amended.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before that question is put,
I desire to say a word or two in relation to one or
two facts which weie suggested this morning by
the Senator from Rhode Island and the Senator
from New York. I will take the two instances of
the action of the Secietary of the Treasury which
they themselves selected. The Senator from
Rhode Island picked out the Qgdensburg build-
ing. I have inferred to the repoits of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in relation to that building,
and I have before me his reports for 1856-57 and
1857-58.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say anything about
the building. I spoke about the lot. That was
what I heard of last year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am going to review the
allegations of the Senator, and compare them with
the facts. In 1856-57 the Secretary of the Treas-
ury reported as follows io relation to the building
at Ogdensburg:
" A site has been selected at Ogdensburg for a custom-
house, post office, and United States court. The title has
been examined and found to be good. Jurisdiction has
been ceded by the Legislature of New York, and it has
been exempted from taxation. There now remains noth-
ing to consummate the purchase but the payment of the
purchase money.
" The season is so far advanced in that climate as to for-
bid the commencement of the work this faH. The con-
tractor is making preparations to commence early in the
spring.
Total amount of appropriation      ,.$130,000 00
Amount expended to September 30, 1857  645 35
Balance available for completion of the work. .$109,345 65
That was on the 30th September, 1857. The
ground had not yet been paid for; he had not yet
got his title; nothing had been paid for it. The
building could not then be commenced. The 30th
of September, 1857, was about the period at which
the financial crisis commenced. The building
could not be begun until the following spring.
The next report upon that is in 1858, and then
the Secretary of the Treasury reported to Con-
gress:
" The building designed to be used for a custom-house
and other purposes, at Ogdensburg, New York, had not been
commenced at the date of your instructions to commence
no new woiks; and, consequently, no steps have been taken
foi iw construction. The site had already been selected,
title certified to by the Attorney General, State jurisdiction
ceded, and the land ha& been paid for.
Total amount of appropriation $118,000 00
Amount drawn to September 30, 1858  9,008 75
Balance available   $108,991 25
So, the ground had not actually been paid for,
although the title had been examined and found
good: the title had not been passed when the crisis
broke out. The Secretary of the Treasury, there-
fore, clearly was not in delay in relation to this
matter. The building could not be commenced
until the following spring; and we all know that
in the following spring there was no money in the
Treasury to begin it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I said that he had plenty of
money before that, in September.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am coming to that gen-
eral proposition in a moment. Now, what oc-
curred in relation to Springfield, Illinois, of which
the Senator from Illinois makes so much com-
plaint? The Secretary reported in 1857-58:
" Springfield, Illinois.—A site foi a building designed
to be used tor a post office and United States court-rooms,
was selected by the late Secretary of the Treasury. An act
was passed by the Legislature of Illinois ceding jurisdiction
ovet the same, and exempting it from taxation. The title
has heen cerlified as valid by the Attorney General. Nothing
now remains to consummate the purchase but the payment
of the purchase money."
So much for the site. Now, let us see what is
said about the building:
■'< The season is too far advanced to make contracts for
the work with any probability of beginning operations be-
fore spring. Contracts can be made this winter in time to
enable the contiactors to begin early m the spring, if the
proposed enlarged work is authorized.
i " Ar the instance of members of Congress fiom Illinois
I at the last session, tile late Secretary of the Treasmy di-
1 rected plann to be prepared of a size lequimigan additional
uppiepilation, and proposals for construction were icceived,
and the bids opened and t:.\amined, but the neees>ary ap-
■ pioptiation was not made by Congrer^. If notuitherappro-
' pri.ttiou i^ ninde for the purpose, new plans will have to be
j piepared of a t-maller sized building; but it is represented
j that such smaller size would be insufficient for post office
: u^e>.
Tnt-U amount of npptopriatton .®61,000 00
i Amount e\pended to September 30, 1857  7,035 43
! Balance available for completion of the work..,, $-53,964 57
So, Mr. President, the whole complaint in re-
lation to the building atSpringfield results in this:
that at the instance of the Illinois delegation in
i Congress, or a part of it, the Secretary postponed
I the work, it being represented that the size of the
j building would be insufficient for the purposes of
i the Government at that place; and at their request
he called for bids on, a larger, scale-, he obtained
the bids, and prepared .ta make a, contract oft the
larger scale, provided Congress would make an
appropriation. Congress did not make an appro-
priation. He submitted the wholequestion to our
decision, for the purpose of determining whether
he should go on upon the small scale, orwhether
Congress would make a larger appropriation -fojr
a larger building. We did neither,., We neither
provided him money to go on upon the small
scale, nor did we make any appropriation, for.«
larger building; and of course it would: havafceen
madness and folly in him to continue on:the scale
already suggested, when the Illinois delegation
themselves said it would be insufficient.  
Now, Mr. President, what is the whole com-
plaintin relation to the Secretary of the Treasury?
It is simply this: that having very large demands
upon the Treasury, demands which were created
by Congress at a period when it was supposed
the public revenue would continue to flow in, in
the same large streams which it had previously
furnished, he found himself suddenly checked in
the fall of 1857, by an absolute cessation of re-
ceipts, resulting from the prostration of business
during the commercial crisis. The Treasury be-
came rapidly depleted, and he found that he re-
quired the funds in the Treasury for the daily ex-
penses of the Government, for carrying on the
daily necessary operations of the Government;
and the question for him was, shall the regular
operations of the Government be stopped, or shall
I withhold the expenditures in relation to these
new constructions not already commenced until
I can get the instructions of Congress on the sub-
ject? He could not do both. You ordered him
to do what was impossible. As the Senator from
Ohio has well expresspd it, you ordered hioi to
make bricks without straw. He did all he could,
and then submitted the question to us to consider.
No w, he comes back and tells us that by our inac-
tion on the subject, by our failure to make further
appropriation, by our failure to put any money
in the Treasury beyond what was required for
the ordinary expenditures of the Govemnfent, we
seemed to have approved his course; but does he
pretend that he is not to obey our orders; is there
anything contumacious, either in his conduct or
in his expressions? Not one word, sir; not one
act. He says again: " I submit this matter to
Congress, and if Congress desires these buildings
to be carried on, it will be necessary to renew the
appropriation." He calls, to our attention the
fact that the appropriations will soon lapse. He
says: " I will go on if I am ordered, but I hope
in that case Congress will supply me with the
funds."
Now, sir, as to the money which the Senator
from Rhode Island speaks of so frequently: it is
true that we did furnish the Secretary of theTreas-
ury with means last session, by the Treasury
notes and by loans; but the Senator from Rhode
Island has, on more than one occasion, thought
proper to arraign the Secretary of the Treasury
for errors, or want of sagacity in the statistics
and calculations he has presented before Con-
gress; and I think not with justice. No man
knows better than that Senator that, at the date
of this financial crisis, not only were the causes
which operated in producing it concealed from al-
most all human perception; not only were .there
scarcely two minds in the country which could
bo made to agree as to the reasons or causes which
produced this crisis, but scarcely two minds in
the country agreed as to the date when it would
cease, as to the extent to which it would go.
When we met, immediately after the crisis had
occurred, the Secretary of the Treasury supposed
it would be very temporary in its operation; he
supposed that there would be a revival of busi-
ness; he supposed there would be a renewal of
the imports; and he therefore made his calculations
and laid them before Congress, and stated what,
ill his judgment, would be the deficiency; but each
succeeding week developed the nature of this
crisis to a more and more alarming extent. The
importations, so far from reviving, ceased almost
entirely. There were no revenues pouring into
the Treasury of the Government. The Secretary
found each week the deficiency was growing
larger and larger; and he came again and again
to Congress, stating that this matter was lasting
longer than he anticipated, and asked for further
temporary aid until the business and commerce
