1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
$418,000 is, under the provisions of this bill, to
be taken from the earnings of the mariner for the
ensuing fiscal year. I say this is all wrong. I
say that no argument that is respectable can be
advanced in support of the proposition that, at
•this time of extreme depression of our shipping
interests, you should levy this new and untried
tax. I say there is no argument which can be
adduced, which can sustain this forcibly taking
away of the sailors' earnings to provide, not for
them, but for the maintenance of a corps of offi-
cials, a body of men of whom I design not to
speak of disrespectfully, but I say that they be-
long to that class of men who live in idleness, and
upon the labors of others; a class of men with
whom { have no sympathy; a class of men the
number of which I would not increase by even one
single one, unless some inexorable necessity pre-
sents itself in order to execute some necessary and
constitutional law.
When my friend [Mr. John Cochrane] opened
this case, his statement caught my ear, that this
bill, although touching and codifying the revenue
laws, in no degree affects the revenue officers of
the United States or their emoluments. It inter-
feres with no Federal office-holder. I heard him
say this; and while it might have pacified some
anxious men, it alarmed me. At the outset of
his speech he said that he did not propose, while
codifying the revenue laws, to inteifere with any
existing office, or any existing salary. Although
our revenue has fallen off nearly one half, and al-
though he, residing in New York, where I reside,
knows that moic than half a million dollars is
wantonly expended every year in support of po-
litical profligates and political strikers, yet for all
this, he proposes no decrease of the number of
officers, and no diminution of salaries.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE!. If my colleague
will allow me at this point, he will confer a favor
by permitting me to suggest that, although this
bill interfiles with no salary, and with no officers
or corps of officers, yet a bill has been in prepara-
tion by the Secretary of the Treasury, and is now
ready to be reported to the House, which does
interfere with those salaries and with that corps
of officers; and it reduces, as 1 am informed by
the Secietary of the Treasury, those salaries, m
the aggregate, nearly half a million of dollars.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That is one step
in the right direction. I hope that bill will come
along, for there is some necessity for it; but for
this, not the least. This is demanded by no public
necessity. We hear no voice from the country
in support of it. The poor sailor has not asked
that any further sum than that already exacted
should be taken ftom his wages to support these
hospitals and these office-holders; nor, from the
mode in which this charity is administered to them,
are you likely to hear, save in remonstrance.
I will state (o the House an instance which oc-
curred a few days since in New York. A sailor,
in Water street, was sick. It was reported to the
appropriate liveried official, who sits warm and
comfortable in some snug department of the cus-
tom-house, that there was a sailor about to die
whose life had been spent in the commercial ma-
rine, and who was entitled to relief from this
bounty. The gentleman intrusted under the col-
lector with the administration of this charity to a
sailor out of the sailor's money, said,li Bring him
here; he mustcome here." " But he cannot come
—he cannot." " He must come here,51 replied the
official. " I must examine him." It was repre-
sented that he was a mile or two off, in Cherry
street, and that it might hazard his life to bring
him all the way down to Wall street, where the
custom-house is situated. But the decree was in-
exorable; and the fiiends of the man took a car-
riage ana brought him down. The officer of the
revenue saw him, and gave him a certificate enti-
tling him to admission. The carriage went; but,
before he had reached the asylum, his spirit had
fled to the God that gave it.
That is the way this charity is doled out to the
men from whose hard earnings you have been
wringing a fund for the last half century, and the
abuses of the administrationof which you are now
seeking to perpetuate. The fact was stated to me
this morning by a gentleman who is now here
urging the passage of this bill because of some
proper amelioration of the revenue laws which is
to be found in some of its earlier provisions.
I ask my friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, where and when arose the pub-
lic demand for this new enactment relative to
the marine hospitals, and touching the imposi-
tion of new taxes upon the tonnage of the coun-
try?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Does the gentle-
man desire an answer?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I preferthat the
gentleman should answer hereafter. There is
another subject-matter embraced in this chapter
of the bill, which I regret exceedingly, I have
not the time fully to treat now, because the legis-
lation proposed is more unjust and objectionable,
if such be possible, than that which has reference
to the increase of this hospital fund, and to the
perpetuation of these abuses. I refer to what is
called the apprentice system. We have now no
apprentice system ordained or regulated by law.
At the present, the system is voluntary, and is of
mutual interest of the owner of the vessel and to
the apprentice. This chapter of the bill proposes
to enact a system by which a man who is the
owner of a ship must carry apprentices in propor-
tion to tonnage. It is involuntary, being enforced
by penalties. The owner cannot, in pursuance
of it, select his own apprentices, as he can now;
but a new corps of Federal office-holders is inter-
vened between him and his business, to regulate
the one and restrict the other. 1 should like to
hear from any gentleman upon this floor some
argument in support of this apprentice proposi-
tion, which is, at least, new to the policy of this
country.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Where is that?
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik. Chapter ten, page
251. You will find in sections eight and twenty-
four, chapter ten, the provision for the appoint-
ment of commissioners by the Secretary of the
Navy. The number is unlimited. He may ap-
point to these offices; he may assign the appoint-
ees to such ports as he sees fit; he may prescribe
regulations for the conduct of the business; but
there is no limit but his discretion as to the num-
bers of the commissioners or the amount of their
salaiies. It is not to be presumed that he will
appoint more than one man for any one port; but
under this bill he has the power to put a Federal
officeholder into every port, and to select the per-
sons whom the owners of ships shall carry, and
to whom as apprentices they shall intrust their
property. And how is the expense to be borne?
Whence is the fund to be derived which is to sup-
port this new band of Federal office-holders? 1
will tell you. The provision for raising the fund
is carefully stowed away in the twenty-second
section, page 263. It comes not from the Federal
Treasury. My watchful friends need not to be
alarmed.
We have got to the point when it is proposed
to sequester the revenues of the country on their
way to the Treasury, and then no such men as
those whom I see before me, and who honor
themselves by their constant vigilance over the
expenditures of the Government, need be feared.
This twenty-second section directs that whenever
a vessel shall be entered at any port, there shall
be paid by the master the sum of five cents per
month for every man employed on board. Thus
it is proposed to repeal the act imposing the tax
of twenty cents a month upon the mariner, and
in its place to levy a tax upon tonnage, and then
to direct that this tonnage tax shall be deducted
from the wages of the mariner. And as to the
apprentice system, it is proposed to resort to a tax
upon wages to support the officials which its adap-
tion warms into life; and forasmuch as twenty
cents per month has been heretofore wrongfully
taken from the wages of the sailor, the sum of five
cents per month upon their wages must hencefor-
ward be wrongfully taken from the master. Such
is the scheme of this bill.
This fund of five cents per month is not to be
deducted from the wages of the mariner, and the
tax which creates it is imposed dnectiy upon the
master of the ship. Then what is the theory?
An apprentice system is crcatcd, wrong and op-
pressive in its character, unjustifiable, without
precedent, violative, in my judgment, of every
piivate and every constitutional right. And the
transaction is not improved because the tax which
1 maintains the system is a direct tax upon the
'master. Where is the justification > Mr. Chair-
! man, what is the amount to be raised under the
I apprentice system ?
A Member. Does it go mto the hands of .-the
Navy ? ; i'i * J
Mr. CLARK, of New York, 'it gQesisto&he
hands of the Secretary of the Nary, not?asta|>art
of the public funds, but to establish the n^wT^-
ury which you will find created in section
three, page 264. It is there declared tha.tfchi&fufad,
with the penalties and forfeitures provided foxtfr
the previous sections, shall constitute a separate
and specific fund, out of which the expenses shall
be borne. Thus we have one Treasury for public
purposes, and we have, by this act, another Treas-
ury presided over by the Secretary of the Navy,
who has unlimited and discretionary power to*
dispose of the money in the language of. the eighth
section, page 566, " according to his decision."
Now, sir, this feature which provides for a sep-
arate and specific fund to support a specific es-
tablishment is novel, and the absolute power of
disposition of it may be grateful to the dispenser.
But I am not prepared to give my assent to any
such scheme. Follow the plan out, and upon the
same reasoning you may impose upon tonnage^the
burden of your Navy, with its extravagant and
unwarranted expenditures. You may have some
specific fund out of which your Navy expenses
shall be borne. Then we shall no longer be
troubled with motions to refer the bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, with a view to
stricter examination and scrutiny. Sir, this plan
plan involves an abnegation of the legislative
power of Congress over the funds raised by tax-
ation of the people. *
But the answer will be made that this is a pri-
vate purpose; a commendable charity. Then let
men administer the fund themselves. If this ap-
prentice system is a private benefit, let its expense -
be voluntarily assumed; but if a public burden,
let it fall upon the public Treasury. It is the first
time, sir, since I have had the honor of a seat in
Congress, when it has been proposed to levy a
tax upon any particular class of men to support
either office-holders or any other class. It is the
first time that it has been proposed to levy a direct
tax upon any single branch of commerce to sup-
port any set of men—young or old, apprentices
or masters.
Sir, these matters must all bo left to private
chariiies or municipal institutions, where you
ought to leave the administration of these hos-
pital moneys, which, for the last fifty years, have
been taken from the earnings of the sailor. You
have no right—I deny your right, I deny your
power—under the Constitution of the United
States, to levy a tax upon any particular branch
of industry for the particular benefit of any other
particular branch of industry, or any particular
class of men. Until I hear some argument in
favor of a system, which, if left voluntary, may
be a good one, but which cannot be enforced upon
that particular branch of commerce without preju-
dicing the rights of the persons engaged in it, and
impairing the security of the capital employed m
it, I will say no more.
There are, Mr. Chairman, other objections to
this apprentice system, which are of a different
character, which address themselves not to the
constitutional power of Congress to permit these
invasions upon commerce, but have reference to
the mode in which the duties enjoined upon the
office-holders to be created by this bill are to be
executed; and to such objectionable features I will
for a moment refer.
Mr. Chairman, the system of apprenticeship
prescribed by this bill is substantially this: the
Secretary of the Navy appoints some official to
select in the community the beneficiaries of this
bountv created by the tax imposed upon tonnage;
when he has selected them, the ship-owner must
take them on board, in numbers proportioned to
the tonnage, or must pay a penalty of fifty dollars
for each apprentice in respect of which he is de-
ficient.
But the bill is silent as to the age at which
these persons must be apprenticed. There is no
provision that the ship-owner shall take them at
sixteen, or seventeen, or eighteen years of age.
For aught I can see, the support of infancy may
be imposed upon him. Sir, it occasioned me a
good deal of surprise to find that by this bill, while
the owners of ships are bound to carry appren-
tices, there is no limit as to their ages, or provision
as to their compensation. They are to be males,
