368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13.
I admit; but whether they are to be nine, or ten, II ing ship-building interest might survive the in-
or eighteen, or nineteen years of age, is not pre- II novations proposed by this bill; but what will
scribed by the bill. All is left to the large and jl alarm it most will be this invasion of the principle
liberal discretion of the gentlemen who are to be j of protection, and I believe that the provisions
appointed to intervene between the ship-owner I of this bill even menace those interests, and would
and his business. * ! subject them to great hazard; for I am instructed
A Member. Is there any restriction as to the | by a letter received by my colleague, [Mr. Davis,]
sex of the apprentice ? jj yesterday, from the president of the Board of
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I believe that jj Trade of Boston, one of the largest ship-owners
infant girls cannot be apprenticed to ship-owners jj of this country, and a man well informed in such
under this bill; but infant boys may be. j! matters, that he can build ships in the British
Mr. Chairman, I was still further surprised !| provinces thirty percent, cheaper than they can
be built in the United States. If this be true of
the British provinces, much more is it true of
England herself, \vhere laboris cheap, where cap-
ital is cheap, where iron is cheap; those thing en-
tering as elements into the construction of ships.
It may be asked by tho freighting interest of this
country, if this be true, "why notabrogate the nav-
igation laws, and allow us to purchase cheap-built
ships of England ? In answer to that suggestion
which they may make, I will simply say that the
agricultuial interest, the freighting interest, has
as large a stake m the success of our commercial
marine and keeping it up, as any other interest in
this country; fo'r if you wound the shipping in-
terest by the abrogation of the navigation laws,
then men will stop building ships; the tonnage of
the country will sink; and it is a law that when
the tonnage of the country falls, freights go up.
It is, therefore, for the good of the freighting,
the agricultural interest of the country, to hold
up the hands of our commercial marine, and to
keep it in honorable competition with the commer-
cial marine of the world, so that the tonnage of
the country may be large, and freights low.
Sir, at the present time our shipping interest is
but feebly protected. The entries and clearances at
our potts snow us that more than half of our foreign
trade is carried on by foreign vessels. It is true
that England has repealed or greatly relaxed her
navigation laws; but while she has given us some
advantages by the modification ofthose laws, she
is pouring forth the bounty of tho Government
liberally in another direction—a direction which
we have not yet to any great extent taken. Do
you not know, sir, that England is at the pres-
ent time animating her shipping interest by the
laige bounty of $0,000,000 per annum ? Do you
not know thai underthu inspiration of that govern- |
mental aid, more than one thousand six hundred j
steamers are moving over the ocean, bearing the j
trade of every part of the world to the shores of >
England? And what cares she, so that she have j
the commercial dominion of the world, who may 1
have the political dominion? Do you not know j
(and a great change has taken place in' this re- i
spect recently) that from the West India Islands, |
lying immediately off our coast, she has now 1
ten branch lines of steamers, radiating from St.
Thomas, and controlling the trade of Mexico, the j
trade of Central America, the trade of the West ;
Indies, and the trade of Brazil, to an alarming ex-
tent—that trade which, up to 1850, we, by means !
of those clipper ships born of the genius of our !
country, were fast winning to ourselves? Do you I
not know that five years, aided by these steamers, i
she has increased her trade two hundred and
twenty-five per cent., while our trade has not ma- '
when I found that not only is the ship-owner to
carry apprentices, but he is to educate them; he
is to cause them to be instructed in all the arts of
navigation; he is bound to teach them reading,
writing, and the general rules of arithmetic; he
is obligated to clothe and provide for them in sick-
ness and in health, at soa and upon land. And
when his ships are laid up, or lost, or sold; when
the commerce of the country shall, perhaps, upon
some occasion, become paralyzed, (and it is al-
most paralyzed now,) he is bound to take better
care of them than the laws of the States require
that the father should take of his children. Upon
what foundation rests the power ot Congress to
make the ship-owner provide a,home for the poor
and friendless boys winch the commisstoner*may
find in the stipets of our commercial ciues?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURLINGAiVIE. I do not rise, Mr.
Chairman, for the purpose of trespassing at this
time on the attention of the committee at any
great length; but simply to indicate one or two
amendments which 1 design, at the proper time,
to ofi'er to this bill. I design to move to strike
out the following words in the second section of j
the bill: |
" Cut citizens of the United States, *oIo owners of for- !
ci?n-l(Uilt v.'vjc! , '-hall have a light to ha\ c tho bsi! of «u!e j
of such w^: oU T jcouled j,i the pioper collection district j
and eeitiiied by the collector in hen of ie<,rMeriu£. and to j
engage m the lore'^.i w.ulo, upon compljnur vvuh the laws i
of the United States in relation to master and cievv, and
the payment ot an annual tonnage duty, m advance, of one [
dollat per ton. United Slater ltioa-iuiemont; and any ?uch •
vessel, c imajed tn the foreign tuulc without payment of s,aid ]
tonnage dni>, or continuing it aitei the yeai lor which the !
tonnnjre dn;v w p.ud, s-tmll be liable to seizure and forfeit- i
uie to the United j
In the third paragraph, for the words, "two j
thirds,"! piopose to .substitute the woids " three 1
fourth*;" and in tho fifth paragraph, I propose !
to strike our tlic following words:
Fij/h. £h:ps and other vesseU purchased by any citi-
zen or citizens oi the !7niicd Urates U'idei ami by virtue of
an\ hen, or moiinatro, or incumbrance whatever, duly and
loyally enioiced h\ .uiy rouit of the United State?, or any
Si.ue court bavins* juii-sdietion tlieieof, cuhei by mesne ,or
final pioce&s theieol."
It wili be perceived by the members of the com-
mittee that here are three methods indicated by
which a foreign-built vessel may become entitled
to an American register. An American citizen
may purchase a foreign-built vessel, and by the
payment of a dollar per ton per annum, he may
have for her an Amencan legistcr. When a for- !:
eign-built vessel shall be wrecked in our waters, i;
and shall have repaus put upon her to tho amount !!
(according to {his bill) of two thirds of her value, j'
when repaired she will be entitled to an Amencan i,
register. And again, an American citizen may pur-
chase by virtue of tiny hen, or mortgage, or other > terially increased?
incumbrance whatever, enforced in the courts of
the United States, or of any State having juns-
diciion. That the committee may know how far
these provisions of this bill are a departure from
the law as it stands at present, 1 need but call its
attention to the law as it now exists. Under the
piesent law, I know but oneway by which a for-
eign-built vessel can be Americanized. That is
by being wiecked m American waters,and having
repairs put upon her to three fourths of her value
when repaired.
The difference between our trade and the Eng-
lish trade with Brazil is this: our trade con-
sists largely of impoi ts from Brazil, while that of
England consists largely of exports to that Em-
pire. Sir, you cannot send a letter to Brazil, ex-
cept by a British steamer; you cannot send a letter
to the West India Islands, save by a British
steamer; you_ cannot send a letter to Australia,
save by a British steamer. England, by her steam
mariners unquestionably taking possession of
the ocean. She confronts us to-dav with the
Now, it wnl be understood that the law, as it ij alarming fact that her foreign trade amounts to
stands, was passed for the protection of the ship
building interest of this country; and the question
now arises, shall we, when our commercial inter-
ests are depressed, as the gentleman from New
Yoik has veiy properly said, as they are at this
time, is it wise m us, by this bill or any other,
over sixteen hundred million dollars, while ours
amounts to only about seven hundred million. It
is true that our commercial marine equals m ton-
nage that of Great Britain; but when you look to
the quality of the tonnage, you find that we have,
in opposition to her sixteen hundred steamers,-
to take such action as will operate-as a partial ji but fifty-seven, and fnose are now being- with-
repeai, or, at any rate, as a great relaxation of'! drawn from the ocean. There is scarcely an
tho navigation laws under which our commercial jj American line of steamers now running, because
marine has grown to be almost the first, if not jj the aid of the Government has been withdrawn
the first, in the world, if we have reference to the jj from, or has not been extended to, them. We '
enrolled tonnage'? It is true that our enterpris-,[ have but fifty-seven steamers in opposition to the 1
sixteen hundred and sixty-nine steamers belong-
ing to England; and when you add to these her
war-steamers, you find that' she has more than
two thousand. So that, unless this Government
shall adopta new policy, unless this Government
shall cease its w*tr upon the commercial interests
of the country, and shall give its aid to our enter-
prising ship-building interests, we must allow our
commercial renown to be dimmed, and we must
fall far behind other nations, and that speedily.
France, too, at this time, is offering a bounty of
$3,000,000 to her commercial marine, while wc
pay little more than $1,000,000 per annum to
ours.
We have had great advantages over England,
lately. She has been engaged in troublesome
wars—war in the immediate East, and war in the
furthest East, and from the fact that she abroga-
ted her navigation laws, we had an opportunity
to do a large carrying trade for her, and to such
an extent that during the year 1857 two hundred
and forty-six American vessels entered into the
port of London, and as many more, probably,
into the port of Liverpool. Now, the last news
"from England is, (having recovered from the ef-
fects of the war,) that the shipping interest there
is moving, by public meetings, for the purpose of
regaining and again controlling all their colonial
and Indian carrying trade. I have the proceed-
ings of a meeting held in London so late as the
last of December, in which this matter, not of the
restoration of the navigation laws—for they did
not exactly expect that—but of restrictions on our
commerce, was taken into consideration. They
desired that the Glueen should, by an order in
council—a thing which she has the right to make
under the British act of 1833—put such restric-
tions on our commerce as should practically drivo
us from the carrying trade of England. Is this
the time, when our great rival is rousing herself,
and determining by her iron steamers 'to take
possession of the commerce of the world, is this
the time to wound, by this bill or any other, the
commercial interests of this country? I trust
not.
I did not propose to address myself at any great
length to this bill. I have.indicated the amend-
ments which have occurred to my mind; but I
wish to have it distinctly understood, that by in-
dicating those amendments I am nor to he con-
sidered an enemy of this bill. On the contrary,
I am its friend, especially of so much of it as is a
codification of existing laws. From the slight
examination I have been able to give this bill, I
have ascertained through what amazing labor it
has reacted its present perfection. It is true, as
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
said, that five years have been spent upon it; that
Secretailes of the Treasury have worked upon it;
that the best experts in the land, those best in-
structed in such matters, have worked upon it;
that men whose interests were affected have given
it their sanction; and when the members of this
committee shall do what I undertook to do with
'this bill—take the existing laws and trace them
through to this codified result—then only will
they be ready to pay their full homage to the in-
dustry and fidelity of the Committee on Com-
merce, and especially to the chairman of that com-
mittee, who, by his connection with the custom-
house in other days, has had peculiar facilities for
learning the routine which must be gone through
with in the administration of the revenue laws.
I desire, by the passage of this hill, that the
taws may be made clear, that the country may be
relieved, and that the commercial interests of the
country may be relieved, in the first place, from
judge jaw; in the second place from Depaitment
law; and in the third place, from custom-house
law. These interests are put at hazard by the
conflicting opinions of those who administer the
existing laws. It is most desirable, then, thotso
much of this bill as is a codification of existing
law should pass.
If I understand the bill, it proposes not so many
changes as'the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Clark] would have us suppose. One or two of
these he elaborately examined. In the first place,
it proposes to change the rule by which the ton-
nage of American ships shall be ascertained. Our
present rule was derived from the ancient English
law. It is an ujijust rule. It does not mathemat-
ically ascertain the carrying capacity of our ships.
The tonnage of our ships, if measured by the cor-
