THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
tiot been able to cut off even this^ nominal ex-
change which we pay on the salaries of foreign
ministers, where they charge forty per cent. I
never could make the proposition here but I was
dr&ve clown and thrashed out by the Senator from
Georgia. [Laughter.] •
Mr. TOOMBS. You could never make us un-
derstand it.
Mr.TSiMMONS. The Senator said forty per
cent, was as legitimate exchange as anything in
the world may be.
- Mr. TOOMBS. I had one difficulty; you never
could give me the brains to understand it.
Mr."SIMMONS. That is not my fault. The
Senator from "Georgia is an admirable man for an
argument. It does not make any difference to
him what the facts are. He says somebody wants
to get high duties, and when he finds the history
does not come out, he puts it on Pennsylvania;
she is the Keystone State, and is able to bear it.
I intend to vote against all extravagant appro-
priations. I have united with the Senator from
Georgia, and I have said, in all my zeal for sup-
porting the Administration, that I could not go
this Post Office business. [Laughter.] That was
a little the toughest thing I ever saw.
Mr. TOOMBS. There we are together.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly, we are; and I
hope we shall do something. I will tell you what
is the cause of all this extravagance. We have
fot in the habit of voting these appropriations
lind. We have so much confidence in the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance-that, if he says
a thing is right, it goes through, and no man looks
ipto it. Sfnce I have been here, 1 have never
known a single appropriation bill, in regard to
■which we had a solitary explanation. You must
take it as it is, and take it, too, as quick as you
can get it, and everything else must go out of the
Senate to make room for it; and when it goes
through, nobody knows what we appropriate. I
have not known since I have been here; and then
the Senator talks about extravagance, and says
such a man wants taxes, and therefore votes for
the appropriations. I vote for them because 1 am
obliged to do so; I do not know what they are;
but I believe 1 have voted for but very few of
them. I think we shall never have any retrench-
ment or reform until every one of the items of the
appropriation bills is scrutinized in the Senate,
and a detailed explanation given of what it is for.
I dare say there an: books enough, if anybody
can find them, explaining it; but 1 have been try-
ing all day to find out whether the $,6,000,000
estimated for in the Post Office estimates would
cover the deficiency if this appropriation was
made, and I do not believe 'it will come within
$3,000,000 of it, as near as I can get to it. We
have no explanation; but if there is any proposi-
tion to slop cheating in the revenue, we shall be
told it is out of order. That, is all 1 ever pro-
posed; and I should like to ask the Senator fiom
Georgia if he ever knew me to propose anything
that raised an item on the rates of duty. All 1
bave asked was that you should stop cheating;
and I offered to lot the Senator fix the rates of
duties just as he pleased.
Mr. TOOMBS. Fix them yourself.
Mr. SIMMONS. I could not get a chance. I
want to stop cheating, but it is never in order in
the Senate to sfcip cheating. 1 have waited for
two years to see if there would never be a time
to do it. The false oaihs in the custom-house aie
notorious and proverbial throughout the land, and
yet gentlemen will get up here and say, there ale
none of them. Before I got here this December,
I heard that the argument the Senator from Geor-
gia made, on my proposition, at the last session,
and my own argument, m regard to home valua-
tion, was entirely crushed out by the report of the_
Senator's distinguished friend, the Secretary of
the Treasury; that he had used us up entirely and
effectually, and that we should never hear any
more about valuing'goods in this country, rather
than in China. I do not think the Senator from
Georgia and myself disagree very much about
the weight of that argument, but I am not going
to review it. The Senator said the export trade
had been good, there had been a profit on it, and
yet it would be fifty or sixty million the other
way, according to the Treasury tables, if all the
imports were accounted for. The Secretary's ar-
gument is, that we had been selling in a losing
market, though everybody knew we had a profit-
able trade. It is very much like the Senator's
argument about spending these $17,000,000; the
fact is not so. That is the trouble of the argu-
ment.
The Senator from Virginia says, that at some
time or other in the course of the evening, we
shall have an amendment that will strike at the
roots of this-evil in the Post Office Department.
I hope so. Now, I am. willing to reappropriate
this money, and I am sorry that the Senator from
Georgia is not. I shall not regret it much if it is
not done, but if we spend any money for objects
that may not be considered absolutely necessary,
I hope it will be done for buildings where we
shall have something to show for it, and not in
large salaries. I see in the estimates $3,600,000,
for collecting the customs. 1 think thatis aa much
as we appropriated last year, though we did not
spend quite as much, and yet the Secretary wants
#3,600,000 this year. However, I will not go into
these questions. I will not detain the Senate. I
believe we have a quorum now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the proviso as amended.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Broderick, Brown,
Clay, Davis, Dixon, Fiupatriek. Green, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Lane, Pearce, Polk, Pugh,Rice, Sebastian, Siidell,
Smith, Toombs, and Ward—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Biglcr, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Clinemnn, Cnllamer, Donhttle, Douglas, Durkec, Fesseil-
den, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, llarlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, King, Reid, Seward, Simmons,_ Utuait,
Tiumlmll, Wnght, arid Yulee—26.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out all of the third section of
the bill, after the enacting clause, in the follow-
ing words:
" That if the revenue of the Po-t Office Department shall
be insufficient to defray the appropriations made ill the first
section of this act, the deficiency, il any there he, at the ex
pnation of eacli qnaiter of the fiscal yeai, shall lie paid out
of any money m the Troasuiy not otherwise appropriated."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the sum of §6,0110.000 be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated out oflhe Treanuv of tlie United Status, in aid ot'tho
revenues oi'ihe Post Cilice Department, (or the objects des-
ignated m this bill; but tile Postmaster General shall in no
e"venl expend more money, or contract liabilities which
shall exceed the amount appropriated in this bill for the cur-
rent service ol the ^eat ; and the amount heieiu appiopn-
aled lo supply deficiencies shall he applied to whatever
deficiency may cxi^t at the beginning of the no\t fiscal
'year commencing on the 1st of July, 1839, and to no other
puipose.
Mr. HUNTER. I will endeavor to explain
the object of this amendment. This bill appro-
priates, besides $3,800,000 for deficiencies which
are to be incurred m this year, something like
§16,600,000, for the current service of the next
year. At the Post Office Department they esti-
II mate the postal revenues at between seven and
;i eight million dollars. This, then, is giving be-
j] tween nine and ten millions out of the Treasury,
i! exclusive of' the appropriation for deficiencies
m which belongs to this year, in order to carry on
|| the Post Office Department; and this third section
!| provides, that when deficiencies occur at the end
ij of each quarter, the Postmaster General is to go
■ to the Treasury to supply them. The object of
! this section of the bill is, in fact, to appropriate
;] between nine and ten millions a year out of the
I '1'ieasury, in aid of the post office revenues proper,
■, for carrying on the postal service of this year and
i| the next, and the money is appropriated to carry
that out. Noris that all. The Postmaster Gen-
eral may, at his discretion, put on new service,
and incur new liabilities. There is hardly any
limit or boundary to his discretion.
!! The, Committee on Finance offer, then, aprop-
j1 osition which, instead of appropriating between
,' nine and ten millions in aid of the Post Office rev-
enues, to carry out the system for the next year,
• appropriates only $6,000,000, and which proposes
! i the further limit that the Postmaster General shall
, not, in any way, contract liabilities beyond the
■ amount appropriated, to wit, $16,600,000, and
'■ also requires that the appropriation of $3,800,000
to supply the deficiencies shall be confined to the
deficiencies of this fiscal year; and that no bal-
■ ance, if any exists, shall be used for the current
service of the next year. In other words, itpro-
i. vides a limit; it says that he shall not, in any
f event, contiact liabilities for the service of the
next fiscal year, beyond the $17,000,000. Nor
does it stop there. It proposes that we. will not
appropriate out of the Treasury, to let him spend
the $17,000,000, because we meet here next year,
and generally the deficiencies, as in this case, are
appropriated in the session immediately preceding
the end of the year. It proposes that we appro-
priate now only $6,000,000, under the hope that
by the time we return something may have been
done towards diminishing the expenditures. If
it should turn out when we get here, that nothing
of that sort has been done, and that the Post Of-
fice Department will still require the sum of nine
or ten millions to be paid out of the Treasury,
there willbe a sumsomething like this $3,800,000
to appropriate for deficiencies again. We shall
be no worse off than we should be if we were now
to appropriate the whole amount provided in the
original bill, and we take the chance, after having
restricted the amount which can be used, of re-
form and reduction of expenditure. But if we
should fail in all that, it will do what has not been
done before, at least for many years, it will im-
pose arestriction upon the discretion of the Post-
master General to increase the liabilities and the
expenditures of this Government for Post Office
service; because it distinctly confines him to the
amount appropriated, and .takes away from him
all discretion to exceed that amount, by increas-
ing the service or putting on routes that will not
pay. '
1 hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate to
adopt this amendment; for it certainly ifRes leave
the limit of discretion wide enough when we say
that he shall not exceed, in the liabilities which
he may contract, the sum of $16,600,000, which
the bill appropriates; nor will it cramp or confine
him, to any inconvenient extent, to say that we
will not now appropriate, out of the Treasury,
this sum, ranging between nine and ten millions
.of money; but will appropriate, for the present,
only $6,000,000, taking, as I said before, the
chances for some reform and some reduction of
expenditure between now and the next session;
and if the worst should come to the worst, and we
should have to appropriate the residue, that is,
between thiee and four millions, as is done here,
to supply the deficiency, we shall not be worse
off than if we were to appropriate that amount
now. I think it is an important amendment. It
certainly is important in this that it puts some
limit on him, and says lie-shall not go beyond
the amount appropriated.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Virginia how much this bill appro-
priates, separate from the $3,800,000 for arrear-
ages?
Mr. HUNTER. Sixteen million six hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. The whole bill is over twenty
million dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. The whole bill is $20,400,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. One half the revenues of the
Republic last year.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would ask further, how
much was appropriated for the contingency of
arrearages for this current year, before you come
to this deficiency?
Mr. HUNTER. The last appropriation waa
$3,500,000. The whole appropriation out of the
Treasury, for this year, is a little over six mil-
lions, counting the $3,500,000 appropriated last
year.
Mr. COLLAMER. How much is computed
to be the income of the Department from the
postal revenues for the next year?
Mr. HUNTER. Between seven and eight
millions.
Mr. COLLAMER. That and the $6,000,000
provided by the amendment, will make between
thirteen and fourteen millions. 1 will detain the
Senate but a very few moments in relation to this
amendment. I have seen efforts put forth here
in various forms, in the course of this session, ill
relation to the Post Office Department. Some of
them are attempls to increase the rates of postage,
and others to limit, m some measure, the ex-
penses of the Depaitment. Some of those efforts,
in my estimation, would tend to succeed in the
purpose designed; some oftbemwouldnot succeed
much. Some of them would produce a very con-
! siderable effect; but they have all appeared to me
as abortive attempts tp effect the great purposes
whfch gentlemen are after. Until 1851, there was
