1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
a constant and abiding limitation on the power
of the Postmaster General. The appropriations
which were made in pursuance of the act of 1836,
which revised the whole system of the Depart-
ment, were appropriations of certain sums to cer-
tain purposes, according to the estimates; and the
law provided that they should be payable only
out of the revenues of the Department. That was
the standing law; it did not need to be repeated
in an appropriation bill, though it frequently was,
because, by the very terms of the statute of 1836,
it was provided that the appropriations which
were made for the Post Office Department, should
be payable only out of the revenues of the Depart-
ment in the Treasury. This limitation operated
as a sort of tether, a lariat, on the foot of the De-
partment, beyond which it could not go. It en-
abled the head of the Department, at all times, to
see what he could do, and what he could not do;
because, by keeping his eye constantly on the
state of his finances, he would be enabled to tell
whether any considerable new operation could
be undertaken by him. He was, therefore, able, in
a very great degree, to satisfy all reasonable men
who came to him and wanted the service on par-
ticular routes increased from weekly service to
twice a week, or to tri-weekly, or to daily service.
When a man called for that purpose, the head of
Department could say to him, " wait until to-
morrow or next day, and let me see what my con-
dition is." In the mean time, he would inform
himself as to what was his financial condition;
and when the gentleman returned, he could tell
him at once, my balance is so and so, and I
have*not the means to do what you want."
Then, if a reasonable man, he was satisfied, and
would go his way.
In 1851, when the postage was reduced to three
cents, gentlemen took the alarm. The Depart-
ment had been from time to time, as its income
increased with thegrowth of the country, enabled
to extend mai} accommodations, and had done it,
especially irc the new parts of the country; for
every head of a Department always keeps his eye
on them. Knowing that they required more ad-
ditions, he used to save his money with a view to
that. On one occasion, I was obliged to add
twenty-five per cent, to a single letting, in the
southwestern distiict, because it was a new coun-
try and required these additions. In 1851, when
the postage was reduced, gentlemen saw at once
that the income would probably be so low that
the head of the Department would not be able to j
make any improvements; and, therefore, to re-
lieve themselves, they inserted in that iaw a pro- j
vision that the Department should go on making |
these additional improvements without regard to 1
ks income. I do not give the exact words of the j
law, but that was the amount of it. From that ;
day to this the Department has been left without i
any tether whatever; without any lariat on its |
foot; without any limitation of us powers; and ;
when importunity is pressed on the head ot the :
Department, let him be who he will, he is unable ,
to say, " I cannot do this thing, or I cannot do j
that;" because it is known that he can do any- '
thing. Iiis mouth is shut'up; he has no answer ,
to give; he can teli no man that he cannot accom-
modate him with this piece of service or that piece
of service; whether it will cost $10,000 or $50,000
or $100,000 a year. He has no answer to give
him, unless he tells him plainly and directly, " {
will not do it;" for he cannot say I cannot do
it." That is the condition of the Department I
now. |
I am not laying the foundation for making apol- .
ogies for anybody, or finding fault with anybody, ;
one way or the other. I simply wish to state t
facts, and to say to gentlemen that this will ex- '
plain to them how all their efforts at lessening the .
expenses of the Department in regard to trans- j
portation in this respect, or making contracts in !
that respect, or about increasing the Post Office j
revenues by a little increase of postage, will be !
abortive while the law stands as it is now. These j
may all be well enough; but if gentlemen intend j
to stop wlTat is no doubt to all a rather alarming '
increase of the expenses of the Post Office Depart- !
ment, all these efforts will be utterly abortive, j
The root of the difficulty lies in the want of lim- i
italion. I cannot now say that I have gone over j
the particulars to see that the limitation of this ,
amendment is too short or not, or whether the [
tether is as long as it ought to be, or as short as 1
it oughtto be; I am not prepared to do so without I
examining it more particularly, but this I do say,
that you never can stop the expenditures of the
Department, until you put on a limitation like this.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 understand the appropria-
tion last year was $3,500,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. That #3,500,000 was for
the deficiencies of this year. They have $3,750,000
in this bill now for further deficiencies of the same
year.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, why should the de-
ficiencies of the next year be $6,000,000?
Mr, TOOMBS. This is a limitation; we can
get at that matter afterwards. I mean to move
in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to give notice that I
mean to make a motion about these $6,000,000.
I presume I shall have a right to do so. [" Cer-
tainly !"J
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia if the Senate, having adopted this amend-
ment in the very words in which he has presented
it, it will be in order to change it a single particle
hereafter ?
Mr. HUNTER. It will be when we get into
the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I only want a chance to strike
at it.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, was to insert, as an additional section:
Jhid be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall report to Congress, at the commencement of its ses-
sion,.such mail routes as may not have paid one half of the
o\pens-G occasioned by them, and state al«o the Ipugtli of
time duune winch they have been in operation. He shall
also report'thc loulesfn opeiaUon upon which the expenses
might be reduced, if the service were performed with n sin-
gle vipw to the transportation of the mail with due celerity,
ceitamty, and seeunty.
Mr. HUNTER. The object of this amend-
ment is to require the Postmaster Genera! to re-
port, at the commencement of each session, the
number of routes that have not paid one half their
expenses, and the time those routes have been in
operation; and also to report those routes in oper-
ation upon which the expenses can be reduced, if
nothing is looked to but the transportation of the
mails, and no reference had to the transportation
of passengers.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. I hope so most sincerely, because
it puts the whole postal service at the mercy of
the Postmaster General.
Mr. HUNTER. This does not propose to do
anything but require a repoit.
Mr. BROWN". I know exactly what it means.
You are to act on the report when you get it.
How is the Postmaster General to tell what ore
the revenues arising on a particular route when
you connect it with other routes, and divide the
postages in the middle, and at all the cross routes,
and at various points? If he wants to destroy a
route, under this provision he can do it; if he
wants to sustain a route, he can do it. You put
everything perfectly at his mercy. Who can tell
whether a post route from a given point in a State
to another one, pays half its expenses or not ?
You cannot tell how much each particular office
pays on its own account. You mix up your post-
ages so that it is mere guess-work 111 the Depart-
ment. Everybody knows that. Atlast you leave
the Postmaster General to say what routes shall
be in operation, and what shall not.
That is my first objection. My second objec-
tion is this: We wno come from the planting
States get nothing from this Government but
postal facilities. We plead guilty to the charge
that we get more from the national Treasury in
postal facilities than wo pay in postage; but we
say, on the other hand, that we pay into the na-
tional Treasury a great deal more that our due
proportion; and I am not quite content to have
my people cut down on the only point where we
get anything to a standard like this. To tell me
that every post route in my State must be discon-
tinued, unless it pays one half the wliole expense,
for it means that or nothing, is to tell mo that I
am to go on in this Government and submit to
inordinate taxation to all eternity, and get noth-
ing in return—noteven get the poor tribute of hav-
ing the mails carried to my people. I understand
this business. I know that the postal service in
my State is costing you a hundred thousand dol-
lars more than the Post Office returns show that
we pay; but I know that we pay into your na-
tional Treasury our millions for which we get no
return.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In what way ?
Mr. BROWN. We pay it on our exports, that
being the basis of your imports on which yoa
collect your revenue. Strike out the six hundred
thousand bags of cotton winch Mississippi con-
tribues every year to your exports, and you strike
down your imports by thirty or even forty mil**
lion dollars; and when your imports are stricken
off where does your revenue come from.' We
supply the exports which pay the bills you con-
tract for your imports, and upon your imports
you collect your revenue; and yet you grant us
the poor tribute of a few hundred thousand dol-
lars to carry the mails to our .people. We get
nothing else from you. There is not a post office
built at the expense of this Government in my
State; there is not a custom-house in that State
which has been built by authority of the Federal
Government. We know nothing of this Gov-
ernment but to feel its power of taxation, ex-
cept through the post office. We feel its taxing
power, and if your revenue officers did not de-
mand tribute of us, we should not know you.
unless the post-boy brought his mail. I am un-
willing to see any such proposition as this passed,
because I know the effect of it will be to strike
down half the mail routes in my State.
Mr. STUART. 1 was very much in hopes that
we might have voted on this proposition without
discussing it; and I shall consume but a very few-
minutes of the time of the Senate in saying a word
or two in response to the honorable Senator from
Mississippi. I wish to have this information: and
I thoroughly agree with the Senator from Missis-
sippi, in regard to the propriety of action when
the information is obtained. Ever since I have
been a member of Congress, in one or the other
House 1 have heard remarks, too often m a tan-
talizing tone, in respect to who paid, and who did
not pay, the expenses of carrying the mails in the
various States. To continue a mail route upon
the ground that it pays or does not pay its ex-
penses would be just as senseless, in my judg-
ment, as a proposition now to discontinue the De-
partment of the Treasury upon the ground that
it could not foot its own bills. It does not depend
upon that question scarcely at all; and, therefore,
I desire that the information shall be obtained;
and I wish the amendment was to report to Con-
gress what is paid upon every single mail route
in the Union, and I shall move thus to amend it.
It will create some additional labor on the Post
Office Department; but let us have the informa-
tion; and, when the information is brought to
Congress, and members of Congress study it, this
doctrine which is talked about of continuing or
discontinuing a route on the ground that it pays
or does not pay will be banished from the Halls
of Congress.
The other part of the amendment directing the
Postmaster General to leport what routes, in his
opinion, may properly be discontinued, is valu-
able. Jt is not every mail route which has been
established that ought to be maintained; but will
you teli us that the peo,ple living in a sparsely-
settled portion of the country ought,not to have
any mail route; ought not to have any post office;
ought not to have any communication with the
woild at large, because they cannot pay tlie ex-
pense ? And tins is a country that is expanding
its borders; that has a heavy frontier population
ail the time, and will continue to have until the
continent and the adjacent islands are covered.
Why, sir, it is much worse than that old S^P~
tural denunciation of the man who thanked God
that he was not as other men were. Here, in an
old State which is densely populated, and where
your routes cannot help paying,you pride your-
selves upon the fact that you pay more postage
than it costs the Government to transport the
mails, and support the post offices, in tlie State.
You cannot help it. A system cannot be adopted
that will furnish mail facilities in the United States,
and not produce that result. But what credit is
due to those States that thus stand ? None at all.
I think my honorable friend from Mississippi is
mistaken. 1 will guaranty to him, if he wants
to sustain his mail facilities as they ought to be
sustained, within the rules of propriety, he had
better have this information before Congress, and
then he will have something to stand Upon; he
