370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
attentively to all that is said on the subject in the
House, and shall shape my action in such away
as may best lead to the perfection and passage of
the bill.
Mr. COMINS obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. CLAY, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the SpeEiker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Y/hole on the state of tiie
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly the
special order, being a bill (H. R. No. 487) for the
codification of the existing revenue laws of the
United States, and for other purposes, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
EMPLOYES AT NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. GARNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to this House the number of hands* em-
ployed at the several niivy-vauh in each fortnight of the
year preceding the 1st ot December, lSoS.
FOP,T SNELLING.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to com-
municate to this Uoum}. whethei, under the iuttcles of
agioement entered into by ami between Major Eastman and
William King llmskell, on riie part of the United States-,
and TiauUhn Steele, oi Fort Snehm?, m repaid to the bale
of Foit Siieihnji, the sun; of .<'30,000, winch waj duo by the
said ai tides of agreement on the luth day nt July, has
been paid to the lio\ v'l iiinent, and U' -<>, \\ ho-i; bm. it not
paid 4d stipulated, what action htH been taken by the War
Department in legard thereto, and wheiher the po-i-e-^ion
of the yaul HNeivation. ot an> pail theism, luu> Sveii deliv-
ered to tin: said Steele, or u hethei it l* st 11 in po^e&sion o{
the Depattment.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
CONSULAR AGENT AT JAFFA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secietary of Slate, inclosing
a communication to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, m legard to the claim of tin; late consuku
agent at Jaffa, for alleged consular expenditui es;
which was referred to the Committee on i/oieign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed
CARMTCK AND RAMSEY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the Piesidont of Uk- United .States,
transmitting a report oi the Comptroller, with a
copy of a h'tter from Me^sia. Johnson & Wil-
liams in relation to the decision on the Carmiek &
Ramsey claim, which papers had been omitted to
be sent to Liu, House some days since with the
other papers on the Niiojeet; which w;n refrired
to the Committee on the Judiciaiy, and oidered
to be printed.
CONSUL AT BREMEN.
The SPEAKER aUo hud befoie the House a
letter from the Secretary of State, inclosing a
communication to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, in relation to increasing the
compensation of the United States consul at Bre-
men; winch was refeired to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES REY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a ;
communication from thw Secretary of State, rel- !
ative to an appropriation for the relief of Charles |
Rey, United tftnt^s consul at St. Martins; which j
wa.s referred to the Committee on Foreign Alfairs, :
and ordered to be printed. |
CONTINGENT EXPENSES IN KANSAS. j
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a ;
communication from the Srcretaiy of the Tieas- i
ury, incloKing^a report of the Comptroller of ecr- j
tain contingent expenses incurred m the Tern- j
tory of Kansas, and asking an appropriation
therefor; which was referred to the Committer of '
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed, i
Also a statement from the Treasury Department,
showing the disbursement of the pontingent fund
of said Department for the year ending,"June 30,
1850; which was laid upon the table, and oidered
to be printed.
OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 23d ultimo, a statement show-
ing the number and names of persons in the Navy
not actively employed, the length of time such
persons have been out of active employment, the
amount of salary received by them, and the rea-
sons for there not being actively employed on sea
duty; which was laid on the table,and ordered to
be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURNETT, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 14, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. S. P. Hill, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before'the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, direct-
ing him to report such changes in the laws regu-
lating postages and the Post Office Department as
in his opinion would make that a self-sustaining
Department; which,on motion ofMr. Hale, was
referred to the Committee on the Post OfHce and
Post Roads; and a motion by Mr. Yulef, to print
the report was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope not.
Mi. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Is it in order to
otlor that motion without unanimous consent?
The VfCE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses it is analogous to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
pass it. This day, I presume, will be given to pri-
vate bills, and I want to ask the Senate to-mor-
row to take up the appropriation bill which has
b°on reported. Unless we get on with the ap-
propi lation bills, we shall be too much hurried at
the clofe of the session.
Mr. IVERSON. Is the question on the motion
to adjourn until Monday debatable ?
Mr. HUNTER, it is a debatable question. A
motion to adjourn simply is not; but a motion to
adjourn over is debatable'.
Air. [VEIiSON. I only want to know whether
it is so, that I may debate it. With the Senator
from Virginia, I am opposed to the motion, and
desire to present some views to the Senate why
it ou^ht not to pass, but I did not know whether
it was debatable or not. I do not want to tres-
pass on the rules of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears to the
Chair that the motion is debatable within certain
limits; but if the question is made, it appears to
him, on reflection, that it may not be at this time
m order. It is not like a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. If I have a right to object, I
do object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, as at
present advised, will sustain the objection.
-\Ir. HALE. What is the objection?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That it is not at
this time m otder.
Mr. HALE. Why not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rules require
the Chair, as soon as the Journal is r<nd, to call
for petitions, and then for reports of standing
committees.
Mr. HALE. The practice has been different
ever since I have been jn the S 'nate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands it has been ruled differently.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ftlGLER presented the memorial of J. J.
Lints, praying compensation for his services as
custodian of the public property connected with
the improvement of the harbor at Erie, Pennsyl-
vania; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of P. B.
Templeton, asking compensation for reporting in
the case of Doctor George A. Gardiner, who was
tried for defrauding the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of James
and Theodore Waiters, praying that certain lots
in the 'city of Washington may be conveyed to
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of E.
George Squier, praying to be allowed the balance
of salary and outfits due him as charge d'affaires
to the Republics of Central America; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
Tilman Leak, praying that certain moneys, paid
by him for land which had been previously sold*
and patented by the United States to another
person, may be refunded, with interest; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of members of the Board of Agriculture of the
State of Indiana, praying that the bill' now be-
fore Congress, granting land for the establish-
ment of agricultural colleges in the States, may
become a law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Cennia S. Reynolds, widow of Thomas Rey-
nolds, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying re-
muneration for losses and sufferings during the
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HARLAN. I present two petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
new land district in that State; and as the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have acted on that sub-
! jeet, I move to lay the memorials on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, presented a petition of citi-
zens of Northumberland county, Pennsylvania,
praying the enactment of a law granting pensions
to the officers and soldiers of the war of 1812;
which was refei red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of the Merchants' Exchange Association
of the city of Washington, in favor of a charter
of incorporation for a company to,construct a
nuhoad from the navy-yard, along Pennsylva-
nia avenue, to Georgetown; which were referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia'.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. *
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
OrJao'l, That the lnenuuial of C. Ij. West ami others,
on the liles nt the Senate, pi.ivng that the benefits of tho
ae'-= pa-^ed Aiu'ir-t^l. Ifc\j2. and Apul 22, 1854, giving an
addition oi iwMity pei cent, to cei tam limited salaries, may
by extended, be iciuned to tne Committee on Claims.
1 CONTRACTS FOR LIVE-OAK TIMBER.
! Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
' turn; wluch was considered by unanimous con-
| sent, and agreed to:
! Resolved, Thar the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
! fiuMtd) the Senate copies o! n!i contracts ami advertise-
ment-* for conuaets made ibi live-oak timber since March
4, Jc57; to btate by wii.it aefhouty they vveie made; to
fuim-di schedules or all pmpo; ds made under the advertise-
ments oi May 2. and June 11. ISr-H ; to give the names
of the lowest biddeis to whom contiaet.-« weio awarded; to
slate wwthei any eontraelsneie abrogated, when, and for
;| what iva-on ; to ^t.ite it' any conti.iet^ wen; made foi iive-
; oak tmih'-i ri trie month of September, 1^53. and if so, with
■ \\ l<nm and by wii it authoiity; to state whethei the piesent
; confaetoi oi contiactni<, if any such exist, have complied
I with the towns uf hi-? or then contiact, in making deliveries
i of tunbei m tiie tune spmiieJ ; to state what quantity of
; j live-oik, if any. .tiici the dcr-enpuon thereof, wore lying in the
Norfolk, i'hilidHphia, Neiv 5fork. Charle^town, and Kit-
tijiy y .ids. :.t tiie date of the wiverti demerit for proposals, of
June J-!, 185b, and to whom the same belonged ; and, if such
tiinbet was .-<> lym? m >aul yaidr, whether it was the prop-
i city of p< ivatc individual-, aed if so, tor what purpose it was
1 thei{■. and by what uuthonry: to state whether the whole, or
! any p ntion, of said timbej, if such existed, was furnished
aerouimi,' to connactb made under piopo.-al> i-sued May 2,
l lef'T; whofhei rV whole, or any portn n<!, of the same, was
; lejected; whether it, oj, any portion of it, was receded un-
| dfjr any > ulKcqnent contiaet; to state whether the time al-
lowed for dehveimi? the timber, m tho advmti.-ement for
ind-', of June 1^. 18.1?, was the u^ual and customary time.
UPTON AND CO.'S CLAIMS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit the following res-
olution :
Purolvct'. That the Committee nn Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into tiie expediency of making an appro-
priation to cawv into etieet the twenty-iouitli section ot the
civil and diplomatic act of Maich 3, 18.35. by p-umg the
e'nims on file, oidered to be assessed by Messrs. Upton and
Summeyand Washington and Mason, commissioners, un-
der the Cherokee treaty of J8o5,
