MM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
touch more equally amongst sections than is sup-
posed. My State is one of the defaulting States,
according: to these statements, I believe as much
as Mississippi; it may be more; still, I do not be-
lieve but that she pays in proportion to the ser-
vice rendered, and I think this information would
tend to show that fact.' But, be that as it may, I
believe it would enable us to see whether some
general law might not be devised towards making
this whole Post Office machinery self-sustaining,
without operating injustice or gross inequality to
any section of the country.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not quite
agree with the Senator from Georgia that there it
any sound reason for the declaration that the Post
Office is any more bound to be a self-sustaining
institution than any other Department of the Gov-
ernment. I do not see why the Army, the Navy,
the Treasury, or the State Department, ought not
to be self-sustaining in the same degree, except
that you collect postages; but you collect revenue
for the general support of the Government. If
your postages are not sufficient to sustain your
Post Office Department, you are as much bound
to sustain that Department out of the general rev-
enues of the Government, as you are bound to
sustain any other Department, because you levy
your taxes upon the whole people. If you will
give us such post office laws as we demand, then
I am willing to make the Post Office Department
a self-sustaining machine; but if you come to me
with your vast northern power, with your num-
bers in the House of Representatives, arid reduce
the postages down to a mere fraction, and then
tell me that my people are to have no mails unless
the postages will sustain them, I do not conscnt
to it, in view of the fact that you levy taxes upon
us ad libitum everywhere else. Give us five cents
or ten cents postage; i do not cnie a sixpence if
you make it twenty cunts on a letter; my people
ao not cavil with you as to the price of the thing,
but they want you to carry it. They are not con-
tent that you shall reduce the postage to three
cents, get no revenue, and then make that an ex-
cuse for cutting olf their postal service; but if you
do it, then they demand'that you make the Post
Office Department a charge upofi the national
Treasury, into which they pour their millions
annually. If the Post Office is to be a self-sustain-
ing machine, levy postages sufficient to sustain
it; givu us a five-cent rate, give us a fen-cent rate,
give us a twenty-cent rate; go back to the old
twenty-five-cent system if you will; my people
never did complain of the amount they had to pay.
Their complaint has been that you have not fur-
nished them with mail facilities at any cost.
This proposition comes to me even through my
friend from Virginia, with a taint of suspicion
upon it—not from him; but when I find an in-
quiry as to whether post routes pay one half the
expense, I am brought to apprehend that next
year we shall have a proposition to discontinue
all that do not pay one half. Why, sir, the post
route between Philadelphia and New York would
pay double, treble, quadruple its expenses, at one
sixteenth of one cunt; those people would get
their mail facilities anyhow; but we that live in
sparsely-populated parts of the country, between
initial points where there is no gieat commercial
intercourse, would get very little postal service,
if we were restricted to the amount of our post-
•ge*. *
Now, sir, t want to put a case to my friend
from Virginia, who favois this inquiry. Take
the two points, New Orleans and Jackson, m my
State: how is the Postmaster General to arrive at
any just conclusion as to what that route pays?
New Orleans is the great commercial and financial
center of the Southwest. Jackson is the seat of
government of my own State. If you take the
intermediate points, the postages will be almost
nothing. How much aio you to take from the
two great termini; how much from New Orleans,
for the routes centering there; how much from
Jackson, for the routes terminating there? They
are important commercial, financial, and political
points in the two States. How are you to divide
the postages at the two points, between that par-
ticular route and other routes ? If you put a man
down to make a calculation, who wants to crush
out a route, he will always show you that it does
not pay one half.
i say, then, that when you get your informa-
tion it can by no possibility amount to anything.
What is the basis of calculation ? Take New
York and Albany. Who is to determine how
much the postages amount to between New York
and'Albany? How are you to start? The thing
is utterly impossible. If you only take the in-
termediate points and leave out the initial points,
then you arrive at no conclusion at all.- 1 do not
want the clerks in your Departments to be making
up calculations of this sort, which are to serve
as a basis for crushing out post routes in the sec-
tion of the country from which I come.
I say again, if you are prepared to give us a
postal system with rates of postage that will make
the Department a self-sustaining Department of
the Government, lam for that, and I am willing
to see it put upon that basis; but if you insist on
reducing the postage so as to adfcommodate the
mercantile community at the expense of the great
mass of the people, then I say the Post Office
Department must become a charge on the na-
tional Treasury. New York and Philadelphia
and Boston and Baltimore and Charleston and
other great commercial points, might very well
say: " We are content with one cent postage."
They would be just as well content with half a
cent; they would get their mail facilities anyhow;
but what are the great mass of the people who
live in the interior to do, if, under such a system,
you make the Post Office sustain itself? New
York, 1 find, is very well content to reduce the
postage to three cents; I have heard her Repre-
sentatives clamoi ing for a one-cent rate; but when
she wants ocean mail service, she comes and de-
mands it, not as tribute from the Post Office treas-
ury, but as "tribute from the national Treasury.
The hundreds of thousands, ay, the millions that
you pay for ocean mail service, are not charged
to the ^postages. I want to know whether my
friend from Virginia considers that the ocean
routes, which do not pay one half, are to be dis-
continued ?
Mr. HUNTER. We have a distinct report in
regard to the ocean routes. I am not proposing
to discontinue a route. 1 am merely asking for
information.
Mr. BROWN. I know the Senator commences
in that way. He only asks for information; but
if he is not going to base action on that informa-
tion, what does he want with it? If you do not
mean to discontinue the routes that do not pay
one half the expense of carrying the mails over
them, why do you want the information?
Mr HUNTER. I want to know if you can
do it beforehand ?
Mr. BROWN. J can tell the Senator before-
hand, that vast numbers of routes, in the South
and Southwest, do not pay one half the expense,
if you take only the initial points, because some-
times they run from a pine tree in one place to a
pine tree somewhere else; but they connect with
important routes. I could point out a dozen in
my own State that pass from point to point; where,
if you take the initial points, or the intermediate
points, the route, as named in the law, does not
pay anything, and yet itis important to make the
great connection of the mails from one prominent
point to another. I know a dozen that start where,
perhaps, there is only a little cross-road store, or
grocery, or some gentleman's house, where the
post office is kept. There you start your mail
and carry it to some other point, and pay four or
five hundred dollars for it, and the two initial
points will not pay twenty-five dollars a year post'
age; but it is an important Imk in mail connection
to keep up that route. Are you to break up the
service, and say to these people that they shall j
have no mails at all? The whole inquiry seems ]
to me to point to a discontinuance of mail routes !
that do not pay one half the expenses of cai rying !
the mail over ihem, or "it means nothing. If u !
means that, I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. RICE. I do not understand that the ef-
fect of the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Virginia will be to prevent the car-
rying of mails through regions where the post-
ages do not pav the expenses. Am I not right?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly; it only proposes
to collect information.
Mr. RICE. I think if there is one thing that
the Senate needs it is information upon thievery
subject. I know that my State does not pay. 1
know that it cannot, for several years to come,
pay the expense of carrying the mails; but I un-
derstand the manner in which contracts are let.
An instance came to my notice a very few days
ago. The contracts are usually given out after the
adjournment cfCongress; the Postmaster General
is left, in many instances, without a proper guide
to control him in* regard to the routes. I found
six routes in my State that were costing the Gov-
ernment from six to ten thousand dollars, which
were of no earthly use. Had I been consulted at
the time the contracts were made, or had I known
of the fact, I should have asked to have thera
discontinued at the .time; and when I found the
information which came to me accidentally, I re-
quested the Postmaster to discontinue them. He
did so; and J should be glad, so long as I have
the honor of a seat here, at every session to have
this information laid before me, so as to have the
unnecessary routes stricken from the list, in order
that those which are necessary may be put into
operation. I inquired in regard to one route,
where they were paying $4,000 a year, and not
three letters weie carried on it during the year,
I was informed that certain gentlemen repre-
sented to the Department that it was absolutely
necessary, that the country could not get along,
unless that route was put in operation. I knew
of my own knowledge that there was no more
necessity for it than there is for paying $4,000 a
year for carrying the mail from our post office
into the Senate Chamber, and not h&If as much.
I think this information is hierlfiy necessary and
highly important; and if this amendment is
adopted, I believe it would give us an opportu-.
mty of discontinuing the unnecessary routes, and
get service on those that are necessary.
Mr, DAVIS. If the object were to discontinue
all routes where the compensation was not equal
to the expense of carrying the mail, I should very
clearly understand the proposition; but that has
been so often disavowed, that it would be idle to
consider it in that connection. My friend from
Virginia announces, and with great distinctness,
that his object is to make the Post Office Depart-
ment self-sustaining. That being the object, I do
not perceive the necessity of inquiring whether a
route pays one half the expense of carrying the
mail or not. It is from no apprehension of an
inquiry into the postal service of the State of
Mississippi that I object to it; for that postal ser-
vice is of the very poorest and lowest kind. Gen-
tlemen vaunt the coaches and four horses. We
have one or two stage lines; and on those, in th©<
winter, the mails are carried on a little uncovered
wagon or box. Most of our mails are carried on
horseback, in saddle-bags—weekly mails. I do
not believe the statement which has been so often
announced here; I do not believe itis to be drawn
from a correct return of the postal service within
that State, of which so much has been said in the
course of the debate. But whether that be so or
not, this is not an inquiry which leads us to the
point of making the postal service self-sustaining.
The inquiry as to whether offices are necessary
or not, whether routes are necessary or not, is
not to be settled by ascertaining the amount of
postage derived from a particular route. There-
fore, 1 see no advantage to be gained by the vast
volumes of returns which this inquiry will re-
quire; the great accumulation of figures which
few, if an J*, will ever read.
My friend from Georgia, somewhat sensitive,
as his remarks implied, at the idea that this was
not statesmanship, goes on to prove to me that my
view was not statesmanship; and convinces me
that, though he has those innate ideas of which
he has spoken, they have not been reduced to
logical sequences. "He says the defense of the
country is a unit. Why? A unit, because the
States surrendered to the Federal Government the
subject of national defense; they have devolved
upon the Federal Government the duty to provide
for the national defense, and it thus becomes a
unit. The States and the people having confed-
erated together, and devolved upon their general
agent that, as one ofits duties. How does it stand
in relation to the postal service ? Have the States
the right to establish their own post offices, and
their own post routes, and provide for the trans-
portation of their own mails ? Not at all. The
same instrument which granted the power to pro-
vide for the national defense, granted also the
power to establish post offices and post roads. The
Federal Government has as complete charge of
the one as the other, and it is as much the duty
of the Federal Government to provide for the one
