1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
Mr. BIGLER, and others. There is a question
before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit to the Chair that
there cannot be two questions before the Senate
at the same time. There is a motion now pend-
ing, and surely it is not competent to submit any
other motion pxceptone prescribed by the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the opinion
of the Chair. At this time, the motion is not in
order.
Mr. HALE. Before that decision is made, I
wish to state what the uniform practice has been.
There is alwayssomethingpendmg; butamotion
to adjourn over has always been considered in the
Friday in the session to the consideration of the
private claims, and to them exclusively.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall be reluctantly com-
pelled to vote against this motion. I admit that
there are some claims on the Calendar, within my
knowledge, which ought to be passed; and there
are others that no doubt ought to be disposed of;
but still I think the Pacific railroad bill ought to
be decided. It has been before us; it obstructs
the general business of the Senate; it has occu-
pied a great deal of time; and if we keep at it
continuously until we dispose of it, I think we can
dispose of it soon. It is on that ground, because
I think the general business of the Senate, con
nature of a privileged question, and it has hereto- " neeted with the general interests of the country,
a...~  1 .h„  u— , W1j[ j^e fdCi!itated by keeping one subject contin-
1 uously before us until it is disposed of, that I feel
constrained to vote against this motion.
Air. HAMLIN, i hope the Senate will deem
i it wise to proceed to the consideration of the Pri-
| vate Calendar. These various claims are sepa-
| rate; they are distinct; they can embody no great
vote in tho Senate like a great public question for
; their consideration; and it has. therefore, ahvoys
1 been deemed wise by Congress to appropriate
i certain specific days for their consideration. The
railroad bill has overstrodc every thing, like a Co-
: lossns, for the whole session; and God only can
. tell how much longer it wiii last; I think the whole
I session. I see no more hope of approaching the
end of the question than 1 did the fiist day of the
i session. We have almost forty different propo-
| siuons here; and they are to be taken up seriatim,
j and acted on and amended; and substitute after
: substitute is to come up to he perfected. Now,
| sir, I have sat here and listened to the debate; I
have not opened ray lips on that great question;
I do not propose to do so; but I hope that, gieat
as it may be, and important, as it the pnvate
claims which have merit and justice, m my hum-
ble judgment, and vastly mure of merit and of
j! justice than though they were regulated by strict
|i legal principles, will receive the favorable consid-
\\ eration of the Senate. There arc hundreds of
them on the Calendar which appeal to the head
ij and to the heart for the action of Congress; but,
!j if theie is not merit in them, let us consider them
11 Arid reject them, if they have merit,let us yield
|| them that favoiable action to which they arc cn-
II titled.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I rather con-
fore been made in the morning hour. We have
had a new dispensation of the law this morning.
I do not mean to say that it is not right, but only
that it is new; and if the Chdir shall decide that
the motion is not nowin order,that, together with
the former decision, will be tantamount to saying
that it shall never be made. I should like some
of the older members to inform the Chair as to
the practice, if the Chair is in doubt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairwil! state
to the Senator fiom New Hampshire, that he
never knew the question to be made before this
morning. He is informed by the Secretory that
i't has been ruled by previous Presiding Officers
not to be in the nature of a motion to adjourn;
not to be a privileged motion. •
Mr. GWiN. I do not want to oppose the con-
sideration of private bills; I do not want to in-
terfere with them m any way whatever; but I do
not wish to be considered as wanting in diligence
in pressing this greatquestion of the Pacific rail-
road to a final vote, and having it disposed of by
the Senate. It seems to me the best plan we can
adopt will be to dispose of it to-day. I wished
it done yesterday. I am willing to sit here until
the question is -entirely disposed of. We have
had along discussion on it, and I am anxious to
have a vote. It is not because I desire to inter-
fere with private bills—that I insist on that, fori
want them disposed of; but it seems to me we
have progressed with the discussion of the rail-
road bill to such a point that we can come to a
vote to-day.
Mr. IVEPvSON. I will give the gentleman from
California bond and good security, (and I think
every Senator will sign the bond,) that nobody
will suspect him of want of vigilance in prosecut- I; eur with the Senator from Maine who has just
ing the Pacific railroad bill, even if the Private J taken his seat. As to these various propositions
Calendar shall he taken up to-day and shall push
that bill aside. He has manifested too much anx-
iety for the passage of the railroad bill to create
any suspicion of the least negligence in his duty
in this respect, i trust the Private Calendar will
be taken up, and that we shall do something to-
wards considering the claims of individuals.
Mr. TOOMBS. YvTe have scarcely done any-
thing else this session but discuss the Pacific rail-
road. It has been discussed mainly and almost
exclusively by its friends. I hope we shall goon
and get through with it. It is time we were going
into the business of the country. We have a great
deal of necessary legislation to do. So far as this
great multitude of just claims of which gentlemen
speak are concerned, there is agreat mistake; the
Government pays all legal claims, or ninety-nine
out of a hundred of them, and of all that batch on
your Calendar nineteen out of twenty are only ap-
peals to the sympathy or generosity of Senators
here to pay public money without any merit.
We ought to devore the time we have loft—and
it is but little—to the public business, and dispose
of those questions which we have been debating.
It is the habit of the Senate to debate, from day
to day, what is called a great question—the Pacific
railroad bill. K is a magnificent question, but
perhaps 1 do not use the term in the sense the
Senator from California understands it. I am
anxious that the Senate shall go on to vote; pass
it if you can, or l-l us defeat it if we are able. _ I
think the private !,ills can wait until the weightier
matters of public business arc transacted.
Mr. DOOLITTLR. I concur entirely with
what has fallen from the Senator from Georgia.
I think we shall gain time by pushing the Pacific
railroad matter until we come to a decisive vote;
and I am willing to«sav to those who wish to ad-
vocate private bills, and are anxious to have them
disposed of, that I am willing, after the Pacific
railroad bill shall be disposed of, to set apart each
let every man find his own ueuisit brn
own loophole. 1 am for a Pacific rail;
about the Pacific railroad, I suppose that here
among ourselves the thing ought to be pretty
well understood by this time. The forty propo-
sitions are nothing else than nieandermgs and
routc-s to gel out of the responsibility of under-
taking what we ought not to undeuake to do.
Coming ilatly down to the point, there is not a
man, 1 presume—of course I mean nothing per-
sona! to any man who has dilated on the subject
—who seriously thinks we ran pass any such
measure at this time. This magnificent scheme
of a Pacific uulroad reminds me of the man who
went to the jockey's to buy ahorse, and they asked
him £,5,1)00 tor if. Said he: '• All right, butPhave
not got tne money; in eddition to that, if 1 had,
it is too high a price: I have thiileen reasons for
not buying it." "Just stop, the fu^t reason is
quite enough. " [Laughter.] We have not got
the money to make the road, and the thing is to
go overboard at last, and you mean to meander
out of it. Let ii<5 attend to the nnvaie claims, and
bridge and his
road when-
ever you fix it to suit me and everybody el&c, but
it will never be fixed right. We all know thotis
going to be the termination of the thing. There
has been enough ridiculous obstruction to the pub-
lic business from it already, 1 thfiik, to justify us
in laying it by; and notwithstanding what my
Iricud from Georgia [Mr. Iyerson] pays, those
widows who are petitioningfor pensions and other
claims have a small chance. Everybody is for a
road; I am for a road, too, but 1 want to be un-
derstood in the right sense.
The question being taken on Mr. Iverson's
motion by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas24^nays
3'2; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Bute*, Benjamin, Brown, Cameron,
Ciaik, Clay, Crittenden, Fe&sendeii, I'lUpdUick, Green,
Hamlin, Hou-ton, Iluntei, Ivci*oii, Jotinsmi of Aikan^u-,
Polk, i'tigli.lteid; Sebastian, fc>hiekU, Slnlell, '1 hompsoii ot
Kentucky, Wade, and Yulce—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Bigler, Bright,
Broderiek, Chandler, Chesnut,Clin man, Collamer.DixojS,
Doolmle, Douglas, Foot. Foster, Gwin, Hate, Hainmond,
Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,--King. A$aHo :y,.
Rice, Seward, Simmons,, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull. Wil-
son, and Wrigbt—-32. . - J
So the Senate refused to take up the Private
Calendar.
PACIFIC RAILUOA.D-
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of,the
United States to contract for the tvansportatioa
of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California, the
ponding question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Harlan, to strike out and insert
" 37" in the amendment of Mr. Wilson, which
| is to strike out, in the ninth and tenth lines of the
first section, the words, " the most eligible route, -
reference being had to feasibility, shortness,'and
economy," and insert, 44 the shortest practicable
•route between the parallels of latitude 34^ and
43°;" so that the section will read:
BeitcnacteJ^c.j That the President of the United States
be,and ho thereby, authorized and directed to enter into
a corm.ict tot the tiansportation of the mails, troops, sea-
men, munition-* of war. Army and Kavv supplies, and all
othei Govei nment sei vice, by tuihoad, irom a point on the
Mi-^oini nver, between the mouths nf the Big Sioux and
Kansas rivers, to San Fratici&co, in the State of California,
on the'shomM practicable route between the parallels of
latitude 31" and 43°.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, '
resulted—-yeas 19, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messr-i. Allen, ftroderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Ooliamer, Doolutle, Durkee, Fesseuden, Foster,
Hale, Hamlin. Harlan, Jones, King, Pugli, Simmons,
TrimibnIJ. and Wade—ID.
NAYS—Messrs Bates, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bialer,
Bright, Browi^ChesnutjCiay'Chnsrman, Crittenden,Doug-
las, Fitch, Fitzpatneic, Green,Gwm, Hammond, Hunter,
Ivej^on, Johnson of Arkansa*, Johnson of Tennessee,
Malloiy. Ma^on, Polk, Reid, Sebastian, Seward, Slidcll,
Stuau, Thomp.-on of Kentucky, Toombs, Ward, Wilson,
Wnght, and Yulee—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question iccurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wilson.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the State
of Michigan has instructed her Senators to vote
for a Pacific railroad; she has also instructed them
to vote foranortheni Pacific railroad. I am will-
ing so far to deviate from those instructions as
to vote for a central route; but I am not willing
to deviate so far as to take the extreme southern
route. I would vote for a Pacific railroad on the
central route, because I deem it to be the best
route, $nd, at present, the only practicable route
for a railroad to the Pacific.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
made two propositions yesterday that seemed to
me to be utterly incompatible with each other.
He said:
I am willing to leave the route, after the termini are
fixed, to the eomnictors or capitalists wiio are to invest
their money in the woik."
And again he said:
" Make your Irgiol.itioii fair, equal, just: and then, if the .
Almiahty ha* de eliminated yyamot either, let him complain
of tlx; laws of Cod who ri!oo"-'\s to do it; but it is not my
nam of thought oi disposition."
The Senator proposes to donate to certain spec-
ulators twenty sections of land, woith, by exper-
iment, ten dollars an acie; for wherever railroads
have ran through good land, they have increased
the value of that land to ton dollars per acre in
every instance. He also pioposes to give, in ad-
dition to the twenty sections of land, $12,500 per
mile in money, to a set of speculators, and then
turn them into this domain, and say to them, " go
where you will; do what you please; run through
this valley; do not cross that mountain ;iangc any-
| where; take all the land of this nation, if you sec
; fit;" and then the laws of God have settled it! He
| had better have said, leave it to the demon of ava-
| rice, rather than to the laws of God. What have
I the laws of God to tko with a set of speculators
I who will take this road to build? Why, sir, look
I for a moment at the proposition. You are to give
j twenty sections of kind, or twelve thousand eight
! hundred acres per mile; you are to donate to these
' speculators $12,500 in cash. Computing the land
j at ten dollars per acre, which is a iow estimate for
1 these valuable lands through the valley of the
! Kansas, for instance, you give $140,500 pee mile
! to these men, making it their interest to run the
