1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28.
rying civilization, the whole thing ran up to six
or ten million dollars per annum from theTreas-
ury, and it will go on to $20,000,000 if yoa carry
civilization. As long as you carry letters and
newspapers, you can bring it under some sort of
rule. My friend from Vermont, when he was
Postmaster General, carried newspapers and let-
ters. He did not think of carrying civilization.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not doing it in that way.
Mr. TOOMBS. The present Postmaster Gen-
eral totes civilization in his mail bags, and lets it.
out all over the Indian country, going to the Pa-
cific ocean. [Laughter.] That does not bring
any money, and I do not think it will ever be of
any use. I do not know what a Troy coach and
four horses will do in civilizing Indians or white
people, except that it will enable some of them,
perhaps, to find seats in the national Capitol.
I say that the public defense is not only a unit,
but indivisible; but the postal arrangements are
divisible, and they have been divided from 1789
until within the last few years, and we never de-
parted from that idea until we came upon evil and
vicious times. In 1851, since we departed from
the system, we have gone on from a deficiency of
about two hundred thousand dollars until the pres-
ent Postmaster General has, in his two years, run
from $5,000,000 to $10,000,000 deficiency for the
internal carrying of the mails. I will not pay it.
I would rather never see a four-horse Troy coach
in my State than pay it. It is not worth the
money. It may amuse the Indians or the negroes
along through my country, but it does not pay.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] says
he has to support his own mail. That is very
common all through my country. I have had to
do it myself. The mail comes to a village, and the
people in a certain neighborhood agree with the
postmaster that they will provide for carrying it
from there to themselves, and they pay the mail
rider for doing it. I suppose that is what the
Senator means. That is very common in Geor-
gia. The Department not having more money
than it could spare, told us "you may go to this
village and get your mail, paying for it your-
selves." It is just the same as our hiring a man
to bring us qui- mail. 1 never complained of it,
because, if the PostOffice Department does a thing
of that kind for the convenience of my neighbors
and myself, I think we should pay lor it, and I
have always done so with the greatest pleasure.
I do not think you ought to run a four-liorse
Troy coach to bring my mail to my estate at the
public expense, when the amount of revenue will
not justify it; and therefore I have done the same
thing that the Senator from Mississippi has, and
I have done if cheerfully, and approved the policy
that made me do it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator entirely mistakes
the case which I was describing. The case is
that of a river mail, whero your laws prevent the
boats from landing a planter's letters; and it is
only by getting a special post office, and then get-
ting rid of the PostOffice Department and making
a special contract, that we can get such service as
answers the purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I supposed you had aland
mail. 1 am a land-lubber.
-Mr. DAVIS. Therefore your description of
the case did not apply.
Mr. TOOMBS. But it amounts to the same
thing. You had no post office, and you wanted
one where the regulations of the Department
would not let it go. They would not let a mail
come to us until we agreed to pay the expense of
bringing it there. 1 do not ask Mr. Brown to
send a four-horse Troy coach to my neighbor-
hood ; I do not think it would be the fair thing to
do it, when we can have the necessary service
done for fifty dollars a year. I suppose a four-
hot se coach, at the rates of the overland mall,
would cost the Government $10,000 a year, and
we can get our service for ftfiy dollars per an-
num. The thing is going on upon too magnifi-
cent a scale. Postage ought to be paid by those
who are benefited by it. Congress has the right
to establish post roads; and how the mails shall
be carried is a matter within the discretion of
Congress. It is my judgment, that when we can
get what 1 would call a wise Congress, they will
put this service out in the different States for what
it can be done for, and remove the inconvenience
of the Senator from Mississippi, and that of a
great many other people. I want to get rid of this
thing of one man paying for the letters of another
man, and I will do it according to the best plan I
can find.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senate allow me to
modify my amendment? With the consent of
the Committee on Finance I modify the amend-
ment, by striking out that portion in regard to
routes that do not pay more than half their ex-
penses, and keeping the other portion, .which re-
lates to the coast service and star bids.
Mr. TOOMBS. Keep it all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
keep it all.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; we will try it.
Mr. YULEE, I think some injustice is done
to the Postmaster General. The excess of ex-
penditure over the receipts of the Department is
not to be charged altogether upon him, nor even
at all upon him. It is chargeable to the vicious
legislation of Congress; not only to the act of
1851, but to the acts which have been passed
sirtce that time, establishing, without any re-
straint whatever, routes in every direction, which
have imposed upon him the duty of establishing
those very costly routes to which the Senator
from Georgia refers as fighting the Indians with
coaches. The overland mails were established
by law, and not by the Postmaster General; and
the excess of expenditures over the receipts did
not commence with the present Postmaster Gen-
eral, nor have they swollen inordinately under
his administration. They commenced much ear-
lier The excess of expenditure in 1855-56, was
$3,487,000; in 1856-57, $4,153,000; in 1857-58,
$5,234,000; and all these excesses of expendi-
tures over receipts were of his predecessors, and
not chargeable upon him. At every successive
session, the predecessor of the present Postmaster
General and the present Postmaster General have
called the attention of Congress to the effect of
the legislation of 1851, establishing low rates of
postage, and to other vicious items in the legis-
lation of Congress, which necessarily throw the
Department upon the Treasury.
1 am sure, Mr. President, that no officer of the
Government, no person connected with the ad-
ministration of the Government, will be more re-
joiced than the Postmaster General at any reform
in the legislation that will bring to a nearer ap-
proach the expenditures and receipts of his De-
partment. I have no doubt it will be acceptable
and agreeable to him that the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance, limiting his discre-
tion in the expenditure of money in the next year,
has been made. I, myself, approve it. I hope
that the Postmaster General will be able to live
up to it. If the limit is too great, as perhaps it
may be, if it is too sudden, some provision may
be made at the next session, as the chairman of
the Finance Committee proposes, to meet the de-
ficit.
But, sir, while I sympathize with the amend-
ment which is now under consideration, or at
least in the object which the chairman has in view
in the amendment now before the Senate, I think
it will be utterly useless. I think that the reform
in the number of routes, that the discretion in
routes must not begin here, and cannot be profit-
ably or advantageously exercised in Congress.
It must be in the Department. It is there that
the discretion must be used in the discovery and
discontinuance of routes which are useless, and
in the reduction of service upon routes upon
which this service is excessive. I hold in my
hand a substitute which, if adopted, together with
the limitation which has already been adopted at
the instance of the Finance Committee, will, I
think, accomplish all the objects which the Sen-
ator from Virginia has in view, and every good
object. It will throw upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral the necessity and duty of exploring for him-
self the routes which do not pay, and which may
properly and profitably be discontinued without
injury to the public service, and will enable him
to reduce, within proper limits, the expenses of
the Department.
The amendment which I have drawn proposes
to repeal the seventh section of the act of 1851,
which, as the Senator from Vermont has justly
stated, lies at the bottom of all the fault in the
working of the postal system. It was that clause
of the act of 1851 which obliged the Postmaster
General to go on with increased expenditures,
without regard to the reduction of receipts. I
have prepared an amendment which will repeal
that section, and 1 move it as a substitute for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, which I hope he will accept, and, at all
events make the experiment; for I am well assured
thatalthough he may obtain from the Department
some report, and perhaps a very voluminous re-
port, in respect to the routes, he will obtain noth-
ing that will be useful to him or to Congress in
guiding its legislation in reference to the reduction
of routes. As has been stated by the Senator
from Mississippi, it would be perfectly impossible
for any officer to determine what portion of the
income upon any long route, or upon any con-
tinuation of links of routes, is due to any qne of
the links that compose it. The whole service is a
net-work—all of them connected, and all of them
mutually dependent. It is impossible to separate
the income Ctpon each route so as to compare it
with the expenditure with any justice or utility.
I propose, as a substitute:
That the seventh -section of the act approved March 3,
1851, entitled, " An act to reduce and modify the rates of
postage in the United States, and for other purposes, be,
and id hereby, repealed."
I will read again the section, as some Senators
may not have been listening when it was read by
the Senator from Vermont:
"Sec. 7. And be U further enacted, That no post office now
in existence bliall be disc >ntinued, nor shall the mail ser-
vice or any mail route in any of the States or Territories be
discontinued or diminished, in consequence of any dimi-
nution of the revenues that may result from this act; and
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
new post offices, and place the mail service on any new
mail routes established, or that may hereafter be established,
in the same manner as though this act had not passed."
That is the provision which I propose te re-
peal , and that will enable the Postmaster General
to resist the pressure upon him to exercise a dis-
cretion in the establishment of routes and in the
discontinuance of routes, and that in connection
with the limitation upon his income, which has
already been provided by the amendment reported
from the Committee on Finance, will accomplish,
practically, all the objects which 1 think the Sen-
ator from Virginia desires.
Mr. HUNTER. I will vote for the amend-
ment 
Mr. STUART. The Senator is offering it as
a substitute for the amendment of the committee.
I wish to suggest to him not to do that, but to of-
fer it as a separate proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will offer
it as an independent proposition, and I will mod-
ify my amendment by striking out the first part
of it, so that it will read:
Resolved. That the Postmaster Geoera! shall report the
routes in operation, upon which the expenses might be re-
duced, if the service were performed with a single view to
the transportation of the mail with due celerity, certainty,
and security.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question pend-
ing is on the amendment to that amendment.
Mr.STUART. The modification oftheamend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, as chairman
of his committee, makes it unnecessary for me to
press mine, and 1 am entirely willing to withdraw
it; but I wish to say a few words, and only a very
few, in regard to this proposition. It wotild be
found, if the information sought for were fur-
nished to Congress, that almost every Senator
who has spoken here on the subject, in my hum-
ble judgment, would be mistaken in regard to the
facts. The honorable Senator from Virginia seems
to be under a misapprehension. The honorable
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] not now
in his seat, has stated a case which he supposed
to be a very strong illustration, in regard to the
expense of carrying the mail from here to New
York. Now, sir, I presume that the postages
received on that route will not pay one quarter of
the expense of carrying the mail. I venture the
opinion that there is not a mail service in the Uni-
ted States.that pays its expenses; not one; and I
wish the information to show the fallacy of all
this reasoning. I think I may say safely that
there is not a ruilioad service that pays its ex-
penses, or comes anywhere near it. In making
the computation at the Post Office Department,
they do not give you all the income of the New
York office and the Philadelphia and Baltimore
office. They are not able to do that. They di-
vide the income of those offices in proportion to
the routes that leave those points respectively. If
there are one hundred routes leaving New York,
