1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
without a railroad, for more than five dollars per
acre on an average. I have been over this land,
and I know that some of it to-day, in large lots,
is selling for thirty or forty dollars an acre. The
contractors under this bill, on the eastern divis-
ion, can build the Toad, and they will receive
twelve thousand eight hundred acres of land, and
$12,500 in money to the mile; and they can sell
their land at from five to ten dollars an acre with-
out any trouble. They will get from six to sev-
en million dollars in cash, and as many acres of
land for making a road, such as I have suggest-
ed; and they can make on that branch of the road,
from fifteen to thirty million dollars. You can
get a body of men in this country, who will take
a contract to construct such a road for five hull-
red miles, and make an immense fortune when
they have done it. All the security you have by
this bill, is the security of a road that is not
worth anything to you or to them. They will
thank you to take it off their hands. This is your
only security under this bill.
Now, I propose to divide the grant. If they go
towards the mountains over the central route on
the thirty-ninth or fortieth parallels, they pass up
the Kansas or Platte rivers over a rich and beau-
tiful country. If they go by the way of Albu-
querque, they pass over a rich country for five or
six liundied miles until tfciey strike the Canadian
river. If they pass up north, and they arc about as
likely to connect with tlio comet of last autumn
as to go in that direction, they pass through good
land there. In any way they choose to go, the
road is to pass through rich country for the first
five hundred miles. Now, Ictus call that the first
division; give them the alternate sections of land
on thatdivision, and take the $12,500a mile which
the bill proposes to give them on that first divis-
ion, and put it on the western and central divis-
ions where it will cost an immense sum of money
to build the road. Let us pile this money on the
Rocky Mountains and on the Sierra Nevada; let
us put the money where wo need it. Unless on
the western and centra! divisions there be a temp-
tation to go on, we shall not get a road there, be-
cause they can build the railroad for the lands in
the eastern division and make an immense for-
tune, and they will stop when they have com-
pleted that division. Let us give them the twelve
thousand eight hundred acres of land per mile
for the first iive hundred miles, and let theui stait
wherever they please. Their let us add the $12,500
per mile that the bill proposes to grant on the
eastern division, to the central and western divis-
ions, and make those about equal. If you look
over the map, you will find that if you should
pass over the central route you pass through moun-
tains; so, if you take a route to the South Pass
you have to go through a hard portion of coun-
try for building a railroad. The western portion
of it, in California and through the Carson val-
ley in thi'-t direction, is a section of country whcio
it will C0"t money to build a load. I I Link we
should put the money there, for the first five hun-
dred miles on the eastern division will be an easy
and cheap portion to build.
If the amendment which I have now offered
shall prevail, 1 mean to follow it up by proposing
that we give no money to the first section, but
that we add what is proposed for that to the other
sections, and not give the land in the middle di-
vision, which is of little value, which is reported to
be worthless by your surveyors, not arable land.
I shall piopose to give the land oier the eastern
and western sections, and ^40,000 to the mile m
the middle section, which may be half enough to
build it I thinkthis is in perfect harmony with
the amendment of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania,
in harmony with the sentiments he has expressed
in his speech, and certainly it carries out the idea
that I entertained and expressed here, that the
difficulty in this matter was to get the security
that you would carry the road through. We can
easily yuu't; the loniptdtioii is u> cninincnce
this road in any dnection, but under tins 1ml the
temptation Is ereatc to stop when they have got
into the poor country, where it costs ail immense
sum of money to build the road, to keep laborers
there, to carry the material necessary to construct
the road there, and where the land has not one
twentieth part of the value that it has on the first
four or five hundred miles. I offer this pioposi-
tion in good faith, to carry out the objects indi-
cated by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BIGLER If I can secure the attention of
the Senate for a few minutes, I think I can pre-
sent the object which I have in view in the amend-
ment so clearly, that we need not misunderstand
each other hereafter. I see the object-vvhich the
Senator from Massachusetts has in view, and I
shall speak of it presently.
One of the objections presented against the ori-
ginal bill was, that whilst the ndueements were
perhaps quite sufficient to secure the construction
of the eastern and western divisions or parts of
this proposed road, the aid offered was entirely
insufficient so far as regards the middle division, o'r
mountain range. The object of my amendment is
to overcome that objection. By the original bill
the contractors who construct the road from the
eastern terminus to the mountain range, and from
the western terminus to the mountain range,would
receive title to all the land, except one fourth of
one section of twelve miles, which would be twen-
ty-four thousand acres, and receive the bonds in
full, which would be about three hundred thousand
dollars on each section. At that point the work
i could be abandoned, there being no obligation on
I the contractors to pursue the work further, and
i no sacrifice if they should not do so. The amend-
ment which I propose is to have this effect: that
; one fourth of the land on the western as well as
on the eastern division is to be retained as a guar-
antee for the completion of the middle division;
that which lies through the sterile or barren coun-
try.
In the next place, I propose to increase the
amount of compensation in money on the middle
[ division, instead of giving the lands; and no lands
will be given on the lino of the middle division.
The reason of this policy, to my mmd, is that
those lands, until some improvement of this kind
j shall be made, will be of no value. They offer
j no inducements to the pioneer; tliey \jjili not in-
vite population; and you have to invert the order
! of progress and civilization, and put the railroad
in advance. Honce it wrll require money; it will
require prompt means; and the lands will not an-
swer the purpose. If these lands be valuable, it
is because they are mineral lands—those which
; the Government has not been willing to give.
Now, as for the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts, m the mam, I agree, that if my
proposition is defective at all, it is that trie in-
; ducements offered for the middle division are yet
insufficient; that perhaps the land and the bonds
, which are to bo issued on the eastern and western
divisions arc more than equal to the provisions
which I have proposed for the central division;
but I suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts
whether the remedy he proposes is the proper
one. Although the'lands, especially on the east-
ern division, arc more valuable than they are in
the mountain region, and will doubtless be very
valuable at no remote period, the Senator must
take notice that wc must commence this work,
and it never can be begun on lands; there must
bo capital in hand, or capital at command when a
portion of it shall be completed.
If additional security for the completion of the
middle division is necessary, I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that, instead of hu prop-
1 osition, which would take away from the eastern
division all opportunity of getting money except
1 from the land's, it would be better to retain a larger
proportion of the land on the eastern division. I
have provided in my amendment that one fourth of
, the land on the eastern division shall be retained
as a guarantee for the completion of the middle
division. Would not the Senator from Massachu-
setts better accomplish his end by proposing to re-
! tain one half of the land on the eastern division for
: that guarantee > There are many considerations
1 that would constrain me to favor this suggestion
; rather than that which lie proposes. I tinnk he
I at oncc cripples the enterprise, by taking away
. from it immediate means.
' Then, again, there is another influence to be
considered. If the lauds be reserved on the east-
ern and on the western divisions, unt.l the road
shall have been constructed through those divis-
. ions, and until the work shall be commenced on
the central division, you see that those lands must
necessarily derive great value from that improve-
ment. The company coahl not part with them,
! and all the settlements that would be drawn into
l that region would be giving value to the country,
[ and would be increasing the guarantee which the
Government would have that this work would be
ultimately completed. I therefore am very de-
cidedly of the opinion, that if my amendment is to
be altered with,the views which the Senator freih
Massachusetts has, it would be better tt> rose rye,
on the eastern division, one half the lands, as 6.
guarantee, and, if needs be, one half on the "west-
ern division. I make this suggestion to the Sen-
ator, and I hope he will prefer it, because his
amendment will prevent the company, on thecom-
pletion of a section, from receiving any bonds.
It will beaserious impediment in the way of com-
mencing the work. %
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is to be no further
discussion on the question now pending, of course
I have no objection to the vote being taken. I de-
sire to have the vote, and not to make speeches,
and I will give way for that purpose. I have
some amendments that I propose to offer, but; I
hope the vote may be taken.
Mr. WILSON. In deference to the sugges-
tions that have been made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania and others, I will modify my first
amendment; but I intend to move some others to
carry out the object. I propose now that the
words " of equal length" shall be stricken out in
the third line; and after the word " middle," in
the fourth line, to insert " the eastern and western
divisions shall bo five hundred miles an length
each, and the remainder shall be called the mid-
dle division." If this be adopted, I shall go on
further to propose-that we impose such restric-
tions on the eastern division as will give us the
benefit of having all the good lands between hero
and California go to the construction of the road.
On the western division there is a little good land.
Then I shall move to strike off the money grant
on the eastern division, or else retain a large part
of the land—at least one half of it—until the other
divisions are made. Every man who knows the
condition of that country, knows tliat'tvhich
over way you choose to go on the eastern side,
there will be millions' worth of land granted. I
desire to save that land, to be used for the pur-
pose of carrying a railroad across this continent.
I am for putting that money upon the western
and upon the middle divisions.
The amendment to tlie amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose, also, to move
an amendment to the first section of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, by inserting at the end of the section the fol-
lowing proviso;
Provided,also, Tliat any contract winch may be entered
into shall, liefoie it takes effect, be submittal by the Presi-
dent to the Congress of the (limed States, and shall take
effect from and alter its ratification by act or joint resolution
of Congress.
I do not desire to discuss the question, but
simply to call the attention of Senators to the
proposition. It is, that after proposals shall bo
made by the bidders, and the President shall make
the contract, the subject shall come before Con-
gress, that we may see what the contract is, and
vote for or against it, as we like. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
I The yeas and nays were ordered,
i Mr. iTtUMBULL. This is another effort to
; take the selection of the route from the discretion
! of the President.' The votes taken this morning
1 refusing to limit the line of this road, I regard as
I decisive of the fate of the bill. A majority of the
members of the Senate favorable to the construc-
tion of a Pacific railroad are opposed to leaving
the matter entirely at the discretion of the Presi-
1 dent. I shall riot go over the argument made by
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamek] yes-
' terday, or that which I had the honor to submit
' to the Senate a few days ago, to show that tbo
bill, as reported by the Senator from Califorma,
leaves the selection of the route entirely to the
: discretion of the President. It is not left to the
' contractors, as I understand the bill. It has been
i proposed to limit the route, so that we may know,
I if but one road is to be built, that it shall be a
! road which will be national in its character, and
| calculated to accommodate the wholecountry. An
j effort has been made to limit it across the conti-
! nent within certain parallels of latitude, first be-
| tween 37° and 43°, and, upon the failure of that,
I between 31° and 43°. Cy a union of the oppo-
| nents of any railroad bill, (who I believe to a man
