1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
little. The growth was commensurate with the
increase in the railroad service, which has grown,,
within the last ten years, some twenty thousand
miles in length of route beyond what it was in
3848. These route agents and mail messengers
have been very much incident to that service.
My attention was called to the subject, as the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is aware,
and we made an effort to effect some radical re-
duction at the Department; but found, upon in-
quiry, that it was impossible, without reorganiza-
tion, to make the changes which any material
reduction would require. The route agents are
used upon the railroads. The mail messengers
are used to convey the mail from railroad stations
to post offices that are not immediately in the
vicinity of the stations.
The mail messengers number fourteen hundred
and sixty-four; the route agents four hundred and
forty; and the local agents forty-two. The cost
is $576,000. T should suppose that an appropri-
ation of $500,000 nosv, commences a reduction,
which would be as much as you could safely
make. You cannot very well dispense with them.
They have become interwoven with the system
of railroad service, and you cannot make a sudden
change. In fact, the Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral who has charge of the contract service, says
it is indispensable; that they are, in fact, travel-
ing postmasteis; that much of the distribution of
the mail has been made up in the cars upon the
journey. I would remark, also, that most of these
employes, or route agents and mail messengers,
are in the northern and northwestern States. Of
the whole two thousand, or nineteen hundred and
seventy and odd, to which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts referred, there are only throe hundred,
including mail messengers, that are employed m
the southern and southwestern cities. The re-
duction would be almost entirely in the northern
and northwestern States, for it is there that nearly
all the mail agents are employed.
Mr. BIGLER. They are employed on rail-
roads of course. They are indispensable on rail-
roads.
Mr.YULEE. Yes. Some seventeen hundred
are employed in the northern and northwestern
States, and are necessary to the present organi-
zation of the Department,
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is precisely where
I want to cut them down.
Mr. SIM MONS called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to (he amendment; and they
were ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas
26, nays 25*ras follows:
YEAS—Mewsrs. Allen, Hurler, Clay, David, Fitch, Fitz-
pfttnok, Gicen, Gwm, Hammond, Houston, Hun lei, f vcr-
son,Johnson ot Arknit?;i^, Jones, Kennedy, Lane, M;w)n,
Polk, Rcifl, Rice, Selmsuan, Smith, rttiiait, Waul, Wnght,
and Y ul(H!—26.
NAYS—Messrs. IUiU, Benjamin, Brodrriek, Oaineion,
Chandler, Claik, Chncman, ColUimer, Doohuie, Durkee,
Feh.semien, Tool. Fo-ter, Il.nnlin, Harlan, Johnson oi'Ton-
ncs-sjH1, Ktnir, Peaice, I'ugh, Seward, vimnnoiis, Toomln,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—2.">.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I have one more amendment,
which i should like to -offer. It is not from the
Committee on Finance; but still, while I have
the floor, I should like to oiler it. It is to strike
out from line thirty-six to hue forty-one, as fol-
lows:
<s And that n *hall not be lawful to use any of the money
hoieby appiopi wired, (or the defense of suits brought against
ofiiceis oi the Post Office Dep.uimentlm malfeasance, mis-
feasance, oi jioii!eas>unee. in office; or for aris eoinmuu-d
by them umiei color of law, and m derogation of the lights
of citizens.
It seems to me it is wrong not to protect the
officers of the Government against suits which
they incur in the discharge of their duties.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I am very much astonished at
my friend ftont Virgin.a for moving it. Now,
the idea is against the policy of all constitutional
government that the head of a Department should
defend his agents for all agressions upon the
rights of citizens, and to pay for it out of the pub-
lic fund. I supposed that he would have been the
last man in the Senate of the United States to
have defended it. The policy of the only consti-
tutional government of Europe, that is of Eng-
land, is where a suit is determined at law, the
legislative department then determines whether
their own agent was justifiable or not; and they
indemnify him or not, according to the facts. But,
sir, as to giving the Treasury of this country to
enable an officer of the Government to protect
himself against the people, I say it is a question
which the people of'this country ought not to
maintain for an hour. . It is treason to popular
rights, and I hope it will not be maintained for a
moment.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me an officer who
has been exposed to these suits in the prosecu-
tion of public duty ought at least to be entitled
to defense, unless it should be found it was an
unlawful violation of right.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would like to know from
the Senator from Virginia, or from any other
Senator on this floor, where he will draw a dis-
tinction between a Cabinet officer and any other
officer of the Government? I would like to know
from that Senator, or from any other, why by law
you should not indemnify all your collectors of
customs? You cannot go in to a State of this Union
where there are customs collected, where there are
not suits pending every day and every hour of the
whole year, involving rights between theGovern-
mentand the importers or the owners of a vessel.
Now, sir, if we are going to indemnify the Post-
master General for malfeasance, misfeasance, or
nonfeasance, I ask the Senator why not hold
harmless all these smaller officers who may be
placed in precisely such a condition? I think it
is a monstrous proposition. My attention has
bf en earnestly urged to it by one of the Assistant
Postmasters General, a very worthy man, but I
told him, as I tell the Senate, that it is a mon-
strous proposition, and one that I would never
vote for.
Mr. HUNTER. I had supposed that every
collector of customs was defended when sued for
acts in his official capacity, at the expense of the
Government. If I am wrong in that I would not
establish a different rule for the Post Office De-
partment; but I supposed that it was placing the
post offices on the same footing with the custom-
houses.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; no Governmentin the
world would do it. They often sue captains. We
have had a case, as gross a violation as ever oc-
curred , under this Government, in which Captain
Wilkes was prosecuted; to the disgrace of this
Government they have paid it; but I say the rule
of all constitutional Governments, even of the
English Government, is, let the law take its course.
If the public officer is justified by the law, then
they indemnify him; but the idea that Mr. Brown
—and one of his clerks undertook to lecture me
for what I said this evening in regard to him—-
ought to have money to enable him to pay for the
defense of the officcr against a prosecution, is a
monstrosity. No Government, except the Turk-
ish Government, ever has maintained such a prin-
ciple. I bay it is a monstrosity. No free Govern-
ment .should maintain it for a moment, and 1 hope
there i>s not a Senator here who will give his vote
for it.
Mr EESSENDEN. There is another consid-
eration, I think we ought not to pass or make
any regulation here which would make officers
careless. Now, if ail these agents of the Post
Office Department are to understand, by striking
out this provision, that they are to be sustained
bv their superior, out of the public fund, for any-
thing they do under his orders or their own mo-
tion, under the supposition or pretense that it is
for the good of the service, against private right,
what will be the end of it ? In order to keep them
straight they need a little looking after, as we all
know, and I think it would be better to have it
understood, that they shall take their luck at the
law, and be judged by u.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdiaw the amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have an amendment to
offer.
Mr.YULEE. I desire to offer some amend-
ments from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware that the Senator would have preference on
that account. The Senator from California is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr.YULEE. It has been the custom for com-
mittees to go through with their amendments
first; but I give way.
Mr, BRODERICK, It will not occupy more
than three minutes. It is to insert in hne thirty,
after the word " dollars," the following:
Provided. That from and after the 4th day of March, 1859,
not more than $1,600 per annum ?hall be allowed to any
special agent of* the Po^t Office Department a-* compensa-
tion for Ins services: Jind provided, further. That thefouiih
section of the act entitled "An act to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1854," approved the lid day of May
1854, be, and the same is hereby, lepealed.
Mr. GWIN. "What section is that?
Mr. BRODERICK. It is the section allowing
the agent in California $5,000 for traveling ex-
penses. You pay your agents on this side of the
mountains $l,6l)0, and you pay the California
agent $5,000 for traveling expenses.
Mr. GWIN. There is but one agent in the
State of California, which has a thousand miles
of coast. It was intended, in establishing this
agency, to concentrate the whole of it in the
hands of one officer, and give such a salary as
would enable the Department to command the
services of an able man. There is but one agent
in the whole of that State, one thousand miles
long and two hundred wide. As to getting any
agent for $1,000, it is an impossibility.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, Mr. President, I
do not agree with my colleague. This law was
passed in 1853, when everything was high in Cal-
ifornia. I repeat what I stated here last year: I
can live in California cheaper than I live here. A
great deal has been said about reducing the wages
of the poor men who are holding office in Cali-
fornia. I have never been, and never expect to
be, the representative of office holders. I always
had them against me, and always expect to have
them against me. 1 have offered this amendment
not out of any hostility to the gentleman who
holds this place; but, in God's name, if you pay
your agents on this side of the mountain, or, in
thirty-one States of the Union, $1,600 a year,
why should you pay the agent in California §5,000
a year? If there is any objection to reducing it
to #1,600, give him $2,500.
Mr. TOOMBS. One thousand six hundred is
plenty.
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 say he can live on #1,600.
I think it very good wages for any agent.
Mr. GWIN. I gave the very reason why this
law was passed that there should be but one agent
there. If there were as many agents, scattered
over the various roads, as there are here, there
might be some reason in reducing the amount, but
there is hut one agent in that whole State; and it
was looked upon as necessary, in order to organ-
ize the service there, to have but one agent, and
give him an ample salary, so that he could devote
his whole time to the service, rather than to have
a number of agents. There is but one agent for
the whole State. He is a very faithful and very
efficient man, against whom I have heard no com-
plaint from any quarter. The object was to get
the services of a man who would superintend the
whole of the service on that coast, which was very
remote, and give him an ample compensation. So
far as 1 am concerned, I am decidedly of the opin-
ion that the compensation that is received by the
agent is not more than the value of his services
to the Government. ' He has been a very able and
efficient man, and has discharged his duties faith-
fully.
It was at one time proposed to have an Assist-
ant Postmaster General in California, and an As-
sistant Sixth Auditor, on account of theextreme
remoteness of that section of the country, to have
immediate supervision over the accounts of the
Post Office Department; but that was looked upon
as separating the Pacific from the Atlantic coast,
and was objected to on that account. Then the
agents that were originally appointed, at the same
compensation with the agents on this side, came
foiward here and showed that their compensation
would not pay them for the service performed;
and Congress passed an act for their relief. It
was considered best to establish a compensation,
such a one as was put in this law. That was done
several years ago. This gentleman being limited
almost entirely in his duties to the interior of the
State, finds the expense of traveling nearly equal
to what it has been heretofore. He has very se-
vere service to perform, traveling from the extreme
north to the extreme south; and this compensa-
tion was looked on at the time as only an equiv-
alent.
Mr, BIGLER. I do not care to enter into vh.e
