1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
and go within the same degree of latitude or not
vary more than one. You may start, for instance,
at Sioux City and pass down to the frontiers of
Texas within about one degr.ee of longitude, if
they go in that direction to make the'southern
road. If you go west, the first division will be
five hundred miles from some point between the
Big Sioux and the Kansas westward. If you go
northward, by the Missouri river, it will be five
hundred miles northward. There, is no difficulty
about the divisions.
Mr. DAVIS. That does not bring us to the con-
sideration of the real question. This is playing on
paper with facts that do not exi ->t m physical geog-
raphy. If we go north or south, and keep cast
of the ninety-ninth meridian of longitude, we keep
in a country susceptible of cultivation, and where
the land may he worth something. If we go west
of that meridian, we pass into a country where
the land is worthless for cultivation, and where it
will not be sold perhaps for a century to come.
Therefore, I say, that if we attempt to divide this
line into divisions, into fixed regions where the
land will build the" road, and regions where it will
not, we mu.st do it in reference to the face of the
earth—not the opinions gentlemen may have in
relation to the language they will put in the bill.
Fix it by meridians of longitude, by something
that will determine the fact which is connected
with the language employed. I have no doubt
that if Congress were to decide that the road must
start at the mouth of the Big Sioux, and wetc to
leave it to private capitalists then to project that
route, they would run either north or south, as far
as they could go, if you would give them land
and money for every mile they built, fur exactly
m that region of country it would be piofitable for
them to build the road, and the land would bring
them a return for it. Tlie moment they go west,
the moment they pass out of the cultivable region,
which region gradually closes upon the Missouri
river until it crosses it, they pass into a country
where the land will not contribute at all to the
construction of the road.
Mr. WILSON.'The Senator from Mississippi
has made a very good argument, I think, in favor
of making this reservation. He says that if pi i-
vate contiactois have the control of this matter,
they will run as far as they can on the good land.
If they take the southern route they will have
good land. They will have tolerably good land
if they take the northern route, or the cential
route. The first five hundred miles, go which
way you will, is good land. You may start and
go to the mountains by any route, and, as a gen-
eral rule, the land for the first five hundred miles
is good, i admit that for the last hundred miles
of that distance the land is not of the best quality;
but it is ^''iieially good land. If you go towards
the South Pass, or any of the passes, or towards
Albuquerque, you get pretty good land. The
proposition I wish to make is, that wo u serve one
half that land as n security for the building of the
central division of the road, where the land is
worthless; or nearly so. It this amendment be
adopted, when I come to the next section of the
amendmentof the Senatorliom Pennsylvania, in
regard to the money, I shall propose to give
$10,000 a mile on the eastern, and £,15,000 on the
western divisions, and $40,000 a mile on the mid-
dle division, which Will be the longest and most
difficult section, where (he lands are nearly worth-
less, and where the road passes over mountains
and deserts. The object 1 have in view is to pie-
vent the contractors taking five hundred miles of
good land, and then throwing the road upon our
hands.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggested, when the Senator
offered his first amendment, to substitute that
v/hich he offers now. If I understand him now
ari°ht, he oilers thisln addition to his first amend-
ment, and the effect of it will be that for the east-
ern and western divisions, there will be loft but
one half the landb. That is all the aid which the
Government proposes to give. It takes away the
ready means which I think i have shown are in-
dispensably necessary to commence an entei prise
of this kind.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania hear me ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. We have agreed to divide the
road into divisions. The eastern and western di-
visions are each to consist of fivo hundred miles,
and the remainder makes up the middle division.
Now, the proposition is to reserve one half the
lands on the eastern and western divisions until
the contractors begin to build the middle division,
and then I propose that instead of giving $12,500
a mile oa the eastern division, which will be on
the best lands, we give $10,000. The Senator said
they must have money. 1 propose to give them
$10,000 a mile, and one half of the lands on the
eastern division. On the western division, which
i-s a more difficult one, 1 propose to give them, in-
stead of $12,500, §35,000 a mile, and one half the
land. Then I come to the middle scction, where
you propose to give them $25,000 to the mile,
which U not one half what the road will coat there,
and you admit, all of vou, that the lands are nearly
worthless m the middle section, over the moun-
tains and deserts, and thero I propose to give
$40,000 to the mile. Now, I say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and I say to any Senatois
who will take the mop and examine this matter,
that they will decide that these amendments are
amendments to build the road over any line.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator and myself have
nearly the same views on this subject, but I so
far misunderstood him bcfoie as to suppose that
he was pressing-a reduction of the amount of lands,
in addition to withdrawing all the money. I had
suggested and urged thatif my pioposition needed
any amendment, it needed just this which he now
proposes, to reserve one half the lands because
they will become very valuable. So far as that
amendment is concerned,and the limitation of the
cash advance to $10,000a mile on the eastern, and
$15,000 a mile on the western divisions, instead
of my proposition as it stands, I accept that as a
modification of my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the Senator from
Massachusetts, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
just expressed himself, as proposing to withdraw
the money and leave only one half the lands; but
it does not at all vary my objection to the propo-
sition as stated. What is our purpose ? Is jt to
build a road across the continent or not? If the
purpose be, as avowed, honestly to make the at-
tempt to build a road across the continent, then
let us address ourselves to it as a piactical ques-
tion. What wilfyou effect by this ptoposiuon ?
By way of making it quite clear, I will suppose
that you start at the mouth of the Big Sioux; then
you give one half of an extiaordinary giant of
land, being a much larger grant than it has been
usual to make, and £>10,000 a mile, to do what?
To build a road tiirough a cultivated and popu-
lated country; to run, if you go north, through
Kansas into Iowa, through Iowa into Minnesota,
and to stop when you reach the region of sieu!-
lty. If you go south, it is to run through Mis-
souri and through Arkansas, until you reach the
Slate of Texas, whieh, as a Republic, was the
owner of its own land, and where, therefore, our
land donation terminates. It is then to give ^10,000
a mile to buiid the road north or south—say from
the Big Sioux—not to connect us with our Pa-
cific possessions; not to contribute means to the
Government to perform its duty of military pro-
! tection theie; but to give some company *-.10,000
! a mile to build a road through a country wheic
I one half the amount of lands stated in thi.s bill
i would be a large consideration to them to build it.
! I ventuie to say you would readily find a eom-
, pany who would take a charter to build a toad
j there, with the right of way over the public do-
i mam and one half the amount of land pir mile
i which is given in this bJL The ^lO.ObO mi(;ht
i induce them to build it unlil they soaciied a cer-
j tain point of difficulty where the £10,000 would
I not suffice; and then, the land bem^ valueless, tin. y
would abandon the work. In e\ery po^siuie \ i-w
1 can take of it, it is an extraoidinaiy grant oi
land contemplated to meet cxtiaordinai y duncul-
ties, applied to a country where we have no par-
ticular interest in having a road bun', nml where
the road would be built for one halt the amount
of land proDOsed to be granted m the bill.
Mr. PUGrl. It seems to me that the Senator
from Mississippi has fired a capital shot against
the original amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania; but this amendment is an improvement
of that. The original amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania gives them three fourths of
the land in possession on the eastern as well as on
the western division, and $12,500 a mile in addi-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Ohio perhaps
falls into an error. Though a member of the -com-
mittee, I did not belong to that portion, of-the
committee which reported the bill, but, as &.mi-
nority, reported a substitute.
Mr. PUGH. Well, I say the Senator's objee-
j tion is a gpod objection to the original proposi-
; tion, but the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
i poses to amend that proposition. Instead of let-
! ting the company have three fourths of the land
! on every section, and only retain one fourth, he p
proposes to letain one half; instead of giving *
them $J2,500a mile on the eastern division, he
proposes to-give only $10,000 a mde; so that I
think the amendment to the amendment is cer-
tainly desirable, and ought, to be adopted.
Whether, after that, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will not be open to the
1 criticism of the "Senator from Mississippi, is a
■ matter I very much doubt; for 1 fear we shall
never get anything but the eastern division. So
1 soon as the contractors shall have built a road
, through the lei ulc lands of Kansas and Nebraska,
^whether they tun il south, pauxllel with the Mis-
souri boundary, or run it northwest, or in any
: direction, I am appiebensive that as soon as the
1 land ceases'to be good, that will be the end of the
■ road; and I am very much airaid that the bill is
■ so drawn that we can get nothing else out of it.
: That is the reason I-shail vote for the amend-
■ ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
; Mr. RICE. Mr. Pres'dent, I ask if it would
: bo hi otder to move an amendment as a substi-
1 lute for the pending amendment?
The I'KESIDING OFFICER. It would be.
: Mr. RICE. 1 have lieai d a good deal said here
. in hivor of a southern route, and a good deal in
I favor of a cential route. The advocates of each
| claim thot their respective routes are the best. I
■ am now for testing the sincerity of the gentlemen
! who have expressed those opinions. I therefore
[Wish to offer an amendment. [" It is not in or-
I der."] It is suggested that it may not be strictly
1 in oi der, but if it is in order to jump over four or
j five sections, and offer an amendment commenc-
ing at the other end of the bill, I think it certainly
must be in order to go back and commence at the
bciriimino;. 1 ask that my amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sena-
tor's amendment to the original bill?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair
will suggest that it is not in order at the present
time.
Mr. RICE. Well, I ask to have it read for
info rmotion.
The Secretary read the nmendment;which is, in
! lines seven, fight, nine, and ten, of the first sec-
■ iion of the original bill, to strike out the words
c< with lefereiice to the route to be selected," and
. insert:
1 i'Vun a point between the thntj'-second ami forty-ninth
! pniuik'h <>/ JahMifle on the ea^fui border of any of tbo'iVr-
i itoiie> of the [Jinted Stute-, to arty point upon the Pacific
Ooc;::j oi f'ugct tioutid, tin: lemma to be selected by the
contractor
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, as modiivd by the
sueg'-stion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
whieh thn Senator from Pennsylvania has ac-
cepied.
Mr. RICE. After that amendment shall be
disposed oS, will it be in order to move my prop-
: °^The PRESIDING OFHCER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICE. Then I give notice ihat I shall
move it.
JL. SIMMONS. How does the amendment
of the Senator from PonnsyUania stand as mod-
ule d ;
Tin. PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
Will lead it.
T1 e St cretary read the amendment.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I understand that the
, amendments of the Senator from Massachusetts
have been accepted by the Scnatos fioui Pumsyl-
; vania. I dtsne to offoi an amendment.
! Mr. BIGLER. I did not accept all the prop-
1 Obi'ione of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I am informed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania that he dots not accept my
: amendment proposing a mom y grant of $40,000
■; in lieu of $^5,000 to the nine, for the central
