1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
question of compensation. The Senators from
California are better prepared to judge of the ex-
pense of the service in California than 1 can be;
but my friend on the right [Mr. Gwin] is entirely
mistaken if he supposes that there is a traveling
agent for every State on the Atlantic coast. There
is not. I think the States of Delaware, New Jer-
sey, and all Pennsylvania, except a few counties,
make the district of a traveling agent. My im-
pression is, that there are not more than two thirds
the number of traveling agents that there are States
on this side.
Mr. GWIN". They have a great many route-
agents. We have nothing of that sort. We have
but one agent on that coast; and the traveling is
of a very difficult chatacter. Here the traveling
is all on railroads; but in California there is a large
portion of country where the agent has to travel
on horseback, from the extreme northern to the
extreme southern portions, and a great deal in
post coaches.
Mr. BIGLER. The services of a route agent
and a general traveling agent are entirely differ-
ent, I agree. But, sir, the Senator seems to be
under the impression that the agent in California
was entitled to this large sum because ne had an
entire State for one agency. I only wanted to in-
form him of the fact that, on the Aliunde side, the
agency is equal to two or three States, and that
the agent is expected to employ all his time. I
have the pleasure of a personal acquaintance with
the agent of my State, and I think he is constantly
traveling; whether in coaches or m railroad cars,
it matters not. He is daily employed, and gets
$1,600.
Mr. GWIN. In an old State like that which
the Senator represents, the service is of long stand-
ing. In the new States, it is very important, for
instance, in establishing post routes; and, but for
this agent, these would have been constant con-
fusion m regard to the establishment of post routes
in California. It is his duty to examine the proper
sections of the country which arc settling up, m
order to have proper legislation in connection with
those routes In new States, it is a matter of great
importance, especially in one like that of Cali-
fornia, which ts settling up with great rapidity,
and where population changes its locality from
one mining town to another, to have an agent who
is capable of reporting where an office is to be con-
tinued, or where it is to be removed from one
mining town to another It is a very laborious
and very responsible duty.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am obliged to the Senator
from California [Mr. Rroderiok] for bringing
this subject to the attention of the Senate. Now,
this whole thing giew up under the idea, which
was originated when we got California, of the
high price of living, and it is one of those abuses
that are continuing. We know that agents some-
times lun through six or seven bundled miles. I
believe there is butone agent for Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Minnesota, extending some eight or
nine hundred miies, at a salary of §1,600 a year.
The Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] has
stated to us, which we all know, that the salaries
were put upon that basis for the reason that they
wanted one man to do the business and occupy
all his time. I want to put him on the same basis
with those on tins side; and if we cannot get the
present agent for that, I have no doubt we can
get as good a man. I have no sort of question
about that. The idea of giving him §5,000 is a
thing not to be thought of. It is wrong; and
there is no reason for it. He ought to be upon
the basis of other people. We know he got this
salary on the idea which obtained when the Pa-
cific coast was acquired that there were enormous
expenses of living there, and we must pay large
salanes, and, therefore, Congress voted pretty
much what was asked; but now itis different, and
we ought to bring the thing down to a fair com-
pensation. I do not doubt that we shall get a
\ery good man for $1,000. If we cannot, I will
raise it.
Mr. CAMERON. This debate shows me what
I have thought a long while, that the whole Post
Office system was wrong. We ought to be clear
of the whole thing. If we had an express com-
pany, like Adams's, or some other enterprising
association conducted by individuals, we should
get our lettei s can led much more cheaply than
wc do now. The management of the Post Office
is intended to give power to individuals belong-
ing to some political party. I believe there is
more corruption this day in this Post Office De- ■
partment than ever has existed in this Govern-
ment, or perhaps in any other Government. Just
think for a moment that the expenses of this De-
partment have grown up now to $20,000,000 a
year. This year we are appropriating for the or-
dinary expenses of the incoming year, together
with the deficiencies of last year, over $20,000,000,
and that is entuely in the hands of one single in-
dividual. Is there a gentleman in this Senate
who believes that man is capable of properly dis-
bursing and conducting a Department which has
the control of so much money and so many men ?
I do not believe he has the capacity, and I do not
believe any gentleman believes he is adapted for
it. But be that as it may, dispose of your whole
system of post offices; destroy it; let individuals
carry your letters, and you will get them more
cheaply, and have no coiruption connected with
it. You talk now of increasing the postages, so i
as to place a larger burden upon the people. Let
the people pay for then* letters who send them,
and let those who do not wnte letters and do not
receive them be free from the cost. This taxa- ,
tion is a proper system.
But if we do continue the post office system,
there is no necessity for this appropriation of
$100,000 to pay these mail agents. They aie
meicly small eloctioncerers, small men belonging
to a party who act at the bidding of some bigger
man in the party- Why, sir, there is not one of
them that 1 know of, and 1 know a great many
of them, that could make half the money which
they receive from the Government by honest in-
dustry. Think of it: §5,000 for a loafer, probablv,
running through the State of California, calling
himself a mail agent. Whatdocs he do? Nothing
at all. All these detective agents, and these mad
agents, and such ofmers, are of no u^e. The or-
dinary mail agents who distuluue the mail in the
mail cars cuuld be dispensed with, because the
railroad companies ought to distribute the letters.
A man sits down in the cars and rides one hun-
dred or two hundred miles a day, and gets his
seven, eight,or nine, or ten hundred dollars a year
in the North, and in California he gets $5,000, I
would clear them all off. Let the railroad com-
panies distribute the mails and deliver them to
the postmasters at the villages or towns thi&ugh
which they pass, and let the postmasters distnb-
ute the letters to those to whom they belong. I
am opposed to the whole system; and if I had the
doing of it { would blot out the whole system. I
would give them perhaps a year to make their i
other arrangements; but leave it to individuals, ;
and, my word and my life for it, they would do 1
it better, safer, and more cheaply. If a man wants ■
to send money to a distant part of the country he :
never thinks of putting it tn the mails. It might
be lost m the mails; it is very apt to be so; and
the Government refuses to pay him; but when he
employs an express company, and there is a loss,
it is returned to him. i am opposed to the whole
system of post offices, and especially to this large
appropriation for mail agents.
Mr. BRODERICK. This provision was in-
serted in the miscellaneous bill, I suppose, upon
the last night of the session, or else the Senate .
never would have voted to insert a provision of
this kind. I will state now, for the information
of the Senate, that this officer receives two dollars
a day rxtta, for traveling expenses. He travels
free throughout the State. No stage proprietors
would charge him anything lor traveling. No
steamboat o\vner ever charges him anything for
traveling. Why, sir, this man, if he goes on m
the way'he has been going on for five years, will
amass a very large fortune; for he is traveling
nightanddav, between Sacramentoami San Fran-
cisco, and I "do not know how much he charges ,
the Post Office Department for his traveling ex- .
penses. If economy is the order of the day, I
hope the Senate will strike this provision out of
the bill, and allow tins gentleman to be placed
upon an equality with all the other postal agents
in the United States.
Mr. GWIN. The provision was inserted in !
the appropriation bill after thorough examination, 1
and was estimated for by the Department. The ,
subject come up, and was fully discussed at the
time. The importance of this provision was well ,
understood by the Senate when it was passed. It '
has been standing legislation for years.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. J desire to ask if the
two dollars per diem for traveling is in addition to
the $5,000? ' "
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir; it is in addition
to the §5,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid ift
the chair.) The question is on the amendment;o,f
the Senator from California.
Mr. BRODERICK; I ask for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no!"] I withdraw the call, as I
suppose there will be no opposition to the amend-
ment. There ought not to be.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I find, Mr. President, that the
appropriations' of this bill amount to $20,475,788;
and the increase for transportation amounts to
| $2,500,000. In the compensation of postmasters
| there is an increase of $50,000, and for the clerks
! of postmasters §300,000. We havealso an increase
i for mail special agents of $5,000; for miscellane-
j ous expenditures #20,000; and for printing the
; laws $15,000; making an increase of $2,690,000.
i I find, also, a reduction of $1,000 on one of the
New York roads; §15,000 foradvertismg;$15,000,
on mail bags; $45,000 on blanks, and $5,000 for
wrapping paper When we deduct those sums,
there is an increase of expenditures for this year
over last of $2,610,000. 1 say nothing of a defi-
ciency for the last year of §3,§00,000
Mr. COLL\MER. And a standing appropri-
ation of §700,000 lor cairyfng franked matter.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. Now 1 intend to
move a few amendments They are very plain
and very simple. I will state what they are, and
then make the motion. In the first place, I pro-
pose to stnke out, for advertising, this sum of
$70,000, and inseit £50,000, I believe $50,000 is
enough to pay for ail the advertising of the De-
partment. Then I propose to strike out, for mail-
bags this year, $50,000, and insert $40,000. That
is a reduction of only twenty per cent, upon it.
I come now to this proposition of $80,000 for
blank*. Last year we appropriated for this pur-
pose $125,000, and at the same time, for stamps
and stamped envelopes, $100,000, making in all
$225,000. At that time I moved an amendment
that ihese items, amounting to $225,000, should
be put out to the lowest responsible bidder. After
some debate in the Senate, and by only eight
votes in opposition, it was carried. It went to
the House of Repiescntatives, and, with only
twenty votes m opposition, it was carried there;
but by some strange action in a committee of con-
ference between the two bodies, and, as I under-
stand, by the influence of Mr. Jones, of Penn-
sylvania, now on a mission to Austria, it was
stricken out, and last year the §225,000 was used
as it had i>een previously.
Mr. TOOMB^. Do I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts to say that an amendment,
can ied here and carried in the House, was stricken
out by a committee of conference ?
Mr. WILSON. I understand so.
Mr. TOOMBS. If that is a fact, it is a fraud
on legislation, and we ought to bring our com-
mittee of confidence to account for it.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me,
I will show that ho is mistaken. The Senator
misrecollects the facts a little. I will state my
recollection; and I think I am not wrong. I think
it was a very great outrage in legislation, and
thoughtso at the iirnc; butit occurred in this wise:
the Senate amended the Post Office appropriation
bill with a very considerable number of amend-
ments. It went back to the House of Represent-
atives, and the House agreed to a portion of them,
perhaps a majority; and among the number was
the one refeired to by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Thc-n, it was sent here, with their dis-
agreement to some of our amendments. We in-
sisted and asked for a committee of conference.
It went back to the House; and the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means moved to lay
it on the table, and it was done; and they sent us
a new hill, with no amendments on it. Tiiat is
the way it occurred. *
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to call attention to it;
for I say, if a committee of the Senate had given
up an amendment passed by both Houses, they
betrayed the body and the country. That is what
I wanted explained. If it had not been, I would
have moved to expel them from the body, if there
were such men here.
Mr, WILSON, Well, I am very glad to have
