878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
division. I offer that amendment. The ori-
P'rml amendment gives no land, but appropriates
!5,000a mile, in money, for that section. Every
man in the country knows that is inadequate. It
cannot be built for less than $50,GOO a mile at
least. I propose to give J,40,000 over the middle
division. I therefore, move to amen&the amend-
ment by striking out, in line nine, of section eight,
e< $25,000)" and inserting t( $40,000."
Mr. BIGLER. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted, and I have a word or two to say be-
fore the vote is taken. The Senator proposes to
increase the amount granted for the central divis-
ion to $40,000 a mile. He has retained for that
division,in addition, half the lands granted for
the eastern and western divisions. The eastern
and western divisions tog-ether will be very much
longer than the central division. You will have,
on his proposition, far more money than the pricc
he iixes for a road. I differ entirely with him
as to its costing $50,000. It can never be built
for less than seventy or eighty thousand dollars
a mile; but he proposes to pay $40,000 of that di-
rectly from the Treasury, and then to give on*-
half the land reserved on both the other divisions.
At his own estimates of the lands he would have
at least sixty or seventy thousand dollars ft mile.
It should be remembered that it is not expected
that the Gove rnment will contribute all the mo'ney.
The Government is to aid the people of the United
States ia making this road, and not to contribute
the entire amount. 1 think my amendment as it
stands is abundantly strong. I am not willing to
go further.
Mr. WILSON. I am surprised at the remarks
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I thoughtwe
were going to authorize the President to negotia^
with a company for consti noting a raih oad across
the continent. Now, we Iniy decided that we
shall reserve one half the lauds on the eastern and
western divisions; and .give, on tlm cistern divis-
ion, ^10,000 a mile in cash, and half the land;
and, on the western division, half the land, and
$15,000 a rmle; which, I think, a very fair dsstn
bution. We come now to the centra! division
over the mountains and deserts, the diillcult part
of the work; for there is no difficulty in budding
the road from the Missouri river on any route
for five hoi id red imlep; there is no dillienlty in
building it from the banks of the Sacramento into
the country four handled mdes. Now we come
to the gioat backbone of the continent, the mount-
ains and deserts, where the land is worthless,
and here ts a proposition to gnmt a mile
there to build a road, which, m nsv judgment,
cannot cost lew*! than ^.">0,000 a mile, i have sun-
ply proposed :  put it at ^10,000; for 1 want it to
be understood that, when this contract is nvuie
by the Pnvidei.t, it is especially made to build
the een},,;,l poria n o: thia I
the outside. ! want the hi'
the Seoul*!} ample, that ev«*
division ovi r mommo <md
pleted; and 1 want to hohl th<
hands, m o:\hv to ■, Mire it.
Mr. IHGLr.U i nest this will be the last oc-
casion on wii.ch 1 ch.Jl say a w-ud on this nub-
ject; but rosily the Senator from Massechuset's
present:; oniv one view of ibis case ile says I
now take th j position that the middle dmxion
must be consttvzu d lor a m«le. Why,
sir, what ix comes ef 1.cot' tne jaods roserwd eatt
and 'Vi'M of th;- r.nddlo diwr.-ion •
M<\ WIL^N. The Ixud.i i-"S"rved on the
oaMi'tn a;:d w< stern dmsa us of (bin line, f ad-
mit, go fiurj.i if_ ro some ''Xt<inr; hu t jr niay h< ,
and ] think it v. :ii be. that on the western di\ i.s-
Jwh the la ids and money they get will not be suf-
ficient—on the east'in they wal be more than
enough. V/e ;iil ealeubUe that the central pent
Will cost t'l mi I1 fry to auvi"nfy-uv'.' thousand d"l-
IgU'S a'mile. V/hat you wmH to put m heie is
enough to carre t;m road tbtough. \ think you
will have i'jiMt, c. faculty in making a bargain
with capitalists; with men who have money, or
can raise mo-><,y; m< n who va!l giY" *rot: security
that they wii! build the road, even if you allow
$40,000 a mile.
Mr. CAMERON. I have been desirous from
the commencement to aid, to trie e:;t<mt of my
power, m the work of making a railroad to the
Pacific oc:ar.; and I have listened to *ho discus-
sion with a <-reat deed of interest. 1 came to the
conclusion Ion:.'; ego that we should have no road
and not to build
•gain strong, 1 want
/ mile of [ii? cential
Je.'eit iihaii be com-
>.jeuiuy m our own
in the present generation, desirable as it may be.
The road will cost a great deal of money. Gen-
tlemen talk about the price of roads here, as if we
had, never heard of the cost of railroads. The
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts is
the only one I have heard, which looks towards
making a road. As he has said, on the eastern
and western side of the desert, the road may be
made, in some reasonable time, by a grant of a
small sum of .money from the Government, and
the public lands; but through that desert, you can
hardly count the number of millions it will cost
to make the road. One hundred thousand dollars
a mile will not begin to make it. I have had some
experience in making railroads, and I know what
they have cost in this country, and in other coun-
tries. To make this road through tho desert, is
like making a tunnel for a thousand miles through
a mountain. You can work only at the extreme
points, and you must carry your men, and your
material, and your provisions through. The cost
is increased by every mile you progress, because
you are further from your materials, and further
from your provisions.
This roau can be made only by the money of
this Government. There is no individual enter-
prise under heaven which can make it. No set
of individuals, and no corporation that ever was
imagined,-can make the road for that thousand
miles. The Treasury of this country, wifh tho en-
ergies of this people, may make it; but the money
must he put out without stint, and the *yU),000 a
mile, proposed to be olferod, is a small sum to-
wards it. ] will vote for that, orany other reason-
able sum, because [ desire to see a railroad made
connecting our eastern and our western con^t. I
shall vote, ultimately, for any billthat is a tali likely
to accomplish that object, to'show that 1 am sin-
cerely desirous of making a road, and not because
I suppost.vthe rond will be made while I live.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Prt anient, I had at one
time intended to say something upon this subject,
but i have determined to say nothing. If tlnne
is sufficient information before the Senate. 1 pro-
pose to kill this bill; bo l J have been drawn fort I;
by one single rommk of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. lie says that, m ins judgment, it wiii
take trom fifty to seventy thousand dollars anvle
fo build this road in the desert, which he charac-
terizes as a dcsei t of mountains and aiid lands.
The Senator of course values his opinion, n,nd he
seems to have investigated the mih]ect,; but I de-
sire to nsf-k him if he means' to give jtto the Senate
ns his opinion that the road can there be built for
$75,000 a n ile?
Mr.WILSON. 1 douht it. Atanyrate T think
it cannot be built, for much less than $75,000 per
mile through tin; deserts and mountains.
Mr. MA LLOli Y. 1 le knows a.> w.ai [ do that
the load from Dunkirk n> New Yoik, built
UuouL;h a counft y ahead y inhabit'd, v. ht ,v y, u
could collect leboivia to-.v <!nf c\cry hour, aa< 1
dies iiai t h.em an y<>u ph-aand \vh< :v pio\'<a-
lona and all tvx a >\\\lene.'s ua ann. n i"""; tor
building a inlror,'! were at e'.erv foot'tep of the
routi-, eust a mile. 1 i«• eeru-uii v do< ^ not
intend to intoi rn tho f'"iiate th.it in h:° pid'-.m^'t
a rail:oad through tins desei' country can be
made for ^75,000 a mile. I concur in eva y thing
said by the Senator i'roin Peimsyivfmia,
Gamnnoir,"} as to tin1 c<\--f oftlosroad. fions^'-ht
| go furiln-r, and siy thai, there has not been :n-
| fotm ition fnrnishcvl to lite i-lenato t pnn tluyi-"ab-
1 je^t f-'Uih'aent to jastifye r vl cof i \i--- "Kni'-r m
1 New Lngland, in huiiu"";' Sao mih'so! lUinpik"
! There i, no information yet beh-r. a-- t<> s'no"
I that, v^e can approximate within sK'iUi'Mj.w'aO of
! tin- cost of the con^tive'hon of th; ; load throu-rh
, (he desert, or ^villon a qua.rtar ofa, ceiiiu:y oftae
, time of its comph'tion.
AIi.H&WAKO. Th'
' of exf^rgoratmH" the v
provement, ami no .
: estimatec winch v/e
' think, on the a vera';
made by the !_>!!, of ho
quale to braid tho ro*-
wen: pro^x^ed in the
en^nyrre—Vvith men <
greatdanran*, I think,
■ p* ase n:ivl e-.si, of (ais i'ii- 1
* at he/.a: il oi e.h e •( f !)•.; t he
roach' by tin c 1
;e. that the npnt"Nprio(tions
nd and money, vJi h^ ade- j
.vh Tho.ve c-ripropi'iations !
hill upon conk umce v/uh i
'Xpr'r;"!"!ced pud capable, i
i cigi".'5 that the bill ii.-is been very much lm- ;
provul, m addition to the previous amendments,
by those of the honorable Senator from Massa- j
chusutts, concurring with and adopting th:-* piop- :
osition of the honoiablc {Senator from Penusvl- \
vania. But it isvery<clear to my mind, that if
you appropriate $40,000 per mile for the middle
division,you may make the contract much more
desirable than is necessary, in order to insure the
completion of the road. I think it is best to-be
prudent in that respect, because, from an amend-
ment already adopted by the Senate, to which it
seems likely tho Senate will adhere, the whole of
this question will come back to Congress to be
acted upon again before a spade will be struck in
the work.
I think tho honorable Senator from Florida has
misapprehended the facts in regard to the cost of
the construction of the New York and Erie rail-
road from Dunkirk to the city of New York.
That is a road, the main trunk of which is four
hundred and sixty-eight miles long. What the
whole construction of that great and stupendous
enterprise may amount to, I do not pretend now
to recollect; but I know that, in addition to the
main trunk, the road has constructed or adopted
several branches, extending its aggregate length
a very largo number of miles. I know that it
never cost $90,000 per mile on an average for tho
construction of the road, or anything like that
sum. I know, also, that, owing to the embarrass-
ments under which the company labored in con-
structing the road; owing to the disastrous revul-
sions which occurred m 1837, leading to an entire
suspension and abandonment of tho work,* the
company going into liquidation, and many other
circumstances of that kind, large portions of the
original work were abandoned after they were
one third or ono half completed; and then changes
of tho route were made, which circumstances have
oil tended to increase the aggregate cost of the
load. Hut I have no idea that it cost, per mile, half
the sum the Senator states to make the rued, if you
include only the legitimate and necessary expenses.
Mr. President, while I am up, 1 wish to say
that I desire the eomnvmcoment of this enterprise.
In any shait" in which it can be put, the bill will
not be in the form m which 1 would put it, rind
the road will probably not take the route which
I think best- but every effort was made in the com-
mute-:; which prepared this bill to frame a measure
which might reasonably hope to obtain the favor
ofa majority ofOongress; and all the debate which
has occurred hitherto has satisfied me of the cor-
rectness of the conclusion at which I arrived in
the committee: that if we can have a railroad bill
at all, it is rafest to adhere to the original propo-
sition. That, however, is for my own .act'on. I
have so acted throughout; but I have; consented
to adopt such amendments as seemed to improve
the hill, and not to haznrd it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 find, on a reference to official
returns, that the New York and Erie raih oad, to
which theSenn tor from Florida has refern d, is four
bundled and sixty-five miles m length, fold cost
^*27,500.000, being about sixtv-ono or sixtv-two
thousand dollars to tho mile. The great New York
Central road cost fifty-two or fifty-thiee thousand
dollar.? to the mile; the Hudson [liver ro.id about
twenty thousand doli.u s; tho road from Philadel-
phia. to Baltimore about seventy-five ihoufimd
dollars; and the gieat hue ftoia Baltimore to the
Ohio river, about lit ty-(ive thousand do] ho s ami:o.
Thus we see that to budd these great linccj of lo^u
costs noma money.
As I tiast v/e me en;;rgi d in an honest (r<0Yl to
insm\; the construction of a road to the. Pacue,,
as w are for the subswnof and not for the ^how,
i hope teat we shall piu m 'he ioll such provis-
ions as will secure that remit. Therefore, I pro-
pose to allow 4'),COO a mile, which will be about
iorty niubon uolhus for the middle division on
tin; central route, two thousand miles in length
altogether, and the whole sum cannot exceed
Ob*1,1 uu. It is an addition to the committee's
proposition of about fifteen thousand dollars a
mile for ono thousand tnilrs, supposing the road
to be tv. o thousand mdes long; being tin addition
of :p!3,000,000 to the whole proposition
Mr. SiMiViONS. If I understand the Senator
from New Yoik, ho says that, on consultation
with railroad men, if was understood tbaf tho'
provision of the original bill granting $1;2,500 a
mile money and certain sectiorsof land, would
secure the building of the road. Did 1 under-
stand him correctly?
Mr. Shi WARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. What has embarrassed mo
from the outset in regard to this bill, is, that I
