1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the matter explained. I never understood, in the
hurry of the moment, how that happened. I took
an interest in it, having moved the amendment
here, knowing that there were but eight votes in
opposition to it; that it was passed nearly unani-
mously in the House; and when the bill had
passea, 1 looked at the law and found it was not
there. I made some inquiries, and I understood
it was done under the lead of Mr. Jones , of Penn-
sylvania; but how, I never fully understood. I
thank the Senator from Michigan for making the
explanation.
Mr. GWIN. \ believe the Senator from Geor-
gia and myself were on the two committees of
conference. There were two corranittees of con-
ference on that bill. We disagreed on the first
conference  
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say 1 was never on a
committee of conference that ever gave up an
amendment agreed to by both Houses—never.
Mr. GWIN. Then, I was mistaken on that !
point.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would as soon think of put-
ting my hand in the Treasury.
Mr. GWIN. There was a difference in both
committees of conference; not on thatamendment,
but on the increase of postage and the franking
privilege. They were the points of difference;
and the committee o.f conference was dissolved
on that point. There was another one appointed;
but I was not on that. They disagreed again,
and the bill was laid on the table in the House.
This amendment was not stricken out. I never
heard of itbefore. The increase of postage and
the franking privilege were the points of differ-
ence in the first committee of conference, and the
franking privilege in the second. The bill was
then laid on the table in the House, and a new
one sent here.
Mr. TOOMBS. All I have got to say is, that if
the Senator from Massachusetts was right, that
b. committee of conference of this body had given
up an amendment/agreed to by both Houses, they
ought to be expelled, and I would move to do it.
I say it was a fraud.
Mr. G-W1N. Rut it never occurred.
Mr. TOOMBS. All those things arc done by
two or three people. If it had been as the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts supposed, that, after be-
ing agreed to by both Houses, the committee of
conference undertook to disregard it, it was a
fraud, and I would move to expel them from the
body.
Mr. HUNTER. It could not possibly have
happened that an amendment agreed to by both
Houses was changed in the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. WILSON. I will say, however, in rela-
tion to this matter, that I know there was, at the
time, a special effort made to keep that amend-
ment out, for 1 was immediately called out of the
Senate,after it was adopted, by a gentleman from
the State of Pennsylvania, who came to me and
begged me to give that matter up, and as an in-
ducement, he said we ehould come into power
some time or other, and that v/e would want it.
The amendment was lost.
I want to state, what I have very good inform-
ation for stating as a fact, one reason why there
was an interest to defeat it. A gentleman in Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Rice, the editor or publisher of the
Pennsylvania!!, has one of these contracts for
^40,000; and the gentleman who came to me
came as his agent and his friend. 1 haveveiy
good information which authorizes me to state
this fact, that out of this $40,000, it cost him
$5,000 to do the work. He made $35,000 upon
the contract. That §35,000 of profits at e divided
in this way: fifty per cent, to the Washington
Union, five per cent of it to Mr. Appleton, con-
nected with the Union, and three per cent, to a
paper in the interest of a member of the House of
Representatives. When I state this, I state it on
as good information as 1 desire to state any ques-
tion upon before the Senate.
Now, sir, here is a proposition to give $80,000
for blank*, instead of $125,000. I believe that
woik can be done for |25,000. I propose to put
it at $40,000, and I shall move that amendment.
Tiie House have this year put in this security:
that it shall go to the lowest bidder. Then, for
wrapping paper, here is a proposition to appro-
priate $50,000. 1 do not believe it is necessary,
and I intend to cut it down to $40,000. The prop-
osition is here put to the lowest bidder, as it
ought to be. In line forty-two there is an appro-
priation for postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes of §100,000. There was a proposition made
last year that itshould gotothelowest contractor.
It is not in this bill as it comes from the House.
I sha.ll propose to cut this sum down to $50,000,
and that the contracts for the same shall be given
to the lowest possible bidder, after giving public
notice,
I have stated the amendment I intend to pro-
pose. I want to cut out of this bill, and every
other bill, everything that looks like patronage.
Whether one party is to be in power or another,
I think it should be the interest of all parties to
get clear of patronage, for patronage is only weak-
ness if you have got any principles to carry. If
you have any principles and measures to carry,
patronage is weakness. If you have neither prin-
ciples nor measures, patronage may have a sort
of cohesive power. The first amendment that I
propose, is to strike out, in the nineteenth line,
" seventy," and insert " fifty," so that it will
read:
For advertising, ^50,000.
I think that sum will be amply sufficient for the
purpose.
Mr, PUGH. I wish to say one word on the
matter of which the Senator spoke, becausc I rec-
ollect that, at the time, I called the attention of the
Senate to it. It is true that, on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, the Senate adopted
an amendment requiring these blanks to be printed
by the lowest bidder, upon advertisement. My
opinion is, as the Senator himself has said, that
more than sixty-six per cent, of what is paid for
these blanks is pure profit. The law fixes the
price. The act of Congress fixes the price, and
fixes it far above that winch it costs to print it.
As I say, I believe, if it were examined by a com-
mittee of investigation of either branch, it would
be found that sixty-six per cent, of that price is
pure profit, and is divided out among politicians,
i do not say how divided; I do not know; but I
have heard a good deal of it. The Senate made
that useful reform with many others/ The bill
went back to the House. TheHouscngreed to that
amendment, with many others. But the House
disagreed to the amendments increasing the rates
of postage and abolishing the franking piivilege.
I believe they also disagreed to the amendment
creating the office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General. The bill came back to the Senate. We
receded from the amendment about the Assistant
Postmaster General. We insisted upon nothing
but the amendments abolishing the franking priv-
ilege and increasing the rates of postage, and sent
the bill to a conference on them. They went to
two conferences upon those two disagreements.
Then the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means in the House, upon the report of the
second confetence, moved to lay that bill on the
table; and another bill, being the original appro-
priation bill of the House, leaving off all the
amendments which the Senate had voted upon it,
was passed through the House, and sent to us
almost the last night of the session; and I recol-
lect that the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
and 1 objected to the second reading of the bill
on that night. That was all done, in my opinion,
to get rid of the amendment winch the Senate had
adopted on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
! When they found that bill could not pass the
! Senate, that a single objection would keep it from
' being read twice, they then pretended that they
! did not know that the Senate would take offense
| at laying a bill on the table which had gone to
j two confeiences, and took it up, and upon motion
| of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
i Means the House reconsidered its concurrence in
| all the Senate amendments, none of them being
i explained to the House, reconsidered its concur-
I rencc after the bill had gone to its conference,
| struck them all off, and sent it up here. I tried
I then to have the attention of the Senate called to
! it, but my friend from Virginia did as he did this
] morning—he got up and asked us to disagree to
j the House amendments, and insist upon our own
i amendments without reading them, and without
: hearing them we shuffled the whole thing into
! anotherconlerence,and that conference committee
I did give up our Senate amendments.
i That is the history of the transaction. 1 be-
lieved then, and I believe now, and I conceive it
my duty to say the whole of that shuffling on the
Post Office bill at the last session was to get rid
of that amendment. I thought so then, and I
think so now. I thought it a very disgraceful
piece of legislation. I do not believe that the
members of that conference on the part of the
Senate undertook it; but that>vas my opinion, and
it is so yet. Now I do not know whether $50,000
will be enough, but I do know that this thing does
want some amendments badly, that it is a piece
of corruption, that it ought to be taken out of the
hands of the Postmaster General who lets it at a
price fixed by law and by the -act of 1852, far
above the value of the work. It is sub-let. I
believe that contract has been sub-let three times
after it went out of the Postmaster General's
hands, before it came to the workman, and that
every one of them took his share of the profit. I
think that will be ascertained if any committee
examines it.
Mr. MASON. I ask the attention of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for one minute. I un-
derstood him to say, that he had information
which satisfied him of its truth, that an editor in
Philadelphia, an editor in Washington, and the
AssistantSecretary ofState,had shared the profits
of certain Post Office contracts.
Now, I submit to that honorable Senator, if he
has information that satisfies his judgment of the
truth of the facts, it is due to the Senate that he
should give the information to it. 1 have no ac-
quaintance in the world with the editor in Penn-
sylvania; I have none in the world with the ed-
itor of the Union—indeed, I do not know who he
is; and I have but very slight acquaintance with
the Assistant Secretary of State; but, if the fact
be so, as the honorable Senator says, I submit to
him that it is due to the Senate, and the country,
that he shall lay^efore us the information which
satisfies his judgment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, my judgment
is satisfied, and 1 should like to satisfy the Sen-
ator from Virginia; and, if I had the power to
bring out the evidence in the case, I could do so.
I will state, however, that Mr. Rice, himself,
during the present session of Congress 
Mr. MASON. Who is Mr. Rice?
Mr. WILSON. The editor of the Pennsylva-
nian, who has this $40,000 contract. He applied
to a member of Congress during this session, and
stated, as a matter of complaint, that out of the
#35,000 made by this contract, which cost $5,000
to execute, fifty per cent, went to the Union, five
per cent, to Mr. Appleton, who was connected
in some way with the Union as a writer, and
three per cent, of it to maintain a paper in Phil-
adelphia, in support of the interest of a member
of the House; and further, that the President of
the United States was a party to this arrangement,
and knew about it; and, of all that matter, I do
not entertain a single doubt.
Mr. MASON. Well, Mr. President, then the
honorable Senator shows us that he has himself
no information on the subject whatever. He de-
rives his information from other persons; and al-
though he has given the name of a Mr. llice, who
is said—and I presume correctly—by him to be
the editor of the Pennsylvanian, he declines to
give the name of the member of Congress. Now,
it is alleged, and may be true, that there arc cor-
rupt practices amongst the employes of the Gov-
ernment; but I submit to the honorable Senator
in his place, that if he has information which
satisfies his judgment of these facts, more espe-
cially as he now says that it implicates the Pres-
ident, it is due to his position, as a Senator from
Massachusetts, to bring every fact before the
Senate, and give everything without hesitation.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought this matter about
the blanks was so well known all over the coun-
try that nobody doubted the statement made by
the Senator from Massachusetts. Why, it is com-
mon talk everywhere.
Mr. MASON. Give the information.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 will give, directly, all I
know about it, and I think that is enough. Mr.
Rice is the publisher of the Pennsylvanian, pub-
lished in Philadelphia. He is the creature of the
President of the United States, or was—for he has
had a quarrel recently about this printing, and he
goes about blabbing everywhere the whole story.
He will tell you, if you bring him here, that the
! President brought him to Washington, in com-
