1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
cannot see, if we are to appropriate land and
money to build this road—and that seems to be
everybody's opinion—why we should make a con-
tract with anybody, and in that contract .stipulate
that when the road is made we shall pay twelve
dollars a bushel for carrying corn, and sixty dol-
lars a barrel for carrying flour. Wo arc to build
a road with our own means, and then to make a
contract with somebody to superiniond the out-
lay of the money we furnish; and by this con-
tract we are to agree to give them a sum that
would* entirely bankrupt the Government if we
had a war; and we are only going to bui 14. a road
for war purposes. In my judgment, a contract
made under the provisions of this bill, for carry-
ing stores and munitions of war for the defense
of the country, would cost more than one hun-
dred million dollars pur annum to maintain thirty
thousand troops on the Pacific. If wo are to have
the road, I agree that we ought to hui!d it*, and if j
there is a road to bo built, it ought to be by the j
Government.
Besides, when-we make a contract with this
company, if one shall be forme a, we cannot change
it, and it would be bad faith to change it; and yet
it is such a contract as that which we made w.th
the French Government when we were in trouble,
and which could not he kept without annihilating
the independence of tins country. That was the
character of our treaty with Franco; wo could not
carry it out consistently*with our obligations to
other nations, and it had to be abrogated. I think
the contract proposed to bo made by this bill will
be more onerous to this country, m time of war,
than any that ever was contemplated.
The bill provides for a railroad through Cali-
fornia; but the State of California, accoidma to
the constitutional notions of Senators on the other
side, may refuse to create a kind of artificial per-
son— a corporation, to do thisgreat work, and can
defeat the' whole of it. What right has a corpo-
ration which may be created for the purpose of
building a railroad along the Missouri nvr, 'o
construct one in the State of California? .None
wh-ntever. They have no right m the Territores
of the United folate?*, unless you give them the
authority; and according to a decision which has
been much talked about lately, there is nobody
but the Un:ted Cut tew Government that can con-
fer such authority m the Tointoiks. In «dl the
decisions that have ever tak^n pi \ce in the Su-
pieme Couit of the United States, prior to the
one to which I have just alluded, it was decided
that the Federal Governm^nf posvV~sosm a Tor- j
ritory tho same powers which a State Govern-;
ment has wnhin a Suite, and also the powers of '
the national Government in a fc'ia'.c: thai it ex- (
ercises the c-mieint powers of eaen. 1 think I ^
heard that a dozen iJivms .n Urn delates last winter.' i
Then why h avewe r.ot author uy to ereate a coi- j
poraiion to bulla a lailroad in the Territories of .
the United Stares? Hut what a5 surcwo have wc |
that that Will •>' done ? Tins bui pa op<'.?•<. s to nr.:>
a contract when we havo no as* or. u" • t< a,. u cor- j
poration will ever exist with whjc'1 the contract j
can be made. '
Now, if we wont individual enenrrise to con- !
nect itself with this Government in
building a railroad across the Territories of the
United States, cannot we create a cor; oration for
the purpose? Is not this Government L^und to
doit, if that agency is accessary? J doub*' whether j it cost thorn,
it is good policy to connect individuals with this
enter prise; but if it be, let us create companies to
construct the road. I believe w<_- engaged with
private enterprise ia tho work of the improve men I
around the fJV, of the Ohio at Louisville. Y7e
took stock in the comf any to encourage the enter-
prise. Weil, if their is any advantage whatever
j tract with those who are to build the road, and
; you are to give them $149,000 worth of land, and
j ten or twelve thousand dcrilai s in money, per mile,
j ami then, if there should happen to be a war be-
: fore they get it done, we are to pay them sixty
j dollars a barrel for carrying flour, and when we
i*got into trouble, and want the road, we cannot
S alter the contract.
| There is no kind of use in inviting these spec-
i ulators into this concern, when y^u have no ex-
, pectation that they will bring you a dollar to invest
I in the work, i had supposed that somewhere in
. the course of this debate that point would be
! reached, and Tarn astonished that for a week past
; the question has been debated without such a sug-
j gestion having been made. I said the other day
that at some time or other I intended to move to
strike out oil that part of the bill proposing to
! make a contract on the terms I hav? mentioned,
and I expect to do so whenever it shall be in order.
The Sen itor fiom ) ilinois [Mr. Bougl vs] told us
yesteiday how easy it was to get over all diffi-
culties as to the route. His pian was to let the
route be selected by the contractors; the capitalists
who, he says, aie to put their money into the
enterprise. Well, sir, the fact is that nobody pre-
tends that any individual is going !o put any money
into it. Somebody is to be cheated, and that some-
body will 'no the United States,and the Treasury
of the United States. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] suggests that it is set for that. I
will not say that, for I do not believe it is contem-
plated here to do any such thing.
I am m favor of a Pacific railroad. I was a
member of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Ro:<ds. when that committee made a report
in favor of building a tailroad to the Pacific, be-
foie v/o acquired our present possessions there
from Mexico, and 1 bad a e;reat hopf> that, at <son>e
time or other, too work would be done. I then
supposed that it would be done in mv lifetime,
butt now 1 have no hope of that, even if I should
live to be a hundred years old. Still, I concur in
the \lew expressed by the Senator fiom Missis-
sippi, that the road ought to be made if it can
be done at any reasonable cos*, not exceedui"
$150,000,000. I believe we owe it to the country;
we owe it to our defenses. 1 ne\or yet heard a
man so scrupulous about the powers of tln^ Gov-.
emment as to say that thoOong-re«s of the Um'ed
States had not the power to appropriate money
for the natior.nl d Senses; and th is is a creat means
of national defense, if we had had such a road
as tins last year, we should have saved a gm it
deal of money in the transportation for tho Utah
expedition.
i was told by General Jesup that it cor.t us sixty
dohars to carry a ku t el of £our to Utah, only hub'
way to Cahfoima: and at the same rate u would
cost over a hundred d'dhars to carry it to the Pa-
cific. ]f wo were to be involved in a war witn a
maritime Povu r, and intended to secure the de-
fense of California, we could not transport pro-
visions enough across this road to sp.stam an :vmy
of forty thousand mm theie annually for the cost
of budding the road, n'a contract should be made
urco.dmg to the kh3 which provide un paying
tho old prices of f-Tasporlatioo. I h.u-e no kind
of doubt but that if wc were i evolved in a wear,
and th « ro w.i-j in s h' ua.uhi of W mbr-n^t ",o
bers, tlrey would require you to pry donb'e what,
J-Lore the OovornmcnU of th
point of fac', proposes to ha
Lmtrd J
d the M
>tates, io
-A n -adf,
and yft^
he cmtmcts w.tb local cor-
m connecting individual enterprise with the Gov-
ernment in that way, let it be done by the action i
of the Governmmu. j
There js another point in this bill on which I j
should like four.c information. I can hardly un-
derstand where this road is to U minute. One
man says it is to go from the hue of the States,
. on the eastern slope, to the boundary line ot Cal-
ifornia. Others say it is to go to ikm Francisco.
"Well, if it goes to Sun Francisco, you are, to get
rid of constitutional scruples by uniting with arti-
ficial persons in the work. No man wiiom I^have
heaid speak here has expressed his^belief that
there will be a dollai^of individual capital put into
this enterprise, aniSpbt you are to malic a coo-
perations—on*' in Texas, one ra 'Jh.o, another u\
Indiana, another ni Illinois, another m .Yi^oun,
another m Cabforn.a. What kind of co -'r.euors
will you be dcahng wuh 2 Who would brum;
them to any account: WHt r.^ht havo\,o to
hi jnsr them witlnn the jurisd.ctiou of the c arts of
j; the United States? Vouwdl have to ca.ry tinm
r into the local couits; and they may buy up t;io
!' com ts, as they have bought up tho Governments
I' of some of the States.
1 am seriously anxious for this road. I am
willing to go a great way to sccure Us construc-
tion. I should be willing to appropriate, annu-
ally, the proceeds of the sale of the public lands,
and <5,000,000 in stocks; but I do not think we
have" any right to make any appropriation at all
accordmgtto our present knowledge, unless gen-
tlemen know a good deal more aooul it than I do,
and i have hcen'studynigitlbr iifieunyecirs. We
have no right to make any appropriation what-
ever upon which to base a contract involving
$100,000,000, when we eannot teil now, for our
lives, within one hundred miles of where the road
will go, and do not know what it wiH cost, and
have nothing on which to base our action, except
some conjectural estimate. I think the better plan
would be to adopt the proposition which was
suggested by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
DoolittlEj] to send out three corps of engineers
to investigate the different routes. Appoint effr-
cient men; let them go to work, survey the routes,
and make the estimates, mile by mde, and let us
know before we make any bargain what it is to
cost; or let us at least have some reasonable ap-
proximation to the cost. I am willing to do
that.
A good deal has been said in the course of the
debate about sectional views and sectional notions.
Weil, Nir, for my part, if I thought a road on the
thirty-second parallel would be the Inost expedi-
tious, and the cheapest way to defend the Pacific
coa«t, 1 would vote for that road m preferenceto
any other; or, if I thought the northern route
were the best for that purpose, I would vote for
it; but it does not look to me at all reasonable that
we should go so far around, although 1 know the
shortest distance between two points is not al-
ways the quickest.
But, sir, 1 say the Congress of the United States
has not sufficiently examined this question to de-
cide on anything further than on sending out men
to survey and explore the various lines and locate
a louto. I am told that a road on the southern
route, from El Paso to tho Colorado, will not be
more than five hundred miles: and although I
thmk n central route would be the best, yet, if
Texas ever gets her road completed to El Paso, I
shall be ready, if 1 am m the Senate at the time,
to vote to extend it from there to the southern
part of our Pacific possessions. I will give as
much as will build it and carry a mail there. I
thmk a raihoad to our Pacific possessions will
ha\e to be about two thousand miles in length, or
at i'ny rate, one thousand six hundred or one
thousand seven hundred mile*. If that road be
builton the fortieth or forty-first parallel it will
he five or six hundred miles from the route on tho
t hu ty-seeond parallel. In Now England you can-
not drive out anywhere without crossing a rail-
road track. In faci, when I am at home, I am
afnud to drive out except on Sundays, when the
car* do not run. Here js a Kp<ice of live or six
hundred mdes between the two railroads; and it
would he space enough if the land was good for
anything.
If it were now in order 1 would move to strike
oat all after the enacting clause of this bill, and
>ti-iert a simple provision to appoint commission-
ers, ami ap.propriHte money to pay them; and
then let us wa.t for the infoimation they can give
us, and know what can be done, and decide what
ought to bo done. We cannot agree upon details
now. If you undertake to put this scheme afloat,
and mskc a contra', t under it,there will boa fjrnat
G'ua.nblo; there wul be moie .vctional strife than
ever wes made over any question in this country
betoo ; nobody until;! know whether you had the
best r«-ute. Suppose the President should come
to -,t i eom 1 'sson that the southern i oute was the
bef,t, and purpose to mak'- a contract for a road
on the thirty-second paraib i; cou'd it oe expected
that such a contract would be confirmed by Con-
! ss3 itvouid not get twenty votes. Let ue
know befoi. hand what we are to.
Win re too these contractors? Who is to bid
for thus contract5 Is, there a corporation in ex-
istence within the omits of the United States thai
is authorised to b>d for it? I do not believe there
is Who is to tn&IA the corporation to build
the road 5 What is to be its character? Would
you take up one of those private corporatism
Uiat are ?ot up in half an hour, without any clo-
nal or character, made up purposely to buihi
the road ? What security does this bill dve that
they will perform their part of the contract r I do
not" see any. If there is to h^ a corporation for
this purpose, I hope the Congn-r.-; of the United
States will create one; and v;e can create one as
Mr. Webster created an exchequer, without hav-
ing anything of a corporation in it—just author-
ize them to sue and be sued; and that is about aii
the special power a c^n oraUon needs. Then, if
they 'have got any money, let them put it into tho
