380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
enterprise, and let us put in as much as they do.
I will agree that the United States shall take half
the stock, if it is necessary to have a corporation
for that purpose. I think that would be the best
course, if we a e to resort toihatplan at all. Much
as has been said about corporations created by the
United States, there hasneverbeen anything that
came within hail of the extravagance, the fraud,
and the folly, that State Corporations have mani-
fested. We make contracts to build steam frig-
ates, and I have no doubt, on the whole, wc get
them built as well as individuals could do. Why
will it not be the same with a railroad?
Where is the money to come from to construct
this road ? Let us look at the question in a pecu-
niary point of view. Is there a State of this
Union that 1ms not ample use for all its pecunia-
ry means? Is not the want of money every-
where throughout this country,in every State of
the Union, the greatest check to our onward
march to prosperity? Everybody knows that it
is the high price of capital which is obstructing
enterprise. I saw not long since a young man
from Iowa, who was in my State trying to nego-
tiate for money, and he said that on improved
propeity (Hour mills) he had to give twenty-five
per cent, per annum; he could not negotiate on
more favorable terms; and I dare way, gentle-
men from the new States will tell you that it is
a common thing there to Rive ftotn two to four
per cent, a month on good security for money.
Our great want is a lack of money, a lack of ac-
tive capital. The enterprise of the new States
outstrips their ready money. The money always
is in the old hives, as honey is with the bees.
Now, if money must be hired to construct this
road, I say it should be hired by the Govern-
ment. Our people are in no condition to plant
$>100,000,000 worth of personal pioperty in this
enterpiIt would embarrass the whole oper-
ation of the country. When we import an <'xeess
of forty or fifty million dollars in a year, it bank-
rupts the country; it destroys confidence; every-
body s< es that we have more to pay than we have
to pay it with, and everybody is shy about letting
money go. If the people plant, £K)0,000,000 in
fast propeity in this work, it will drain e\ery
dollar of money ftom the active pursuits uf life;
■and it will be tile most idle disposition thai could
be made of the people's money. The money'
needed for this wot k must be obtained front coun-
tries where the)' have abundance of capital, and
aic willing to lend it for three or four pet cent, per
annum, i do not believe there is a railroad cor-
poiauon in the United States, and hardly a State
in the Union, that ean hire money in Europe lor
double I he price that this Government ean. 1
have noticed, within n few years past, that the
ten per cent, bonds of the State of California have
ranged at from fifty-five to < ighty in the mat ket,"
and that is a St a to which -digs out fi om forty to
sixty millions of "-old « very year. i think the
quotations of the Aix percent, of the Siaie of Vir-
ginia vary from eighiy-fi\e to ninety-five. The
stock of the United States at live per cent, brings
a premium; and if you put out a loan for tlmty
or forty yeais, you would get a premium for it at
four per cent. As long ago as 18-5, 1 knew a
four and a half per cent, loan of this Government
to l e negotiated .d ovc par.
If $>100,000,000 at e to bo hired for this purpose
by any corporation that may be created, they can-
not <:et the money for twelve per eent per annum,
nolens you add to then-credit the faith of the Uni-
ted states. The ten per cent, bonds of the State
of t alifoinia bung her but seventy dollars on the
hundred. She pays fourteen percent, a year on
what she gets, and agrees to pay thnty per cent,
in addition to the principal, when the bonds be-
come due. An J in the?debate on the fishing-
bounty lull, tin to is no business in this country
tj^al can stand such i nt< t est as that. The net earn-
ings of the labor of this country that ai e laid up,
do not average two and a half c< nts per day with-
out any accumul uing interest: we do not save a
great deal. I think the United States amid eet the
money for this purpose at fonr per cent. The
three per cent, stocks of England are now at nine-
ty-seven, and there is not a nation in the world
which has bonds out that was ever clear of debt,
except the United States. We did pay up once,
and 1 hoped wc should keep clear of debt, as an
example to the world. But this is an enterprise
that i think would justify an indebtedness on our
part; and I think we can hire the money to build
this road at one third the rate of interest that any
State or any corporation can hire it for, in my
judgment. I do not mean todisparage the credit
of the States; but if you were to go abroad to-day,
with the paper of almost any of the States, rich
and wealthy and honorable as they are, and press
upon the market a little more than capitalists are
ready to take, their bonds would go down even
below their present prices.
I never knew but one State whose stocks sus-
tained themselves at par, and that was the State of
Massachusetts. I have never seen her five per
cent, stock quoted below par in any revulsion of
trade; and the reason is that the amount of their
debt is limited, and it was all consolidated many
years ago; and the people consider their interest
about as certain as the Bank of England; but if
Massachusetts hod continued to put stock, year
after year, into the market, they might have gone
down to sixty. We have all sorts of stocks held
in Europe, and when our creditors there stopped
taking them a year ago last September, we were
j bankrupt in sixty days. I saw a gentleman, a
very intelligent man, who was a great friend of
American enterprise, who was resisting the ac-
counts given in London of the indebtedness of this
country. They claimed that it was <€100,000,000
| sterling, and he limited it to <£80,000,000. ft ia
| supposed that we owe about one hundred and fifty
■ millions on the continent—about seven hundred
j and fifty million dollars; and the result is that no
i corporations which we can get up in this country
! can obtain money m England, or on the continent,
; for ten per cent.; but this Government can get it,
I for four per cent.
j My trouble about this bill is, that we are creat-
; ing an artificial peison to build the road who cari-
; not get the money to do it with. If wc are to find
, flic money, I do not see why wc should wish to
make an onerous contract and take a great bur-
den for the work we shall have done on this road,
when wo must make it ourselves. I think the
first step we ought to take is, to get a thorough
; and perfect stuvey, with an accurate estimate of
; the cost; that kind of survey which people make
i when they mean to build a road; not mere reeon-
1 noissance, but a detailed survey—take the lev-
; els; see what the guides will be; where tunnels will
1 be needed; whole the track will have to be roofed
over to avoid the snows and the canons.
| I do not believe any part of the route of this
| road is so difficult as the country through which
| we have built railroads in New England. I judge
j so from the circumstance that Colonel Pope has
! taken a train ofwuaons over this wilderness coun--
! try, and arrived safely atthe Pacific ocean. Take
[ the condition of New England as it was when the
■ pilgrims landed there; they could not have got
[ from Boston to the Hudson in years. They never
| could have got through with ateam,audIdo not
, believe they could get through on foot m a year.
I This country cannot have all those natural obsfa-
1 cles to travel of which wo are told. Ifitwercso,
' we should not find a moil coach coming through
! fiom San LYancisco to St. Joseph in twenty-four
! days. It must be an easy route to get over com-
1 pared with what the country which is now settled
! was at first. New England was a more rugged
j counti y, m my opinion, than any pai t of this ix-
I gion. Take the road which Massachusetts has
J built from Worcester to Albany. Hiding in those
' ears, and looking at the country ahead of you,
! you would not think it possible to get through;
, but you wind around a little brook through the
hills, and you get along very comfortably. This
! region of country cannot be anything near as
, bad for ladroad tiawlmg as was that originally.
1 We have tesud the experiment to some extent m
| this region, and now we want to get an honest
calculation of what the grades will be; where the
; tunnels will be; and we want an estimate such as
an engineer mulcts when private capital is invited
( to construct a railroad forty miles or a hundred
! noles long. With such an estimate before us,
1 and in no other way, can the Congress of the
■ United States act understand ingly on this subject.
, That is my deliberate judgment, and I hope the
, Senator from California will consent toadoptthe
i suggestion which 1 have made.
j A provision has been inserted, by a very large
| mojoiity, requniug that any contract which may
i be made with any of these corporations, even if
i they were solid ones, shall come back to Con-
gress. In the meantime, an opportunity will be
afforded for reflection; and it may be that, in view
of the onerous burdens which this bill imposes on
the Government, the whole thing will be defeated.
1 do not know now that you could get a majority
for a bill for a road on any particular M)ute,even
if it was known to be a good one. Have a sur-
vey of the various routes, and give us an oppor-
tunity for a comparison of views, and that will
qualify the opinions of many persons; and we
shall be in favor of taking the best route, the
cheapest route, and the one best calculated for the
national defense. We can sell this land better
than any private corporations can sell it. We can
give a bettor title than they can. I have not found
out as yet how they can give title out of the ju-
risdiction of the corporations themselves; but I
will not go into that, because I am no lawyer.
Still I know enough about corporations to know
that they want to be looked to. Before we invest
a corporation with forty millions of real estate,
we should look into its character and prospects.
If the road is to be built, there is nobody so well
qualified to do it as we. We can obtain the cap-
ital necessary for the purpose at one third what
anybody else can obtain it for. As I said in the
outset, if it is necessary to invite individuals into
the entei prise, let us make-up a company and join
with thrift, and have some supervision of thcrn,
and hold them to the contiact when it shall bo
made; and, if they do not come up to it, forfeit
the capital they put*m.
I do not want to vote for the amendment pro-
posing ^40,000 a mile. That would be $40,000,000
for a thousand miles of road across what is spoken
of as the desert portion of the country. That is
$1.),000,000 more than the whole bill, as repoi ted,
and we aie told it was expected it would be built
for ^5,000,000 and the land giant for the whole
two thousand miles. Here is a proposition to
appropriate $10,0110,000 for one thousand miles.
I cannot vote for it. 1 cannot vote for the original
bill, and I never did intend to vote for giving
away so much laud and money to build a rail-
road, without having the entire control of the cor-
poration or individuals who might build it, or else
build it by the Government.
I have remained here ten days in the hope that
there was some probability of coming to a practi-
cal result in legard to this bill; but I am thoroughly
convinced thattheonly thing we are now prepared
to do is to appropriate money enough to have scien-
tific corps go on these tlnee routes, survey them,
( and make reliable estimates* and repoi t them to
i us at (he eat host practicable moment, and then we
! can sel< ct the route, and appropriate the money,
! gradually to complete the wotk by the Govern-
! inent. It the Senator from California will consent
to that, I will a'.-ree that he shall draw up a hill to
carry out that purpose,and piopose w'uJ amount
of appropriation he pleases, and I will vote for it;
but I cannot vote for this proposition.
Air. MASON. I think, \l r X^resident, all will
agiee that the subject of this railroad has been left
in the hands of the fnends of the road,and exclu-
si\e!y m their hands for the last two weeks, and
f think those gentlemen who are the friends of
some road, are satisfied that the subject is too
crude for the consideration of the Senate. It has
taken a great deal of time, and is likely to take
more. I cei tuinly am no fiicnd to the i oad; that is
to say, I am not a friend to the load being made
by the Fed< ral Government in any form. I here
der lire frankly that if a proposition were made to
begin on the James river, or the Potomac river,
in Virginia, and thence to carry it through Ken-
tucky and Missouri to Kansas, and from the
western borders of Kansas to the Pacific ocean,
I should lee! myself bound to vote against it. Be-
gin where it may, and end where it may, I can-
not vote for it. But I submit to my honorable
fnends on this side of the Chamber, and to the
Senator from California, who has shown that this
was his special plan of building the road, believ-
ing as I certainly do that they earnestly wish it
should be done, the expediency now of commit-
ting the bill to the committee that brought it in
after the interchange of opinion we have had
amongst us, and let the committee see if they can
devise any plan which will be put to a vote by a
majority of the Senate. I shall therefore move
presently that this bill be committed with the
amendments, to the committee that brought it in;
and if that should be donejpshall ask the Senate
