1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ing for a higher motive, worthy of himself, and
worthy of the officer to whom he refers.
, Mr. PUGH. Well, Mr. President, I will say,
for the benefit of the Senator, that* when a public
officer refuses to admit competition, refuses abso-
lutely to hear anybody else's proposition, he may
be a man of undoubted integrity, but he sullies
hts own integrity by that act, and he cannot help
it. Whenever a public officer does that, he lays
himself open to suspicion.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator say he would
allow nobody but a particular man to engrave,
that he sought no means of determining who
would engrave them best?
Mr. PUGH. He would not give anybody else
a hearing.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not suppose that he needed
the Senator's advice. That is not the question.
Mr. PUGrH. I did not offer him my advice.
Mr. DAVIS. The question is whether he did
not allow that competition of skill which enabled
him to determine who would do the public service
best.
Mr. PUGH. I can tell the Senator the whole
conversation. I do not care to go into it. I have
.stated the details. I have stated th it he would not
allow competition; that no one was allowed to
make a proposition except certain persons, those
persons belonging to a house in his own city. I
do not care to go into the detail of it. I recollect
the whole transaction. I thought then that the
power lodged in the Postmaster General to select
a person for this work, and to make a contract
with him without any advertisement, without
any competition, was a great abuse, and I think
so yet. I merely state that fact. 1 do not care
whether it is by Mr. Campbell or Mr. Brown or
anybody else; it is an abuse.
Mr. BIGLER. I must venture the assertion,
and I think, upon examination, it will turn out
to be correct, that oilier persons did propose to
do this work. When the contract expired, it was
generally known to all the men in this brunch of
science; and propositions Were made from New
York, as well as Philadelphia. This work was
a matter of negotiation and great care. That
the Postmaster General was partial to the men
who had executed the work so satisfactorily, so
effectually, and safely, I do not doubt; but I think
the Senator is mistaken entirely if he is under the
impression that there was anything like favorit-
ism in this business; that others were excluded.
Now,- sir, without any advertising at all, he will
find, when the present contract expires, that there
will be competition from all the engravers in the
country for another contract. It will be the duty
of the Postmaster General to make the best ar-
rangement he can for the Government, consider-
ing not only the cost of the work, but the perfec-
tion of the work, and the liability of the contract.
That all these considerations entered into the ques-
tion when Mr. Campbell made the contract, I have
no doubt. 1 take tins occasion to indorse what
was said by my friend from Mississippi in refer-
ence to that public officer. I do not believe that he
would allow a feeling of that kind to influence him
a moment. I think, if any man in that Department
ever encountered all the unpleasant responsibili-
ties, regardless of consequences, and did the best
he could for the Government, it was just the man
that made that contract.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio propose to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. By adding those words.
Mr. CLAY. What woids?
Mr. PUGH. <c Saving the rights of contract-
ors under any cxistingcontract made in pursuance
of iaw."
Mr. WILSON. I accept the modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is upon the amendment as modified, to in-
sert after the word " dollars," in line forty-three,
the following:
The contracts for the same shall be given to the lowest
responsible bidder after due public notice, saving the rights
of contractors under any existing contract made m pursu-
ance of law.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 32, nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Brot]erick. Cameron,
Chandler, Chosnut, Clark, Ulmgman,Coilamer, Crittenden,
Dixoa, Dooiiujc, Douglas, Durkee, Fesseuden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Green, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugh, Seward, Sim-
mons, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Clay, Davis, Fitch, Gwm, Iver-
son, Jones, Lane, Mason, Retd, Rice, Sebastian, SUdell,
Smith, Stuart, Ward, and Yulee—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I now offer the amendment
which I proposed a few moments since, but which
I withdrew to enable the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to offer his amendments. I hope it will
be the pleasure of the Senate to'take a vote, with-
out discussion, upon it. It is precisely, in so
many words, the bill which was passed a few
days ago by the Senate; and which I move, by in-
struction of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, as an amendment to this bill, for the
purpose of insuring a vote upon it in the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am very much obliged to
the Post Office Committee, and especially to my
honorable friend from Florida, who, I think, is
entitled to the thanks of the country for the
diligence and attention he has given to this De-
partment of the Government, for offering this
amendment. The Senate has already passed the
measures embraced in his amendment, and sent
them to the House. One of those amendments
was one upon which the Senate was divided. I
do not think it is wise for us to lose a really great
and important reform by trying to do too much,
and, therefore, 1 submit to him that we strike out
so much of Has raises the postage. There is not
a member of the Senate who is more thoroughly
in favor of raising the postage than I am; but I
am afraid jf we send it to the House we shall lose
both, i move to strike out that portion relating
to postage, and send the question of the franking
privilege to the House, pure and simple. I think
in that way we may get an important reform
without mingling it with others. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senator will acquiesce in striking
that out, and sending the rest to the House.
Mr. IVI£RSON. I want to ask my colleague
whether the House could not amend the amend-
ment of the Senate without any difficulty. If they
do not agree to raising the postage, they can
amend it.
Mr. TOOMBS. They have got one bill con-
taining this and another very important matter,
and I am desirous of passing both of them. There
can be no man in the Senate more in favor of
raising the postage than I am; but I find that
there are a great many people around me, and in
the northern States, who do not like it; but upon
another great reform we do agree, and I think it
best that we should present that to the House of
Representatives, showing clearly that we are truly
earnest in reform. lam. I hope my friend will
agree to it. I move to strike out all in relation to
postage and send the balance of U to the "House.
In that way we can accommodate conflicting in-
terests, and place the real friends of the reform of
the franking privilege on a sound position, upon
which we all agree. I, therefore, move to strike
out all in relation to postage.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia with very great
pleasure. I think it would have been wise on
the part of the Senator from Florida to have
adopted the Senator's suggestion, and to have
himself stricken that portion out. Now, if this
amendment, as it is now presented, shall be
adopted as part of this bill, I submit to Senators
if Representatives will not justly and properly in-
fer that the amendment has been placed upon this
bill, which is an appropriation bill, for the pur-
i pos>; of driving the House to the defeat of the bill,
! or carrying the increase of postage? You have
] passed your measure once, and it is a very good
one in the main. You have sent it to the House,
| and now the Senator wants to put it on tlirn bill.
! I do not know but that it will be put on some
: other bill before we get through, and the House
i a second time will be called upon to act on this
' bill. There is a disagreement on this subject.
There is a disagreement here in the opinion of
Senators as to the propriety of increasing the
rates of postage. I have my own opinion; other
Senators have theirs. The House will have its
own opinion. Now, if they shall see fit to con-
cur in the amendment increasing the rate of post-
age, they have got a measure before them on
which they can do it. If, on the other hand, as
I apprehend, it is made a point with the House
that they will not increase the rate of postage, you
may see this bill fall as you saw the bill last year
fall on that point, Who wants to drive the House
into that position ? Will not the House regard it,
if you put it on here, as designed, or calculated,
at least, if not designed, to force them into that
position? I hope the Senate will adopt the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Georgia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate dispense with the reading of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Florida? The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to ask whether the
Senator from Georgia has proposed to strike out
that portion increasing the postage?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. I moved to strike
out so much as raises the rate of postage, so as to
leave in it that portion relating to the franking
privilege alone.
Mr. YULEE. I will yield to what seems to
be the desire of the Senate upon this subject, and
will strike out from the amendment all that relates
to the establishment of routes, and the ninth sec-
tion, which related to postages.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
Mr. YULEE. We leave the rest in the amend-
ment. That will still leave the question of frank-
ing to be acted upon in the House.
Mr. KING. Let that part of the amendment
which is retained be read. I have no desire to
have that portion relating to post-routes read.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand that it is exactly
the bill which we passed, striking out the post-
routes, and so much as concerns the raising of
postage.
Mr. YULEE. Precisely. The amendment
which I sent to the Chair 13 the printed bill of the
House as we sent it to them.
Mr. KING. It is but a section or two, and let
it be read.
Mr. YULEE. No; there arc several sections.
There are five sections which relate to the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. There is a section
which relates to star bids. Then there are other
sections which relate to the regulation of postage
on printed matter, the compensation of postmas-
ters, and one or two other minor matters.
Mr. KING. Let it be read.
Mr. YULEE. It was read the other day.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Flor-
ida, if the amendment he has pioposod in regard
to the franking privilege is like the bill we passed ?
Mr. YULEE. The very words of it.
Mr. WILSON. As it was amended ?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir. It is the printed copy
which we received from the House.
IV. PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York desire the amendment to be
read ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
Skc. —. *-$nd he it fur/her enacted, That the first, sixth, sev-
enth, and eighth sections of the " Act to rt duce the rates of
postage, to limit the u&c am! correct the abuse of the frank-
ing privilege, and for the pievention of fiauds on the reve-
niu'fl of the Co^t Oflice impairment,''appioved March 3,
1645; and the third, fourth, and filth sections of the act to
amend the act atoie-aul, approved Match 1, 1851, and all
otliei acts and pait->ot acta gtanting and conferring upon
any peison whom-ocvei the nu'htor privilege to receive or
tianMint through the mails of the United States, free of
postage, letters, packet-'', newspapers, periodicals, books, or
any other mutable matter punted or wiitten, be, and the
same are hereby, abiogated and repealed : Provided,never-
theless, Tli.it nothing in tins act contained Miall be con-
stiued to lepeal any special law heretofore enacted grant-
ing the franking puvilege to any ex I'lesident, or to any
person or per&ons to whom the privilege has been granted
by name.
S^e. —. ,Snd be it further enacted* That all letters, pack-
ets, newfp.ipei?, peiiodicals, public documents, and books,
printed by order of either llou^e of Cong] e?*, and all other
mailable matter, shall be picpatd bv postage stamps or
stamped envelopes before then dehvrtv at any post otfice
for traiiMinsMoii 111 the ni;u^ ; and all letteis, packets, arid
othei mailable matter, whether punted or wntten, directed
to the President or Vice PieMdent of the United States, or
to any member of ei!h>.'t Hmw> of Congress, or to the Sec-
ictary of the Senate or Ckrk of the Hou&c of Representa-
tives. shall be prepaid at the mailing ofiiee.
Sec — Ami he it further enacted. That ail letters, pack-
ets. and mailable ma'tter sent trom or duected to any of the
Evecutive Departments, bureaus, or public offices or offi-
cers, civil or military, at the seat of the General Govern-
ment, except the Post Office Department and the office of
the Auditor of the Treasury foi the Post Ofiiee Department,
shall be prepaid by postage stamps 01 stamped envelopes
before dcJiveiy at the mailing office.
Sec. — . *And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay or refund
quarterly, out of any money in the Treasury not otheiwise
appropriated, to each of the EsecuUve Departments, bu-
