1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
reaus, and offices at the seat of Government, except the
Post Office Department and the office of the Auditor for
saul Department, such amounts as the proper accounting
oihoersof the Treasury shall auditand allow as having been
expended for the purchase of postage stamps and stamped
envelopes, used or to be used for the piepayment of the
postage on letters, packets, and mailable matter sent from
their respective offices on official business ; and if the con-
tingent fund of any Executive Department, bureau or office,
with the exceptions aforesaid, shall be insufficient, after de-
fraying other expenses, to purchase the postage stamps re-
quired for the use of such Department, then, and not other-
wise, the Secretary of the Treasury may, upon the requisi-
tion of the chief officer thereof, advance such sum as shall
not exceed the estimated amountof the postages to be paid
by such office in any one quarter, to be accounted for as
other public moneys: Provided, however. That the postage
on all letters and packages fiom the President and Vice
President of the United States shall be paid by the Depart-
ment of State and the Secretary of the Senate, respect-
ively: And provided further, That officers, civil and mili-
tary, may have allowed to them, in the settlement of their
accounts by the proper accounting officers of the Govern-
ment, the postages paid by them on letters and packets sent
by them in the mails exclusively on official business ; and
that so much of the twelfth section of the "Act to estab-
lish certain post routes, and for other purposes," approved
March 3,1847, as appropriates $2130,000 each year tor the
{service therein mentioned, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed ; and that the eighth section of the " Act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage m the United States, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 3851, be, arid the
same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. —. Aiid be it further enacted, That the eighteenth
section of the " Act to reduce the rates'of postage,"&c., ap-
proved Marcli 3, 16-15, shall be so constiued as to prohibit
the Postmaster General from making contracts for the trans-
portation of the mail with any view to the transportation of
passengers, and to restrict him in making such contracts to
the acceptance of such bids only as shall provide for the
conveyance of the mails.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
first section of the act of August 30,1833, entitled an " Act
to amend the act entitled 'An act to leduce and modify the
rates of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses,' " parsed March 3,1851, as allows a deduction of
lifiy per centum fium the rates of postage e&tabh.-hed by
said act on nowspapeis and periodicals, paid quarterly or
yearly, m advance, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That from and after the
1st day of July. 18.r)9, in heu of the rates of postage now es-
tablished by law, there shall be chargcd the following rates,
to wit:
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that provision
was stricken out. The amendment as offered,
was to leave out all relating to raising the post-
age. This is a provision to raise the postage.
Mr. YULEE. That relates to printed matter.
Mr. KING. I am opposed to it.
Mr. YULEE. I was willing to strike out the
ninth section, which related to the rates of letter
postage. That was what I understood.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was all I cared about.
That was the law of 1851, which I think was
wrong.
Mr. MASON. I understand that this is the
amendment offered by the Senator from Florida.
Is that so ?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir,
Mr. MASON. I understand, also, that he has
stricken out that portion which increases the rate
of postage.
Mr. YULEE. I have done so, believing it was
the desire of the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope a vote will betaken
upon striking it out. It cannot be done by com-
mon consent. I want to record my vote against
it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Every Senator has a right to
his vote, certainly.
Mr. MASON. As I understood, the great ob-
ject we sought to obtain was, to make the Post
Office Department pay its own expenses. Now,
from the estimates of the Post Office Department,
if you do not raise the postages, it cannot pay its
own expenses; and, if the Senator leaves outthat
portion of the amendment, I shall ask a vote on
putting it back.
Mr. TOOMBS. Lot us vote.
Mr. MASON. I hope that portion will not be
left out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
had not concluded the reading of the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to have a vote taken
on the motion to strike out that portion. 1 wish
it to go with the rest abolishing the franking priv-
ilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia can move so to amend it.
Mr. IVERSON. I am about to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom New York calls for the reading of the amend-
ment. The Senator from Georgia will permit the
Secretary to finish the reading, and then he can
offer his amendment.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That from and after
the 1st day ofJuly, J 839, the postage upon all printed mat-
ter passing through the mail of the United States, instead
of the rates now charged, shall be as follows, to wit: Each
newspaper, periodical, unsealed circular, or other article
of printed matter, not exceeding three ounces m weight,
shall be sent to any1' part of the United States for one cent,
and for every additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce,
once cent additional shall be charged ; and the postage upon
newspapers and periodicals shall be paid quarterly, in ad-
vance, either at the post office where the same are de-
livered, or at the office where they are mailed ; and evi-
dence of such paynfent shall be furnished quarterly to the
office of delivery m sucii manner as the Postmaster Gene-
ral may, by general regulations, prescribe. Newspapers
and periodicals not weighing over one ounce and a half,
when circulated m the State where published, shall be
charged one half the rates above mentioned: Provided,
That small newspapers and periodicals published monthly,
or oftener, and pamphlets containing not more than six-
teen octavo pages each, when sent in single packages,
weighing at least eight ounces, to one addiess, and prepaid
by affixing postage stamps thereto, shall be charged only
half a cent for each ounce or fraction of an ounce, not-
withstanding the postage calculated on each separate arti-
cle of such package would exceed that rate: And provi-
ded further, That the publishers of weekly newspapers
may send to each actual subscuber within the county
where their papers are printed and published, one copy
thereof free of postage, and that nothing herein contained
shall prevent the free exchange of newspapeis between the
publishers theieof, as authorized by the act of 18-25, " to
reduce into one the several act«i establishing and regulating
the Post Office Department." The postage on all transient
printed matter shall be prepaid by postage stamps; and it
t'hall be the duty of each postmaster to lender quarterly to
the Post Office Department, with his regular quarteilv le
turns of postages, and in such form as the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall pier-ciibe, a particulai account of all postage by
him collected or received upon newspapers, periodicals',
and other printed matter, regular oi transient, received at
or sent fioiu his office; and it shall be the futther duty of
each postmaster at whose office one ormoie lettei-carriers
are employed to lender quarterly, as aforesaid, a particular
account ot all moncjs received from and paid to each let
ter carrier during the quarter.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That m place of the
compensation now allowed deputy postmasteis, the Post-
ina.-tei General be, and he is hereby, authorized to aiiow
them comim^ions at not exceeding the following r.-.tes, on
the letter postage collected at their lespecltve offices in each
quartei of the year, and in due ptoportion for any pcnod
le«s than a quarter, namely : On any turn not exceeding
$100, forty per centum ; but any postmaster, at whose office
the mail is to arrive regularly between the hours of nine
o'clock at night and five o'clock in the mo'ning may be al-
lowed fifty per centum on the first §100. On any  uinovt:r
and above 4'JOO, and not exceeding $400, thirty-three and
one third per centum. On any sum over and above $401),
but not exceeding $'2,400, thirty per centum. On any sum
over and above the first $2,400, twelve and a half per centum.
On the amount of postage on letters and packages received
at a distributing office for distuhution, not exceeding ten per
centum. And on the moneys arising from the postage on
newspapers, periodicals, pamphlets, and other printed mat-
ter, the Postmaster General may allow a commission of not
exceeding fifty per centum. Each postmaster who shall be
required to keep a lcgistcr of the arrival and departure of
the mails, shall be allowed ten cents foi each monthly re-
turn which lie makes to the Postmaster General; and each
postmastei may be allowed two mills for the delivery fiom
Ins ofhee, to an actual subscriber, of each weekly newspa-
per entitled to go free m the mails, except exchange papeis.
And no other of fuithei allowances whatever shall be made
to an) postrna-tfi, exempt from the rents of boxes or pigeon-
holes now authorized by law : and the commissions
and allowances authorized bythi^act shall be subject to
the piovisions of the iorty-first section of the act entitled
"An act'to reduce info one the seveial acts establishing and
i r-eulatnig the Pon Office Department, approved Maich 3,
382.3 and that the fourth section of the act approved July
•27, 1854, entitled " An act making piovision lor the p<wt«il
service in the State of California and m the Terufories of
Oietjon and Washington," be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. —, <And be it further enacted, That this act shall go
into effect on and aftei the 1st day of July, 1859.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now in
order for the Senator from Georgia to move his
amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Florida, who has charge of this amend-
ment, proposes to put in the whole of it, and al-
low my colleague or any person to move tostiike
it out.
Mr. YULEE. I do not.
-  Mr. IVERSON. Then I move to insert the
eighth section, which raises the postage to five
cents; and 1 make the motion for this reason: The
Senate lias adopted a provision increasing the
postage to five cents. It has been put upon what
is called the post route bill. That has gone to
the House of Representatives, and it is possible
that the House of Representatives may lefuse to
adopt the amendment. Suppose it should come
back here, and the Senate should insist upon the
increase of postage, and the House of Represent-
atives should insist: then the post route bill, which
is an unimportant one at best, may be suffered to
fall; and I venture to assert if the House of Rep-
resentatives are not disposed to increase the post-
age, they would let the post route bill go to the
Devil before they would increase the rate of post-
age. ' „ .
Mr. HALE. Oh, do not say that.
Mr. IVERSON. Well, I will take that back.
They would allow it to fall, before they would
increase the rate of postage. Now, if we put it
on the Post Office appropriation bill which appro-
priates money for the postal department,of the
Government, then we can force the House of Rep-
resentatives to adopt this measure, if the major-
ity of the Senate stand firm. If we are in earnest
upon increasing this postage to five cents, if the
majority of the Senate are determined to adhere
to it, the House of Representatives would yield
rather than give up the Post Office bill. If this
bill falls, the postal service of the United States
will be cut off, and the House of Representatives
will do no such thing. I have no apprehension
that they will allow this bill to fall; but they may
allow the post route bill to fall, which is a matter
of comparative indifference and unimportance. I
trust that we shall adhere to the amendment on
this bill, and force the House of Representatives
to take it here, if they do not take it in the other
bill. That is my object, and I ask for the yeas
and nays on my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia, to insert:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day ofJuly, 1859, in lieu of the rates of postage now
established by law, there shall be charged the following
lates, to wit: For every single lettei, in ma,nuscnpt, or
paper of any kind, in which information shall be asked for
or communicated in writing, or by marks or signs, conveyed
in the mail for any distance between places'ui the United
States not exeeedmg tinee thousand miles, five cents, and
] for any distance over three thousand miles, ten cents ; and
! for a double letter theie shall be charged double these rates;
' and for a treble letter, treble these rates ; and every letter
i or parcel not exceeding half an ounce in weight shall be
deemed a .-ingle letter ; and every additional weight ofhalf
an ounce, or additional weight of less than half an ounce,
shall be chaiged with an additional single rate of postage.
And there shall be chained foi hitters conveyed in the mail,
wholly or m part by s >a, and to oi fiom a foreign country,
without regard to distance, ten cents for each halfounce m
weight, or additional weight of less than half an ounce, ex-
cepting, hovvcvei, all cases in which such postage bad been
or shall be adjusted at diffeient rates by postal treaty or
convention aheady concluded or hereafter to be made. And
every letter or packet biought into the United States, or
carried from one pott therein to another in any private ship
oi vess-el, bhall be chaiged with five cents, if delivered at
the postofiice where the same shall ariive ; and If destined
to be conveyed thence by post to any place, two centsshall
be added to the ordinary rales of postage. All drop letters,
or letters placed in any post office not lor transmission, but
for delivery only, shall be charged with postage at the late
of one cent each, to be prepaid" by postage stamps and ac-
counted for as other letter postages. And all letters which
shall hereafter be advemsed as lemaining over, oi uncalled
foi, m any postofiice, shall be charged with on<% cent each in
' addition to the regulai postage, to lie accounted for as post-
ages now are. And upon all letters passing tinough or in
i the mails of the United States, excepting such as are to or
! fiom a foreign country, and letter's and packages to and
j i from any ex-President of the United States, or any person
I- or persons to whom the franking privilege has been gianted
!! by name, and letters and packages to and from.the officers
| ofthe Po%t Office Department and of the Auditor's office of
the Postofiice Department, exclusively on official business,
the rates of postage hereby' established, shall be prepaid by
postage stamps, or stamped envelopes, or m money, if the
Postmaster General shall so duect.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 27; as followsr
!j YEAS—Messrs.Chesnuf, Clay, Clmginan, Davis, Fiteb,
| Green, Gwm, IJuntei, Iveit-on, Johnson ol Arkansas, Jobn-
son of Tennessee, Lane, Mason, Polk, Eeid, Sebastian,
i| Shdell, Smith, and VTaid—19.
i; NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bisrler, Bmdeuck, Cameron,
| Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Poohttle, Douglas,
; Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Ilarlan,
:! King, I'ugh, Rice, Sewaid, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs,
Trumbull^ Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
!i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Florida.
Mr. MASON. There seems to be a sort of
| policy in rejecting the proposition of the Senator
i from Georgia which I think I understand, but
certainly do not appreciate. We have sent to
I' the other House a series of amendments, and
;; there is embraced in it one to raise the postage.
;■ I understand, by the estimates from the Depart-
ment, that if we make the curtailments proposed
lj by those amendments, and do not raise the post-
ji age, the Department cannot sustain itself from
!j the postage. Now, if we send to the other House
jj the same series of amendments, and leave out
