384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
motion to adjourn. I will make it if be will allow
Kin, [''KOino!"}
Mr. BAYAUD. I do not understand the rule
of order of the Senate to require that you shall
adjourn fi om day to day. The standing order of
the Senate fixes the.time of nteeting at twelve
o'clock, until that is altered^ but I do not know
of any standing order that requires that you shall
adjourn from day to day;and certainly the usage
of the Senate under our rules, (and.that is the
best exposition of the rules,) has been invariably,
since I have been a member of this body, that a
motion to adjourn over, if made when no other
subject was before you, was always in order with-
out previous notice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the piesent occupant of the Chair is based on
the 11th rule, which has been read, that while
there is a subject under debate these motions
which are enumerated in the rule are the only
motions that can be received. That is the ex-
press language of the rule. From that, an appeal
has been taken. The other question alluded to
by the Senator from Delaware, the Chair has not
touched. The question is, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate r"
The question being: put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained; there being, on a division—
yeas 25, noes 18.
Mr. If ALE. I renew the motion of the Sen-
ator from Aikansas, that this bill be laid aside for
two minutes.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. To relieve ourselves from
this difficulty, by unanimous consent, I presume
it will be consented that the bill be postponed-to
allow a direct motion to adjourn over to Monday
to be made, and the sense oi the Senate to be taken
upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate ad-
join n.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yea* and nays, lam opposed to abandoning* i he
public, business in this wny.
The yeas and nays weie ordered, and taken.
Mr. 'HIOMPSON, of Kentucky, when his
name was called, said: I wi.sh to say but a word.
My mind has undergone a very lapid change
since you commenced taking the vote. The public,
affairs seemed then to be murky and discolored;
but 1 never saw a moi e goigeous and beautiful sun-
rise break tin my vimou. Under this new light,
1 «hall vote nay." I am willing to sit here now
and woikall night. [Laughter.j
[The honorable irentleman alluded to the illu-
mination of the Senate Chamber by I he gas, wl.ich
burst upon the assembled Senators lor the first
time, aHording a solt and beautiful li^ht, scarcely
ditaii'^u^liable from the light of day.]
The result was announced—yeas 2*1, nays 25;
as follows:
YE V: — ?,!>•«.is. riiil'T, HioJonek, Brown, Cninoion.
Ch.iinlic!. { I.iik. C'>il.!!tr r, Doo'i.fle, Puikec,
I'Vifii. Fiizp.u. k K, f'not. li.nnliii, ll.u la-1, 11 una-i.
Iver, on, Joim-on O' Tljiii-'-ec, .Ma-oii. Polk, Milium.n-.,
fc>tu:m, <!ml Wad"—21.
NAV?—• !*]<•>-in. Allen, P>nvaid, Pell, ("lie-nut. Clay,
Ooreix'en. Fo-u'r, tiroo-i. Hale, Johiuo,) ol Aikan-a-,
AluSiOiy, LV.uce, Pti'ilk Heal, Uire, Sehu-tiau, Sew
ard, rflii'-ld's, Thompson ot Kentucky, Tooinb-, Tiuinbull,
Waid, WiLon, and Wjight—~j.
So the Senate lefused to adjourn.
Mr. PUGil. Now I hope we shall take a vote
on the proposition of the Senator Irom Arkansas
io lay aside tins bill tor two minutes.
Mi. JuKNSON, of Arkansas. I believe the
motion io .uijwurn over until Alonday can now
Le vi.'i. d upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiorn Arkansas moved to postpone the bill for a
time, winch has transpired.
Mr. jLUGLEIc. It can be done by common
consent.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I should like
to know what wtli be in order? 1 will make a
motnm to suit i he Cinnr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can make a motion to postpone the bill until to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I make that
mot:on.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mi'. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I now move
that when we adjourn to-day, we adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. IVERSON". That question is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays,
at any jate. 1 will not trespass on the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 23; as follows:
YE \S~ Messrs. Allen, Bayard. Bcli. Orodcrick, Came-
ron, Ciie^nut, Clav, Crittenden, Fostei, Hale. Johnson of
Aikan^a^, Kuiff, i\I,diary, Mason, Pearcc, Piujh, Heha-nian,
j t^i'Meld-. ^1uai!. ThoiiipMiu of Kentucky, Toombs, Tiuui-
I bu'1. Waid. and Wn<>ht—24
! NAYS—Biglei.Chandler,Cl;uk, Collam^r,Doo-
i litt'e, Dontji-^j Duikee, Fitzpaiuek, Foot, G.eeh, Hamlin,
! Uanun. H-ninon. Ilui.ter, lvei?>oti, Johnson of Tennessee,
j Polk, lleid, Rice, Seward. Simmon*, Wade, and Wilson—
i 23.
} So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
| On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate ad-
!journcd.
| HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
j Friday, Junuary 14, 1859.
| The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
j by Rev. Geoilge W. Samson, D. D.
! The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
| COAL FOR THE NAVY.
| Mr. KUNKEL, of .Pennsylvania, by unani-
i mnus consent.submitted the following resolution;
! which was read, considered, and agreed to:
j 2ie>nlirJ. T!uu the Secietaiy of the N.ivv he requested
I to t'uiii 1 h to the iloa^e of Repie-entative-, at as eaiiy a j
( d.n .Is pr.iei'C'thle, a Mal"!nent o! tiie qnanuiv of en.il used
tiie N.ivy •.iik'!' the inlindtieuoij of it into the >eiviee
nesses ready to be examined at that time. I move
to amend the resolution so as to give the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary the same power.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary having a stenographer;
but I hope he will not delay or embarrass my res-
olution by such an amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on the Jud^iary whether they
have not, ur> to this time., employed a clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a clerk to the com-
mittee, but not such a clerk as can take down evi-
dence given before the committee. If the House
has the least disinclination to my amendment, I
will not delay the resolution of the geutleman from
Maryland by offering it. But if we are not al-
lowed a stenographer, that closes up the examin-
] atioii^ because no ordinary clerk, and noextraor-
j dmary clerk, unless he be a stenographer, can
[ take down the evidence as it is given before the
j committee. I presume there is no objection to the
; amendment.
j No objection was made.
| The resolution, as amended, was then adopted,
I as follows: $
I Resolved, That {he eelect committee appointed to ex-
i ammo the accounts ot the late Supennreadcnt ot'Public
1 Piiiiinej bo autiiO! ized to employ a stenographer, at the late
■ of compensation paid for tepoitiu? by the propnetor of thj
j Glone, and that tae Judiciary Couimirtee be authorized, in
I like manner, to employ a ftunogiapiier in the investigation
of tho ewe of Jiiug; Invm
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HATCH. I ask tho unanimous consent
ai-o, the amount of eomi'ii—ions j>;n.t in the diit'ereni eoal ;j of the House to introduce a resolution calling for
"  ........ ... .. ... infouna ion.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HATCH. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to intioduceu iesolution calling for in-
formation merely.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is not the bill
in reference to tho claim of the States of Georgia
and Al.ibama, for depredations eommittrd by the
Cr> ek Indians, the special order of to-day ?
The SPEAKER. It is in Committee of the
Whole Mouse.
Mr. S TEPilENS, of Georgia. I move to post-
pone that snrciai order until this day week.
Mr. II ETCHiE. I take it that that motion is
itself out of ord>T.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to the .suggestion made by the gentleman
irom Georgia, but 1 believe it requires unanimous
consent to postpone a special order, unless it is
done imd< r a Ka.-p'Misi'Ui of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chan* thinks the opin-
ion of too 'iomleman from Maine is correct.
Mr. Ill roil IE. Will not next Fuduy be ob-
jection day ?
Tho isP'EAKER. It will not.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to the motion; and
call for the regular older of business.
The SPEAKER: Rcposts ftom comm.itees
are in order, beginning With tho Committee of
Elections.
JAtaES P- COOK.
agents since the >eai 1K./J, and by what aiuijouty of law
buch ofiicera aic appointed.
EMPLOYMENT OF STENOGRAPHERS.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the select
committee appointed to investigate the accounts
of the late Superintendent of Public Printing, to
submit (he following resolution:
liesolrrd, Tint the select committee appointed to inve^-
le;at.' the account^ of the lite Superintendent of Public
Pniilnr.' he authonzed to employ a Menogiaphcr, at tiie
uoiai ot eotiipeii-anoa.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not object to that res-
olution, if the gentleman will modify it so that
there shall be no more trouble about -compensa-
tion. At the last session of Congress the Com-
mittee on the ,1 udieiary employed a stenographer,
and so did other committees. Before tho stenog-
rapher wi«^ employed by the Judiciary Commit-
t( e an understanding was had with him, as I sup-
posed, as to tho amount of compensation ho was |
to leceive; and when I was calh d upon, as the 1
chan man of the commhtee, to cer'ify his account, I
I fou.id tbat other committees of the House who
had employed stenographers, weio certifying for
a much Luiivr amount than 1 cettilled for or had ;
contiacted tor. Now, I shall object to thus resolu- ,
tion, unless u shall bu so amended as to provide .
distinctly v. hat compensation shall be paid to the [
steno^iaphei. It should be four dollars or four ;
dollars a«vl a half a column, or the amount paid !
to t he repoi ?ei 3 for the Globe.
Afr.--SMITH, of Virginia. Make it four dol- !
lars a day. j
Air. HOUSTON. Tiie objection to paying by i
the day is this: that you cannot toll what a day ;
is. Sometimes the stenographer is only employed i
lor half an hour in the morning, sometimes an ,
hour, and never more than two hours. The com- ,
pensaiion allowed should be the same as that paid
to the 1 eporteis for the Globe.
Air. HARRIS. The committee have no desire
to pay an i-xorbitant rate of compensation: they 1
are disposed io taoke the best, bargain they can 1
under the circumstances. It is evident that we
shall be obliged to employ a stenographer. We
have no objection to amend the resolution so as 1
to .•uliio,-;.'"' us to nay the same rate of compen-
s rtrhn paid for. reporting by tho proprietor of the
Cfiohe.
! Mr. HOUSTON.
| The SPEAKER.
| amended.
j .Air. HOUSTON. I have not been instructed
| by tho Committee 00 the Judiciary to propose
any such resolution, bur f presume it is an over-
sight in myself, in not culling the attention of
the committee to the subject. On Tuesday next
the case of Judge Irwin will be taken up by the
comruiUeu. We have some ten or a dozen wit-
Timt v/ii! ho satisfactory.
The resjiation will bo ho
_ Mr. PHILLIPS, Amn the Committee of Elec-
tions, repoi ted a bill for the relief of James P.
Cook; which was road afhst and second time,
referred t'  a Committee of 1 he Who!'"1 House, and,
with tlie report, ordered to be printed.
FRANCE i A. CIJSUONS AJN'D OTHERS.
Mr. MAYNAUD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill (C. C. No. 1G) for
ttie relief oi" Ftancis A. Gibnons and Francis 5?.
K< 1L y; which was referred to a Committee of the
Wnole lioiue, and, with tiie repoit, ordered to
be prmted. „
WILLIAM A. HA MILL.
Air. JO UN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill authorizing the
I Secretary of toe Treasury to grant u register for
the schooner William A. Ilamili; which was read
'a first and second time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the bill
be put on its passage.
Tho bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be granted, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of tiie Treasury, a register for the schooner
William A. Iiamill, lying m the port of Balti-
more, and now owned by Robert Dorritie, a citi-
