THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. p.
Thirty-Fifth Conge.ess, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1859.
New Series...iNo, 25.:
zen of the United States; provided it shall be
proved she was enrolled ae an American vessel,
and that she was owned in whole by citizens of the
United States at the time she was stranded upon
a reef near Abaco, one of the Bahama Islands.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to the bill. The com-
mittees are now being called for reports, in order
that tliey may go upon the Calendar, and not to
put bills upon their passage. I object to this bill
being put upon its passage. It is not a private
bill. ^ •
Mr. JOIIN COCHRANE, fflo not understand
the rules to require such a course.
The SPEAKER. Reports are called for of a
private nature; and if the gentleman had made
his objection when the gentleman from New
York proposed to report this bill, the Chair would
have sustained the gentleman's objection. This
- is not strictly a private bill. It has been received,
however, and read twice.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object that it is not a pri-
vate bill. I do not think it is too late.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The facts stated in
the bill to be proved before it shall go into effect,
have been proved to the satisfaction of the com-
mittee, and to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, whose approval of the bill I now
hold in my hand.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it wasaccord-
ingly read the third time, and passsd.
STEAMERS AMERICA AND CANADA.
Mr. EUST1S proposed to report back, from the
Committee on Commerce, Senate bill (No. 493,)
authoilzmgtheissue ofregisters to the steamships
America and Canada, and to change the names of
said ships.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object, if it is not a private
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is not a private bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. When the House has gone
through with the call of the committees I do not
care what it does.
Mr. COBB. I ask leave to report some resolu-
tions from the Committee en Public Lands, in
reference to a railroad. I do it for the purpose of
facilitating the transaction of business.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 object.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, fiom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined'and
found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 3'3) to repeal '
an act entitled " An actanthorszuigthe Secretary
of the Treasury to change the name of vessels m
certain cases, " approved March 5, 185G; when
the Speaker signed the same.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
On motion of Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered,^ That tho Committee on Piibtie Lands be dis-
ohmged from the further consideiation of tile following
cat-ey, and that tlie same be laid upon the table:
Tile petition ot Juiln H. Maimer, and sixty-four others,
citizens of New Jersey, against further traffic in, and mo-
i.npolj ol, the public land- ; and in favor ot lajni" them out
111 latins and lots ot limited bize, for the flee and exclusive
use ol souifib not possessed of other lands.
The petition of VVilliam S.Oolqulioun, puiyingfoi bounty
land on account of services in tho wai of 18i-2; and
The memoiidl oi* the tiu^lce&ofthe university atAthens,
Ohio, pra>uig ioi the grant by Congress of a township of
laud.
THERESA DARJDEKNE.
Mr. RUFFiN, from the Committee on Public i
Lands, reported back Senate bill (No. 434) for j
the relief of Theiesa Dardt-nne, widow of Abra- !
hamDardenne,deceabcd,andtheirchildren;which ,
was referred to a Committee of the "Whole House, '
and, with the accompanying papers, ordered to
be printed. ;
JOHN DONNELSON AND OTHERS. :
Mr. RUFFIN also, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 54) to revive and ]
extend an act entitled an "Act for the relief of.
the representatives of John Donnclson, Stephen 1
25
Heard, and others,"approved May 24r 1854, and
the several acts extending, continuing, and reviv-
ing the .same; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing papers, ordered to be printed.
HANNA AND HUBBARD.
Mr. RUFPIJST also, from the same committee,
presented an adverse report on the petition of A.
ilanna and James Hubbard; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MECHANICS' LIENS ON BUILDINGS.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. T am directed by
the Committee for the District of Columbia, to
which was referred Senate bill (No. 182) for the
enforcementof mechanics' liens 011 buildings,&c.,
in the District of Columbia, to report it back with
a recommendation that it do pass. There is a
great necessity for the passage of this bill; and it
will probably be lost for %vant of action unless put
upon its passage now.
Mr. STANTON. That is not a private bill, I
think.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the same
opinion.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I object to its being
reported till after the committees have been called.
I will not object to it then.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, presented adverse reports on the peti-
tions of W. McKmzie and others, of Ohio, and
of Thomas C. Ware; which were laid 011 the ta-
ble, ordered to be printed, and the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
UNITED STATES COURT AT TRENTON.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am also instructed, by the
same committee, to report a bill to compensate the
State of New Jersey for the use of court-rooms
for the United States court in the State-House at
Trenton, in said State.
Mr. RITCHIE. Does the Chair decide that to
be a private bill ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a bill to pay the State
of New Jersey ^>1,100 for the use of court-rooms
for two years and mile mouths. It seems to me
to be a private bill.
The SPKAXvER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is a private bill If it were to pay ail individ-
ual instead of the State of New Jersey, it cer-
tainly would be a private b.ll.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask to have the bill put
upon its passage. The papers accompanying it
show this to be a just claim. For the precise ac-
commodations that are covered by this bill for
two years and nine months, the Government is
now paying to the State of New Jersey £,800 per
annym.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It directs the payment to the treasurer of the
State of New Jersey of the sum of $1,100, being
at the rate of $400 per annum, in full for the pay-
ment of arrears of rent alleged to be due 011 ac-
count of the occupation of rooms in the State-
House at Trenton by the United States courts,
from April 1, 1855, to January 1, 185S.
Mr. STANTON. Unless tlierc be something
peculiar in this case, it seems'to me that the bill
ought not to pass. It has been customaiy for the
courts of the United States to occupy court-houses
in all the States of the Northwest, and, I think,
the North, without any charge for rent. If this
thing is now to be allowed, v/e will have plenty
of claims of a similar nature from other States.
tended to cover the period jof time from the 1st
of April, 1855, to the 1st of January, 1858. .
Mr. STANTON. For which, as I understand
it, there was no contract to pay rent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not certain that there
was, in terras, a contract, but there was an un-
derstanding in regard to the payment of rent; and
rent was p^.id for the period preceding the 1st of
April, 1855. As a matter of course," the State of
New Jersey regarded that as a contract, o*r as a
settlement of the terms. After April, 1855, there
was no appropriation made, though the court-
rooms were occupied.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman if he
knows any other" instance in which the United
| States ever paid rent for court-rooms occupied in
State-Houses ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot answer the gentle-
man very satisfactorily, but I know that the
United States courts are now paying rent in al-
most all the States, in some shape or other, where
they have not court-rooms of their own. /
Mr. STANTON. If this principle is estab-
lished we, in Ohio, will have claims of a like na-
ture which we will bring up in good time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. And we, in Kentucky,
also. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee whether hf knows of an
instance where a court-house has been furnished
for the use of the Federal courts, in which rent
has not been invariably paid—whether that is not
the uniform practice ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is my impression that rent
is paid in all these cases; but I cannot answer the
question definitely. In this case, however, I will
say this, that the Government, under a quasi con-
tract with the State of New Jersey, paid $200 per
annum, as the papers accompanying this bill
show, for the use of the rooms up to the 1st of
April, 1855. At or about that time the State of
New Jersey added to the accommodations of the
court by warming the rooms, furnishing lights,
providing jury-rooms, and granting the use of the
State library. All of these things the Committee
on the Judiciary believe ought to entitle the State
to compensation of at least $400 per annum. Tho
Slate of New Jersey certainly had a right to sup-
pose that she would be paid for the use of her
rooms, becausc she had been paid under the same
circumstances up to April 1, 1855; and the Sec-
retary of ■ the Interior states, in a letter which ac-
companies this bill, and which I will ask to have
read if there is any difficulty in the case, that if
the account had been presented and an appropri-
ation had been made, he would have paid the rent
i just as lie had paid it up to 1855.
i Mr. ADRAIN. Coming from New Jersey, I
; suppose I have a right to say a word upon this
subject. From the statement of the chairman of
; the Judiciary Committee, it appears that rent was
! paid to the State of New Jersey for the use of the
i court-rooms at Trenton, up to the 1st of April,
1 1855, and from that time no rent has been paid.
, But there was an understanding—an implied un-
; derstanding between the Government of the Uni-
t ted States and the State of New Jersey, that rent
i would still be paid, and the State of New Jersey
I went 011, under that understanding, and afforded
i additional accommodation to the United States
courts at Trenton, furnishing fuel and lights.
It has been remarked here that the Government
ought to have the use of court-rooms in all (ha
' States. I deny it. The Government of'the United
States lias 110 right to go into a State—to Trenton,
in New Jersey, or anywhere else—and use rooms
♦ Urtv.., U ^ 4I1 ^ f <1 «n f All f w n V 1 (r V"\
If there was any contract or ie^al obligation en- ^there belonging to the State, without making pro-
tered into, that wiji make a difference. u per compensation for the use of them. It is not
Mr. HOUSTON. There was an appropriation ]J right or just. .Besides that, it appears that tho
for the payment of rent for some years preceding; j] Government has been in the habit of paying rent
the period covered by this bill. After the 1st of tj in this case, and the State of New Jeisey has gonu
Aprii, there was no appropriation, but the courts ii on and afforded additional accommodations, with
continued to occupy tho rooms which they had ;! the impression and belief that the Government
previously occupied. From the 1st of January, i| would still continue to pay rent for the use of the
the Government made a contract with tho rooms. T hope, therefore, that the bill will pass,
authorities of the State of New Jersey, by which j Mr. UNDERWOOD. Air. Speaker, I will not
an annual rent is to be paid. This bill is in- |j debate this question further. I desire only to ob-
