1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
House. The matter now before us is the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think that the gentleman,
instead of stating a point of order, is discussing
the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
hear the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be necessary, in order
to make my statement, I will take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. It is true that the
House bill has not passed so that we cannot
amend it; for by disagreeing to what the Senate
has done, we thereby bring up the House bill;
but the Chair will observe that in that course of
procedure we pass upon a public bill upon a pri-
vate bill day, and may send a public bill to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, which is inconsistent, and, if I may be
permitted to say it in all respect, an absurd thing.
A public biil cannot go upon the Private Calendar
under the rules, and such a bill has no right to
any consideration to-day. The matter we are to
consider is now presented by the amendment of
the Senate, and that makes public provisions. I
lay it down as my opinion of the principles that
ousht to control the ruling of the Chair, and which
will facilitate the progress of business here, that
.the decision ought to be with reference to the
pending question. If that be not done, it will be
competent for the Senate to utterly evade the op-
eration of the rules of this House by attaching to
private bills all manner of public and general pro-
visions of legislation. Nor do I care whether the
amendments are germane or not. The piinciple
of ruling I have stated is the fair one, one most
in compliance with our rules, and, sir, the best
calculated to insure decorum 111 our deliberations
and regularity in our proceedings. If it he not
carried out in practice, we will have our public
and private bills blended and mixed, and the re-
sult will be delay occasioned by confusion one
with the other. There will be no end to embar-
rassments and difficulties on that account. I re-
new the point of order, if the Chair will receive it.
Mr. BOCOCK. It will hardly be necessary for
me to make any suggestion to the Chair in answer
to the remarks of the gentleman from Alabama,
for I know the precision with which the Chair
makes his decisions. I believe that he has made
no suggestion wluc'n can give the Chair the least
difficulty. He has said that the Chair ought^ to
determine this matter by the proposition pending
before the House.
What, sir", is the proposition before the House?
Here is a bill reported ill the House, and passed
by this House. It went to the Senate, and the
Senate incorporated an amendment on it. Nov/,
the question is whether the character of this bill
is to be determined by ihc bill itself, or by the
Senate amendment? Does the amendment put in
by the Senate control the character of our bill, or
docs our bill control its own character? Here are
two conflicting propositions, conflicting in their
nature, pending before the House. One is of a
public, the other of a private character. If a pub-
lic bill cannot go upon the Private Calendar, 110
more can a private bill go upon the Public Cal-
endar. The argument of the gentleman from Ala-
bama is, that because the Senate puts an amend-
ment of a public character upon a private bill,
therefore that private bill undergoes a change,
becomes of a public character, and must go on
the Public Calendar.
Mr. HOPKINS. I would make this suggestion
to my colleague: So far as the bill is concerned,
this House has done with it; and the only isolated
question now addressed to the House is whether
it will concur in the amendment. Then the ques-
tion is whether the amendment is of a private or
of a public character.
Mr. BOCOCK. The House has not done with
the bill, for it is in the power of the House at
this moment to lay the bill and amendment and
every thing on the table. The bill itscdf, is, there-
fore, yet in the power of the House. The Chan-
is to rule whether this is a private or a public bill.
If the Chair decides that the Senate amendment
gives tone to it, then the prigate bill becomes a
public one; otherwise the bill goes on the Private
Calendar. I do not think that because the rules
of the Senate difl'er from ours, that throws any
doubt oil the question, whether it is on the char-
acter of our own bill, and not oil the character of
the Senate amendment, that we are to decide.
Suppose that, by accident, a private bill was pend-
ing before the House, and that on the motion of
some gentleman, an amendment of a public char-
acter was attached to it—no point of order being
made upon it—would that fact make the bill a
public one? I presume it would not. I presume
it is the bill itself that governs its character, and
not the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I may be permitted, I will
say one word on the last illustration of the gentle-
man from Virginia. Pie supposes the case that the
House shall put upon a private bill an amend-
ment of a public character, and asks whether that
would make the bill a public bill. I say to the
gentleman, and I think the Chair will sustain me
in it, that if a committee of the House should re-
port a bill for a private claim, and at the same
time attach to it a provision of a public character,
the Chair would not hesitate to rule that to be a
public bill. The gentleman's supposition, how-
ever, is based upon the failure of the House to
administer its rules and to exclude from a private
bill a provision of a public character. But to take
up the gentleman's own illustration, and to carry
it a little further. Let me suppose the case of a
private bill being reported to the House, but with
a section embodying a genera! public provision in
it—acknowledged to be such, as in this case; and
I presume 1 do not mistake the judgment of the
Chair, in saying that the Chair would rule that to
be a public bill.
But, Mr. Speaker, we are arguing the law of
the case, as it slmuld be administered in the rul-
ings of the Chair and of the House. It is neces-
sary for the House to vindicate its own integrity
in the legislation of the country. It is the duty
of the House, as I regard it, to prevent the Sen-
ate from foisting upon our bills provisions that
are obnoxious ifrom their want of relevancy and
sermaneness to such bills. It is time that we
should exhibit to the Senate a determination not
to be forced out of order, in violation of our own
rules, and not to consider propositions as amend-
ments to appropriation and other bills which, un-
der the rules of the House, would be promptly
ruled out of order if presented here in the first
instance. The suggestion made by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Hopkins] seems to me very
pointed, and I had almost said conclusive. This
blouse has passed from the bill as it was before
us; we have acted upon it; and, so far as our ac-
tion couId make it so. that bill is a law of the
land. The Senate, however, having a right to
pass upon it, attached to it provisions that are
acknowledged to be of a public nature.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, then- Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed joint resolutions
of the following titles, in which he was instructed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (No. 70) for the relief of Com-
mander H. J. Hartstene, of the United States
Navy; and
A resolution (No. 63) authorizing _the settle-
ments of the accounts of Itcdiek McKee.
Mr. KEITT. 1 ask the House, as a matter of
courtesy, to take up the lesolution for the relief
of Commander Hartstene, just sent in by the
Senate, and pat it on its passage. It is merely to
refund to him the necessary expenses incurred
by him m delivering up the British bark Reso-
hite.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. I voted
, against sending that vessel to England. Ivoted
j against everything conneetcd with it; and I intend
! to do so no*r.
Mr. MILES. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the vote be
taken on the resolution by yeas and nays, I will
not object.
Mr. MILES. Certainly; the yeas and nays
will be given.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
taken up.
pursers' clerks again.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was illustrating, or en-
doavoi nig to do so, the principle of the suggestion
made by tin1 gentleman from Virginia 
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; and I presume debate on.that
is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had, perhaps,
better make a.ruling before the gentleman; from
Alabama appeals. . ' .
Mr. HOUSTON. Ah! I hope, then,! I shall
not be under the necessity of appealing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
this House must receive and consider this bill as
a private bill. The original bill is that which
must give character, in the judgment of the Chair,
to the proceeding. Were it otherwise, it would
enable the Senate to determine in what light and
character our bills should be considered when
they sent them back. f . ■
For instance: we send a'private*bill to the Sen-
ate. They desire to defeat it. They put on a pub-
lic bill as an amendment to it. Under the rule
contended for by the gentleman from Alabama,
when they send it back here the House is- com-
pelled to consider it in a different way from that
which the original bill required.
Again: to consider this amendment of the Sen-
ate to a private bill as a public bill,-the Chair is
required to assume that the House will adopt the
amendment. To illustrate this, suppose this bill
is sent to a committee, according to the view of
the gentleman from Alabama, it must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; a vote is taken upon the amendment, and
it is rejected, and then the bill is left m an improper
committee. The assumption is that the House
will adopt the amendment, and so assuming, the
gentleman from Alabama insists that the bill shall
be sent to the public committee instead of to the
private committee.
Mr. RITCHIE. I believe I originally raised
tho point of order. I now withdraw it, believing
that the Chair is clearly right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama renewed the point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to answer the last
suggestion of the Chair, and for that purpose, I
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate if it is out
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman had better
inform himself whether debate is in order or not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama appeals from the decision of the Chair, de-
ciding that the report is in order, and'he has a
right to be heard upon the appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; and I suppose that
most of the members of the House knew that
fact. I will fiist answer the last suggestion made
by the Speaker. The Speaker says that suppose
this bill and amendment were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
because the amendment of the Senate, which is in
the nature of a substitute, embraces matter of a
public character; and suppose the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union should dis-
agree to the amendment, then the bill would be in
the wrong committee. Nov/, will not the Chair
acknowledge the fact that whenever the amend-
ment is acted on in committee, no further action
! can be taken on the bill ? The bill will then have
: passed from the jurisdiction of the House, so far
' as action is concerned, and there will be no need
] of further consideration of it either in a private or
| a pablic committee. The amendment is all that
| we are called to act upon, and it is clearly of a
! public character.
I Mr. MILLSOX^. I desire, with the gentle- ,
I man's permission, to set him right upon the facts,
j and I think we shall save a great deal of time if
gentlemen will only inform themselves of the
; merits of the proposition before the House, before
I they proceed to debate it. Why, sir, this is a
| matter involving, perhaps, the smallest and most
insignificantexpenditure that has come before the
House this session, and yet it has already led to
considerable discussion on three several days.
I But I merely rose to direct the attention of the
| gentleman from Alabama to certain facts, Con-
j curring altogether in the correctness of the de-
I cision of the Chair upon the supposition that the
ji Senate have sent a public bill—■—
l! Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not think the gentle-
II man's argument is very appropriate in my speech.
If he wants to correct my facts, of course, I will
allow him to do so; but I certainly cannot allow
him to make an argument
