1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
inglyfarand wide in the country, and it was hoppd
that that gentleman would have pointed outsome
place wherein the expenses could be reduced;
hut, sir, instead of doing so he indicated his opin-
ion that, upon that particular bill, we should be
more liberal in our appropriations. Now, sir, I
was desirous of obtaining the floor that I might
show wherein we could reduce our expenses m
one item of this bill nearly half a million dollars,
without detriment to the public service. Not-
withstanding all that has been said about retrench-
ment and reform; notwithstanding that the public
is becoming clamorous because of your lavish and
wanton expenditure of the public money, I will
venture to declare that your appropt iations for
this very session will not fall a dollar below the
extravagant estimates thatwcie sent in here at
the beginning of the session.
Now, sir, in good faith, I make this motion to
strike out this appropriation for the coast sui vey.
I make it because I believe that, as now carried
on, the country is deriving no advantage at all
commensurate with the cost. It may be alleged
that I oppose this coast survey because I am a
western man, and my constituents do not derive
any direct benefit from it; but, sir, i deny that I
am influenced by any such motive, if this coast
survey is valuable to the country at all, then1 is
no bcction of the country more interested in it
than is the State of Wisconsin. The pretense
under which this coast survey is prosecuted is,
that if benefits our commerce, and conduces to the
safety of those who go down to the sea in ships.
If this be true, it will readily be yeen thai the peo-
ple of Wisconsin aiedeeply interested in it, when
i tell you that two fifi hs of all our in ha in tan is are
natives of the Old Woild,and have crossed the
ocean. Then friends are constantly following
them from iheii old homes in Europe; and theie
is no passenger ship that fonndei supon our coa^t
that docs not cany desolation to some heaith-
stone in my State. Who, then,is mote inteiosn d
in the fteeui it y of the lives of those who crosr. the
ocean, than the people of my State? So, too, they
arc equally interested in the security of piopeity
on the ocean, and low rates of insurance. And
when u shall be shown that, by reason of this
coast survey, one life has been saved, or the rati s
of insurance diminished, {then may teel induced
to alter the opinion 1 now have in regaid to the
useless ehaiacter of this work.
Sir, this coast survey has been in progress o\ei
fifty yeais, with no piospect of completion. The
act under which this woik is now pro^r ssing
v,as pa^f-ed in the year 1^07, though the wni k
was not actually hegun until lrt33, when $20,000
were appropriated to cany on the wotk. Ftom
that small beginning, when ihe superintendent
and only two assistants were emplo\ ed, the work
has gi own to such vast proportions as to fanly
ovetshadow the country; and I venture the dec-
laration that there is no department of the Gov-
ernment svhich has as much power or influence
to-day as this same coast survey. Instead of a
modest appropriation of $20,000 a year in the
year 1832, I beg to exhibit the following table,
allowing the annual appropriations for the past
five years:
m 1.' $385,' 00
"18,3.')   4'io.0U0
    /Slid, t.O
1867  54.nU0O
  432,SUU
and the appii-priations for this work in litis bill
amount to .yhr-ijOOO.
Now, sir, the question is, what benefit is the
cot nary det iving ti om these vast appropriations'
I say, none that can at all justify fuich expendi-
tures
[Here the hammer fi II ]
Air. HOWARD. This coast survey is not a
new question. If it was a new work to be com-
menced at this time, in the ptesent stat'* of the
Treasury, pei haps I might he in favor of post-
poning it; but it is a woi Ic in progress; much has
been expended in gathering ruatenai and facilities
for canning it on; and the question comes home
to us, shall we ever complete it? If so, sound
economy requires that we should go on now and
improve the material and facilities which We have
now on hand.
Now, sir, shall we abandon this woik? I re-
peat, that it is not a new question. Shall we lose
what we have done rather than go ahead with
the work towards its completion? Mr* Chair-
man, we are, to a very great extent, a commercial
people; we are courting the commerce of the
world; we are seeking to increase that commerce;
and we wish to adopt a policy which will in-
crease our foreign commerce. Now, sir, there is
no civilized nation in the world*that would not
make the attempt to survey the coast of that coun-
try to which the commerce of the world is in-
vited. To court the commerce of the world, and
at the same time make no efforts to procure a sur-
vey of our coast to which we invite that commerce,
would be to proclaim ourselves barbarians.
Much has been said here about the extrava-
gance of this work. Sir, the whole world en-
gaged m commerce, are engaged also in surveying
their coasts, yet there is no nation on the face of
the earth that has done so much woik for so little
money. The proportion of expenditure to the
amount of work done in Great Britain, is about
five to one that of the United States.
Now that we have all the means readyf%r carry-
ing on this work,shall wo abandon it, and allow
ail the facilities which we have collected to go to
destruction and decay? What sort of economy
is that? if the country is ever going on to finish
the work, shall we abandon it for this year? I
protest against it. I do not say that I would go
for it as a new system, but it happens that it is
more than half surveyed. The Atlantic coast is
more than half surveyed. The Gulf coast is more
than one-thiid done; and the Pacific coast is in
rapid progress.
But what are the charges which are brought
against this work? i understand that, as a gen-
eral proposition, we are doing this work more
economically than any nation in the world, thus
far. Why should all this preparation be aban-
doned. Do you mean to abandon the woik? or
do you mean to complete it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mi. BLAIR. I move to amend the text of the
bill, which the gentleman from Wisconsin pro-
poses to strike out, by reducing the appropriation
to £150,000.
t\lr. Chairman, up( n this subject 1 take this
ground: that this coast survey, as earned on un-
der lilts bureau, when we have officers of the
Army educated for this precise purpose, and
when we have ofliceis of the Navy educated for
this precise purpose, who are excluded from the
work, is all wrong. Sir, we pay for the educa-
tion of topographical engineers; wc pay for the
education of our naval officers; and yet, when it
is proposed to place them m charge of this great
woik—for I readily admit that it is a very great
work—we are to be told that they must go, and
that some one else must be put in their place.
Well, sir, I do not pretend that the gentleman
who is at the head of this work is not competent;
but 1 contend that, while we pay for the educa-
tion of the officers of the Army at West Point,
who are fitted especially foi this great woik, the
woik should bo placed in their hands,
Now, sir, another thing: i maintain that the
surveys made under this system are entirely too
minute What do you want of a minute topo-
graphical survey of the coast? All that you can
make useful for the purposes of navigation is the
soundings and the headlands. That is all that
is required. Now, sir, if we would expedite this
work, we could do it at much less cost, if we
should do as the English do, and place the work
in charge of the topographical engineers and
naval office)s.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the system by which the
British Government are carrying on their system
of coast surveys. Now, sit, 1 reoeat, that one
dollar has gone as far in our surveys as one pound
sterling has with the Bntish.
Mr. BLAIR. That may be true. I do not
pretend to lie well versed in these things; but I
insist that when we have men in the Aimy and
in the Navy, for whose education we pay-) we
need not employ any other corps of civil ofncois.
They can do it just as well, and cheaper; and then
I contend, upon the other point, that the minute
topographical survey of the entire coast which
is made, is entirely useless for the purposes of
navigation. Do you make a survey of the coast
for the purpose of navigating the ocean? A mi-
nute topogiaphical survey of the coast, I repeat,
is entirely ustless.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, Mr, Chairman^
the gentleman from Wisconsin has moved vir-
tually to put an end to the coast survey. Upon
what consideration, on what view of public in-
terest that should guide the conduct of a great
commercial nation, the gentleman has not ex-
plained. He desires us, by a hasty, inconsider-
ate amendment upon an appropriation bill, to re-
verse the policy which the Government has been
pursuing for forty years; under every Adminis-
tration; approved by every President; conducted
without the intermission of a year; conducted by
the first science of the day when it hegan, and
now under the supervision of science as high as
this country or the world can afford. That my
friend from Missouri or I cannot explain the exact
necessity of surveying so great a distance inland
or not, 1 submit is not a fair ground upon which
this House should act. Whether he is a scientific
man or not, 1 do not know. I do not profess to
be much versed in scientific matters, and 1 am not
willing to say that, because I am not satisfied of
the necessity, in all their details, of the scientific
examinations approved in the conduct of this
great work by the eminent men who have so long
conducted it—because, m a word, of my ignorance,
those examinations are all wrong, and that every
preceding Administration has been guilty of use-
less and wasteful expenditure. I do not think
that, in a debate under the five minutes' rule, we
can safely or wisely revise and judge the work of
forty years, and arrest what has been so often, so
long, and so deliberately approved by our pred-
ecessors.
Sir, Maryland has no direct interest in any part
of the coast to be surveyed. She is to receive no
benefit; all her coasts are surveyed. But, sir, her
ships are upon every sea and upon every portion
of our coast, and we are not willing to anest a
gteat work, essential to the safetyof our citizens
and their property „ unless there should be some ad-
equate reason assigned. What is the only one?
Otter incapacity, shameful dishonesty, or dis-
graceful extravagance. Why the stale cry of econ-
omy, always invoked to eke out a bad argument
against the Government institutions of the coun-
tiy ? The gentleman wishes to economize where
the economy sinks more of the commerce of the
country, in'any six months of any year, than will
pay the whole amount of the expenditure year
after year. Sir, it is not economy to estop great
national wotks of necessity. It is economy to
stop the leaks in the commissary's department,
or m the Quartermaster General's department, or
the stealings in the navy-yards, or the wasteful and
extravagant expenditures under the name of mis-
cellaneous; but it is not economy to stop the
clearing out of your rivers and harbors, or the elec-
tion of our fortifications, or the supply of our
armaments; still less is it common sense to darken
our light-houses, or to arrest the survey of the
coast ? That is Democratic economy—a war on
all that is useful m governmental expenditure.
Those are economical expenditures; expenditures
which pay more in what they save, ten thousand
times over, than the Government expends in ac-
complishing thosegreat objects. And if gentlemen
see fit to invoke the name of economy for the pur-
pose of striking down, first fortifications, and
then the Army, and then the coast survey, and
leaving us without adequate protection, whether
for the aits of peace or against the arts of war;
then, I think, we had better omit the pay of the
President and the judges, dissolve and abandon
the Government which was created to afford the
protection which it is not allowed to confer.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 will with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. BUUNETT. I object.
Mr. COMiNS. I propose to increase the ap-
propriation $10,000. I cannot agree with my
friend from Wisconsin [Air. Wasiibuiw] in the
amendment which he proposes.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us take the
question on the amendmentof the gentleman from
Wisconsin. If it is stricken out, that will be the
end of it; and if it is not stricken out, it will still
be open to amendment.
Air. CO Vi IN-3. I wish to make a few remarks
before a vote is taken on the proposition of the
honorable gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] to discontinue this appropriation. I
cannot agree with the honorable gentleman in his
