388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Mr. MILLSON. Concurring in the decision |
of the Chair, as to the correctness of the point de-
cided, even on the supposition that this amend-
ment of the Senate is a public bill, I want to show
the gentleman from Alabama that it is not a pub-
lic bill at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is acknowledged that it
is a public bill; and therefore, I do not wish to be
interrupted.by the gentleman upon that point.
Mr. MILLSON. I want to show the gentleman
that it is ,not a public bill, and that it is not ac-
knowledged to be so.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot consent to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. MILLSON. The tacts will show that it
is a private bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that it is con-
ceded—although the gentleman from Virginia
may not concede it—that this amendment of the
Senate is a public hill, or would be if it were a
distinct bill of itself; and I will proceed with my
answer to the Speaker's suggestion.
I say, then, that being a public matter, its dis-
cussion must be in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, because you cannot dis-
cuss it in a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar. Then, when you discuss and
dispose of the amendment of the Senate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the difficulty that the Speaker suggested does not
arise; because, when the amendment is rejected
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the bill is passed, so far as this House
is concerned; there is no other vote to be taken
on it by the Committee of the Whole. We are
considering only the amendment; and, as that
amendment embraces matters of public concern-
ment, it must go to a committee where that pub-
lic matter can oe examined into.
But I desire to notice the other suggestion of the
Chair. The Chair says that if we were to decide
on the character of a bill of this sort by the matter
that might be attached to it by the Senate, it would
put it in the power of the Senate to do—what? To
control the character of our bills. For instance, the
Chair said, if you send them a private bill which
they desire to defeat, they can attach to it a public
provision, and thereby send it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
probably it could not be reached or discussed.
Now, does it not occur to the Chair that if the
Senate desire to defeat a private bill so strongly
as to attach to it a public bill for the purpose of
delaymgits progress through the House, they can
reject the bill altogether ? If the Senate can defeat
a private bill by attaching a public provision to it, I
they can certainly defeat it on a square vote, by
laying it upon the table or rejecting it. So then,
with all due respect to the Chair, I do not see
that the illustrations given by the Chair have that
sort of cogent application and convincing control
of this question, which ought to influence the j
minds of the members of this House. !
1 desire to say further, Mr. Speaker, that al- ,
though this seems to be a small matter, and may j
be a small matter in amount, yet the principle is
a large one. Look at your appropriation lulls.
It seems to be acknowledged, on the part of this
House, that you cannot make a point of o> der on
an amendment attached by the Senate to one of j
our bills, anil thereby rule it out, although it may i
be in direct violation of our rules. The Senate, ]
therefore, have the right or the power, as the j
practice of this House demonstrates, to run over j
. our own rules, and make us violate them every
day wo are in session, if they see fit to do it. 1
think it is high time that the House should take ;
a stand upon that question. It is time that this i
House should, either by a point of order or by ;
some other course,say distinctly to the Senate that
their gcneial legislation upon appropriation bills I
will not be further tolerated. For one, I am ready
to vote against all such amendments. I am ready .
to sustain the Chair in ruling all such amend- !
ments out of order, under our own rules. I am ;
ready to give any legitimate vote in tins House by
which we can get rid of these obnoxious amend-
ments which the Senate places upon our bills. i
Mr. MILLSON. I shall move to lay the ap
peal on the table; but before 1 do so, 1 wish an j
opportunity to state the facts of the case, that the !
House may see the entire correctness of the de-!
cision made by the Chair. I
This bill originated in the House, upon the pe- i
titionof B. W. Palmer, who was a purser's clerk
in- one of the navy-yards. Some years ago the
pay of purser's clerks at the smallestnavy-yard,
Kittery, was fixed by law at $750 per annum.
Afterwards the Department, intending to give to
the purser's clerks at the more important navy
stations the same pay granted by law to the pur-
ser's clerk at Kittery, asked Congress to ap-
propriate $750 a year for those purser's clerks.
Congress voted the money, and the $750 thus
appropriated by Congress to these purser's clerks
was paid them.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman is not debating the appeal at all, but
the merits of the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman will do me
the favor of waiting a little, he will see that the
statement is a necessary part of my argument;
and the gentleman ought to know me well enough
to be assured that I never seek by indirection to
do what I cannot do under the rules of the House.
Cut, sir, the Fourth Auditor having ascertained
that this change in the compensation of pursers'
clerks was only made by an appropriation in an
appropriation bill, and not by a distinct law
changing the old salary, refused to allow those
payments, and called upon those pursers' clerks
to refund the money they had received. They
accordingly petitioned Congress to legalize those
payments, and to continue the payment at the
same rate of compensation, §750. The prayer of
the petitioners was deemed reasonable by a com-
mittee of this House, and they reported a bill.
On the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] that bill was amended by striking out
tile prospective increase, thereby confining the
bill to the legalization of previous payments. The
bill then went to the Senate. The Senate restored ,
the features of the bill which had been stricken
out in this body; and finding that there were one
or two other officers, at particular localities, who
had also received under the estimates of appropri-
ation a larger amount than was authorized by
the general law, they added those men to this bill.
The bill then came back to the House. Usually
the House considers the Senate's amendments
without reference to a committee. Cut again the
gentleman from Ohio moved a reference of this
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs. When
it was examined, and the members understood
the whole case, they all saw that, the amendment
of the Senate was correct, and they reported back
the bill with a recommendation that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Now, then, that this is not a public bill is
proved by this consideration: the amendment
simply adds to the original bill, not a general class ■
of pursers' clerks, nor all the pursers' clerks at |
navy-yards, but paitieular pursers' clerks at par- j
ticular navy-yards. And the other officers em- j
braced in it are not a general class of command- :
ants' clerks, lint only two selected clerks at Kit- !
tery and Philadelphia. It only adds a few more
individuals to the persons who were provided for j
in the bill which passed this body. !
Now, having made this statement of facts, with- j
out intending to go into any-argument upon the i
subject, [ think it is somewhat ridiculous, and [
calculated to place us m a ridiculous position be- ;
fore the country, that upon a case so plain, in-
volvingso very slightand insignificantan expend-
iture, not even proposingan increase of expend- :
itnre—for under the operation of this bill not a j
dollar more will be paid to these parties than they j
have been paid for years past—so much earnest- !
ness and zeal should be manifested. It does not [
propose to add to the public expenditures one ,
dollar, but only legalizes payments*heretofore j
made under the permission and sanction of Coil- j
gresx itself, and continuing theni at the same rate, j
i say that m makimr such earnest and strenuous [
opposition to such a bill as this, when other bills
involving an expenditure of millions of dollars are j
frequently passed without any or with only slight ;
examination, we occupy no very enviable posi-
tion, and incur the risk of provoking derision by
this extraordinary lit of economy at the expense
of humble clerks. I now move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion was agreed to; and the appeal was
| laid on the table.
i Mr. BOCOCK. When I reported this bill this
morning, it was my intention to make a few words
of explanation, and then ask the House to pass
upon the amendment. But I am afraid the dis-
cussion this morning has got the House into
rather abad temper, isnd that it will be a little un-
safe for me now to ask the House to pass this bill.
I will make a few remarks, and then, if it is thought
best, I will move to postpone its further consid-
eration until next Friday morning.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would suggest that the
gentleman move that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole upon the Private Cal-
endar, and leave this bill to go over until next
Friday.
Mr. BOCOCK. With a few words of explana-
tion, in order that they may go into the Globe for
the information of members, I will accede to that
suggestion. «
Mr. RITCHIE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman the propriety of allowing the committees
to be called through, and leaving this bill to be
called up after the call of the committees is term-
inated.
Mr. BOCOCK. After I shall have spoken five
minutes, I will leave it to go over until next Fri-
day.
I ask the attention of gentlemen, in a spirit of
candor, to what 1 shall say. The remarks I in-
tended to make, by way of explanation, have been
in a great measure anticipated by my colleague
over the way. I will, however, proceed; and per-
haps I shall be able to reach the minds of somo
members that my colleague may have failed to
reach.
The law of 1842 made the pay of pursers'clerks
§500 per annum. In 1852, the purser's steward,
occupying the position of purser's clerk, at Kit-
tery, in Maine, was allowed $750. The Depart-
ment could see no reason why the purser's clerk
at Kittery, in Maine,should receive §750 per an-
num, while the pursers'clerks at the other yards
received only $500; and estimated for all of them
at the rate of $750 per annum. That was paid
from 1853 down to 1857, and at that time the
Fourth Auditor, on looking into the matter, came
to the conclusion that, although this money had
been appropriated and paid to these pursers'
clerks, yet it was not done in accordance with
law; and the pursers were ordered to refund to
the Government this money which had been paid
to these clerks. The House will see the incon-
venience likely to result from that state of things.
The pursers had paid this money to their clerks,
believing that the appropriation bills made the law
for the case. The clerks accordingly received the
money, and, in most of the cases, doubtless have
spent it. The clerks were unable to refund it to
the pursers, and the loss of course then fell upon
the pursers themselves. The accounting officer
of the Government was ordered to check against
the account of the pursers for the amount paid
on this account, from 1853 down to 1857, inclu-
sive. This bill is for the purpose of legalizing
the payments thus made by these pursers to their
clerks.
There is, sir, another feature in the bill. By
the act of 1853, the pay of clerks to the com-
mandants of yards was fixed', at all the yaids ex-
cept Kittery, in Maine, and Philadelphia, at §1,200
per annum. The Department not understanding
this, estimated to pay the clerks to all the com-
mandants, at all the yards, including Kittery in
Maine, andPhiladelphia, the sameamount. That
has been paid under the appropriation bills, and
has gone into the pockets of the clerks, and doubt-
less has gone from their pockets a long time ago.
Under this state of things, the Fourth Auditor, on
looking into it, determined that that money was
not paid according to law, ai'd ordered the ac-
counting officers to check against the command-
ants at Kittery and Philadelphia, for the amount
thus paid. The object of this clause of the Sen-
ate amendment, is to put all the clerks to com-
mandants of yards upon an equal footing. It pro-
poses to legalize the payments vrfiich have beer>
thus made. And it goes one step further. It pro-
poses to continue in future, the rate of pay that
has been given undsr the appropriation bills since
1853. That is all it does. It does not give a single
man one dollar more than he has received under
tjje appropriation bills from 1853 to 1857. It merely
legalizes the payments already made, and provides
for their continuance.
I now ask the attention of the gentleman from
