1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
opposition to this enterprise. As a commercial
man, representing a section of the country deeply
interested in navigation, representing on import-
ing district, where a great portion of the revenue
of the country is collected, I must protest against
any reduction in the estimate for prosecuting the
coast survey,a work so eminently beneficial and
national. 1 wish to see economy introduced into
every branch of the Government; into every de-
partment of public expenditure; I believe extrav-
agance, and perhaps corruption, pre vails in many
of the derailments of the Government, especially
those of a political character; I wish to see these
corruptions ferreted out; I wish to see these ex-
travagances stopped; and will do all in my power
to this end. But, sir, 1 will never lend my hand
to strike a blasting1 blow to any of the great en-
terprises of the country, especially those con-
nected with the commercial and maritime charac-
ter of the nation.
The feasibility, the propriety, and the policy
of establishing a system of geodetic and hydro-
graphic survey of the American coast was rec-
ommended to the attention of Congress by Pres-
ident Jefferson; and in 1807 the act which author-
ized the President to cause a survey of the coast
of the United States was passed.
Mr. Galiatin, one of the ablest and clearest
headed statesman who ever presided over the
Treasury Department, issued a circular, setting
forth a project for a coast survey, and inviting the
attention of scientific men to the subject. Mr. F.
R. Hassler, a gentleman of extensive scientific
knowledge, was appointed to superintend the en-
terprise, and visited Europe to procure instru-
ments necessary to catty the piojcct into effect.
Owing to various causes, among which was the
war with Englind, the work was not commenced
until 1817. Indeed, it cannot be said to have fun ly
commenced until 1832. Operations were partially
commenced m the bay and harbor of New York
in 1817. The following year, the law under which
the enterprise was inaugurated was repealed, and
the work was suspended for the want of appro-
priations.
From 1819 to 1832, detached surveys of rivers
and harbors wuie made, under the duection of
the Navy Department. These surveys not being
considered satisfactory, Mr. Southai d, Secretary
of the Navy, in 1828, in reply to resolutions of
inquiry from the House of Represenfat ives, recom-
mended a recurrence to the act of 1807 On the
repeated representations of the friends of this great
scientific work, the coast survey again received
the favor of Congress, and was reestablished in
lb32. Mr. Hassler was again appointed super-
intendent, and continued in that capacity until his
death, in 1843 1 will not undertake to speak of
the knowledg skill, and labor, required to over-
come the various perplexities, difficulties, and
embarrassments, in the way of a successful pins-
ecution of the coast sui\ey. Time will not per-
mit me to do it. I should like to speak an hour
upon this subject. I should like to vindicate the
dead and speak to the praise of the living. Pro-
fessor Hassler was the subject of severe criticism,
and Bache cannot expect to escape. Professor
Hassler did not escape the jealousies of scientific
competitors, or the vigilance of congressional re-
formers. An investigation was instituted. A con-
gressional committee, after a severe scrutiny, in-
dorsed and approved tlie administration of the
survey.
From 1843 to the present time, the coast survey
has beeo conduced under the dnection of Profes-
sor A. D. Bache, subject to the direction of the
Executive. These surveys are being sustained
by the pnncipal commercial Powers of Europe.
Shall they be abandoned by the United States? I
trust not.
Now, sir, let us look at the advantages of this
woik, in a commercial point of view. Let us see
how it affects the interest of navigation. Let us
see how it savt-s the loss of property and prevents
the sacrifice of human life. And, then, we will
see who it is that Will strike down tluseiiterprise;
who will say that the annual outlay of a few bun-
dled thousand dollars tor the protection and safety
of the vast commerce of a nation is an extravagant
expenditure.
In the years 3846-47 fourteen thousand two
hundred and twenty-nine vessels, of an aggregate
tonnage of over three million, arrived m the ports
of the United States, and nearly fifteen thousand
vessels with an aggregate tonnage of four million
five hundred thousand cleared from the same.
The yearly increase in the numbers of vessels is
eight per cent., and'the yearly increase in the
amount of tonnage is ten per cent.
A glance at the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury wili show that the direct tendency of
the coast survey is to diminish marine disasters.
The percentage of loss of property on our coast,
diminishes from year to year as itssurveyis per-
fected. In 1854, the loss of property from marine
disasters amounted to §25,000,000; while in 1855
it was $20,370,000. Daring the six months of
the yearendingluly 1, 1856, the losses amounted
J.o $11,850,000, and in the six months ending July
1, 1857, to ^10,232,500. The percentage of loss
in the number of vessels is equally favorable to
my argument. In 1855, the loss of lives on our
coast was four hundred and thirty.
From these data, it will be seen that the cost of
the coast survey stnks into insignificance when
compared with these fearful losses of life and
property. Many individual cases can be cited
where competent witnesses have testified that the
coast survey information has saved, in a single
vessel and cargo, enough to pay the whole ex-
penses for a year, in that section of the survey,
to say nothing of the loss of life. It can be es-
tablished beyond doubt, to any reasonable mind,
that-its pecuniary value to the levenuc of the
country has fully justified its cost. The Florida
reef—the terror to navigatois—has been rendered
comparatively safe, by beacons placed there in
accordance with recommendations of the survey,
and by the anehoiages fouud and the charts pre-
sented to navigators. But my time will not per-
mit me to enumerate eases.
Among the di 2ovents and developments made
by the coast sir • ey up to 1856, inclusive, which
have come under my immediate notice, on the
coast of New England, are numerous locks,
banks, and shoals, whose position has been ac-
curately located, characteristics fully determined,
and positions distinctly marked upon charts, and
thus rendeied far less dangerous to navigation.
I will name some of them:
Determination of the position of a sunken rock,
on which the steamer Daniel Webster struck, in
Ca*co bay, on the evening of the 13th of October,
1856.
Determination of the dimensions of Aiden's
rock, near Cape Elizabeth—Maine, 1854.
Determination of rocks off Marblehead and
Nahant—1855.
A rock (not on any chart) in the inner harbor
of Gloucester, Massachusetts, discovered in 1853.
A bank, ninety miles eastward of Boston, with
about tiurty-srx fathoms of water, probably a
knoll connect* d with Cashe's ledge, but with
deep water between it and the ledge—1853.
Boston harbor: Broad sound channel thor-
oughly surveyed, and marks recommended—
1848.'
Several rocks in the fair channcl-way, in Bos-
ton harbor entrance—1S54
A bank (Stellwagen's bank) with ten and a half
to fourteen and a half futhoms of water on it, at
the entiance of Massachusetts bay, and serving
as an impor tant mark for approaching Boston and
other harbors—1854.
Extension of iStellwagen's bank to the south-
ward and eastward some sixteen or seventeen
square miles, enclosed by the twenty-fathom
ctu ve—1855.
A dangerous sunken ledge (Davis's ledge) to the
eastward and m the neighborhood of Minot's
ledge—]Sj4.
Devi lopment of a reef extending between Mi-
not's and Scituate light—'1856.
A sunken lock, with only six feet on it at low
watei, off Webster's flagstaff, Massachusetts bay
—185G.
A dangerous rock, near Saquish Head, entrance
to Plymouth harbor—1856.
Three rocks determined m position, pretty bare
at low water, oilManomet Point, Massachusetts
bay—1856.
Determination of a very dangerous rock off In-
dian Hill, and four miles southward of Manomet
Point, Massachusetts bay, wuh as little as six
feet water on it—1856.
Probable connexion of George's bank and the
deep-sea banks north and east of Nantucket—
1855,
Non-existence determined of " Clark's bank"
and " Crab ledge,"laid down on certain charts
as distinct from an immense shoal ground off Cape
Cod peninsula—1856.
Nantucket shoals: Davis 'aNew South shoals,
six miles south of the old Nantucket South shoals,
in the track of all vessels going between New
York and Europe, or running along the coast from
the eastern to the southern States, or to South
America, discovered in 1846.
But, time will not allow me to continue these
detailed statements. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the unanimity of opinion which
prevails upon the importance of continuing this
work. The New York Chamber of Commerce,
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, the Faculty of
St. John's College, Maryland, the University of
Virginia, and almost every scientific institution
in the country, have spoken in an unmistakable
voice upon this subject. Business men of all
classes give it their approbation, and justify the
most liberal appropriations for its prosecution.
The underwriters of Boston, a class of men not
excelled for enlightened patriotism and for liberal
views, yet governed in all their enterprises by
principles of strict economy, have witnessed -with
great pleasure, as stated in a closing paragraph in
a memorial to Congress concerning the coast sur-
vey of the United States, the liberal support that
has been given to this work, and believe that there
is no public undertaking.more worthy of the pat-
ronage of Congress than this, which has for its
objects to give facilities to trade, to enlarge the
bounds of useful knowledge, and to protect hu-
man life; and tiust that a liberal support will be
continued, and entreat Congress to take no action
tirat will impair the usefulness of this important
branch of the public service.
Light-houses and beacons are located, the phe-
nomena of the tides fully and clearly discussed,
variations of the magnetic needle determined, new
channels and the set of the currents carefully
marked. In short, all the great aids to navigation
have been discussed in a manner which has met
the approval of the scientific and commercial
world.
We have abundant cvidencc to show that the
survey of the American coast has been conducted
with greater rapidity and economy than that of
any other nation. Compared with the costly coast
surveys of Great Britain, France, Austria, and
Russia, the expenditures of the United States pre-
sent a favorable contrast.
The total cost of the United States coast sur-
vey, previous to 3832, was $55,000; from 1832
to lb44, the amount expended was $766,134,and
from 1844 to 1856-57, the expenditure amounted
to $3,958,331. The land work and hydrography
of Great Britain has cost over twenty million dol-
lars.
The land and hydrographic survey ofFrance
has cost nearly ten million dollars; Austria has
expended, during a period of seventeen years, in
these surveys, $8,500,000.
As u is stated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, these are instances which furnish a compar-
ison most favorable to our coast survey as to cost.
And for accuracy And general usefulness, the
American coast survey charts hold, according to
scientific men, the first rank; and the scientific
methods used are, in many instances, much in
advance of those of Europe.
With the greatest extent of coast-line, second
to none other in the amount of her tonnage, and
with the most dangerous coast of any nation,
comparative statements, with regard to the time
and money spent, and results obtained, show us
that our coast survey has cost us far less than
that of any other maritime nation. To interrupt
its operations at this time, or interfering in any
manner with the plan by which it has been car-
ried on so far, and so nearly to a successful termi-
nation, by cutting down the appropriations, would
be as false economy as it is unwise and unstates-
munbke policy.
England spares neither time nov money in giv-
ing aid to commerce. Had she, she never would
have been mistress of the seas. No vessel on the
English coast goes down, with its freight of life
and treasure, on unknown rocks and shoals.
They **re all accurately marked on her charts.
Sir, 1 do not regard the United States as poor.
We are not poor. I disiike the term; and it is
jiottrue. The country is rich, We re possessed
