1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who, like all of us, was
in pursuit of an economical administration of all
branches of the Government. When this bill
was reported, my friend was opposed to it until
ho could get time to look into it; and it was on
his motion that some features of the bill were
stricken out. It went to the Senate; and when
the Senate's substitute came here, it was, on mo-
tion of my friend, referred to the Committee on
JNavat Affairs; It was taken up in that commit-
tee, and fully and thoroughly investigated; and on
motion of the gentleman himself, and by the
unanimous vote of the committee, 1 was instructed
to report it back with the recommendation that it j
do pass. The gentleman will verify the state- i
ment. j
v Now, Mr. Speaker, if I move to postpone the i
bill to next Friday, will it come up then, or will |
it go to the Speaker's table ? i
Mr. RITCHIE. I suggest to the gentleman to 1
call the previous question, and put the bill on its ;
passage. It has been here for some time, and •
ought now to be disposed of. If we postpone j
it we shall have all this discussion to go over <
again. I
Mr. BOCOCK. I call for the previous question, j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas \
and nays on the amendment of the Senate. ;
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the !
bill and the amendment be laid upon the table. |
The House was divided; and there were—ayes ,
43, noes 68—no quorum. i
Mr. WASIIBURJNE, of Illinois, demanded '
tellers. ■
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of j
Missouri, and Chaffee were appointed. .
The House divided; and the tellers reported— •
ayes 53, noes 71. j
Mr. STANTON" called for the -yeas and naya '
on the motion to lay on the table. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it not be in
order now to call for the yeas and nays on the :
amendment?
The SPEAKER.. The Chair thinks not. The ;
yeas and nays have been already refused.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to move to go
into Committee of the Whole House on the Pn- ,
vate Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the main ques- ,
tion having been ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the call for the pre-
vious question will be withdrawn, and let us go
into committee. :
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
seconded and the mam question Ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table; end it was decided in the negative
—yeas 80, nays 86, as follows:
YEAS—Me«r«s. Atkins, Avery, BarKs.d:it<\Blm. Branch,
Biayion, Buthnton, Burnett, Chalice,(JiKijtman, Uoi<ich F. ,
(Jirirk. John B. Ciaik. (Jotib. Ooliav. J.imes Ci.'ug, Burton
(Jiawioul. Otmy. Davis ot' .Indiana, Davis? of Mis-
sivmppi, Dean, Dodil, Dowrioll, Duifee, Fenton, Fxiicv.Cid- :
<!hi«-. (jiangei, Gteemvood, Gioesbeek, Grow, Hickman,
IJoaid, Hopkins, Houston, Geojge W. Jones, Kelsey, Law-
rence, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy, McQueen, Multao, Hum- :
piirey Maislmll, Mntte&on, Maynard, Miller, Mooie, Mor-
gan, Mott, Mum ay, I'eniiioton, Petttt. Peyton, John ;
Pi.i'lp^, i'!)illij)>, Pottle, Neatly, Reagan, llicaiui, Ilobliins,
RuO'ii. Scales Pi-oit, HcniylVl. Shaw, Stanton,
William Stewaif, Talbot, '1 iiayer. Tompkins, Trippe, Val-
latMlmham, Walbudm*, Waldron,'Walton, Cadwalader C.
\Va-!i!>ui I), White, John V. Wright, and Zolhootier—80.
NAYS—Messib. Admin, Anderson, Andievvs, Bingham,
II! an. Uncock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyee, Bui lingo me, Bum:*,
Ca^c,' John UoLluane, Cockcnll, Conuns, Corning, Co voile, 1
("o\, ('ui!i^. Davis ol \ln--achnsetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, j
Dewait. Dmimick. Edic, Ednmndson, Eustis. Floience,
Foster, Caitrell, Good), Gieg'J, Lawrence W. Hall, liobeit 1
T>. H.iUjJIiiilan, Hams, Tta^ku' Hawkins, floUon. Jenkins, ,
Jewcu Kent, ICeliQg*. Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Knnkol, :
John V. Kunkel, LesdV, Samuel S Ma^hall. Ma-on, Miles,
Milton, IViontgomen . Moniil, Edward Joj Moirtb. Isaac N. •
jU.>rii.'. Freeman II. Morse, Iviblack, Olm, Parker, William ,
W. Pu'elp^, Pike, PoUo, Uilcuie, Jto\ee, Seunn^, J«im
She] man, Jud.on W. Sherman. Shoifer, Robert Smith, 1
William Smith, Spmncr, Stallvvortb. Stephens, Steveii-on,
James A. Stewart,Tappan, George Taylor. Etiihn B. VVa^h-
bmne, Israel Wa^ibun.. Wilson, Window, Wood, Wuoa-
son, YVoitendyke, and Augn.-tus Wnglit—60.
So the House refused to lay the amendment on
the table.
The question recurred on concurring in tnc
amendment of the Senate.
Mr, HOUSTON. Is il in order to ask for the
yeas and nays on that? -
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused.
Mr. HOUSTON. There has been a vote since
that time. _
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that that, changes the matter.
• Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that by unanimous
consent the yeas and nays may be taken on con-
curring in the amendment.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
that this bill does not involve an increase of ex-
penditure ?
Mr. BOCOCK. As I have said several times
before, this bill gives no body any higher salary
than has been paid since 1853.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bdffintojj,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 54, noes 79.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was re-
jected; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
The question recurred on concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment to the title of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that amend-
ment be laid tin the table, will it carry the whole
subject there? That will be a disposition of it,
and we will not be forced to have a committee of
conference upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it would not carry the bill with it, A bill may
be a very good one without any title.
The question was taken; and the amendment
to the title was not concurred in.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported back joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 20) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to pay to the officers and seamen" of the
expedition in search of Doctor Kane the same rate
of pay that was allowed to officers and seamen of
the expedition under Lieutenant De Haven, with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, presented adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases:
The petition of Francis C. Belman;
The petition of Charles W. Babbitt;
The petition of John Baxtor;
The memorial of William Fleming and others,
of Pennsylvania;
The memorial of Sparhawk Parsons; and
The memorial of James Dottier.
The petitions and memorials were ordered to
be laid on the table, and, with the reports, printed;
and the committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, from the same com-
mittee, presented an adverse report on the memo-
rial of John Holland; which was laid on flic table
and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES CONSULCENERALATJAPAN.
Mr. HOPKINS, fiom the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that k do pass, joint resolution (S. iNo. 45)
authorizing Townsend Harris, United States Con-
sul General at Japan, and H. C. I. Herskm, his
interpreter, respectively to accept presents from
the Q.ueen of England.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that it'be referred to
a Committee of the Whole House.
! Mr. HOPKINS. It makes no appropriation,
i It simply authorizes these gentlemen-to accept
j gold snuff-boxes from the Ctueen of England as
j a mark of gratitude for assistance rendered by
! them to Lord Elgin in his negotiations between
, Great Britain and Japan.
! The joint resolution was read the third time and
I passed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.;
Mr. RITCHIE, from the Committee on- For-
eign Affairs, presented adverse reports on the
petitions of Jonas P. Levy and Sophia A. Irwin;
which were severally laid' on the .ta-bte, with
the reports, ordered to be printed; and the com-
mittee was discharged fro-m the further.consider-
ation thereof.
THOMAS W. WARD.
Mr. BRANCH, frtfm the-same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 427) for the relief of
Thomas W. Ward, late United States Consul at
Panama; which was referred' to a Committee of
the Whole House,'and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina,
it was
Ordered, That tlie Committee'on Revolutionary pensions
be discharged from the fuuher consideration of the petition
of ihe heirs nf John Montgomery, and that the sanie be re-
ferred 10 the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. ;
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee-wnInvalid
Pensions, made adverse reports on the following
petitions; which were severally laid upon, the
table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of Mary A. Allred;
•The petition of William Dailey,;
The petition of Eli A. McFadden;
The petition of James Denny;
The petition of John Camp;
The petition of William'Grant;
The petition of Benjamin Allen; and
The petition of the orphan children of-Francis
G. Button.
Mr. CHAFEEE, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the following petitions;
which were severally laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed:
The petition of Elizabeth Mullinax;
The petition of Catherine Kincade;
The petition of Michael Lantier;
The petition of Alexander Van ter and Elizabeth
Breeding;
The petition of James Monroe;
The petition of Samuel Stouffer;
The petition of Anthony Castle or.Caslos;
The petition of Roan Sage, the heir of Jesse
Kinney,
The"petition of Charles Grumph;
The petition of Michael R. Clark;
The petition of Mary Perrigo;
The petition of Elizabeth N. Denton;
The petition of William Sutz;
The petition of Simon Smith; and
The petition of John Cunningham
EZEKIEL JONES.
Mr. CHAFFEE, also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Ezekie Jones
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
SARAH HILDRETH.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Sarah Hildreth;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FLORENCE also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition
i of William McKenzie; which was laid upon the
! table, and ordered to be printed.
| On motion of Mr. CASE, the Committee on
! Invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Elizabeth J.
I Holmes; and the same was laid upon the table.
; Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on In-
: valid Pensions, made adverse reports on the pe-
' titions of Joseph Fyles and Gilbert Cooper; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MOSES GROOMS.
Mr. ANDERSON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Moses
Grooms; which was read a first, and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House
