390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES G. HOLMES.
Mr. EDIE, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of James G.Holmes;
which was read a, first and second time.
Mr. MILES. I hope that bill will be put upon
its passage. X cannot imagine that any member
of the House would object to it.
Mr. EDIE. I move that the bill be referred to
a Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar, and be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
that is a bill to extend a patent.
Mr. EDIE. No, sir; it refers the cass to the
Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. MILES. It merely refers the case to the
Commissioner. I will state to the House that
Mr. Holmes failed to apply for an extension of
his patent within the time prescribed by law, i«
consequence of the serious illness of his wife. He
jot to the Commissioner's office a few days too
late; and all that he asks, and all that this bill—
which I understand has been unanimously re-
ported by the Committee on Patents—provides,
is, that the Commissioner shall examine the case,
and decide whether he is entitled to an extension
)f his patent, just as if he had applied for it in
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a motion
pending to refer the bill to a Committee of the
Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope it will be
referred.
Mr. MILES. I desire to have the bill put upon
its passage, and would like to take the sense of
the House upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read.
The Clerk road the bill.
It provides that James G. Holmes, patentee of
a patent for an improvement in chairs for inva-
ids, dated September 14,1844, for fourteen years,
now expired, be authorized to apply to the Com-
missioner of Patents for an extension of said pat-
nit for seven years, under the rules and regula-
tions now in force for the extension of patents, as
if he had made application previous to its expira-
,ion, as required by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
■i patent was granted in this case; that the four-
teen years have expired, and that the improve-
  mentis nownubliejiroperty.
Mr. MILES. No, sir: thatis a mistake. The
gentleman is not correctly informed of the facts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the patent
:)0t expired ?
Mr. MILES. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, if it litis not
"xpired, why cannot the patentee apply to the
.Commissioner and get a seven years' extension?
Mr. MILES. What I mean to say is, that the
fourteen years have not expired.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think I can
satisfy my friend from Tennessee that this hill
ought to pass. Mr. Holmes obtained a patent for
his chairs. Before the expiration of the time of the
duration of that patent, he made application to the
Patent Office for a renewal, under the act of 1836,
which authorized extensions for seven years, tie
was toldattliat time thatitwas too early; thathis
ipplication was premature. He therefore delayed
it until a short time before the expiration of the
•latent, and, unfortunately for him, sickness m his
,'amily then rendered it impossible for him to ap-
pear t/efore the Commissioner until it was too late
.o comply with the law. He therefore memorial-
ized Congress for relief, and his memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents. I take occa-
sion to say, that we are very strict in regard to
the extension of patents. We have an unbending
ule which we think meets every case. We have
no disposition to interfere with private rights or
-o extend monopolies, but simply to carry out the
law of 1838. Considering this a meritorious case,
he petitioner having by misfortune been pre-
sented from complying with the law, the commit-
tee instructed my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
time] to report a bill to refer the matter to the
Commissioner of Patents, in order that he might
take it up and dispose of it under the.act of 1836.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The point with
me is, that we have no power or authority to give
a patent in this case. The Constitution provides
that Congress may provide by law to secure to
authors and inventors exclusive use of their works
and inventions. The law provides that a patent
can be obtained upon application to the Patent
Office, and that they can get that patent for four-
teen years. From reading this bill, I understand
that the patentee in this case applied for and re-
ceived his patent in 1844. Of course that patent
expired in 1858. Upon its expiration, the right
to use that invention becomes common to every
person in the country; and once becoming pub-
lic, and being within the right of every one to use,
I consider that Congress has no power, either by
special act or by instructions to the Commissioner,
to take it from the public and give it to any par-
ticular individual.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The Supreme
Court have decided that if, after a patent has ex-
pired, although it may be renewed afterwards by
an act of Congress, or by the Commissioner, any
individual rights have accrued between the expi-
ration of the patent and the time of renewal, they
will not be affected by the extension. But they
have not decided that it is not proper or compe-
tent for the Congress of the United States to pass
a law of this kind.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentleman
if this patent is not now public, and if every per-
son in the country has not a right to use it? If
so, what right,have wo to deprive them of it by
bestowing it upon an individual?
Mr. MILES. If the gentleman will permit me,
I will say that this is not the extension of a four- j
teen years' patent. The first patent which Mr. 1
Holmes took out upon his chair would expire in
1858; but that firat patent was really of so little
value that it amounted to nothing until ho made
an additional improvement, for which he took out j
another patent. That, of course, was for seven
years. Now, under the act of 1836, he had a
right to renew that patent for another seven
years. For that he made an application; but he
was informed by the Commissioner that he was
too early—that he could not attend to it at that
time; but he appointed a time when he would at-
tend to it. Owing to a detention consequent upon
sickness in his family, Mr. Holmes came a few
days too late to make the application. If he had
come in time ho would have got the renewal-.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My understand-
ing of tho patent law is, that when an inventor
obtains a patent for fourteen years, he can, upon
making out his case previous to the expiration of
the fourteen years, obtain an extension for seven
years. But if he makes an additional improve-
ment upon that patent, and applies to tho Com-
missioner for a patent, upon that improvement, he
gets an original patent for fourteen years upon it.
This is now a public right, which I lisld we have
no authority to take away.
Mr. EDIE. 1 merely wish to state to the House
the reason why 1 did not ask to put this bill upon
its passage. We have submitted no rep'ort with
the bill. ' Hut the same bill has been submitted to |
tho Senate with a report; and though the com- ;
mittee is unanimously in favor of this bill, I ;
thought it best to let it go to the Committee of
the Whole House, and when the Senate bill comes
in, then to make the motion upon that bill which
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Miles] !
now makes upon this. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is another :
corresponding case, about looms and machinery |
for weaving figured work, in which the patents i
have expired, and applications are pending to '
renew them. This case will bo cited as a pre- j
cedent. ]
Mr. EDIE. The fact stated by the gentleman j
from South Carolina, that this gentleman was put
off by the Commissioner of Patents, and that at
the time the Commissioner appointed for him to
come, he was sick and unable to come, is true. I
This bill only gives to tho Commissioner of Pat- j
ents the power to do what he would have done j
had Mr. Holmes come at the time appointed by ;
the Commissioner.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. EDIE. 1 withdraw my motion, and move
to ptit the bill upon its passage. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew the ,
motion that the bill be referred to a Committee i
of the. Whole House, and printed. Upon that I
call the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If gentlemen
will allow me to interrupt these proceedings, I
wish to move that the special order for to-day,
being the claims of the States of Georgia and Ala-
bama for depredations by the Creek Indians, be
postponed until Friday next. I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania withdraws his ob-
jection.
Mr. RITCHIE. I withdraw my objection.
The motion was agreed to.
The previous question on Mr. Washburne's
motion was then seconded, and the main question
ordered to be put.
The question being upon the motion to refer to
a Committee of the Whole House, and that the
bill be printed,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 67.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. RITCHIE demanded tellers on the call
for the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogo
pnd Boyce were appointed.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; the tell-
ers having reported only nineteen in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright
of Tennessee, and Chaffee, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers leported—
ayes 42-, noes 81. *
So tlie motion was disagreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I hope, now, that the bill will
be put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, k the bill
engrossed'
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes, then, upon tho
Speaker's table.
Mr. KEITT. Is the matter debatable ? I wish
to take up the time in which it may be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. KEITT. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the motion to
reconsider be Ittid upon the table.
Mr. KEITT. I call for the yeas and nay3 on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I do not see tho necessity
of our waiting here until the hill is engrossed, and
I move, therefore, that the House adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I call for
the yeas and miys.
Mr. ATKINS. I hope the motion to adjourn
will lie withdrawn until I can offer a resolution
for reference.
Mr. STANTON. Let us dispose of the mat-
tor before us before we go to any other.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COVODE. I hope we will not adjourn
over until Monday. We have little time to spare.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 14, nays 152; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bennett, Blair, flliss, Bowie, James
Cia:<r, Hiekmail, George W. Jones, Jacob ivi. Kanket,John
C. Kimkcl, McKibbm, Potter, Powell, William Smith, and
Wood—11. , • , .
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Andrews, Amoid, Atkins, Baiks-
dale, Cii!"ljani3 Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Biajton,
Buffinton, Burnett, Bums, Case, Chafl'ee, Chapman, E/.r.i
Clark, Horacc F. Clark, John B- Ciark, Clay, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Coining, Covode, Cox, Craw-
foid, Cuny, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis oi Massachu-
setts, Davis of fowa. Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Dm fee, Echo, Farnsworth, Fenton, Floicnce, Foley,
Foster. Gamett, Gdrtrell, Giddmgs, Cilhs, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodivi*, Granger, Greg", Groesbeck,Giow, Lawienee W.
Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, IlaMiin, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hoard, Hopkins, llorton, Houston, Howard, Hnylei, Jcw-
ett, Owen Junes, Keitt, Kellogg, Kekoy, Kilgore, Knapp,
