1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, McQueen, Mc-
R.ie, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson,
Maynard, Miles, Miller, Milison, Montgomery, Moore, Mor-
gan. Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac JV. Moms, Freeman
II. Morse, Mott, Murray, Niblaek, Olin, Palmer, Parker,
Pendleton, IVttit. Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Pliulp-, Phillips, Pottle,Purviance,Ready,Reagan, Eieaud,
Ritchie. Robbm?, Royce, Russell, Scales, ItcnryM. Shaw,
John Shetman, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,Tappan,
George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, U11-
deivvood, Vahandighani, Wade, Walbiidge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, OadwalnderC Washburn, Ellihu R.Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus ft. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—io2.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Goode hajl been detained in his room for the past
week by sickness.
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that Mr. Landt, his
colleague, had been called home by indisposition
in his family.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES,ofPennsylvania, demanded tellers
on the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Ivellogg were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the tdble the motion to reconsider.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw the motion to re-
consider
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The yeas
and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. That does not affect the
matter.
The bill (being now engrossed) was then read
a third time.
Mr. ED1E moved the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. JOKES, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the Housodo now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.It contains
a bad principle.
IV! r. CLAY demanded tellers on the motion to
adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasii-
burne, of Illinois, and Peyton were appointed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
adjourn now, m what condition will the bill be ?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table.
MR-. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to re-
commit the bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the pre-
vious question will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. There is also a motion pend-
ing to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I hope
the House will vote down the motion to adjourn.
The House divided,and the tellers reported—
ayes_65, noes 74.
So*the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLAY, (at fifty
minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 15, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev.,H. N. Sipes.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying
■ the tlouse that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution (S. No. 56) authorizing the Secretary of
State to pay the salaries of the ministers to the
Argentine Confederation, Costa Rica, and Hon-
duras; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
SURVEY ON MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. ATKINS. I ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution, simply for reference.
There being no objection, the joint resolution,
directory to the Secretary of War, respecting cer-
tain surveys in Tennessee" and Kentucky, was
introduced, and read a first and second time.
Mr. ATKINS. I ask that it be referred to a
select committee of five.
The joint resolution was read.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of War
to order, as early as practicable, a survey to be
made by the engineer corps of the Government,
with E. A. Crandall, J. N. Steele, William Con-
ner, Joseph Mitchell, S.W^Cochran, and Joseph
Keitt, as a supervisory board on the part of the
States of Tennessee and Kentucky, of the eastern
bank of the Mississippi river from Kentucky city
to the State line between the States of Tennessee
and Mississippi, for the purpose of ascertaining
an approximate estimate of the cost and expen-
diture of money necessary to the construction of
a levee to prevent the overflow of said river upon
the adjacent lands, which was caused by the con-
struction of levels on the western bank of said
river m the States of Missouri and Arkansas, un-
der the swamp land act of September 28, 1850,
and to make his report to Congress.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see why it should
go to either the Committee on Military Affairs or
a select committee. I do not understand why
the Secretary of War should be directed to have
what seems to be a private survey made at Gov-
ernment expense. 1 move its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATKINS. I have no objection to its ref-
erence to the Committee on Military Affairs, as
suggested by the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill, I believe,
was referred at the last session to the Committee
on Public Lands, and was reported against by
that committee. Is not that so ?
Mr. ATKINS. I desire to state, in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, that a joint resolu-
tion, similar to this, was introduced "by myself at
last session, and was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. There was this difference between
them, that the survey in that resolution was to
commence at Hickman, while this is to com-
mence at Kentucky city, in the State of Ken-
tucky. I trust that it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman desires to have it referred to a select com-
mittee, I hope it will be so referred.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
irig.
Mr. ATICINS. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. On reflection I do not be-
lieve that it has any more connection with the
Committee on Public Lands than it has with the
Committee on Military Affairs. I do not see
where it should go.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will be permitted to
have the matter referred to a select committee.
He has examined it, and desires to have it ex-
amined further. It is an important matter; and I
hope it will be sent to a select committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I concur with
the gentleman from Illinois. As I understand it,
this proposition is altogether a now idea. I am
perfectly willing that its friends shall have charge
of it, and shall report to this House. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and the Committee on
Public Lands, have nothing at all to do with it.
So far as I am concerned, I am against it_atpres-
ent; but I am perfectly willing that the friends of
the measure shall have an opportunity of show-
ing its necessity. I, therefore, trust the House
will allow a select cdhimittee to be organized to
take charge of this matter.
Mr. ATKINS. I am verymuch obliged to the
gentleman from Georgia and the gentleman from
Illinois for their kindness. But, as there seems
to be a good deal of opposition to it in certain
quarters, I will adopt the suggestion of the gen-
tleman fiom Arkansas, and have it referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I have no objection to
the resolution introduced by the gentleman from
i Tennessee, but I submit that it is not broad enough.
The same reason exists for extending the survey
to the State -vshich I have the' honor, in part, to
represent. It will be as valuable to that portion
of*the country as to any other portion. The farm
lands are inundated and the crops injured by over-
flow every third or fourth year. " 1 am in favor
of anything that will benefit that section of the
country; but I Want the survey to include other
portions, that are alike entitled to the protection
of the Government. I ask the gentleman to in-
clude my State. There may, also, be a portion
of Missouri to which it should be extended. But
I feel that I have no right to speak for Missouri.
She is ably represented here The district which
I represent, however, is as much entitled to this
survey as the States provided for in the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move the previous question -
on the rcfci'Gncs*
Mr. BONHAM. Will the gentleman withdraw
it for one moment. I trust the House will* adopt
the suggestion made by the gentleman from
Georgia.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the motion of tho gentleman from Tennessee was
withdrawn.
Mr. ATKINS. It was subsequently renewed
by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ' If the gen-
tleman from Tennessee desires this to go to the
Committee on Military Affairs, I will withdraw
my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I thought the
previous question was called.
The SPEAKER. It was called.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Then I hope
the previous question will be seconded.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay on the
table. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. HOPKINS. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw tho demand for the pre-
vious question, I will make the motion to refer
the joint resolution to a select committee, as it is
apparent to us all that it does not appropriately
belong to any standing committee.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, but I hope that the gentle-
man from Virginia will renew it.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to a select committee of five; and
on that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The question being first upon the motion to
refer the joint resolution to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs,
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Hopkins ; and being taken, the motion was agreed
to—ayes 88, noes 39.
So the joint resolution was referred to-a select
committee of five.
Mr. HOPKINS. I hope the Chair will not ap-
point me on the select committee, but will appoint
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Atkins,]
who first submitted the motion, as chairman of
the committee. I could not serve if appointed.
TRANSPORTATION OF EUROPEAN MAILS.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road* be directed lo inquire into the expediency of author-
izing tile Postmaster General to contract with any com
paity of companies for the lailroari tiansportauon of llif;
mails to and from Europe, from tlie city ot Iiangor, m the
State of Maine, to the city ot Halifax, in the Buus.li prov-
ince of Nova Scotia, foi a term not exceeding twenty vean
after the line of railroad between the two points shall be
completed, upoji receiving satisfactory seeunty that such
line shall be completed within six yeais ; with leave to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LEITER. I object.
ANGELINA BOWMAN.
On motion of Mr. LEIDY, the papers in the
case of Mrs. Angelina Bowman, reported on ad-
