1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
national Treasury simply from that portion of
the country from which I come; and inasmuch as
I am willing that, if a suitable and proper system
lias been introduced and is being carried on for
the benefit of external and foreign commerce of
the country, it shall be carried on and completed,
hoping at some future day to have a system of
improvement carried out for the benefit of the sec-
tion of country from which I come.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was reject-
ed; and then the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
reduce the appropriation in the following para-
graph $20,000:
(( For continuing the survey of the western coast of the
United States, $130,000."
Mr. Chairman, 1 was in hopes that some gen-
tleman would state what benefits the country has
received from the coast survey up to this time.
I should have been glad to have heard from the
gentleman from New York, who repiesents that
great commercial city. I would ask him if the
ships that sail outfiom New York use the Coast
Survey charts?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 believe they do.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I believe
they do not. I think I am authorized to say that
not a ship which sails out of the city of New
York uses one of these charts, which cost us so
much. I have a letter upon my table from a gen-
tleman of New York city, a re tired-shipmaster, and
an agent of one of the largest packet lines in the
Union, wherein he states that they do not use the
charts of the Coast Survey. I will not give Ins
came, because I know the influence of this Coast
Survey, which is overshadowing the country;
and 1 will not give his name, for i would notsub-
ject him to its hostility. I will now refer to my
friend from Maine, (Mr, Morse.] I know that
he represents a district where more ships are
built than in any other of the Union. I know
that he is familiar with this matter of navigation,
and knows, not only every rope in a ship, but
every timber, from the keelson to the main truck.
I ask him, is it true that the shipmasters sailing
out of the ports of Maine use the charts of this
Coast Survey >
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I do not know that
these Coast Survey charts have been put in a form
so as to be capable of use by ship-masters, but 1
understand that the charts which aie used are
based upon and corrected from the charts of the
Coast Survey.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Then the
charts used arc not the charts of the Coast Survey.
Why arc not these charts got up in such a way as
to be of some.practical use? It appears now that the
only use they are is to give their discoveries to
chart-makers, and compel the mercantile marine
to buy and pay for them; when, were they prop-
erly got up, they would use those made and paid
for by the Government.
Mr. MILES. 1 have seen them used on coast-
ing steamers.
Mr. WASHRURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Comins,] rep-
resentinga commercial city, has felt himself called
upon to participate m tins debate, and show
cause why this survey should not be stopped.
His reasons would be very good if they had any
foundation in fact. Ho puts it upon the ground
of the increased safety to our shipping and dimin- j
ished rates ot insurance. Rut, sir, ho did not ■
show, nor can he show, that the rates of insurance !
have diminished, or the nak to life; and 1 again ;
challenge him or any other man to show that a !
single life lias been saved by reason of the dis- j
coveries of this Coast Survey. IIis comparison I
of cost between our sui veys and those of Kngland j
and France I cannot go into, any furthci than to ;
say that he has been owiwhelmed by large fig- |
ures without stopping to inquire as to their ap- j
plication, being the same species of delusion that i
has turned the head of my luend ft oia Michigan, j
He says that Austria has'expended $8,500,000 in I
surveys. Well, what of it? Austria has no sea- !
coast, and no coast survey. She has a very nu- s
nute topographical survey, and so has France and j
England, made for the purposes of taxation, and '
which undoubtedly have cost a gieat deal of;
money. i
I wish to ask my friend from Michigan how ithap-j
pens that this Coast Survey, which is instructed
by the law to submit to Congress every year a
chartnpon which shall be delineated the progress
of the survey, showing by lines the probable
limits of the Gulf stream, and showing by the use
of colors and explanations what part is com-
pleted, has not obeyed the requirements of the
law ? «
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not want to occupy the
floor for five minutes. I only want to make a
statement of one fact. When this House was on
the question whether the Coast Survey reports
should or not be published, a petition came
from a portion of the commercial community of
New York, representing $250,000,000, protesting
against their non-publication
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD took the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Now, if
the gentleman will permit me, under the act of
March, 1853, the Superintendent is required to
prepare a general chart of the United States, on
as large scale as convenient, showing as near as
practicable, a configuration of the coast 
Mr. HOWARD. I have .only five minutes. I
cannot yield.
Mi'. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Why has
not that general chart been printed?
Mr. HOWARD. Go to the Superintendent,
and if he has not executed the law, then turn him
out.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man will go to my room, I will show him the
chart to which he refers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Wisconsin put a question to me, and he
answered it by information of his own. Undoubt-
edly it was satisfactory to himself. I say that it
is positively ascertained as a fact that mariners
from the port of New York use no other charts
than those of the Coast Survey, when they can
procure them.
Mr. HOWARD. I have already stated that,
in the prosecution of this survey one dollar had
gone as far as one pound sterling in the British
survey. The gentleman from Wisconsin denies
it. 1 do not pretend to any personal knowledge,
for I have not disbursed the money nor done the
work. I have the fact 1 have stated from the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury for 1849;
from men of intelligence and of undoubted integ-
rity, whose integrity I am ready to indorse here
or anywhere else; men who made an examination
of the subject, and they assure me that it is true.
I believe that it true.
As to the Army and the Navy, 1 have no prej-
udice against them. I would not object to their
being employed to any extent. I am not here to
defend the organization or the minuteness of the
work; but I do demand that if we are to be a com-
mercial nation, that we shall survey our coasts.
The gentleman from Wisconsin sneers at this
coast survey, in a scientific point of view. He
says that it bears no comparison to the work of
England and France, and other surveys. I say
that the most scientific men of England and
France, with all their national prejudices, declare
this to be a work that is a monument to the wis-
dom of this country, and to us scientific reputa-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Ido noibc-
heve that the gentleman wants to misrepresent me.
What 1 said was that, with regard to its extent,
it bore no compaiisun to the coast sui vey ofGreat
Dritam.
Mr. HOWARD. I say that we accomplish
five times as much work as they do, dollar for
dollar.
1 want to say another word, and then I will
yield. I do not want to go on with this discus-
sion. It is known that 1 live far in the interior;
my constituents are a thousand miles fiom any
coast port; yet, an, this is my country, and, as 1
said before, I prutef t against holding out ourselves
as a commercial people, and, at the same time,
too pcmuious to survey our coast. Ten or
tw'elve years will finish this work, on the basis
upon which it ts now progressing. That will in-
volve $6,000,000 of expenditure. We have ex-
pended $6,000,001) in building the Capitol exten-
sion. We are a commercial people. We invite
the civilized world to trade with us; and yet we
can expend §6,000,000 on our Capitof; which we
did not need, but cannot survey our coast. This
is, to me, a national question. My constituents
are far away from the coast, but we are ail a part
of this great people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 move
to amend by-inserting the following proviso:
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated shall be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to that amendment
as out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. MILES. It changes the law; the work
is now, by law, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. While it is out of order
to make a general provision in an appropriation
bill, yet a proviso limiting the manner in which
money appropriated is to be used, is always held
in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am very
happy to hear my friend from Michigan say that
he is so very national. I claim to be as national
as he is; and I claim this to be my country as
well as his; he need not think he is going to have
it all. It is not bocause I am a western man that
I propose to reduce these expenditures; but be-
cause I think there are good reasons for doing so.
I expected that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] would sustain this Coast Survey. I
know his position as connected with the Smithso-
nian Institution, which I regard as an appendage
to the Coast Survey. I can tell him that the
people are not quite satisfied with the manner in
which that institution is managed; and the time
is not far distant when some gentlemen in this
House may feel called upon to ask him for a lit-
tle information on this subject.
But my proposition has been opposed by gen-
tlemen whom I did not expect to see opposing it.
I am opposed to this Coast Survey because we
are deriving no benefit commensurate with the
expense. What are these benefits ? The Super-
intendent has collected in a table (Executive Doc-
ument, No. 6, second session Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress) the valuable discoveries that have been
made; and I wish to call attention to them. I will
begin at the head of the table, and read them in
their order. The first on the list I commend to
the special attention of the gentleman from Maine.
I begin with the fust.
"1. Determination of the position of a sunken rock on
which tliD steamer Daniel Wehster struck, m Caseo bay, on
October 13,1856.55
Now, bear in mind that this bay had been sur-
veyed and charts made two years before, and you
have a pretty good idea of the value of this work.
The way these gentlemen discover sunken rocks,
is by running valuable steamers on them; rather
an expensive way. It reminds me of the method
the Chinese have of loasting a pig. Having ac-
cidentally discovered, by the burning of a house
in which there was a pig, that roast pork was
very fine, when they want roast pig they burn a
house. So these gentlemen, when they wish to
discover a sunken rock, run a valuable steamer
on it.
Here is discovery No. 2:
" ;5. Determination of the dimensions of Aldend's Rock,
near Cape Elizabeth, Maine, 1854."
This must be a very valuable discovery. It is
not claimed that this rock was not well known to
everybody; but these wise men have discovered
the bigness of it.
Ilcrc is the next discovery:
"li Dutciiumatiou of roekdoff Maibiehend and Nahant,
I8.V> •'
I have no time to comment upon that very val-
uable discovery.
M A oek not on anvchaum the inner harbor of Glou-
cester, M;  ^ae!ius>eu-, ili^coveied m 1853."
Now, in regard to this discovery in the harbor
of Gloucester, I will undertake to say that there
is not a fisherman that sails out of Gloucester,
that cannot, in the darkest night, drop a plum-
met upon every rock m the reach of a ship's keel
within the limits of that harbor or miles of that
coast; and that this rock was well known long
before it was discovered by the coast survey.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
