1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
s®r
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I know that Mr. Layman heartily
thanks the House for this act of justice.
J. T. hhOYD.
Mr. WINSL'OW, from the Committee on the
Library, reported back the memorial of J. T.
Lloyd, and moved that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
HIRAM POWERS.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the Committee on the
Library, reported back Senate bill (No. 476) to
authorize the President to make advances of
money to Iiiram Powers.
The bill was read.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will occupy the attention
of the House but a few moments m explaining the
bill.- Some years ago $15,000 we.re appropriated
to be expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, in procuiing statues of
Franklin and Jefferson, for the ornamentation of
the Capitol. Last Congress the sum was reap-
propriated. The President has, in pursuance of
that authority, made a contract with the distin-
guished American artist, Powers, by which these
statues are to be executed, and delivered in this
country for $20,000. By the terms of the con-
tract an advance is to be made of $2,500, and of
further sums from time to time as the woik pro-
gresses, upon the certificate of our consul at
Genoa. By the provisions of an old statute, I
believe the act of 1823, the authority of an act of
Congress is required. And now, sir, having thus
briefly explained the bill, I ask the previous
question.
The previous, question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;-
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WINSLOW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN KETCHUM AND RICE H. BROWN.
On motion of Mr. HUGHES, it was
Ordered, That the papers of John M. Ketchum and the
papers of ltice M. Biown be taken from the table, anil the
toimor be lefened to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and the latter to the Committee on Military Allans.
NAVAL INFORMATION.
Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a resolution of inquiry, under instructions from
the Naval Committee. It is essential that the
committee have such information to enable them
to report advisedly upon mutters referred to them
bv the House.
"Consent was given; and the following resolu-
tion was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be lequoted
toturnifcli the House with the followuigm'oun.Uion: names
of the navy-yards, and thoir localities and areas; outlay on
each up to the ptesent time, includingco>t ot sites ami im-
provements thereon ; at what yard* line-of-bdtiie shtp^ and
Ingates can be constiuetul, including the moan depth of
water in the appioac'ies rrotn sea; the character of the de-
fenses of the } aids s=eveially ; the yaids at which enginos,
boiler?, and machmeiv for steam fn<xatt?«, may no'v be con-
stituted; the distance of the Atlantic coast-yards apait;
the number and ehaiacter of the docks at which such ships
as (lie Fianklm and Niaiaia can be docked; mam water
at the Philadelphia dock:*, with annual cof-t of dredging;
and annual expenses classified to the several yards.
REDUCTION OF NAVAL EXPENSES.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce another resolution
on the same subject.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rp^oh-etl, That ihe Committee on Naval Affaiis be re-
quested to repoii to tins flou^e what legislation, consistent
with the interests of the service, i-> feasible and neccspaiy
to reduce ttie expenses of the naval department, and par-
ticularly in the bateau of construction, docks, yards, cce.;
and whether any of the yaids oi docks now in use, or now
in piocess ut cori^Uiieiion, can be abandoned ; and that said
committee have leave to teport, by hill or otherwise, at any
tune; and that they in: lequcsted to repot t such other meas-
iiies as may contribute to economy and accountability in
said establishment.
Mr. FLORENCE. It appeals to me that that
resolution had better go to the Department. I do
not know what information the Naval Commit-
tee can communicate, unless they get it from the*
Department.
Mr. HOWARD. The Resolution calling for
information is already adopted. This resolution
is giving the committee p&wer to act and to re-
port at any time. *
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to it.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
STEAMBOAT BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire Jo
say to the House that I shall, at an early day,
move to go i/ito the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the purpose of taking up
the steamboat bill, as it is called, which was re-
ported by that committee at the last session. I
desire, in the mean time, to have a substitute
printed, that it may be laid on the desks of mem-
bers, and that they "may be prepared to act upon it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I object. ♦
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to object to the printing of
the substitute?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Has the substi-
tute received the sanction of the committee?
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then I object.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn;
and the substitute was ordered to be printed.
CODIFICATION OP REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all debate on House bill No. 487 be eloserl
ill one hour after tfie consideration of the same shall have
been resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask leave to introduce
a bill which I have asked on one or two occasions
before to introduce. It is a bill to iiuthonze the
President of the United States to contract for the
transportation of the mails, troops, seamen, mu-
nitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, and all
other Government service, by lailroad, from the
navigable waters of the Gulf of Mexico to the nav-
igable waters of the Pacific ocean. 1 wish to have
it printed and referred to the select committee oil
the Pacific railroad.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House lesolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Onion.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The reason I
have submitted this motion is that this is not ob-
jection day, and no progress would be made in
j! the consideration of private bills. It is therefore
11 useless to go into a Committee of the Whole House
i! on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DEWART. I desire to inquire what will
come up next in committee after the bill for the
codification of the revenue laws is disposed of?
The SPEiKHR. The President's message.
Mr. FLORENCE, if by unanimous consent
the House will agree to make this objection day,
then there would be some utility in going into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar. I ask that unanimous consent may be
given for that purpose.
Mr. CRAIG E, of North Carolina. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to—ayes eighty-one, noes
not counted. 4
CODIFICATION. OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 487) for the cod-
ification of the revenue laws, on which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Comins] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. COMINS. It is a very common remark,
Mr. Chairman, when speaking of laws which
seem to have become fixed and unchangeable, that,
like the laws of (he Medes and Persians, they are'
incapable of being repealed. If this raying will-,
not apply to the revenue and navigation laws,
which, from 1792 to the present time, have so
often been changed and amended, it will apply .'to
the o.bnoxious provisions of those laws, which;
indeed, seem to have become fixed and irtepeal-
able.
After frequent appeals by the President; after
repeated demands on the part of the Secretary of
the Treasury, prompted by the urgent solicita-
tions of merchants and those engaged in naviga-
tion, that Congress should give its attention to
these things, the Senate, on.the 19th of January,
1853, instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to
prepare a draft of ageneral revenue collection code, '
with a view of superseding all, existing laws on
the subject, and which should embrace all neces-
sary provisions for regulating the foreign and do-
mestic commerce of the United States. In com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate', the
Secretary of theTreasury, on the 11th July, 185#,
submitted a bill subdivided into fourteen chapters,
under appropriate heads, and covering two hun-
dred and ninety pages, entitled "A bill for the
codification of the existing revenue laws, and for
other purposes."
The Committee on Commerce of the Horise,
to which the whole subject was referred, reported
back the bill which hail been drafted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with sundry amendments,
and with a recommendation that it pass.
In the early part of theThirty-Fourth Congress,
the same bill was introduced by Mr. Fuller, of
Maine, and again referred to the Committee on
Commerce, which, after further consideration and
amendment, was reported liack to the House, with
an earnest desire that it should become a law.
The long session of tlie Thirty-Fourth Congress
being the one immediately preceding a presidential
election, it was, as I fear it always will be during
such sessions, impossible to get much attention to
the business interest of the country.
At the commencement of the present Congress,
after a further revision by the Secretary of the
Treasury, it was again refcircd, and although it
has been m the cspccial charge of the chairman
of the committee, the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] I have given
to it that attention which my position as one of
the Representatives of the second commercial city
in the Union, seemed to demand. It was, upon
consideration, agreed in committee to omit for
the present the first two chapters of the bill as
originally drafted by the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury. The first chapter related to the establishing
of collection districts, and designating the ports
of entry and delivcry*in the same. The second
cliaptcr related to the appointment of officers for
the collection of customs, provided for their com-
pensation, arranged and classified the districts,
prescribed the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
urv in some cases, and gave him almost unlim-
ited power in others. The opinions of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce were con-s
dieting with reference to these two chapters, and
it was unanimously agreed, that, for the present,
they should be omitted altogether.
The bill now before the House, relates to the
registry of vessels and regulating the coasting
trade; the government and regulation of seamen
in the merchant service in the United States; the
duties of officers of the customs and masters of
vessels on entry of vessels from foreign ports; en-
termgand unloading goods, cargoes, baggage, and
stores; appraisement of imported merchandise;
warehousing under bond of imported merchan-
dise; obtaining statements of foreign commerce of
the United States; seizures, suits on duty bonds,
prosecution for the recovery of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures, their distribution and remission;
revenue cutters, their officers and pilots; marine
hospitals and health laws; importation of drugs
and medicines; and the examination of custom-
houses, depositories, and other public officers,
prohibited importations, and other miscellaneous
provisions.
The various chapters, sections, and provisions
of this bill have been so well and ably explained
by the chairman of the committee, that it would
be useless for me to consume the time of the
House in.speaking to its details. I believe more
labor and consideration has been bestowed upon
this measute by the Committee on Commerce,
