1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
knowledge he ever had. Well, sir, that may be
a very good reason for his sustaining Professor
Baehe, but I have never heard that Professor
Bache suffered materially from the loss of knowl-
edge which-lie imparted to my friend from IJew
jersey. I do not'know that h^ ever missed it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I did not state tb^t fact as my
reason for supporting or opposing the amend-
ment. I stated it as a reason why I felt an inter-
est in the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Very well;
the gentleman read from a pamphlet which has
been laid on our tables. Now; I protest against
the manner in which these gentlemen of the Coast
Survey come here to influence the action of this
House. That has ever been the case. There is
scarcely a square mile in the United States of
America which does not contain a partisan for
this'Coast Survey, and, when I made the motion
to reduce this appropriation, I had no expectation
that it would carry. Such is the influence which
is combined in this House, that I fear it will be
a long time before these abuses will be checked.
Mr. HOWARD. I will say that there is no
square mile in my State which contains an advo-
cate for the coast survey.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am glad
to hear it; and I have no doubt the people of his
$tate will hold him to a strict account for the
course he is talcing here in sustaining a system
which has no advocates there.
Mr. CLAIIK B. COCHRANE. I ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin whether he is opposed
entirely to the coast survey?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I answer
the gentleman that I am; and I have been show-
ing that the country will derive no benefit from
it. I have taken your own leport; I have shown
the valuable discoveries that you profess to
have made, and I have shown that they are ut-
terly worthless. But, sir, if the system is to be
carried on, then I say that it ought to be trans-
ferred to the Navy Department. The coast sur-
vey under the British Government has been un-
der the supcrm tendency of Rear Admiral Beaufort,
of the Navy, for a long"series of years; and, sir,
the ships of the American Navy, themselves, use
the charts of the British Admiralty. They have
extended their surveys to every part of the known
world; and, notwithstanding that, they have ex-
pended in the aggregate only $10,000,000; and if
the truth could be known, it would he found that
we have expended nearly that amount in our coast
surveys; but, taking the amount which we have
expended, as stated by other gentlemen here, mid
I say , then, that we have accomplished absolutely
nothing in comparison with the results of the
British Admiralty, in proportion to the amounts
expended.
[lien: the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHULPS,of Missouri. I have risen, not
for the purpose of debating this amendment, but
for flic purpose of appealing to gentlemen that
they will not discuss this subject further, but will
vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
amend by striking $20,000 from the following
clause:
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs and keys,
(excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the Aunyand
Navy, and peity olficois? and men of the Navy employed on
the vvoik,) .*10,000.
It is impossible, Mr. Chairman, to open up this
subjoct as it ought to be, and as every one will
see, in a five minutes' debate. I understood in
the beginning that it was perfectly useless to at-
tempt to resist this, as it seems to mo, extrava-
gant expenditure of money.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask _
the gentleman from Wisconsin a question. 1 j
understand him to say that he isoppoaed to carry-
ing on tins system of coast survey. Now, sir,
there is another item of $75,000, and still another
of $15,000, for carrying on the surveys of the
same character on the northern lalces. What I
desire to know is, if he is opposed to the whole
system, why he did not make his opposition ?
Does the gentleman mean to say that surveys are
necessary on the northern lakes, and that no sur-
veys are necessary on the sea-coast?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Why,
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen seem to proceed on
the assumption that this country was discovered
but yesterday by Christopher Columbus. Why,
sir, all the harbors and approaches to our sea-
coasts were surveyed years ago. The charts now
used are those made up long ago. The charts
used now, are almost universally either the Ad-
miralty charts, or those of Mr. Blunt, of New
York. A ship woyld as soon think of leaving
our shores' without a compass, as without the
charts of the British Admiralty.
But, in reference to that $75,000, let me say,
that I think it 'could have been much better ex-
pended in improving up our harbors. But, sir,
1 do not complain of the gentleman from Maine;
nor do I complain of gentlemen upon this side of
the House, for want of liberality to the West.
They have helped to vote harbor appropriations
for our lakes. We have been defeated by Exe-
cutive vetoes, and by other means.
But gentlemen from the East surely cannot
complain that we of the West have not been lib-
eral, too, in our appropriations for their benefit.
I represent a constituency four times as numerous
as that of at least one gentleman upon this floor,
who represents an entire State in this Union, and
is represented in the Senate of the United States
by two Senators. Yet, in my district, not one
dollar of the money of the Government has ever
been expended in improvements. To be sure, an
appropriation of $50,000 was made at a former
session for a court-house and post office in the
city of Madison, our capital; but the Secretary
did not see fit to expend it. It was reappropri-
ated the other day; and it may be, that, in the
course of time, we may have an expenditure to
that extent of the funds of the Government in
the second congressional district of Wisconsin.
Rut, sir, in that other district to which I refer—I
mean the State of Florida—there has been an ex-
penditure of at least $500,000 on this coast survey
alone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have not risen
for the purpose of discussing the question, but for
the purpose of appealing to gentlemen to bring
this five minutes' debate to a close. Unless that
is done, 1 shall be compelled to move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of closing the five
minutes* debate altogether, or else to strike out
the enacting Glause of the bill. I do not desire
to do either.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I desire to say
a single word, if the gentleman from Missouri
will allow me. We have been told, in order to
destroy the weight of the name of Secretary Cor-
win, that he never wrote the report to which al-
lusion has been made, but that it came from the
coast survey. It was said, in reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who made a
speech in defense of this coast survey, tlnit^ he
was somehow connected with the Smithsonian
Institution, and that the Smithsonian Institution
was connected with the coast survey. And when
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Adr.un]
read a report of some scientific men of this coun-
try, assembled at Montreal a year and a half ago,
the question was put to him, how many of those
whose names were signed to that icpoi t were con-
nected with the coast survey? I am authoiized
to say that there is but one gentleman on that com-
mittee who is connected with the coast survey.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is per-
fectly evident that the House intends to pass this
bill and these appropriations for the coast sur-
vey. It was my desire to call the attention of the
committee to some of the abuses which have grown
up here. I regret that I have not had a better op-
portunity to do so. 1 a,-.i confined to five minutes
speeches, and niy remarks have necessarily been
disjointed and broken up.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is pend-
ing, and the gentleman's remarks are not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
strike out the following:
££ For publishing the ob^ei vat ions madu in the process, of
the purvey of the coast of the United States, $o,000 ?}
Mr. Chairman, I protest against the manner
in which this matter has been treated before the
House. We have been flooded with pamphlets.
This pamphlet, to which allusion has been made,
was placed upon our tables when it was expected
this appropriation would come up, and without
any opportunity to us to examine its contents or to
answer it. Here is a pamphlet from a committee
of twenty. Here are the names appended to it;
F. A. P. Barnard, (chairman,) Joseph G. Totten,
Benjamin Pierce, John Torrey, Joseph Henry,
John F. Frazer, Chauvenet, John Le-
conte, William M. Gillespie, F. H. Smith, W.
H- C. Bartjett, Wolcott Gibbs, Stephen Alexan-
der, Lewis R. Gibbes, Joseph Winlock, James
Phillips, WttlifitfP Ferrel, Edward Hitchcock,
James P. Dana. How many of these gentlemen
belong to the coast survey I do npt know. Pro-
fessor Pierce I know does, and Mr. Winlock,
whose name here appears, is, employed in the
getting up that useless piece of work the Nautical
Almanac, for which you have just voted, with-
out a twinge of conscience, over twenty-six thou-
sand dollars; an almanac \vhich is not worth
a straw to the people of this country. Jt is not
used by a single ship-master sailing from the
ports of the United States. They use exclusively
the British nautical almanac. Others probably
know better than I do what connection this com-
mittee of twenty have with the coast survey.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Gibbes is one of my constit-
uents, and has no connection with the coast sur-
vey.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am found
fault with because I referred to the select commit-
tee's report as having been written at the office of
the Coast Survey. I ask gentlemen to take up
that report and examine it, and compare it with
reports made heretofore from the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey. When they do that, they
will, I think, not deny the correctness of my
statement; and here, sir, this pamphlet of the
twenty, which I have just spoken of, purports to
come from the University of Mississippi; I will
not say that it was not manufactured in Missis-
sippi. I have the right to have my own opin-
ions on the subject. It has been circulated by the
Coast Survey, and I will venture the fact that it
has been printed with the Coast Survey money
as well as other pamphlets which have been
placed upon our desks.
Mr. ADRAIN. Has the gentleman read it
through ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
read as much as I had time to read. It was placed
upon members' desks when it was expected the
appropriation would come up, and when no op-
portunity is allowed for examination of its state-
ments.
Mr. ADRAIN. Does the gentleman dispute
the facts ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
only five minutes, and I cannot be constantly in-
terrupted; if I had more time, I would answer all
the gentleman*s questions. The friends of the
coast survey in this House were wise in choking
off discussion, but I intend to be heard hereafter.
All that I expected now was to call attention to
this overgrown and overshadowing institution,
and put the people m the country upon inquiry.
If I have succeeded in that, I am satisfied, up
to this period it has been a close corporation,
concerning which few have cared to inquire. In
the mean time, it has gone on increasing in influ-
ence and power. Politicians have had friends to
provide for, and the coast survey furnished a good
opening for that purpose, and they have suffered
this thing to grow to its present proportions; and
the press, to which we are accustomed to look
for an exposure of abuses, has, with a few ex-
ceptions, either been its open advocate, or been
drugged and possessed by the devil of silence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEWART,of Maryland. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Wis-
consin.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let me say a word. In
reading over the names attached to the report re-
ferred to, special emphasis was laid by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] upon
the name of Mr. Winlock, and in a way that de-
noted some reproach. That gentleman is at the
head ofthe Nautical Almanac. He is not from my
district, but is from my State. 1 know him, and
it is a duty 1 owe him, when I hear his name
mentioned with some degree of reproach, to state
that no man deserves it less than he. He has ele-
vated himself, by his own natural and peculiar
genius for mathematical and astronomical science,
to the preeminent position he now holds in the
scientific world. For his singular ability in as-
