394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
that it might be well matured and perfected, than
has been bestowed upon all other bills, not of a
political character, which have been reported du-
ring the past four'years. And yet, I fear, from in-
dications of hostility by some, and of indifference
on the part of others, during the consideration of
this subject when first called up in Committee of
the Whole, that, from a want of information
which personal application and study alone can
give, and from a want of confidence in heads of
Departments, and in committees, which is be-
coming more and more apparent in the action of
Congress, this bill will be again postponed.
If it is not passed before the close of the pres-
ent session, I cannot conceive how any member
of a committee can hereafter be induced to take it
in charge. It has been under consideration for
six years. Undoubtedly it may be improved. I
think it should be further amended. Thatis what
we are in Committee of the Whole to do. It was
with this understanding that I agreed to have the
bill reported. Therefore, I urge upon the com-
mittee to amend and perfect, but not destroy it.
If it does not become a law before the close of
this Congress, theie is little chance that it will
for at least two years to come. Each new Sec-
retary of the Treasury, should there be changes
in the Cabinet, must give it an examination. An
entire new Committee on Commerce, perhaps,
but which will not, probably, in any event, be
organized for a year, and which will not for a year
after that get into working condition, must go
through its"pages. In the mean time, the import-
ing merchant, and those engaged in navigation,
must continue to rely upon enactments, the pro-
visions of winch are repugnant to, and inconsist-
ent with, common sense.
One of the acts winch work great injustice to j
ship-owners, and wluc.li is repealed by this biII,
is the law of 1817, which imposes a duty or tax
of fifty cents per ftn upon \essels of the United
States returning from foreign* ports With a ciew
two thirds of which are noteiuzensof the United
States, Every puuuicnl man knows that it is
wholly and absolute I y impossible to cum ply with
the provisions of this law. A ve.Nj-.el may leave
the U ni ted States with a full A met lean crew; but,
in case of a loss of men by sirkness or death, or
from any unforeseen casual ty,she leturns one man
short of the complement required by law, til though
unable to obtain a sniffle American seaman at the
foreign port last visited, she forfeits a sum vary-
ing according to her tonnage. It may be said
this law is not enforced. It is enforced. Appli-
cations for a remission of these duties an4 con-
stantly befoie CungiettS. It has been my foituno
to have charge of these petitions in the Commit-
tee on Commerce. We hrtve been successful m
only one or two cases. They often fail from in-
aceuiaeies in the papers made out by the Amer-
ican consul, and from other causes.
Tlfe case of the ship John L. Dimmock, of
Boston, whHi sailed from Mobile, Alabama, in
March, I860, bound lor Falmouth, hmgland, w ith
a crew constituted according to law; ail her offi-
cers and two thirds of her men being citizens of
the United Sute.s, or poisons not subjects of any
foreign Power, is now {lending before the Com-
mittee on Commerce. In the prosecution of her
voyage she proceeded from Falmouth to the Baltic.
Whilst at a port there, a portion of her crew de-
serted. She returned to Boston on the 8th of Sep-
tember, with a ciew, less t ban two thirds of winch
were American citizens. Theie were no American
seamen at the Baltic potts. It was impossible to
obtain them. Her only alternative was to remain
abroad or return to the United States with a for-
eign eicw. The master of the John L. Dimmock
not having compiled with the provisions of the
law of Ibl?, the collector of Boston imposed a
♦ tonnage duty of $544 upon his ship. This duty
was paid under protest, with the expectation thatit
would be remitted by Congress. Through defects
in the consular papers, this sum will be forfeited.
The exaction and retention of this money, under
the circumstances, is, in my judgment, Utile better
than a fraud upon the owner of die vessel.
The repeal of the unjust act of 1817, and the
abolition of certain papeis called <4 protections,"
required to be produced ac the custom-house, to
establish the citizenship of seamen, but which in
many cases are bogus papeis, is an important
feature in this bill. *
The provision in thrs bili for the admeasure-
ment of vessels is a great improvement upon the
law of 1799 upon this subject. By the pending
bill, every ship or vessel must be rated exactly,
according to her carrying capacity.
Under the lawofl799 a vessel cannotcommence
discharging: until she h&s been in port seven days, i
at the option of the owner of the cargo. The law j
reads five days. But,by the construction put upon i
it by some collectors, it is made seven. I think this j
is the contruction put upon it by the collector of I
New York. The pending bill makes it obligatory I
upon owners to receive their goods within live '
running days. The difference in time, though
apparently unimportant, is often of vital import-
ance to the ship-owner. My own opinion is, that
the time should be reduced to three days. The
law of 1799 was passed under a state of things
entirely different from that which now exists.
Then the merchant received his invoice by the
same vessel which brought out his merchandise;
flow he receives his invoice by mail steamers from
Europe,and by overland mail from India,a long
time in anticipation of the arrival of the vessel,
and theie can-be no necessity for delay in the re-
ception of the goods.
fey the law of 1793, all canal and river boats, if
masted, are required to be registered. The en-
forcement of this act has-been the source of great
annoyance and expense to all who are engaged
in the canal and river navigation. By a section
in the first chapter of this bill, this law is so mod-
ified as to be acceptable to those engaged in this
branch of navigation. -
Under the law of 1799, appraisements of im-
poited merchandise can be made by foreign mer-
chants, residents m the United States; by the
pending bill, appraisers must bo citizens of the
United Stares; a change which is demanded by
the manufacturing interests of,the whole conn-
try, and which must meet the hearty approval of
every American citizen.
Hut, Mr. Chairman, I will not multiply points;
those I have named, though important, and de-
manded by the exigencies of the times, are of less
consequence than those wh^ch can only be under-
stood by a close and cnieful reading of the bill, and
by a comparison of its provisions with those of
laws which are repealed by it, and which are as
oppressive as they are complicated.
Why adhere with such pertinacity to ancient,
laws, so confused, so complicated, and so unjust in
their provisions as those by which our mercantile
marine is governed ? Whyshould thisgreatinter-
est be longer hampered and embarrassed? The
necessity for consolidating, amending, and re-
suming the collection and navigation laws, has
been urged over and over again. The codification
and amendment of these laws is not only de-
manded by the shipping interest, but it is de-
manded by the entire transportation interestofthe
country. It is not confined to ocean transporta-
tion, but it is demanded by the railroad, the
canal, the lake and the river interest.
1 am jn favor of this bill, with proper amend-
ments, upon general principles. 1 wish to see a
broad and national policy adopted in everything
that, lelales to the great interests .of the country.
We are called a progressive people. But, sii, wo
are far behind Great Britain and Prance in all that
gives encouragement to national industry. I give
my support to this bill upon the hypothesis that
it will benefit those engaged in navigation. There
is no business which has suffered so much dur-
ing tiie last few years as the shipping interest.
It is to the indomitable energy and perseverance
of the American character, as exemplified espe-
cially in the American merchant, and not in the
codpeiation of the Government, that our tonnage
now numbers over five million tons. From this
immense investment of £>300,000,000, no net in-
come has been received during the past two or
three years. There is mPfcpeeies of property that
pays so poorly. A line of American steamers,
created and organized at a vast expense and la-
bor, and which was a credit as great to the enter-
prising proprietor as it was an honor to the na-
tion, has been driven from the ocean.
There are at this time but two American steam-
ships (Fulton and Arago) upon the Atlantic, en-
gaged m European transportation, either in pas-
sengers or merchandise. Those of the Collins
line were long ago hauled off, and are all for sale.
The staunch and magnificent Vanderbilt—the
pnde of America—and which was as ample and
liberal in her interior accommodations as she was
grand in her outward appearance when she floated
so majestically upon the broad and beautiful Poto-
mac, is, too, hauled off—not from any distrust of
her strength or safety; not from any want of
speed, for that has never been surpassed; but
because she does not pay.
The red smoke-pipe, emblematical of British
nationality, is the well-known signal of the steam-
ships and propellers which to-day monopolize the
quick carrying trade of Boston and of New York
with the British empire and the European States.
England looks sharply to the interest of her
mercantile marine. No premier could retain power
an hour, under the Crown or Parliament,'who
should look with disfavor upon any material in-
terest of that empire. Sir, I hope the day is not
far distant, when no American statesman can reach
power who is false to, or looks with indifference
upon, the great industrial interest of his own
country.
I should not like to say this bill might not be
improved in several sections. There are, undoubt-
edly, imperfections in it. There are. many things
I would have otherwise. I am not satisfied with
those sections of the bill yirhich relate to the re-
gistry of foreign built vessels, by virtue of a lien •
or mortgage, or otherwise. If these provisions
are likely to interfere with the ship-huildmg in-
terests of the country, they should be amended,
or stricken out. I shall be governed to a great
extent by the judgment of those who represent
ship-building districts, with reference to this part
of the bill. True, there are a large number of
vessels built annually, in the district which 1 have
the honor to i-epresent; but they aie all first-class
• ships, and have a character so well established
i that they require no protection. They will bring a
, higher price in any foreign port than any foreign-
built ship will bring here.
I do not regard as vital the objection raised by
the honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
ClaukJ to that section of the bill which author-
izes the Secretary of the Navy to appoint com-
missioners to superintend the shipment of ap-
prentices. But I shall be most happy to listen to
any amendment upon this point the honorable
gentleman may think proper to submit. These
commissioners must be appointed by some pbwer;
and \ would as soon vest it in the Secretary of
the Navy as to place it in the hands of a district
judge, a United States commissioner, or any
other Federal officer. I suppose the gentleman
from New York goes upon the principle that no
good can come out of Nazareth. Well, sir, I
have sometimes been of this opinion myself. But
I hope, before the public career of the gentleman
from New York is brought to a close, we shall
all be persuaded that much good can come out of
Nazareth.
In my judgment, this whole matter of appren-
ticeship should be reviewed with much care be-
fore it is adopted; and no man should'serve on
this commission who has not been a ship-master,
in good standing, at least three years.
Not wishing to embarrass this bill in the House,
I had hoped it would be made so perfect in com-
mittee that it would require no fui theramendment.
At a proper time, before it is taken out of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, 1 hope, by general consent,
there maybe an amendment to the seventeenth line
of the eighteenth section, in the second chapter. I
had supposed this was to have been changed. By a
provision of an old law, masters of vessels are re-
quired to bring homo American seamen from what-
ever foieign port they maybe requested by the
United States consul, tor the sum of ten dollars for
each man. without regard to distance, or the length
of time they may be on board. The absurdity of
retaining this provision will be readily seen when
it is observed that the thirteenth section of the
same chapter requires the master of every Amer-
ican vessel to advance three months' extra pay
for every American seaman^ discharged at a for-
eign port. After having paid from thirty-six to
forty-five dollars for every such discharged sea-
man, it would seem that the duty of the ship-
owners to these seamen, and to the Government,
had been fulfilled. And if required to again take
them on boaid and bring them home, they should
receive a fair and reasonable compensation there-
for.
It is still more absurd to pay ten dollars for
the transportation of a seaman from Liverpool
