1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BM
to Boston or New York, and pay no more for
bringing him from Calcutta, Java, or Canton. I
am aware gentlemen will say Jack works lus pas-
sage. This is not so; and this argument should
not be received. It is seldom, if ever, that the
services of seamen are made available under this
law. The amount should be, by general consent,
changed from ten dollars, as it now stands, for
the voyage, however long or short, to thirty cents
Eer day, from the time said seamen are put on
oard by the American consul until delivered at the
American port. Some of our Boston ship-owners
rate the rations of their men as high as fifty cents
per day. Thirty cents is the minimum. I trust
this amendment-XvilL prevail, for there oan be no
objection to it.
The Secretary of the Treasury, impressed with
the responsibility which rests upon him, and with
a commendable desire to do justice as between ,
the merchant and the Government; and who has ;
imposed upon hitn, and invested in him, the duty ;
and authority to decide the legal meaning of all I
revenue laws, and whose decisions are conclu- j
sive and-binding upon the officers of the customs, ;
is urgent, and justly so, that this bill should pass.
In his last annual report, he calls the attention of j
Congress to this subject, in the following para- |
gxaph: i
" I deem it my duty to call the attention of Congress to the j
bill toi the levision and consolidation of the revenue laws, 1
reported by me 111 obedience to a resolution of the House of
Repiesentiitivcs at the last session of Congre«<?. Por the
reasons then suggested, I deem it important that the bill
should receive the favorable action of Congress at the pres-
ent se.^&ion.
To show with what solicitude this measure is
regarded by business men, I desire to read a let-
ter, which, though it refers especially to the act
of 1817, (which is repealed by this bill,) is ex-
pressive of the desire which pervades the busi-
ness community, and which has been msjnfested
by all with whom I have corresponded and con-
versed upon this subject—that a code should be
adopted which can be as readily undeistood and
interpreted by the merchant and the ship-master,
as by the attorney or the court:
J3oston, March 31, ISj8.
Dear Sir: The laws regulating and «overnins tlte em-
ployment ot seamen m the mercantile marine unpen.uively
demand revision and amendment. they now stand, they
aie to a meat extent unpiacticahle, w hether leg.ud be had to
a compliance with lliuir letpuicmentM oi the execution of
theirpiovisions; and when thove piovi-ioncare m an occa-
sional instance executed, they almost inevitably woik a
gro?:$ injustice upon the ship-owner.
By the act <>f Maich 1, a duty of fifty cents per ton
is imposed upon vo->eN of the United States enteung a
district oi one State trom a d.Mrict in another State, except
it be an rt-1 j-jijiih^i State on the sea-codM, oi on a navmable
nvei oi laky; and 1U0 on vessels o! the United States an iv-
ing fi oni toman poits, unless the oificcu.and at lca-H thiee
fourths of the etevv, m one eaM-, and two ttiiids ot the crew
in the othni e.i^c, he proved eiti/.en* of the United State?,
or pei^on-j not the nuIijocn of any loteign Power. The same
act piovules lor an abatement of this duty only m cas-es
where a Uihne to have such pioportions of Ameiican sea-
men results fiom sickness, death, deseiUou, or captuie on
the voyaae.
The terms of this act bear with great hardship upon the^
navigation of the country, for the lea^on that the ?upply of
Ameiican seamen is in ordmaiy tunes entirely inadequate
to the demand. They do not exist, and hence cannot be
employed. From this state of the law, and from the fact,
another in cat evil le-.ult^. To enable a ve-sel, clearing fiom
the Ujuted States, to return to a home port, without being
subjected to an oneions tax, it must be pioved that two
thuds of her crew aie citizens, either native oi natuiahzed,
of the United States. To do this, ceiiam papers, called
protections," are ptoduced at the custom-house, to es-
tablish the citizenship of the seamen. Now, it is a fact so
notorious a? to require no proof, that m the vast majouty
of cases. the*e papeis do not truly describe the persons
whom they purpoitto represent. The crew list is made up
to meet the " pi erections.'' of which eveiy ahippirig-m.ibter
constantly keeps a supply on hand- A system of continual
fraud is thu-* practiced upon the Government, which the
ofiiceis of the Government aie compelled to connive at
fiom the vciy nature of the Government'?? exactions, arid
which the ship-owner and the ship-master are torced to be-
come names to, from the veiy necessities of the case. The
law holds out to them 1 he alternative of an Amcucan crew
oi the foifcttuie of the privileges of an American vessel.
They cannot obtain the foi mer, tor the seamen do not exi«t.
They cannot submit to the latter, for it destroys their busi-
ness, and ditves them fiom the ocean. The eonsequences
which might he calculated upon en-ue.
But this law does not standalone. A more leeent enact-
ment, if that enactment Ivis been correctly constiued by the
Government authorities, adds to the difficulties thrown in
the wav of American commerce l y the act ot 1817. Ev the
act of February 28,1803, the dischargeof seamen in foreign
countries was limited to certain cases therein specified:
and, as m nil these cases the payment of three months' ex-
tra wines by the master was tequiied as a condition, the
rmbt of dtscha'ge was practically reduced to narrow limits.
But the act of July 20, 1840. confeis upon the consul* and
commercial agents of the United States authority, upon the
application of both the master and any mariner of the ves-
sel under his command, to discharge such mariner,on such
teims as will, m his judgment, save the United States from
the liability to support such mariner, provided the master
shall assent thereto. Now, a vessel of file United States
airives m a foreign port. Jt may be tor the interest ot the
seamen to he dischaiged then. Wages may be higher; or
some other cau^e may exist which, in their opinion, makes
a dischaige desirable. They have a right, under the law,to
such a discharge, if the master assent. If the master with-
hold such assent, the seamen become'diseontented, perhaps
mutinous, and probably ins voyage is broken up. If he do
assent, then he may be unable to procure a •> protected"
ciew: and, on his return to the United States, is subjected
to a tonnage duty. In either event, thoicfore, he is almost
certain to suffer. Now, vvhatship-owneis,and these inter-
ested in the,commerce of the couutiy—and who is not?—
want, is the application of a principle which is recognized
in every other branch of business, to the bianch in which
they arc engaged. The fanner is at liberty to employ what
labor he pleases; the manufactuier, the meichant,the ait-
iy.au, are not relucted to Aiuencan citizens, m their vari-
ous department4? of enterprise; why should the ship-owner
be an exception? Whv should a requisitwUje made of him
which places him at a disadvantage with the ship-ownei of
foreign countries? With very lew exceptions the ships of
othei nations an ivins: m the ports of the United States are
exempt fiom duties of eveiy name and nature; and yet our
own ships aie constantly exposed, and notunficqueutly sub-
jected to an exaction exoibitaut in amount, and m eveiy
lcspect unnece^atv, impolitic, and unjust.
Theie is a propnety in lequnnig Ameiican vessels to be
oflicercd by Ameiican citizens ; and to the law in this le^ard
no objection is intended to be made; but a repeal of so much
of the act of 1817, and all other laws, as imposes a tonnage
duty on vesselsofthe United States, for a failuie-to be nav-
igated by crews composed of aceitain proportion of Amer-
ican seamen, is, m mv judgment, imperatively demanded,
and ought not to be delayed.
Jf this, howevei, cannot be accomplished, then the pro-
vision of the act of 1817 should be extended so as to au-
thonze the remission of the tonnage duty in ca->es when
pioper proof is produced that the failure to have the re-
quired proportion ot American seamen duung (ho. whole
voyage results from the discharge of the whole oi a poinon
of "the crew by mutual consent, tindei the authonty of the
act of 1840, before cited. * * " * *
Very respectfully yours, DANIEL DRAPER.
Hon. Linus B. Comins, Washington, D. C.
Mr. Chairman, if this bill docs not pass, in-
stead of a simple, compact, and intelligible code,
with such provisions of existing systems as are
applicable to, and such additions as the interest
of the most extensive and diversified commerce
of the world demands, the merchant, the ship-
master, the attorney, the officer** of the customs,
and above all the Secretary of the Treasury,
whose duty it'is to supervise the whole, must de-
pend for their guidance upon complex acts and
confused and cumulative laws, until, finally, all
are mvohed in litigation, to be settled only by the
legal experience and the acumen of the tribuual.
Upon a careful examination, and more espe-
cially from the confidence which I place in cham-
bers of commerce, boards of trade, and commer-
cial men, who have examined it; and from convic-
tions produced by an extensive correspondence
with those whose interests are affected by it, i am
constrained not only to give my assent to this bill
with proper amendments, but to urge its pas&age
upon the House.
The great difficulty has been to harmonize con-
fiicting^nterests. I believe this has been done, as
much as is possible, by this bill. All revenue
laws, all navigation laws, I might, perhaps, say
all laws, from their necessity, are in conflict with
some individual interest. Italways has been .so,
and always will be. There is, from the nature
of things, antagonism between the law and the
interest which it restrains or governs. Tho*>e
laws are most acceptable which ate most in har-
mony with the genetal interest of the whole. It
is to this end the Committee on Commerce have
aimed in reporting this bill.
I rest my support cf this measure upon broad
and national grounds. Whatever benefits the
navigation interests of the country benefits all
other interests. Upon thi.-s principle, when per-
fected, I shall vote for this bill; and upon this
principle I would vote for any measure, whether
it be a revenue collectio® bill, a navigation bill,
or a tariff bill, the ultimate effect of which would
be to encourage, sustain, and develop the great
industrial interests of the country.
Mr. GIDDTNGS. I wish to give notice that at
the proper time I shall offer the following amend-
ment:
After the word "same" m line eight, section fifty-seven,
pace 52, insert the following:
And the eighth, ninth and tenth sections of the act. enti-
tled, "An net to p ohibit the importation of slaves into any
port or place within the lunsdiction oi the United States,
fiom and attei the 1st day of January,
Mr, JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. X submit that it is not in order now, at
this stage of the debate, to propose an amendment
to any part of the hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman only gives
notice that at the proper time he will offer the
amendment. , .
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I was Mis-
taken.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will ask the Clerk to read
the ninth section, which will give the committee
a proper view of the question which X wish to
bring to the attention of every member, for 1 wish
a direct vote upon it.
The Clerk read the' section, as follows:
"Sec. 9. -And be it further enacted, That the captain,
master, or commander of any ship or vessel of the burden
of forty tons or more, from and atter the 1st day of Jan-
uaiy, 1803, sailing coastwise, from any port in the United
States, to any port or place within the jurisdiction of the
same, having on board any negro, muiiftto, or person of
color, for the puipo>e of transporting them to be sold or
disipOfccd ot as tlavo*, or to bo hold Jo service or labor, shall,
previous to the departure of such ship or vessel, make out
and subscribe duplicate manifest* of every such negro, mu-
latto, or peiM>not color, on board such ship or vessel, therein
specifying the name and sex of each puts on, their age stnfl
stature, as near as may be, and the cln«-s to which they re-
spectively belong, whether negro, mulatto, or person of
color, with the name and place of 1 evidence of every owner
or shipper of the same, and shall deliver such manifests'to
the collector of the port, if there be one, otherwise to the
suiveyor, before whom the captain, master, or commander,
together wiih the owner or shipper, shall severally swear
or affirm to the best of their knowledge and belief, that the
persons therein specified were not imported orbroyghtinto
the United States fiom and after the 1st day of January,
1808, and that, under the laws of the State, they are held
to scivice or labor; wheienpon the said collector or sur-
veyor shall certify the same on the said manifests, one of
winch ho shall return to the said captain, master, or com-
mands, vvnh a permit, specifying thereon the number,
naiiu's, and general de-cription of such peisons.and au-
thoi i/.ing him ro proceed to the port of his destination. And
if anvship or vessel, being laden and destined as aforesaid,
shall depart fiom (he port" where she may then be,-without
the captain, inaj-u r, oi commander having fust made out
and sub-cubed duplicate manifest5?, of everv negro, mulat-
to. and person ol color, on board Mich ship orves«elwas
afos ei- aid, and wuhoutGavin® previously delivered the same
to the said collector oi riuive\or, and obtained a perrfiit, in
m.uinei as heiem lequued, or shall, pievious to her antval
at the port of her destination, take on board any negro,
mulatto, o> p<T-on of color, othri than thoa. i specified in
the mauiie«ts, as aloiesaul, evoiy<*uch ship oi vessel, to-
gether with her tackle, appaiel, and luiiiituie, bhall be for-
tcited to the use of I he United States."
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, we are as-
sured that this bill contains a general codification
of our revenue laws. The amendment which I
propose to briiiii to the consideiation of the House
is to free the Federal Government from this traffic
in human flesh*, to say our flag shall not be prosti-
tuted for the purpose of protecting cargoes of hu-
,man llesh—cargoes of men, women, and children
—on the high seas. It is a question whether
northern men, whether Republicans are willing
to involve themselves m the guilt of what we, as
a nation, have denounced t\spiracy: or whether we
will wash our hands of that crime? And here,
sir, I mean nothing1 offensive to our southern
friends. I speak of the slave-trade as I view it.
They regard it diilercn tly-. It is a question between
them and the people whom they represent. The
law prohibiting the African slave trade has de-
nounced the traffic on the African coast as piracy;
but does any man suppose that the cnmc consists
in the longitude in which it is committed r No,
sir; it is simply the dealing in human llesh; the
trafficking in the image of God that the Christian
world has long denounced. Aie we,as a nation,
willing, at this uoontide of the nineteenth century,
that the civilized nations of the earth should un-
derstand that the Congress ot the United States,
sustain and uphold this tialKc in immortal souls?
And, sir, it is a question winch I would impress
upon every man, whether Republican or Dem-
ocrat. I would ask our Democratic friends to
come up to this work, not as Democrats, but as
men, as Christian statesmen. I would ask our
southern friends—for many of them, I know,
look upon this traffic with all the abhonence with
which northern men regard it—will you now, to
preserve your own institutions, to yourselves and
your States, release us from all participation m
this iniquity? If is a question which comes home
to you. We db not ask you to surrender any
rights of your States in the proposition which I
have made. We do not even ask you to stop deal-
ins; m slaves. We do not seek to control you or
to'mterfere with you. But we protest against
your holding us responsible for the iniquity and
crime of the domestic slave trade.
