1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
To tho committee's "fourth " and "fifth" inquiries, if
the unexpended balances of appropriations for the repairs
of custom-houses and marine hospitals can be applied to
the service for the next fiscal year, (I860,) I have to say
that they will be so" applicable, if they are not earlier ex-
hausted. A period of six months stiU remains, for which
they were appropriated, and dating that time casualties
may occur winch will require their use. But in view of these
unexhausted appropriations, and the possibility of their use
not becoming a necessity, the amounts asked for, for the
present and coming fiscal year, have been less than those
heretofore annually asked for *, $25,000 has usually been
estimated for each service, but the present estimate for
each is but $15,000.
In regard to the appropriations forthese purposes, I have
to report that no exact data exists by which the annual cost
of repairs upon public bmldmgscan be computed. The cost
is larger or smaller, as different contingencies arise ; and
sometimes damages of such a nature occur, by storms, fires,
or other casualties, that serious injury and hmdiance to the
public aerviee would result, if the Department wafc forced
to waitaspecial appropriation before repairs could be made.
But you aie aware that none other than necessary expend-
itures are made. The authority to expend does not neces-
sarily involve expenditure, ns is evinced by the unexpended
balances of former appropriations. Although these balances
may seem to be, and may prove to be, sufficient lor what
may arise during the next fiscal year, j et I should not deem
it prudent to risk that period without amhouty to use more,
if a necessity for it should occur.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, A. H. BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge, Treasury Department,
To Hon. ITowell Cobb, Secretary ojthe Treasury.
P. S. In reply to the committee's inquiry as to the oo<U of
completing the custom-houses at New Orleans and Chailcb-
ton, I have to say that, at New Orleans, the local superin-
tendent's computation (made two yean- bince) would "how
that the sum now required for completion is /jj.1,45 i,03-1, and
the now unexpended balance of former appropriations is
*$475,271 02; making the amount to be heieufter appropri-
ated something Ices than one million dollar*.
For Charleston, it is impossible to compute, with an ap-
proach to accuracy, until some undetermined matters of
construction are deposed of; and even then, a compnta
tion requiring a calculation for evrry '■•tone in tho building
would be required, which would occupy a computer for a
lone period. Under such cncuuistances, I c.in only make
an approximate conjecture; and, judging Irom  ts= cost *o
far, i am of the opinion that the cost of its entire comple-
tion will be found to he between one ami one and a half
million dollars, including the present unexpended balance
of {^>66,237 97. A. H. B.
Mr. GarnettS amendment was rejected.
Mr. COYODE. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to five dollars. I do this for the purpose
of getting some information connected with this
subject. It appears that the original bids were
$243,556 for the delivery of all the granite for tho
building. It also appears, from a statement which
I have before hie, tliai during the past year there
have been delivered over eight thousand tons of
granite, at a cost of #403,230. It appears from
that, that more has been paid for granite during
the past year than the total amount of the ac-
cepted bids, and that out of an appropriation of
$500,000 made at the last session of Congress.
Now, according to the statement in this leport,
it would appear that there is more money now in
hand, unexpended, than can be properly expended
during the next year. *
Mr. GARNEl'T. It appears, from the report
of Captain Bowman, which has just been road,
that there is, at this moment, $3tfi,000 unex-
pended.
Mr. COVODE. I will say further, that an
effort was made weeks ago, at the other end of
the Capitol, to procure a detailed statement of the
expenditures on this building; but up to tins
time they have never received any information on
tho subject. There issome mystery wrapped up
in this transaction, and until it is satisfactorily
explained, I would not vote a single dollar to con-
tinue the woik on these buildings.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am in favor of the amount
contained m the bill and opposed to the amend-
ment of my colleague. If my colleague had lis-
tened to the reading of that report, lie would have
found that Captain Bowman says that there are
$331,090 of the appropriation made last year, yet
remaining unexpended, and that it will require
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars, or more,
to put the building in a proper state of pieserva-
tion and to protect it from injury. It js not econ-
omy to suddenly suspend operations upon any of
the public works of the Government im this city.
The men, experienced m building aie here; the
machinery has been prepared at much cost to fa-
cilitate the work and hurry it on. The works
decay; the unfinished walls ciuinble; the ma-
chinery lusts and disappears; and, when work
* Smc reduced to ;§0-23,85o 01.
is resumed, it will cost, to prepare for doing it,
just twice as much as gentlemen are foolishly and
vainly impressed with the idea that they are sav-
ing to the Treasury. It is literally, as the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Miles] just re-
marked, penny wise and pound foolish. Outupon
such economy and such injustice.
Now, that is the reason why I desire that this
appropriation shall be made. You have directed
that these buildings shall be erected in this city,
and hundreds of working men and mechanics have
come here for the purpose of being employed upon
these buildings. Those workingmen need some
consideration at the hands of this House, and so
long as I am here, I will raise my voice in their
favor. God knows they need some advocate, and
feeble though the effort be, I will make it. They
have come here in good faith, believing that as con-
sistent legislators, you would continue them in
employment until the buildings in course of con-
struction should be fully completed. It is your
duty to keep faith with these operatives.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to ask my friend
from Pennsylvania whether, when these build-
ings are completed, he cxpects that the Govern-
ment will still continue to support them?
Mr. FLORENCE. tl Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." When these works are com-
pleted, or arc approaching completion, these men
will arrange their matters so as to obtain employ-
ment elsewhere. But, so far as I can influence
it, they will not go away when the public build-
ings, now in process of construction, shall have
been completed. I would go on beautifying and
embellishing the public grounds, and erecting
commodious public buildings, until you should
| have made this city worthy of this great nation;
making this Capitol, this metropolis of the na-
tion, the object of real attraction and pride to our
own citizens, and to visitors from all places on
the globe. I tell you, sir, we owe these people
something. They are the men who have given
you places here, and to whom you appeal at elec-
tion time; and yet they are the men whose friends
are charged with corruption when efforts are
made to get them employment.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman does
not speak for gentlemen on this side of the House,
when he says they appeal to Government em-
ployes for their places here.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir. Gentlemen on
that side of the House, and on this side of the
House are dependent on the working men for
their elections. I was particularly and peculiarly
struck this morning, when the coast survey ap-
propriations were under consideration, that that
magnificent work could find a hundred champions
on this floor, while these very men are ready to
strike down the working men. I am for continu-
ing the coast survey, and will vote the appropri-
ation. But i am equally anxious the appropria-
tion for the Treasury extension may be made.
We owe it to these people; and 1 expect it will
be agreed to.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment.
Mr. RIJFFIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Peyton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 07, noes 55.
the amendment was agreed to.
The Cler'c read, as follows:
"For continuing tiic work on the custom-houso at
Charleston, £outU Carolina, $000,000."
j Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike that out.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have no idea now, nor do I
i; suppose any man has, from the report made in
regaid to this Charleston custom-house building,
■! what it will cost when it will be completed, or on
■ i what plan the building itself will be completed.
!: One million nine hundred and three thousand dol-
] lais have already been expended upon it. How
i; much more it will take is not stated in this recom-
i mendauon from the Treasury Department. It
ji seems to me to be a little extraordinary that
a house for which the first appropriation was
'' made in 1849—ten years ago—should have been
ji in yeaily piogiess from that time to this without
[j anybody having any definite ideaof the plan upon
l! which it is to be completed—not even the gentle-
man who has charge of the building in the Treas-
ury Department; and we are asked to appropri-
ate, year after year, for a plan thus indefinite,
and when nobody has the most indistinct idea of
when the end is to come. Is this thing never to
stop? Are we to go on in flush times in the
Treasury, and then, when the Treasury comes
to be empty, are we to continue to tax the people
to keep this system up? I should like to hear
from my friend from Charleston.
Mr. Chairman, according to this report, they
cut last year, at this building, six hundred and
fifty-seven pieces of marble, and they were only
able to set in place one hundred and forty of
them. I see, at the same time, that they cut one
thousand four hundred and fifty-five pieces of
other stone, and that they set one thousand three
hundred and five of them, which were all deliv-
eries of years previous to the last one.
They say that " the interior walls have been
carried up level with the exterior walls, and it is
to be hoped that nearly all the exterior marble
work will be completed during the coming year."
Now, if the exterior marble work is to be com-
pleted duiing this year, how is it that they can-
not tell what it will cost to finish it? Can any-
body tell mo that? If the roof only remains to
be put on, why cannot an estimate be sent to us
for its completion? Let us know how the inte-
rior finish is to be done, and when the exterior
walls will all be built. I think that it is time to
stop this matter, when #1,903,000 is spent upon a
custom-house. It seems to me to be a waste of
the public money without parallel in the history
of this country; and the sooner it is stopped the
better for the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILES. I desire to say, Mr. Chairman,
to the gentleman from Virginia, to this side, and,
indeed, to the whole of the committee, that I be-
lieve the buildingofthis marble palaceatCharles-
ton, at such enormous expenditure, was one of
the most absurd and preposterous undertakings
that has ever happened within my recollection.
Mr. LETCHER. What will it cost to finish
it?
Mr. MILES. But, when you have expended
$1,903,000 on a structure really necessary, how-
ever costly, (for a custom-house we do stand in
need of,) and nothing remains but to roof it in,
and to erect the dome, of which so much has been
said, when you can finish it at a small additional
cost, are you going to abandon it to ruin ? Is not
such a course absurd upon the face of it? Here
we have expended some two million dollars, and
yet the gentleman from Virginia, a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, gets up and
gravely proposes that we shall abandon the build-
ing altogether.
The gentleman asks me how much it will take
to complete it. I cannot answer that question;
because I am informed by Captain Bowman that
the total cost will depend upon the dome, the plan
or scale of expenditure for which has not been
agreed upon. That, however, can readily be de-
termined. A dome can, no doubt, be economi-
cally or extravagantly constructed. But, to leave
this work now, without an appropriation, and
expose it to the summer climate in our part of the
world, will entail very serious loss, and largely
increased expenditure in the end. I hold m my
hand a letter from Captain Bowman, addressed to
myself, in which exact information isgiven, show-
ing the reasons why it is true economy to go on
at once with this work. If it be now suspended,
the result will be an ultimate increased cost for
finishing it.
Having said this much, I leave it to every
member of the committee to vote for or against
the appropriation, according to his judgment and
his conscience. I have been twitted, time and
again, upon this floor, by honorable gentlemen,
some of them my dearest and best political friends,
that I voted for this thing or that thing, because
I am " thinking of the Charleston custom-house l"
Sir, I repudiate such a motive. I scorn and repel
any such intimation, whether half-jestingly or
half-earnestly made. I have no soit of interest
in u keeping up patronage," or procuring votes
among the employes engaged in the construction
of this work. I have no " shoulder-hitters" or
" bailot-box-stuflfers" there. I do not know the
names or faces of the workmen. 1 have no earthly
intprest in it, further than as a Representative of
