1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I prefer to reply to
the remarks of ray venerable friend now, because
I do not want them to go unanswered to the peo-
ple of Ohio. He has endeavored to place his col-
leagues here in the position of sustaining the
slave trade; when he knows, *s well as any man
in this House, that the Democratic party, North
and South, have, by their solemn action in the
last Congress, voted that it was inexpedient and
unjust to reopen the slave trade; and when ho
knows that the great body of the people, North
and South, is opposed to that trade. ' And, sir,
when he tenders that issue to the Democratic
party in Ohio, or elsewhere, he tenders an issue
that cannot be made up before the country. The
gentleman knows full well the legislation on the
subject; and, so far as I know, we have laws
stringent enough at present against the slave trade;
for they make it piracy.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have referred to the coast-
wise trade.
Mr. COX. The gentleman undertook to place
the Democratic party in a false position. He un-
dertook to convey the idea in his speech that the
party to which I belong was a pro-slavery party,
when he knows, sir, better than any other man,
that that party is neither a pro-slavery party nol-
an anti-slavery party; that it has always planted
itself upon the doctrine that Congress should not
interfere in relation to that subject, either to es-
tablish or to prohibit it; and that by no congres-
sional contrivance should it compel territorial or
State Legislatures, in any way to establish, pro-
hibit, regulate, or interfere with, the institution of
slavery. It leaves that subject to the people to
deal with as they m^y think proper; to deal with
it by the popular ballot, by the voice of the ma-
jority, which is the largest reach of popular and
personal liberty.
I know the theory of the gentleman. It is
based on an equality which he finds in the Dec-
laration of Independence. He misinterprets that
declaration aa he misinterprets the Democratic
policy; for I say that the highest refinement of
personal liberty is that which is called popular
liberty. It includes all other liberties. The ri^ht
to cast a ballot m respect to local affairs is the
sacred emblem and instrument of true lepublican-
ism. That little quiet right, which every man
cxercises when he drops Ins ballot, as the snow
flake, may seem noihing in and of itself, but it
becomes, by combination, the voice of a great
people. It becomes an avalanche of power, Which
makes our constitutions, which protects properly,
conscience, reputation, life, and peisonal hbeity.
Popular liberty is the doctrine of the Democratic
party; and the gentleman cannot lay down any
doctrine which would subordinate the rights of ■
popular liberty to his philanthropic ideas in re-
gard to personal liberty.
Mr. Chairman, allow me simply to say this
here: the gentleman has seen proper to say that
he was spoken of as a candidate for the governor-
ship of our State. 1 am sure I mean 110 disrespect
to him when I say, that I hope he may be nom-
inated, and that his friends will have the courage
to stand 011 his doctrines as he enunciated them ,
1 know that during the last canvass in Ohio a large '
segment of the Republican party, in my part of
the State, held, with the distinguished ex-Gov-
ernor Corwin, to the idea, that the Philadelphia ,
platform did allow the admission of slave States. :
Yes; and they quoted the vote of the honorable
gentleman himself 011 the Crittenden-Montgomery '
bill to sanction the doctrine. [Laughter.] Nov/,
my friend, who is a sort of Jove on the Uepub- I
lican Olympus, hulled two epistolary thunder- '
bolts ag.-unst Governor Corwin, but never got a
response from him. Let the gentleman come
to Central Ohio, and we will give him a hearing
and a warm welcome. Let him come there with
his theories on personal liberty, and we will give
him time to ponder on the philosophy of old
Aristides, who said that I10 yielded to the popu-
lar will in every regard, even when it drove him
into exile. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not detain the House
further. The gentleman planted himself, in bis
speech the other day, on the idea of negro equal-
ity with the white man. True, he did not come
up to it exactly m his printed speech, but he did
so on the floor. I notice, that in his printed
speech lie. has interpolated the idea that he was
not willing quite that the African should vote in
| our elections. Now, let him come up manfully
| and carry out his own ideas of equality. We will
meet him on that,as we will meet him at all times
in regard to all his ideas.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman has totally
misunderstood me.
Mr. COX. Is the gentleman in favor of allow-
ing the negroes of Ohio to vote ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have expressed no opin-
ion on that subject.. [Laughter.] But if the negro
have equal intelligence and morality and virtue, I
would'give him all the rights that I would give
to my friend. I judge men by their virtue and
intelligence, and not by their complexion.
Mr. COX. Is my colleague willing to give to
Africans in our State the right to vote"?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am willing to give that
right to all men of equal knowledge, morality,
and virtue.
Mr. COX. Will the gentl eman come out and
answer my question categorically?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will. I soy that so far as
the negroes equal the members of the Democratic
party, in knowledge, morality, and virtue, I will
give them leave to vote. %
Mr. COX. I have heard the gentleman state
this insult before in one of his letters; but why
does he not come up to his general position and
say whether he is or is not in favor of African
equality and negro suffrage in Ohio?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I repeat what I have just
stated; 1 put the negroes and the Democrats on
the same footing;.
Mr. COX. Answer the question, sir. The gen-
tleman talked about my hiding under the bush.
Let hnii come out, if he dare, from his covert!
[Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say that I do not interfere
in this question as to superiority between the
Democrats and the negroes.
Mr. COX. He talks of his Democratic col-
leagues skulking under the bush, lie himself
now shirks, lie dare not answer my question. :
I will not press the gentleman further. My !
respect,for him will not allow me to puthim to i
the torture further. He never could get the nomi- ;
nation for the governorship if he had answered
my question categorically; and I am anxious he
should be nominated. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. So far as the Democratic
party is concerned, I repeat that I judge the Af-
ricans by their intelligence and virtue. I do not
enter into the quarrel between them with the Re-
publicans. I do not mran to put them on an i
equality with the Republicans. j
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not answer my 1
question. J therefore will not press him further, j
All that I wished was to put the Democratic !
party right in regard to this matter of slavery; ■
and they are right on it. The gentleman may go '
on and get the nomination for the governorship, •
and make his alliance, if he can, in northern and '
southern Ohio, and we will meet him at Philippi. !
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman  |
Mr. HOUSTON. We have had enough of this ;
discussion, and I object to its proceedingany fur- :.
ther. I.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know from my j
colleague whether he is in favor of allowing the .J
people of a Territory, before they are organized, !!
to decide whether they will or will not have sla- '
very m it? ;
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to further debate. ■!
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio ;!
is not in order. The gentleman from Nt w York I;
[Mi. John Cochrane] is entitled to tho floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In min^ Mr. ;
Chairman, to speak to the merits of this bill, and ;
to review what has been said m the debate upon it, |
I do not propose to follow the example of those i'
who have departed from the issuh under consider-
ation. I had no idea, when proposing to the con- >j
sideration of the committee the bill before it, that !
we were to embark on a sea either of abolition-
ism, or of slavery discussion. I had no idea that
a simple question of the codification of commer-
cial laws was to launch us on that vast ocean of
discussion which has agitated thisTTnion for these
many years, or was to convulse us with laugh-
ter, or depress us with dismay.
I shall be permitted, I hope, sir, to proceed in
order to close the debate upon the subject proper,
and which is catholic to the interests of this coun-
try in their whole connection.
| Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire^to ask the geh1*
tleman from New York whether this bill affects
, the tariff directly or indirectly ?
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer catf-gbri-
! cally, that it does not. The bill has special ref~
! erence to those van interests which constitute and
l cement the mutual obligations, not only of this
; people, but of all other people. It is a bill having
I reference alone to the laws which it purports to
i codify and amend—the laws regulating the details
I of those commercial transactions connected with
■ foreign3 imports and domestic exports.
j Mr. MORSE, of Maine. Before the gentleman
I from New York proceeds with his general re-
' marks, in closing this debate, I wish to say that his
resolution, putting a stop to debate, got through
the House without my notice, although I thought
I was attentive, as I generally am, to theybusiness
of the House. We have had three long speeches in
favor of this bill, and only the comments of one
gentleman against it. I desire before'the debate
is finally closed, and we are brought to -a vote
upon it, inasmuch as my.constituents have very
important interests involved in it, to submit a
few observations upon the bili. It proposes some
six radical amendments of existing law; it is not
a bill merely for codification. And! was in hopes
that the gentleman would not press it to a vote
until those, of us who desired to express our
views in regard to it luul had an oppoitunity of
doing so. If he presses it to a vote now, I shall
be compelled to vote against it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It has not been my
purpose to press for action upon this bill until
those gentlemen who desired to speak upon it had
had an opportunity of expressing their views. It
has been my purpose, on the contrary, that those
who entertained opinions against the bill, either
as a whole or in its special parts, should have
ample means and opportunity of expressing those
opinions. I supposed that there were no more
speeches desired either to be heard or made, and
1 believe so still. And with every consideration
for the gentleman from Maine, I would say that
although the genera! debate is now closed, yet
when we come to vote upon amendments, there
: will be ample opportunity for him to express what-
! ever views he may entertain.
j Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I would ask the gen-
i tleman how long a member can speak upou an
1 amendment'
| Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Five minutes,
j Mr. MORSE, of Maine. The gentleman him-
self occupies two hours—an hour in opening, and
■ an hour m closing the debate—and generously
! grants us five minutes ! *
! Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think it is the
I temper of the committee that this debate should
j be brought to a close, and in obedience to its man-
, ifestation, which I thought I perceived, I offered
: the resolution to close debate. I heard noobjec-
; turn to it at the time. Had 1 heard any, certainly
! courtesy would have demanded that I should have
; yielded to it, and have expanded the time allowed
! to any reasonable limit that could have been de~*
; sired. I may add, and I hope without offense, that
; we evidently had arrived at a period when the
committee had departed by unanimous consent
| from the consideration of the merits of the bill,
! and had embarked on a voyage to the undiscov-
ered,and I may say theundiscoveiable land where
slavery and abolition on the same soil thrive; and
I I think it was indeed high time that the deba^3
! should be closed. Indeed, sir, ample evidence is
: there to my mind that all debate upon the merits
; of the question had been exhausted. 1 cannot,
however, but regret that the close of the debate
has denied, however inadvertently, to the House,
1 the benefit of the intended remarks of the gentle-
man from Maine.
I I propose now, sir, to detain the committee but
j a brief period, with as concise an exposition of
' my views regarding the debate which has been
, had upon this bill as it is possible for to pre-
; sent. There can be no question that this is a
grave and important subject. There is not a gen.-
I tleman here who can lay his hand upon his heart
j and declare that this is not the most important of
j all the subjects that can be presented to the con-
! sideration of an American Congress. 1 challenge
gentlemen to a denial of the fact. I intreat them
j to a full apprehension and ju&t consideration of
j the proposition which I announce. Is this not an
I important subject? Is there any more important
