898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
subject? The debate which has occupied the atten-
tion of the committee to-day, wandex-ing in de-
parture, as it has, from tho merits of the bill, sinks
into utter insignificance beside it. Why, talk,
sir, of the merits of an institution at the South,
or of the opposition of abolitionism to that insti-
tution at the North? These are elements of dis-
traction to the Union. Commerce is the alone
element of its cement. Deprive this people of
their commerce, and of its combining influences,
and in ninety days from the hour of the irregular
debate which has preceded me, you will produce
a dissoluti6n of this Union, and a scattering1 of
these States which compose it into their original
fragmentary elements. Sir, what is it that con-
stitutes a people? What composes and adjusts
its institutions ? What elevates a nation above all
its fellows, and gives it a preponderating influence
in the counsels, and control in the affairs of the
world ? What, I ask, if it be not their commerce,
theirconsequent wealth, and the multitude of their
richly-laden argosies, the potential magnitude of
their navies? If this be so, is that a diminutive
or insignificant subject, I ask, which proposes
laws to that commerce, to regulate it in all its
ramifications, to the full fruition of its catholic
influences, and without which laws, and without
which regulations, even commerce must fall to
decay, and the nation itself be shorn of its power
and glory?
It is, sir, upon this principle thq^t I press this
question upon the consideration of the committee
to-day. When gentlemen tell me that the time is
not sufficient to allow a consideration of this
code, I answer them with tho question, where are
the hours which have glided away since tho. con-
vening of the first session of this Congress5
Where are the days which have elapsed since
the report made of this bill and its location upon
the desks of membeis? Gentlemen require now
that more time shall be gnen. Time—for the
comprehension of what? The comprehension of
laws that have existed since 1785. The compre-
hension, of innovations upon those laws? Oh,
no ! sir; but simply of the repeal of such of those
laws as are become useless, and of features in this
bill necessary to supply defects in the original
laws, created because of the implied repeal of those
I have referred to.
It has been announced by my honorable friend
from JNew York, [Mr. Clark,] to whose speech
I listened with pleasure and attention, that if this
code (as it has been baptized) had been presented
to the considetation of tho House, sanctioned by
the authority of a commission, it might have been
received upon the faith of that commission. Kv-
idently this opinion refers to the mami'estimpos-
sibility that every member of this House should
examine it; or, if perchance examining it, that he
should fully understand a subject which m many
of its parts descends into professional technicali-
ties and special phraseology. Let me for one mo-
ment apply myself to this judicious remark of my
honorable friend from New York. 1 grant you !
4hat the woik of a commission appointed by this j
House should l)o received with greatrespect, nay, j
bowed to with that entire deference that it should >
be received, acted upon, arid passed. j
Now what is the position of this bill here to- |
day? Why, sir, in 1853, the question was pro- 1
pounded to the then Secretary of tho Treasury, !
Mr. Guthrie, " Shall the existing revenue laws be 1
raised; and if so, what provisions will you pro- j
pose?" In 1854, the question thus propounded |
was answered in the affirmative by that able ofli- j
cer; and a collection of laws which he had made ,
was deposited upon the desks of honorable gen- j
tlemen. Since that time, and up to 1858, have j
gentlemen of various employments been cngnged j
upon that collection of laws—experts, collectors j
of the customs, naval officers, suiveyors, district ]
attorneys of the United States, two Secretaries of '
the Treasury, and two of the Committees on Com- j
merce of the House; and here is now presented j
their united work before this committee—the re- ;
sultof their joint labors; and now, of a necessity,
you have that painfully prepared work under con- j
sideration. If you were to propound anew the i
question,il Shall there be a commission ?" and to
offer a limit to the time during which itshould sit,
no gentleman would propose as great a number
of individuals of greater acquirements, or more
profound attainments, than possessed by those 1
have named; and certainly no gentleman could
ask that a longer period than five years should be
given for the work of codification. Here, then, we
stand at this moment of time; in effect, brought
broadly within the proposition executed of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Clark,] thatacom-
mission shall proceed, amply qualified and pro-
vided with full time to consider, and with an
auspicious opportunity to place the result of their
deliberations before the House for its judgment.
I do not mean to say that this bill is, in all its
parts, unobjectionable. Had the work of collec-
tion and codification been confided to me, I, per-
haps, in the exercise of an individual judgment,
would have produced quite a different result.
Though, in some of its parts, it may be offensive,
and that not greatly offensive, to the views of.
some individuals, yet, as I stated before,^ a
whole, it has received the approbation of all in-
terests, and of all gentlemen qualified to judge,
and authorized, either by qualification or position,
to pronounce judgment in the case. Ihe criti-
cisms which were bestowed upon many parts of
this bill by my colleague from New York, [Mr.
Clark,] were in some respects just, and had my
sanction, not only at tl^e time they were addressed
to the House, but had previously commanded my
favorable attention. I speak now more particu-
larly of that part of the bill which has been pro-
nounced the apprentice system—a system for
which, under ordinary circumstances, I would
cast my vote; but which yet, in many of its fea-
tures, is perhaps imperfect and ineffective.
The causes proclaiming the want of such a sys-
tem must be obvious to all. It has been stated
that it is requisite to our Navy that there should
he a nursery for seamen. Many views have been
entertained by different gentlemen upon this floor
regarding the constitution of that nursery, and its
management. Some rely upon our cod-fisheries,
some upon our coastwise trade, others again upon
our whale-fisheries. Yet the result proves that
neither nor all are competent to the attainment of
the object. The facts are, that, at the present
time, no statement in reference to the percentage
of American seamen in the American marine ser-
vice makes it more than ten per cent.; while the
probability is, that it does not exceed two per cent.
And if there ivs not in the merchant service agreater
proportion of American seamen than two out of
every one handled employed, I ask gentlemen
here what the result denotes ? It is, m my judg-
ment, significant of the fact that the nurseries re-
liedmpon for seamen for the American Navy are
totally inadequate to the accomplishment of the
objectt Then it is clear that such a nursery is still
requisite. How are you to produce or implant
such a nursery, if not by recourse to an apprentice
system—a system which shall draw from the teem-
ing population of our huge cities and towns that
multitude of youth running in not, at once the
architects and the victims of ruin?
It is suggested by my colleague that all this
should be "done at the public expense. What is
public, expense, if not the expense of those most
daeetly interested therein ? It is not the expense
of A, B, and C, possessed of no controlling inter-
est, and in nowise affected by tho means resorted
to, or by the object to be attained. In its true and
proper meaning m tins connection, the public ex-
pense is the expense of that class of men whose
interests alone are affected. I do not mean to con-
fine these remarks to ship-owners merely. It is a
more general and catholic view which, in this
sense, should be extended over the land. It should
in some degree affect the Treasury which is com-
posed of contributions by all. Yet the direct con-
trol of it should be lodged in those immediately
interested; otherwise the system, when adopted,
must fall into decay, and eventual ruin.
jOut while taking the position that an appren-
tice system is necessary, 1 also avow, in my place,
that such a system is not entirely germane to a
bill, the object of which is, as I have expresed it,
a collection of revenue laws; and I am unwilling
that opposing views upon such a question, not
necessarily pertinent to the laws which we have
under consideration, should m any degree be per-
mitted to affect the integrity of those laws, or to
dimmish the prospect of their passage. I there-
fore, at this present stage of my remarks, give no-
tice that, at the proper time, I shall moveto strike
out that section of the bill referring to, or in any
wise proposing, an apprentice system.
To another loraneh of the subject shall I now
direct myself. It is to that part criticised at large
by my colleague from New York, [Mr. Clark,]
and as 1 deem with great injustice, unwittingly,
no doubt, and with some degree of inaccuracy of
statement. To that inaccuracy I shallallude, and,
if satisfactorily demonstrating to my colleague his
error, he will doubtless correct it. It is in refer-
ence to what is found in the first section of chap-
ter ten, page 251, which is to this effect:
Begt enacted, c., That in lieu of the deduction pi escribed
by law fiom the wai?es of manneis, foi the pmpo^e of pio-
vidins* for sick and disabled seamen, and of certain fees now
imposed by law, there shall be levied and collected trom
cach steamship or other vessel, on the registry iheieofus pro-
vided by law, and on each renewal of &uch registiy, except
in case of a coasting registry, an hospital duty of ti.iee cents
per ton; but such duty shall nut be collected of such steam
ship or other vessel more than twice m each calendar
yeai; and there shall also be paid on each registered steam-
ship or other vessel of the United States, arriving in the Uni-
ted States from any foreign port or place, ait hospital duty
of three cents per ton; but such duty shall not be collected
of such registered steamship or other vessel more than twice
in any one calendar year: Provided, That the master or
owner of any steamship or othoi vessel engaged m the for-
eign or coastwise trade is hereby authorized to retain the
amount of such hospital dutv, for which such steamship or
other vessel i& liable, from the wages of each seaman em-
ployed on board thereof, in proportion to the time and wages
ot such seaman.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope that I may have
j the patient attention of the committee. In the first
place, I will say that it is not proposed to change
in any particular the principle or the policy of the
existing law. It is but proposed to increase the
hospital fund. I will now pioceed to show how
it is not proposed to alter or modify either the
principle or policy of the present law.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask my col-
league if he does not propose this: that the fund
which has been heretofore raised by deduction
from the wages of marineis shall henceforward
be raised by means of impositions upon tonnage ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANK. The answer to my
friend's question is this: the assumptions of his
premises are not justified by the law as it stands.
As the law is, the exaction is not primarily from
the sailor, but upon the slup-mastcr or owner.
The law is to this effect:
" That fiom and after the 1st day of September next, the
master or ownerof eveiy ?hip or vessel of the United States,
ai riving from a foreign port into any port. o( the United
fckntes. hliall, before such ship or vessel shall be admitted to
etitiy, lender to the collector a true account of the number
ot seamen that shall have been employed on board such
vessel fcitiee she was last entered at any poit of the United
States, and shall p iv to the said collector at the iaie of
twepty cents per month, for every seaman so employed,
which sum he m hereby autiioiized to retain out ot the
wages ot' fcuch seamen."
So, then, if this language spcalcs plainly, the
conclusion is inevitable that tho master or owner
is primarily liable for the twenty cents per month,
and the payment which is the condition prece-
dent for the entry of his vessel—the payment, bv
the master or owner, of twenty cents per month
for cach seaman employed. If he does not pay
it, the vessel cannot be entered; and, without
entry, where is the use of either tonnage or ship-
ping to ship-owner or master? So, then, sir, it
appears that my proposition is true, unalterably
true. Now, when this bill is compared with tho old
law, where, I ask, is the change? Is it wherein
it imposes a hospital rate upon tonnage? Who
represents the tonnage ? It is the ship-owner.
He is liable; and he it is who also is liable under
the present law. At what rate under the present
law? At the rate of twenty cents per month for
each seaman employed by him. At what rate
under this bill? At the rate of three cents per
ton. Where, then, is the difference between the
ship-owner or master being liable at the rate of
twenty cents per month for each seaman in his
employ, and the ship-master or owner being lia-
ble at the rate of three cents per ton for every
ton of his vessel ? None. Then the question, m
tins aspect, resolves itself to this simple consid-
eration: is there reason for increasing the fund?
is there reason for changing the rate ? I will pro-
ceed briefly to answer these questions according
to the statistics which have been previously al-
luded to in the course of this debate.
It seems that in the fiscal year ending the 1st
of July, 1857, there was expended by the United
States, for the benefit of sick and disabled sea-
men, the sum of $343,934. There was collected
from the class (the sailors) who ought to have
contributed the same in its entirety, the sum of
$167,325; leaving to be paid by the people of the
United States, for the benefit of the sailors pri-
