1484
UBS CONMSgftWJAli GlLOSfi.
February 28,
dff the contractor for furnishing the stotie, this
$40,000, or a larger portion of it, will be gone. I
have not examined the report, and I do not care
^ery much about it, «<'ept that the facts shall be
correctly understood. A contract was entered into
originally, I believe, td put up the building for
$100,000; and that the man who contracted to
build it did not, perhaps, comply with the pro-
visions of thfe law. I say that I have riot exam-
ined this matter, nor hav£ I Advocated the appro-
priation for it. I understand the building is for
the accommodation of the business appertaining
to the custom-house and the courts, and, alto-
gfeth'er, is to Cost something like One hundred and
eighty thousand dollars, including the lot, which
is worth perhaps forty ar fifty thousand dollars.
I am of opinion that they have not constructed
this building as economically as they ought to
have done; but it is nottr in a state of progress near
to completion, and eVery consideration of econ-
omy requires that it should be completed, which,
as I Have stated,'they expect to do, with this ap-
propriation, before the close of the nextfisral year.
Perhaps, if the work had been performed by con-
tract, it Would have been done more economically;
bht the coritracttfr failed to perform bis contract,
and it is now being done directly by the Govern-
ment. I have not examined the matter very par-
ticularly; but the impression made upon my mind
Was, that tlie men employed by the Government
upon this woi k were more zealous in securing my
own defeat than in getting ulonij with the build-
ing. How that may be, I do not know. I think
the ptihlic interest requires that the building be
completed within the next fiscal year; and I hope
the appropriation wilt be retained- in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation, in the clause proposed to be stricken
out, to $as),ooo.
Mr. Chairman, s(t the time (his matter was con-
^idfere'd in the Committee of Ways and Means, 1
Was confined to my roorti by sickness. My views
ufion the subject of these buildings are loo well
lirtown lo make it necessary for me to state how
1 shrtuld have voted if 1 had been there. 1 thtnk
there is no more necessity for this than for the
othef appropriations which we have stricken out;
rind 1 shall endeavor lo show it from the report of
Captain Bowman. He says, in Ins leport:
The foundation* wefcthen oiily cmmheneed; hut since
tlmt ditto, the ext<-jior walls have l vu carried nearly up to
the third-story floor; and before wiutei .sets in, it is hoped
the iron roof, winch already built, may ho put on, and ihe
building covered m. The tvoik was,toi'a turn;, delayed by
the exhaustion of the quniry fiom winch the a-liler was
takerr, and *omo time necessarily elapsed before other suit-
able stone could be found.5*
'I'ake that in connection with the remarks sub-
mitted by my friend over the way, and it seems
W me that this unexpended balance of $43,000
ought to be sufficient, if the roof is on before the
winter sots in, to plare this house in such a con-
dition as to finish it for future use. But, sir, this
contractor failed, and after he failed, they allowed
him to assign hU contract to another person.
Mr HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. L&TCUER. Well, the contractor failed,
and then the Government undertook to execute
the work upon its own hook. If you wdi turn
to table number nine, you will see that the lot
upon which this House is builtcost $26,000, The
contract was made in 1855. The building was to
be completed on the 1st of January, 1858. The
contract price was $60,100, thus making the cost
of the lot and the Contract prico for the building
$106,100. After that time a proposition was in-
troduced here to enlarge this building. The pre-
cise condition which was made 1 do not now re-
collect.
Mr. HOWARD. For $30,000.
Mr. LETCHER. That was $136,100, taking
the enlargement with the contract price, and the
price of the lot, and putting them altogether. But
the appropriations have run up to $153,800, or
$32y700 more than the amount which this table
says was the price of the lot and the price of
the building under the contract. It seems to me
that there is a time to stop all these things; and
if we do not undertake to stop it where it is in
charge of the Department, and the work is prose-
cuted by day's work or any way these- parties
choose to indicate, there is no teJIingwhat will be
the plan of any building projected, what will be
the cost when completed, or what wiii be the num-
ber of contractors and employed that- may be re-
tained in Executing the job itself. I think, in dll
these cases where an appropriation is made, the
building aught to be put up by contractus you
would put a house up for your own use. Why
cannot the Government, do this ? What is the dif-
ficulty ? Canrlot they get responsible then to un-
dertake these things—inert -&ho will execute their
contracts ? If they cannot, why do not they coril-
pel these men to give security, 3d that if the con-
tractors fail, the Government will have some means
of protection against the failure ? I do not think
that there can be any trouble about it. I think
that where the Government undertakes to execute
work for itself* With overseers and superintendents
to manage it, to employ this labor and to disburse
this fund, it costs more money than any prudent
man would spend in executing the sarrfe Work for
himself individually.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. Mi-. Chairman, as to thd
roof being put on before the Setting in of tfinter,
I will say that I was at hdme on the 1st of Jan-
uary, ahd that the roof watf not oft then. The
dutside walls were about tte'irig finished. I sup-
pose the real facts are, thatalthough the iron roof
is prepared, it has probably not been paid for,
and will exhaust a portion Of this $40,000.
As to the contract, I under&tririd that they never
completed ri cdntract after the' enlargement was
ordered. There' was sL man signed the original
contract for building it in the original way.
Afterwards the plan was enlarged, and an addi-
tional! appropriation of $40,000 was made. Since
th&t time there has been no contract, and they
have been building it by day's work. They have
a competent superintendent, an honest, upright
man, who is employed to take charge of it. I
understand, incidentally, that they pay him eight
dollurs a day. The Government claims to hold
the contractor responsible for all damages; and I
understand the contractor claims that the Govern-
ment afe indebted to him for damages for not giv-
ing him the cdfitract according to the bargain.
How this may result, I do not know; but I have
reason tb believe that it will require this amotfnt
to complete the building. It ought to be com-
pleted, and there is no economy in delay.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
M r. PEYTON demanded tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to add:
For defraymg'tlie expense* ofan extraordinary session of
the Legislature of the Territory of Nebraska, $5,000.
Mr. BURNETT. Is that amendment in order ?
Is it germane ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is not in order, undcV the decision of the commit-
tee.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Hopkins occupying
the chair temporarily.) The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, under a decision of the
committee a short time since.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ROBBIN3. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For a court-hou<e, po«t office, and custom-house, at
Ttcnton, Now Jeiftey, §40.000.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I raise the ques-
tion of order on that amendment. The rule
ought to he general.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the following
amendment:
For pieservm? the works find pier, in order to preserve
anti secure the light-bouse at Chicago, Illinois, $87,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is for a work of
internal improvement in the harbor of Chicago,
and is not in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It provides for pre-
serving the light-house. 1 suppose that if you
destroy the foundations of the light-house, you
destroy the light-house.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I make the ques-
tion of order. It is for the repair of a pier, and
not of a light-house.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Hopkins.) The
amendment purports to be for the preservation
of a light-housfe, and the Chair thinks it is in
ordfer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have fixed the amount
in this amendment at $87,000, as the Senate, at
the last session, pri&sed d bill providing for the re-
pair of these piers, appropriating that amount.
TKdt bill is now upon the Calendar here. I hold
iri my hand a lfe'tter from Colonel Graham, the
superintendent of the harbor and coast surveys"
of Lake Michigati, which'I will ask to have read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Chicago, February 4, 1859.
Dear Sir : May I ask you to call the attention of the
Committee on Commerce of the House to the bill which
jjas&ed the Senate last session appropriating a sum of money
for the repair of Chicago harbor piers, with a view to get it
acted on by-the Hou&e. The piers are in so bad a condition
that the harbor must be ruined it not now attended to with-
out further delay. Moreover, the new light-house, now
nearly finished, cannot stand, when it is erected, against
the collision of vessels if the north pier falls, which it as-
suredly will, from decay, in n shott time, if not repaired.
My annual repoit gives full information on the subject,
which T ask you to refer to. I also addressed, yesterday, a
special report to the topographical bureau on the subject,
containing full particulars.
Very respectfully yours, &c.,
J. i>. GRAHAM, Lieutenant ■Colonel, <$*c.
Hon. Eluhp IJ. Wasiibdrne, M. C., Washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of my colleague, I will say that, upon
receiving that letter from Colonel Graham, I pre-
sented it to the Committee on Commerce, and
they unanimously directed me to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House, and if objection
were made, to move to suspend the rules in order
to take up the Senate bill for this purpose, and
priss it. I trust there will be no objection on the
part of any member.
Mr. BURNETT. It seems, from th6 state-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois last up, that
there is a bill now pending before the committee
upon this subject; and, under the ruling of the
Chair, it cannot be offered as an amendment to
this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman does
not understand correctly. The bill upon the Cal-
endar is merely for the purpose of preserving the
harbor. This is for the purpose of preserving
and protecting the light-house. It is a different
object. The money may be expended in the same
way. But the object of this amendment is the
protection of the light-house, while the object of
the brll is the protection of the pier. If you de-
stroy the pier on which the light-house stands,
you destroy the light-house.
Mr. BURNETT. I have made the question
of order on the amendment; and I ask that it shall
be decided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
has dccided the amendment to be in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is res adjudicata.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The tempo-
rary chairman [Mr. Hopkins] decided the amend-
ment to be in order.* My colleague made a little
speech upon it, and I also made a little speech.
Mr. BURNETT. The point I make is, that
this amendment cannot properly be attached to
this bill, for the reason that it provides for the
improvement of the piers in the harbor, and not
for the improvement of a light-house. The sec-
ond point is this 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order. The temporary chaiiman
decided the amendment to be in order, and no ap-
peal was taken from his decision. The gentle-
man from Kentucky is too late.
Mr. BURNETT. The other point that I make
is this- 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist that the gentleman
from Kentucky cannot make two points of order
at one time.
Mr. BURNETT. .If the gentleman from Illi-
nois would not be quite so excited about this
matter, I should have been through by this time.
!t was stated by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] sitting behind the gentleman
who now occupies the floor, that there was a bill
which the Committee on Commerce had author-
ized to be reported, and which, I suppose, is
now on the Calendar, for this identical appropri-
ation; and I submit that under the ruling of the
gentleman now occupying the chair, [Mr. Bo-
cock,] this amendment eould not be received in
an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Th$ Chair will say to the
