1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ticm of order. That is for another harbor im-
provement.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to (state a single word;
that in the light-house bill a year since 
Mr. BURNETT. Is debate is order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I object; and hope
gentlemen will let us go on with the bill.
Mr. BLISS. I am merely stating the fact why
this' appropriation becomes necessary Two
years ago, a new lighthouse pier was built to
connect the light-house with the main land; and
this is a trifling appropriation to enable the'Sec-
retary,athis discretion, to expend what he deems
necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The ruling of the Chair
is, that the amendment is not in order; and that
no amendment is in order which contemplates ap-
propriations for anything beyond light-houses.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For lighting up the snags and sawyers in the Mississippi
river, between (3t LouU and Now Orleans, so that a wife
line of commercial transit may be had tor property embarked
on the river, it being decided out ol outer to take the tnaga
and sawyers out of the river at the expense of tho Govern-
ment, $100,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Read on the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I should have hoped that some-
body else besides my colleague would have raised
the point of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have raised no
point of order, because I thought my colleague
was not serious in offering his amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly; I was never more
serious in my life. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I do make
the point of order now.
Tho CHAIRMAN". The Chair will meet the
expectation of the gentleman from Missouri by
ruling the amendment out of order.
Mr. GOODWIN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For repairs and incidental expenses to the hpht-house at
Oswego, and the buildings and pier connected theievvah,
$30,000.
Mr. BURNETT. That is substantially the
same amendment as was offered before, and ruled
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. So theChairunderstands.
Mr. GOODWIN. Then t>trike out the word
" pier" from the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. That is substantially the
same thine;. The object is the same.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman has no
doubt that the object-is the same; but it is not for
the Chair to decide on the object.
Mr. GOODWIN. It is precisely the same in
principle as is contained in the preceding section
of the bill, and I presume it is in order.
The foundation of the light-house at Oswego
may, by some, be called the pier, but I will call
it the foundation of the light-house, because that
is the truth. It is in imminent danger, at this
point, of being entirely destioyed by the action of
the wind and waves. I have here the report of
Colonel Graham, which is embodied in ihe report
of the Secretary of War, in which he recommends
that an appropriation of $4d,000 shall be made
for the purpose of preserving the pier and light-
house at Oswego. Thete ate various reasons
which render it of gient importance that such an
appropriation should be made. As I slated the
othei evening, Fort Ontario is situated at that
point, and the harbor of Oswego is perhaps the
most important harbor on Lake Ontario, ami
would be, in time of war, being commanded by
Fort Ontario, sought as a place of safely for our
lake shipping. This appropriation is rendered
necessary, too, on account of (he vast amount of
commerce and .shipping that centeis at that poin t.
The exports and impoits at Oswego harbor in
1855, amounted to over one hundred and forty-
six million dollars, and the entrances and clear-
ances at said port to one million six hundred
and seven thousand tons.
Mr. PHJSLPS, of Missouri. I must rise to a
question of order. The gentleman is not confin-
ing his remarks to the subject-matter of ins amend-
ment,
Mr. GOODWIN. I am making these remarks
for the purpose of showing the importance and
necessity of this appropriation for the safety and
security of the light-house at this port. Not only
is the appropriation recommended by the super-
intendent of the light-house, but by Colonel Gra-
ham, the Government superintendent of the lake
harbor works. I think there are sufficient grounds
and reasons for insisting on my amendment, as
it is shown by the reports of these officers to be
necessary for the security of the light-house at
that point.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman whether
this appropriation is necessary for the improve-
ment of the light-house?
Mr. GOODWIN. It is necessary for the con-
tinuance and safety of the light-house.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman whether
he does not expect to have this appropriation ap-
plied to the improvement of the pier instead of
the light-house ?
Mr. GOODWIN. Only so far as it may be
necessary, for the purpose of saving and protect-
ing the light-house.
Mr. GRANGER. As the gentleman from New
York has said, Oswego is the principal port on
Lake Ontario, and the light-house is necessary for
the security of shipping. If the light-house were
destroyed it would cause the destruction of half
the business of the port.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend to discuss
the merits of this amendment; but I wish to say
to gentlemen upon the other side, that they are
certainly pursuing a course which will not only
lead to interminable discussion, but which must
defeat it. The amendment of the gentleman from'
New York—whether so intended by him or not,
I will not say—has the effect of defeating the de-
cision of the committee twice made upon appeal.
The gentleman first offered an amendment for the
improvement of the pier. The Chair decided that
it was not in order, and the committee sustained
that decision upon an appeal. And the gentleman
from New York has changed the phraseology of
his amendment so as to evade the rules of the
House. I appeal to the gentleman's candor and
fairness whether that mode of procedure is right
and fair, under the circumstances?
Mr. GOODWIN. If the gentleman understood
the situation of tins pier, and its connection with
the light-house, he would not object.
Mr. MA Y NARD. Is it part of the light-house ?
Mr. GOODWIN. A poi tion of the pier is that
pait of the light-house which is under water; it
is connected with, and is what holds it m its
place.
Mr. GRANGER. You cannot have the light-
house without the pier.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the amount to $5,000.
There was a regular estimate submitted at the
commencement of the session, of the amount ne-
cessary for the repair of light-houses, and the
buildings connected therewith. Thatestimate had
been revised by the, Light-House Board, and had
undergone the revision of tho Secretary of the
Treasuiy. Now, I desire to know of the gentle-
man from New York, whether any recent dam-
age has been done to this light-house, and to these
buildings, by storms or other casualties'1
Mr. GOODWIN. They are becoming more
and more in danger eveiy day of being carried
into the lake.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Has any casu-
alty occurred there since the estimates were sub-
muted ?
Mr. GOODWIN. When were they submitted 5
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. At the commence-
ment of this session.
Mr. GOODWIN. I cannot speak from per-
! sonal knowledge, but only from the information
I I have received. IVly information is, that the pier,
! which may be called the foundation and safety of
' the light-house—that part of K which is under the
watei—is in danger moie and more every day of
being washed into the lake, and the light-house
entirely destroyed.
! Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The point I make
! is, that we have executive officers whose duty it
j is to take care of the public property. There, is
I an officer whose duty it is to report the condition
| of these light-houses; and, if they need repairs,
submit estimates for those repairs. Now, I sub-
mit to the committee, whether it is proper in this
way to evade the ruling of the Chair, and in this
manner to obtain appropriations to be expended
for the improvement of harbors? If there is a ne-
cessity for making any repairs of this light-house,
and of the buildings connected therewith, those
repairs will be made out of the general appropri-
ation contained in this bill for the repairs of light-
houses, and the buildings connected therewith.
Mr. BLISS. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri, if he is not well aware that the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hostile to the whole
system of lake commerce, and would be glad to
have every light-house tumble into the lake?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Ah ! now we un-
derstand it. Yes, sir; the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hostile to the improvement of harbors.
Now, it is disclosed, that the object is to obtain
the improvement of harbors in this manner. If
gentlemen wish to obtain the improvement of har-
bors, why do they not bring up a river and har-
bor bill, and let us have a direct vote upon it? I
submit to the committee, if it is a fair and manly
course to endeavor to obtain appropriations for
such purposes in this manner?
Mr. GOODWIN. I desire, for a single mo-
ment only, to reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man'from Missouri. He wants to know if the
light-house at the port of Oswego is in danger.
I desire him to mark the language of this report
of Colonel Graham:
" I consider the light house to be in danger from the
storms winch must occur between the present season and
tlie ensuing spring "
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man give me the date of that report?
Mr. GOODWIN. The report was given to
this House last session; and the light-house is in
greater danger now than it was then, as I am
going to show in a moment.
Now, sir, this light-house is in real danger;
and the people there have heretofore actually had
to raise money, by private subscription, to save
the Government works at that point;'a point
from which the Government has derived a large
amount of revenue, and which has paid into the
•Treasury a surplus, over and above all the money
expended there by the Government, from 1848
up to the present time, of nearly one million dol-
lars. And yet the Government permits its own
works at that point to £0 to ruin and destruction,
and refuses to appropriate a single cent to keep
them in repair.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a single word in expla-
nation of the amendment which I have offered. If
gentlemen could visit the harbor of Oswego, and
see the situation of this pier and light-house, they
would riot make such remarks as we have heard
in reference to this amendment, but would at
once see and understand that I am acting in good
faith and within the legitimate province of my
duty. I hold in my hand a statement of the
Mayor of Oswego and the collector at that port,
who, by virtue of his office as collector, is super-
intendent of that light-house, in which they state
that the light-house is built upon the pier, and
the pier forms a portion of the light-house, to wit,
the foundation thereof. And, sir, the foundation
of the light-house—that portion of it which is un-
derneath—is as much a part of the building as
that which rears us head above the water to light
the mariners on the lake.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when that fact is under-
stood, you will at once see and understand how
I came to insert the word " pier" in the amend-
ment which I offered. You may call it a pier, or
you may call it a portion of the building itself,
it is the foundation of the building; and we are
acquiring a new species of information if we are
to learn here that the foundation of a house, the
very basis on which it stands, forms no part of
the building itself. If the foundation is not re-
paired; if that portion of this building under wa-
ter is not preserved, what becomes of the entire
house ? It is swept away; it goes to the bottom
of the lake; the light-house is destroyed, and the
money which has been expended by the Govern-
ment m erecting it there is sacrificed on account
of the neglect of Congiess to provide the small
pittance necessary to keep it in a state of preser-
vation and safety. The revenues of th'e Govern-
ment will be Tessened theieby at that point. My
amendment is j'ust and proper, and I trust it will
prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was, by
unanimous consent, withdrawn.
The question recurred on Mr. Goodwin's
amendment.
Mr. GOODWIN called for tellers.
