1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
down for its outrageous extravagance. It was the
great cry raised throughout the country, and they
spent the enormous sum of between twelve and
thirteen million dollars annually. Upon the pro-
fusencss and prodigality of that expenditure, a
party was called into existence which overthrew
Mr. Adams's Administration. Well, sir, Mr.
Buchanan is an economical man, and pledges
himself to give his aid to this investigating Com-
mittee, if one should be raised, to ferret out all
abuses, and to bring the country back to an eco-
nomical administration; but he gives you, in his
annual message, (I have taken the trouble to send
for it,) one datum that he is not going to have in-
troduced. It is said that comparisons are odor-
ous and odious; and Mr. Buchanan does not
want to have that test applied to his administra-
tion, for he says:
™ " Com parisons between the actual expenditure at the pre-
sent time"—
Which in another page he tells us amounts to
$81,000,000—
"Comparisons between the actual expenditure at the
present time, and what it was ten or twenty yeais ago, aie
altogether fallacious."
If we find an Administration expending some
twelve or even twenty millions, and another ex-
pending eighty millions, and we undertake to in-
stitute a comparison between them, he says it is
altogether fallacious.
Now, sir, I ha^veno idea that the Finance Com-
mittee will do anything at all about this matter.
I do not know that I am obliged to tell my rea-
sons why I think so; but such is my belief,"1 and
I do not believe a select committee will do a great
deal. The thing that seems to stagger gentlemen
from entering on this task is because it is so her-
culean; because the expenditures have become so
enormous a'll around us in every department of the
Government. Notwithstanding what the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads said, I say to you, and the report
of the Postmaster General admits it, he has ad-
ministered his Department in violation of what he
says now he believes to be the law. The Postmas-
ter General says, in his late communication, that
he believes the law now is, that proposals for car-
rying the mails should be issued without making
a discrimination between the different modes of
carrying in single wagons and post-coaches; and
the remarks of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island in that respect are vindicated by the con-
fessions of the Postmaster General hifnself.
It was so when you established the post road
from the Mississippi river to California. The
law was utterly set at naught there; all the bids
and all the provisions of law were violated., The
heads of the Departments do it constantly, and
they rely upon party discipline and a party ma-
jority to see them safe here, and they generally
find that that is a safe arm to lean upon. Yoift
heads of Departments nullify your laws; they dis-
regard them; and I tell you that it is utterly im-
possible here to pass any laws for the retrench-
ment of theexpenditures of this Governmentthat
will be carried out unless they accoid with the
notions of the heads of Departments. If they like
the law they will carry it out, and if they do not
they will not; and they will come here and appeal
to a party majority to sustain them. That has
been the fact, and is the fact, and will be.
Now, sir, I want a select committee in this C£se;
and I want a select committee not to be deterred
from beginning the work because they may not
have time to go over the whole ground. If you
get any committee, the Finance Committee, or a
select committee, or a committee of this whole
body, and if they say they will not investigate
because they cannot go over the whole ground,
they will never begin. Lot a select committee be
raised and begin,and I will pointthemto a place
that will give them work enough for this session ;
and I hope they will do it, and not refrain from
doing it because they cannot go over the whole
of it; and I will tell you where 1 would begin: I
would begin with the Lieutenant General of the
Army, an office about as requisite for^the admin-
istration of the Government as it would be to have
a town clerk of the weather in the city of Wash-
ington. [Laughter.] I will show you that.he is re-
ceiving an annual compensation of $18,000, for
doing nothing. I shall ask them to begin there,
and then to look at a document printed here about
a year ago, showing the total annual compensa-
1 tion received by the officers of the Army in this
city. You will find colonels, lieutenant colonels,
and I do not know what not, whose whole cam-
paign, for years and years, consists in goingfrom
the Departments to dinner, and jj'om dinner to
bed, performing that service for years, and drawing
thousands and thousands and thousands out of
your Treasury, for forage and servants, and com-
mutations in all sorts of ways, by which 
Mr. SHIELDS._ Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him what disposition lie would
make of the officer whom he has just tried to
create—senior flag-officer?
Mr. HALE. I would let him live, sir, in the
grateful affections and the memory of his country,
and die, when his time comes, redeemed from the
odium and reproach which the naval board under-
took to fasten upon him. That is what I wtmld
let him do. [Applause in the galleries.]
I only mention this as one of the things that a
select committee, if it is required, may look into,
and ought to look into. I see that the honorable
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] is doing
me the honor to listen to me, though it may be to
reply with a scorching—I do not know what it
will be—no matter, sir. [Laughter.] I had the
honor last year to introduce a resolution.into-the
Senate calling the attention of the honorable Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to thequestion, whether
the law could not be so framed that the country
might know what these officers get; whether, in-
stead of fuel, and commutation for servants and
horses, and forage—forage upon the Treasury,
that is all, sir, [laughter]—a specific sum might
not be given, as has been done in the Navy, so
that we might know what we pay these gentle-
men.
I Well, sir, that committee have not reported,
j I doubt not for good, and just, and wise pur-
i poses; but I do hope, if this select committee is j
| raised—and it seems to be the opinion univer- j
1 sally that, if it is raised, and you should be in j
; the chair when itis appointed, you would appoint |
I the Senator fiom Tennessee at the head of it— i
I these matters will attract its attention. I mention j
! these things, and express the hope that the lion- I
; orablc chairman of the Committee on Military I
j Affairs, who I believe, notwithstanding the bad I
; influences of a military education, is honest and j
I intelligent, will favor "the select committee with |
, some suggestions that may retrench the enormous !
1 and usolVss expanses of'the Government in this j
; particular. I shall go for a select committee; but :
, I shall go against continuing their powers beyond j
j this session, because I want them to do some- j
| thing, and not refrain fiom doing something be- i
' cause they cannot do everything. j
j Mr. DAViS. The Senator from New Hamp- j
shire need not have had any apprehension of my !
: replying to him. I assure hnn that such was not i
i my purpose; I merely want to relieve him. The ;
! subject to which lie refers has been under consul- j
' eration, though it is not involved m the mystery j
which he describe?, and no one knew it better ,
J lliuit the Senator fiom New Hampshire. He >
i called on me this morning to know where the !
report was which gave him what every officer ;
received, when all this commutation was changed
into money. 1 sent for the report, but the clerk ;
; was out of my committee-room, or 1 should have j
, laid it before him, when he could have seen what:
every officer received. It is now reported annu- ■
ally to Congress; there is no mystery about it; 1
but there is very great difficulty in fixing a salar). 1
The Senator speaks of it as a veiy easy matter.
' He reminds me, somewhat, of a merchant who
: sent a supercargo abroad. When h^ came back '
1 lie rendered his account, and in it v.*as " horse >
hire," which the merchant disallowed, as not'
1 necessary to a supercargo. The next time here-
turned, his account was examined and no "horse
hire" found in it. He was commended for not ;
having any horse hire in the second account, but
' he told him:4'You do not see it in the account, but, ;
; nevertheless, there is horse hire there," [laugh- j
1 ter;] and so it is of the servants of whom he dis- '
claims so loudly. They are found in the return ;
of every officer of the Army; they are not found ;
in the case of the Navy, and yet they exist. Every j
officer who goes on,shipboard has the benefit of j
' services rendered to him by the Government, and
i servants kept on board for the benefit of the offi- |
! cers. In the Army, it appears, stands out, not !
i only in the pay account, but in the annual report <
which is made to Congress of which the Senator
is advised. - * •
The PRESIDING OFF^ER. Thequestion
is on the amendment striking out *4 the Finance
Committee," and inserting<{ a select committee,
to consist of seven members." On this question
the yeas and nays have been asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered; arid, being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays24;as follows:
YEAS—Mes$s. Bayard-, Bell, Iheler, Brown, Chandler,
Chesnut, Clark, Clay, Collamcr, Crittenden. Dixon, Dur-
kee, Fessendpn, Filch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Joues,
Kennedy, King, Pugh, Sebastian, Simmons, Thompson of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, and Wad«
—34.
NAYS—^Messrs. Allen,Bates, Brodenck,Cfingroan, Da-
vis, l)oohttle,Douelas, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Ark-
ansas*, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory, Polk, Reid, Uice,
Seward. Shields, SiideU, Stuart, Toombs, Ward, Wilson,
Wnght, and Yulee—24.
So the amendment was agreed to,
Mr, GWIN. I now move to strike out that
portion of the resolution which was offered by the
Senator from Michigan, and accepted by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, in these words:
Provided, That in ease said committee shall not be able
to comply with this lesolution during tliu ptesent session of
Congress, the duty ahaJI ho nxtended to the next and sub-
peqnent sessions, for the purpose of more mature and com-
plete action.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In the discus-
sion of this resolution, it has been conceded, I
think, by pretty much every Senator, who has
spoken upon it, that a great deal cannot be done
during the present session. The provision now
proposed to be stricken out was submitted to mc
by tho Senator from Michigan, and I thought it
was the bestunder thecircuinstanc.es; that wheth-
er a select committee or the Committee on Fi-
nance undertook the investigation, the work could
be commenced; but had no idea that it could be
completed during the present session. Hence the
amendment, as the resolution now stands, was
accepted. I think it would be best to continue it
in that shape.
I wish to say in this connection—and I rose
more for that purpose than any other—that I have
introduced no resolution to create a select com-
mittee. I am not the mover of a proposition of
that sort, and if my proposition has been taken
out of my hands by others, of course theyentitle
themselves to the courtesy that the mover of the
resolution is always entitled to m selecting the
chairman of the committee. I am satisfied in my
l-wn mind that the appointment of a select com-
mittee will result in doing no good. The Com-
mittee on Finance to-day, is in possession of more
information necossary to an investigation of this
sort, and the accomplishment of an end of this
kind, than a select committee could be possessed
of in the course of the next twelve months. If
that committee could not complete their labors
with the information they have, they could com-
mence the work, and the Senate could indicate a
determination that it was to be continued. I am
in hopes that the Senate will not strike out what
is now proposed to be stricken out by the Senator
from California. In the event of the adoption of
the resolution in its present form, that Senator
hasentitlcd himself to the honorable distinction of
being chairman of the committee. I have intro-
duced no resolution to appointaselectcommittee.
Mr. GWIN. I only wish to strike out this
clause because I do nof want to perpetuate the
committee. All our committees expire at the close
of this session, and they are reappointed at the
beginning of the next session. I take it for grant-
ed, rf a select committee is appointed, tljat a ma-
jority of the Senate, having indicated their desire
to have this investigation, will, on a motion being
made, renew this committee. My only object is
to prevent the creation of a committee during this
session of Congress that shall be in existence at
the beginning of the next session. I want the
general rule to prevail. In regaid to my being
chairman of the committee, I never dreamed of
such a thing, and would not serve in such a posi-
tion, because I have plenty to do on the Commit-
tee on Finance, and that is the very reason I do
not want it to go to that committee. I think they
have enough to do now; and, being a member of
that committee, I would not serve upon this spe-
cial committee under any circumstances.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that this part of the
resolution will be stricken out. If we are to have
