1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 28.
Mr. CLAY. I hare risen to oppose merely
■pro formn the amendment of my friend from Vir-
ginia, and I agree with him in most of what he
bfis said. We all'agree that theTrqaaury of the
United States is in rather a dilapidated condition;
but, at the same time, we all believe in the inhe-
rent resources .of this great country, and none of
us are afraid of bankruptcy. But I have risen
for the purpose of stating what, in my opinion, is
the duty of the G.overnnjept of the United States
in respect to these public lands, of which she has
such a vast empire. In my judgment, she' does
not hold these public lands for the purpose of rev-
enue, for the purpose of deriving a profit from
them; she holds the public lands, a grand domain,
for the purpose of making of them new States;
and those lands should only be surveyed—espe-
cially when the condition of the Treasury is such
as it now i§—as there seems to be a demand for
them for actual settlement. It is not that the
United States Government expects to make money
oyt of them.
The gentleman from California, [Mr. Scott,]
whose devotion to the interests of his State we
all recognize, and who, whenever any question
affecting her interests arises here, stands up here
like a man for those interests, tells us that be-
cause, last year, we spent three or four hundred
thousand dollars in carrying on these surveys, we
ought now to spend at least one hundred-odd
thousand dollars. 1 reply to thatargument, that,
in the present condition of the Treasury, we ought
not to spend one dollar that is not actuallyjde-
tnanded by the necessities of the Government and
of its advancing population.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the gentleman whether, if
you cut down the estimates two thirds, that is not
a reasonable deduction >
Mr. CLAY. I understand that there are al-
ready sixty-odd million acres of the public lands
surveyed and not in the market,and fourteen-odd
millions of that amount are m the State of Cali-
fornia. Now, sic, I acknowledge the grandeur
of that empire of gold. I will acknowledge the
bounteous hand with which the sons of Califor-
nia—if, indeed, the State is not too young to have
sons 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASBBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Oh ! I hope that
motion will be wiihdiawn.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. Iam willing
to stay here, if the committee is disposed to do
business; but I do not care to stay heie to listen
to speeches upon abstract questions at this stage
of the session.
Mr. BURNETT. Debate is not in order.
The committee refused to rise.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Garnf.tt's
amendment; and, being put, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. COBB. I desire to add an amendment to
that paragraph; but I shall have to get the unani-
mous consent of the committee to offer it.
Mr. ANDERSON. 1 object.
Mr. COBB. It is necesary that the amendment
should be made, if gentlemen desire to save sev-
eral thousand dollars. My amendment is as fol-
lows:
X'rovitlcA further, That all acts and part of acts, requir-
ing )aml  in (Jalitoi ma to be advertised six months, be, and
the same aie hereby, repealed.
Mr. DEAN. I object to that.
Mr. FLORENCE'. We have saved enough
money for one day.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend that clause
by striking out " forty" and inserting <c ten;"
and I want the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means for one moment.
Whenever he will tell me what is necessary for
the year 1860, I will conform my amendment to
it. 1 have ottered my amendment for the purpose
of calling the attention of the committee to the
fact that here is another deficiency, running back
and covering expenditures and liabilities incurred
during past years. This is a bill providing for
the current expenses for the year commencing
June 30, 1859. 1 have no doubt that you have
covered up, m the various regular annual appro-
priation bills for the next fiscal year, $5,000,000
of deficiency; and yet gentlemen are going to let
this Congress pass off with the efilat.thfrt the Ad-
ministration have not, during the present fiscal
year, exceeded the appropriations. I wish to call
the attention of the country to the fact that they
have exceeded them $5,000,000; and thatthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are now covering up
the deficiencies, so as to prevent its being known
that there has been such excess of the expendi-
tures over the appropriations. They ought, in
all honesty and manliness, to have come in here
with an open deficiency bill for the amount which
they have exceeded the appropriations for the
current fiscal year.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not expect,
in replying to the gentleman from Ohio, to enter
into a discussion about deficiencies. I expect to
explain this clause in the bill. As to his remark
that there is deficiency covered up, it is an asser-
tion easily made, but which it would be difficult
to prove. The Committee of Ways apd Means
had submitted to them, in the annual estimates,
an appropriation for the surveys in Kansas and
Nebraska, of $54,000. The committee reduced
that estimate to $40,000. Now, there is a small
deficiency; and it is so stated on the face of the
bill. Here is the estimate of the surveyorgeneral
of Kansas and Nebraska:
"The surveyor general estimates $185,580. The usual
estimates of former years having been found more than suf-
ficient for the exigencies of the surveying in Kansas and
Nebraska, the estimate ior the next fiscal year is reduced
to $40,000, in addition to $14,000, the amount ofsurveving
liabilities incurred by the late surveyor geneial, during
the fiscal years ending June 30, 1855, 1856, 1857, and 1856,
over and above those authorized lor the corresponding
years, amounting to $300,000, which is only five per cent,
in the aggregate, and is considered small when compared
with the extent of the surveys performed. The excess con-
sists mainly in the difference between the estimated liabil-
ities under contract while entering into, and the actual amount
ofsun^eys necessarily performed m the field under the same ;
and, also, it is partly owing to special purveys and resur-
vey& ordered by this office, with the view to piotect vested
rights growing out of tieaty stipulations, and maintaining
the integrity of the public surveys."
In other words, here is a deficiency of not more
than five per cent, upon the amount expended,
and, in some instances, less than five per cent. It
has arisen in consequence of the impossibility for
the surveyor general to make estimates for the
exact amount required to be expended. It seems
surprising to me that when you take into consid-
eration the large amount of public lands surveyed,
and the fact that the surveyor general cannot tell
the exact number of mites which will be surveyed
—for the contracts with the deputy surveyors are
by the mile—that he should have estimated so
nearly as has been the fact.
Mr. STANTON. I do not complain that these
expenditures may not have been all necessary
and proper. What I want to know is, why the
gentleman from Missouri has not separated the
amounts which have to be expended during the
current year from the appropriations for the next
fiscal year ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We did not de-
sire to submit, in a deficiency bill, an appropria-
tion of $14,000 for surveying the public lands.
There is a deficiency* of only $14,000 for the sur-
veys in Kansas and Nebraska, and it has arisen
in the manner which I have explained 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend the following clause of the bill:
" For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to be. dis-
bursed at the rates now authorized by Jaw, $30j00U
Hy adding at the end the following:
For Mirveymg the public lands m Washington Territory,
to bo disbursed at the rates now authorized by law, $10,000
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the Chair if that amend-
ment is in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman raises
the question, the Chair will decide that the amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands, at this point of
the bill, to offer the following amendment:
To defray the balance, m full, of the expenses incurred
of a geological reconnois^ancc of the Territories of Oregon
and Washington, undertaken in the year 1851, under in-
structions from the Department of the interior, including
co^t of preparing maps, and other illustrations, and for the
analysis of coals, solid, and minerals, §8,07*1 70.
I will state that this is to defray the expenses
of an exploration and survey made hy the order
of the General Government, which survey has
been completed.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order.
I ask the Chair whether that amendment, as of-
fered by the gentleman from Indiana, is in order
as an amendment to this clause of the bill under
consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if it is not to provide for the payment
of a balance-due on work authorized by the Gov-
ernment, and, therefore, in accordance with ex-
isting law?
Mr. BURNETT. I submitted the question to
the Chair for his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. On what ground
does the Chair make that decision ?
The CHAIRMAN. On the ground that it is
not germane to the clause of the bill under con-
sideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is only to complete
a survey, authorized by Government, foe which
previous appropriations have been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot see
what the amendment has to do with the survey
of lands in Oregon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I should like to
know at what point of the bill it will be in order
to present it; because if it is not in order to this
bill, it cannot be to any. I think the amendment
is clearly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides it is
out of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I propose to sub-
mit a motion to strike out the clause for the sur-
vey of the boundary of Minnesota, because there
has been a bill passed by this House on the same
subject. It has been returned from the Senate,
and is now upon the Speaker's table. The bill
appropriates money for the survey of the bound-
ary of Minnesota. The Senate amendments are
few and informal in their character.
Mr. GROW. If this should pass in the ap-
propriation bill, placing the money for the pur-
pose at the disposal of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, there will be no necessity for taking that bill
from the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. The amount appro-
priated is $5,000. The length of line estimated
to be run is one hundred and thirty miles. That
would be at the rate of thirty-eight dollars a mile
for running a plain, straight line between two
given points. This is an extravagant appropria-
tion, therefore, for the purpose designed. The
surveying of the subdivisions of the public lands
costs, I believe, about three dollars a mile.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman is the
last one wfco ought to complain of extravagant
appropriations for surveying.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. This pays at the rate
of thirty-eight dollars a mile, which I consider
altogether unreasonable. At the time the Iowa
line was run, I think it was four times what it
ought to have been, and I presume that this is in
the same proportion.
I.will explain to the committee. The boundary
is to be run from Red river to the southern ex-
tremity of Lake Traverse. • That is a natural
boundary. Then the line is to be run from the
■southern end of Lake Traverse to the head of Big
Stone lake. All the skill required is to run a
straight line between two given points.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Whatdoes the gentle-
man say is the distance between the head of Big
Stone lake and the northern line of the State of
Iowa ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. It is estimated to be
one hundred and thirty miles. That is the esti-
mate of the Department of the length of line to be
surveyed, and 1 presume that that estimate is cor-
rect; at all events, we must make our appropria-
tion here upon that estimate from the Depart-
ment. Tiience, from the point I have stated, the
line has to be run by a true south line to Big
Stone lake and the northern boundary line of the
State of Iowa. Here no more skill is required
than to run a direct south line. I apprehend
that ten dollars per mile for that purpose would
be an extravagant compensation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I have no doubt
that the gentleman from Iowa is correct, and that
it would cost but little money to run a due south
line. But, sir, the object of this appropriation is
to mark and establish a line over a prairie coua-
