406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
a thorough investigation, I think it can only be
made by the Committee on Finance; but the Sen-
ate has decided otherwise, and decided that a
select committee shall be appointed. I do not want
toadd anothec standing committee to the Senate,
a committee on retrenchment, and have that con-
verted into a sinecure office. The committee who
will have charge of this subject should have time
to make an examination, and it will time enough
to decide whether they shall deserve to be con-
tinued in their trust at the next session, when we
shall see what they have accomplished at the end
of this one; and we shall be better able to judge
at the next session whether the examination ought
to be continued, or whether it must be abandoned
as hopeless,
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
from Tennessee whether I understand him to say
that he will not serve as chairman of a select
committee?
Mr. 'JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I cannot serve
as chairman.
Mr. PUGH. I voted for a select committee to
secute the Senator's services, and I move to re-
consider the vote by which it was adopted. I
would rather have the Committee on Finance,
unless he is to be chairman of the select commit-
tee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I cannot serve,
because I believe it will do no good. 1 am in
earnest in the proposition, and I want to give it
that direction which will make it beneficial to the
country.
Mr. PUGH. I move to reconsider the vote on
the amendment of the Senator from California,
providing for a select committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the present amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit to the Chair that the
motion submitted by the Senator from Ohio is first
in order, most clearly. It is to reconsider the
vote of the Senate which has just been taken. I
may be willing to vote with the Senator to re-
consider if the resolution stands before the Sen-
ate precisely as it stood when 1 voted upon that
amendment; but if it is changed by striking out
the last clause, I may then bo unwilling to leron-
sider. It is a privileged question; it is entitled to
be considered before any amendment, or anything
is done with the proposition before the Senate.
Such, I think I may say, is the uniform practice
of the Senate, and 1 appeal to all Senators to say
if I am not right.
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps the honorable Sen'-1
ator from California will consent to let the motion
for reconsideration have preccdcnce.
Mr. GWIN. No. I want to perfect the reso-
lution as a majority of the Senate indicated. They
wish to have a select committee, and I want this
proviso stiickon oil*.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion
of the Chair is that the Senator from Ohio has a
right to enter his motion; but after Unit motion is
submitted it is no longer a privileged question.
The question first pending is the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from California to strike out
the last proviso. If the Chair errs, he will be
happy to be corrected by the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very certain that the
Chair is wrong in its decision; but I do not want
to take an appeal from it. I am very certain,
however, that the decision is not in accordance
with what hay been the uniform practice of the
Senate, and there is good reason for the practice.
This is a privileged question; we want to take it
now before we vote to change the proposition,
or before we vote to see whether we shall change
it or not. An amendment has been carried, and
a proposition has been made to reconsider that
vote, and the first question before the Senate is
on its reconsideration. There can be no doubt
about jt.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would re-
mark, in connection with what has been said on
this question of precedence, that 1 think the mo-
tion to reconsider is clearly m order; and even
after the motion is made and entered, it is subject
to be called up by the mover, or any member of
the Senate, at any time. It is a privileged mo-
tion. A motion to reconsider is moved, and that
motion is before the Senate, and caabe called up
at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate to entertain the motion of the
Senator from Ohio at this time ?
Mr. DAVIS. Let it it be done by unanimous
consent—which dispenses with all rules in this
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the amendment
which has been adopted.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. K1NC*. I shall vote for this motion to re-
consider. I voted for the select committee from
my confidence in'the Senator from Tennessee,
whom 1 supposed would be placed at the head of
the committee, although I had considerable def-
erence to his wish that it might be referred to the
Finance Committee; but as that gentleman in-
forms the Senate that he declines to serve on this
committee, I am clearly of the opinion that the
Finance Committee is the proper one.
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted to adopt the amend-
ment, and I shall now change my vote. I shall
do it for two reasons: first, I have conferred with
the Senator from Tennessee, and he assures me
that it is his wish that the subject shall go to the
Committee on Finance. lie is the mover of the
resolution; and I feel a desire, so far as I may in
accordance with my own judgment, to act in co-
operation with him. I do it, secondly, bccciusc
I see the whole thing is designed to have the go-
by entirely. Stiikc out the Committee on Fi-
nance, put in a sclect committee, and then strike
off the power which they have in the last clause
of the resolution to continue their researches be-
yond the session, and you have a committee to
act for a few days, and they will do just nothing.
Let (he Committee on Finance have charge of this
matter; charge them with the continuation of the
subject from session to session; and from the re-
lations which they bear to the Government, we
wiil hold them, and we will hold the Government,
responsible for all that they ought to be respons-
ible for; and we shall bo willing to assume that
part of the responsibility, as a legislative body,
which belongs to us. The responsibility, I am
willing to admit, is divided. I know we are the
legislative department; and at the other end of the
avenue is the executive department. Such at least
is the theory of our Government, although I" be-
lieve in practice it is right the other way; they
legislate and we execute. They tell us the amount
of money they ask for, and then wc indorse it.
They execute m point of fact, and we indorse
their execution. When wo do so; when wo go
beyond what our own judgment tells us is right,
we ought to he held responsible for it,
I want this committee to tell me what the ap-
propriations are for the purpose of executing laws
m existence; I want them to tell me what are the
appropriations made without the authority of law,
and at the mere instance and suggestion, not of a
Department, but of some subordinate officer in a
Department, some clerk of the third or fourth de-
gree. I believe the Finance Committee is the com-
mittee to do that; and we see plainly that, if it is
to be refen ed to a select committee, and the power
contained in the last clause of the resolution is
stricken from them, just no tiling at all is to be done.
Let that committor which bears the relation to
the Administration that the Finance Committee
does, have charge of this matter. Hold them re-
sponsible for the discharge of their duty;and then
hold the Government responsible for the expend-
itures they make. For that reason, I shall vote
to keep the resolution as it is, and refer it to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote against the motion
to reconsider, for the reason that I think a select
committee can more appropriately discharge this
duty than the standing Committee on Finance.
That committee Is already overwhelmed with
business, it is utterly out of the question for
them to give this subject the consideiation which
Us importance demands. As for the argument
that you cannot perpetuate the existence of a se-
lect committee beyond the close of the session, it
holds equally good in reference to the Committee
on Finance. When-the session closes, the com-
mittee ceases to exist; and yet you can have a
sort of quasi perpetuation of the existence of the
committee; and that just as well in the person of
a select committee as m that of one of the stand-
ing committees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. , Will the Sen-
ator suspend his remarks to receive a message
from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
DEATH OF HON. T. L. HARRIS.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. J. C. Allen,
its Clerk:
Mr. President : I am directed by tlio House of Repre-
sentatives to communicate to the Senate the proceedings
of the House on the announcement of the death of Thomas
L. Harris, late a member of that body.
The resolutions of the House of Representa-
tives were read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, for the firsy^
time duiing my public service, it becomes
mournful duty to join in an official tribute of re-
spect and veneration to the memory of a deceased
colleague from my own State. The message from
the House of Representatives has announced to
the Senate the death of Thomas L. Harris, a
well-known Representative from the State of Illi-
nois. His declining health—the result of severe
exposure in the military service of his country—
had long since impressed upon his family and
immediate friends the stern necessity of prepar-
ing their minds and hearts for this afflicting be-
reavement. With a constitution broken, and
sinking, slowly but certainly, under an incurable
disease, and while calmly awaiting a result which
he was conscious was inevitable and rapidly ap
proaching, he retained and displayed the indom-
itable energy, courage, and fortitude, which had
characterized his whole life, and enabled him,
until the hour of his death, to perform his whole
duty to his family and to society—to his State
and the Union. He died at his home in Peters-
burg, Menard county, Illinois, on the 24th of No-
vember last, of pulmonary consumption.
The history of Thomas L. Harris may be
studied and his example followed with safety and
honor by the youth of our country. Born in Nor-
wich, Connecticut, on the 29th of October, 1816,
he was only two years of age when his father
died, leaving hinfi and a younger brother depend-
ent upon a widowed mother for support. By his
own exertions, with the labor of his own hands,
he obtained the means to acquire an education,
and graduated with credit at Trinity College,
Hartford, Connecticut, in 1841. During his se-
nior year in college, he became a student-at-law in
the office of Governor Toucey, now Secretary of
the Navy, and pursued his studies with assiduity
and success. In December, 1841, he removed to
Amherst county, Virginia, where he continued
the law, while teaching school to obtain the means
of support. In 1842 he was admitted to the bar
jp Virginia, and the same year removed to Peters-
burg, Menard county, Illinois, where he com-
menced the practice of his profession, and resided
until the period of his death. He rose rapidly in his
profession, and had already acquired an enviable
reputation as a lawyer, when the Mexican war
broke out and called him to another field of duty.
In May, 1846, he raised a company of volunteers
and was elected their captain, tie joined the
fourth regiment of Illinois volunteers, under the
command of Colonel Baker; and on the 4th of
July, of that year, was elected major of the regi-
ment. After reaching Mexico, the absence and
sickness of the colonel and lieutenant-colonel de-
volved the command of the regiment upon Major
Harris; and m this position he displayed, in an
eminent degree, the qualities of the soldier and the
officer—courage, energy, promptitude, and dis-
cipline. He soon became conspicuous, winning
the applause of his superiors and the confidence
and love of those under his command. At Vera
Cruz, as well as Cerro Gordo, after the fall of
General Shields, when the command of the brig-
ade devolved upon Colonel Baker, and that of
the regiment upon Major Harris, in consequence
of the sickness of the lieutenant-colonel, the gal-
lantry of my friend became historical, as appears
by the official dispatches of General Scott, com-
manding in chief, and those of Major General:
Patterson and Colonel Baker, under whose im-
mediate orders he acted.
During his absence in Mexico, Major Harris
was elected by the people to the Senate of Illinois,
notwithstanding the district had previously given
a decided majority in opposition to the political
