1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
party to which he belonged. Returning fronfthe
war, surrounded with honors which his fellow-
citizens all took pride in awarding to him, and
which he bore with a modesty in harmony with his
character, he again engaged in the practice of his
profession with that earnestness of character
which was a part of his nature. But he had be-
come an object of too much public interest to be
allowed to remain long in private life. In 1848,
he became the nominee of the Democratic party
(with which he was always thoroughly identified)
for Congress, in a district which hail uniformly
given a decided Opposition majority, and was
triumphantly elected, upon the distinct issue of
non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
States or Territories. Hiscouisein Congress was
bold, manly, and unequivocal; always adhering
strictly to the principles on which he was elected.
He supported,"by vote and speech, the legislation
of 1850, known as the compromise measures; and
never failed to defend the authors of those meas-
ures and the principles involved in them, when-
ever and wherever assailed.
In 1854, when scctional strife raged with its
greatest fury, and men of less nerve quailed before
the storm, Major Harris again became the can-
didate of his party for Congress in his district,
which had been changed so as to conform to the
new apportionment, and was then represented by
a political opponent. In this contest, he stood
forth the bold and fearless champion of the prin-
ciples embodied in the Kansas-Nebraska act; and
in that distinct issue, he was elected by about two
hundred majority over his popular antagonist.
Maintaining in Congress, with ability and fidel-
ity, the principles on which he was elected, he for
the third time became the chosen leader of his
party, by a unanimous vote, in 1856; and, after
an arduous and severe canvass, pending the pres-
idential elec'tion of that year, he was reelected by
about two thousand majority. The course which
Major Harris felt it his duty to pursue on the
important and exciting questions which engrossed
the attention of Congress during the last session,
is familiar to the Senate and the country. What-
ever diveisity of opinion may exist, here or else-
where, in regard to the merits of that controversy,
all will unite in bearing testimony to the ability,
fidelity, and gallantry, with which he maintained
and defended his conscientious convictions.
When Congress adjourned, he returned to his
home in the beloved State of his adoption, worn
down and exhausted by excessive labors, and
sinking slowly under the effects of a disease which j
even his energy and will could no longer resist
He received the unanimous nomination of th<
Democratic party for reelection to Congress, and |
was reelected on the 2d of last November by about I
four thousand majority. Contrary to the advice
of his physician, and in opposition to the urgent j
and affectionate remonstrances of his fiiends, he
insisted upon being earned to the polls, that he
might pay the last tribute to his political faith, and
perform his last duty to his country. He lived to
receive complete returns of the election in the en-
tire State, and to write affectionate letters of con-
gratulation to those with whom he had uniformly
acted on public questions, and in whose su^ce^s
he cherished a deep and heartfelt interest. While
the country at laige will mourn the loss of a brave
and true man, whose patriotic services in the field
and in the councils of the nation gave promise of
a brilliant and useful future, we of Illinois, who
knew him best in all the relations of life, can alone
fully appreciate the extent of our loss.
Major Harris left a wife and four small chil-
dren, to whom he was tenderly, aidently, devot-
edly attached. Of them, their affliction, their loss,
I will not attempt to speak. God alone can pour
consolation into their hearts
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate receive with sincere regret :
the aniiouticenieiitof the death ot Hon.Thomas L. Ihrkis,
late a member of the House of Repie-enuuve, tioia the '
State oflllmois, and tender to the relative oJ th* decerned ,
the as<?uinnoe of their sympathy with them under the be- j
reavement thev have been called to sustain. >
Resolved, That the Secreiaiy of tiic Senate bo directed
to transmit to the family of Major Harris a ceitified copy ,
of the foresoins lesolution.
Resolved, That in token of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, in rising to
second these resolutions, I beg leave to add a few
words to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Illinois. After the eloquent and appropriate ob-
servations of that Senator, to which we have just
listened, it only remains for me to touch briefly
upon some incidents in the life of the late Thomas
L. Harris, which occurred, as it were, under my
personal observation. I was a citizen of Illinois
when the deceased became a resident of that State
in 1842. He was a member of the legal profes-
sion, and as such soon succeeded in establishing in
his new home an enviable reputation at the bar for
diligence, probity, and ability. lie was a man of
clear intellect, cool courage, and a high sense of
honor. In the practice of his profession, in the
legislation of his State, on the battle-fields of
Mexico, or in the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, whenever or wher-
ever duty summoned him to act, he obeyed the
summons in the spirit of an honest and gallant
and high-souled man—a man true to his duty,his
conscience, and his country.
In the spring of 1846, the State of Illinois raised
and equipped four gallant regiments of volunteers
to serve in the war with Mexico. Thomas L.
Harris received the appointmentof major in one
of those regiments—-a regiment which formed a
part of the first brigade, which I had the honor
to command. In the summer of that year, we
sailed for Mexico, and landed at Brazos de Sant-
iago. Upon our arrival in that country, to our
great regret, we found it necessary to encamp for
a time on the lower Rio Grande to await our sup-
plies. Placed in a low, unhealthy region of coun-
tty, this temporary camp proved extremely dis-
astrous to our unacclimated troops. Disease and
death invaded our ranks and made sad havoc
among our raw levies. The sound of the muffled
drum, the requiem of some lost companion, was
the doleful music that day by day assailed our
ears and smote upon our hearts. It was during
this trying period that Thomas L. Harris exhib-
ited those qualities of gentleness and humanity
that always accompany true courage in a-iefined
and noble nature. He forgot himself in his de-
votion to others. Day and night he traversed the
camp, from tent to tent, cheering, encouraging,
and consoling his suffering companions. It was
in the discharge of these humane duties, at that
time and place, that he contracted the seeds of that
disease which undermined his health and strength,
and. pursaed him down to a'n untimely grave.
Upon the arrival of our supplies, wo were able to
ascend the river and select a more healthy posi-
tion; and here I was appointed to another com-
mand which separated me for a time from that
brigade. Early in the spring of 1847, we came
together again, at the siege of Vera Cruz. Dur-
ing the pendency of that siege, the deceased ac-
quitted himself with conspicuous courage and gal-
lantry. He commanded aseiect detachment from
the brigade, in a general attack upon the enemy's
outposts, and performed the service with resolu-
tion, sagacity, and intrepidity.
Late in the evening of the 17th of April of the
same year, our brigade of New York and Illinois
volunteers halted at the foot of Cerro Gordo, to
be ready to take an early part in the expected en-
gagement of the next day. On the ground near
where we happened to halt lay three pieces of
artillery—a twenty-four pounder and two twenty-
four pound howitzers, which the engineers had
brought there in the hope of having them placed
in battery on the summit of an adjoining hill, to
be ready to open upon one of the enemy's bat-
teries next morning. Night had fallen before the
attempt could be made; and the darkness of the
night, ant) the precipitous nature ot the ascent,
made them begin to think of abandoning the un-
dertaking as hopeless and impossible. ^ But the
volunteers were not accustomed to consider any-
thing impossible that had been positively ordered
to be done. They manifested the utmost anxiety
to try their strength on the twenty-four pounder;
and as it could do no harm to gratify their wishes,
1 detailed five hundred men, under the command
of Major Harris, to make the experiment. The
experiment was made; and, to the astonishment
of us all, proved completely successful. In tile
darkness of night that huge cannon was hauled
up a rmrged acciivity, the very sight of which
might have deterred them from even making the
attempt, had they been only able to see it in the
full light of day. This little battery of three
piecesof artillery did effective service in the battle
next morning. Our historians make mention of
this as a remarkable feat, and tell us it was per-
formed the night before the battle; but, injustice
to the memory of the dead, I take this occasion
to tell the Senate and the country bjt whom it, was
performed.
Early on the morning of the 18th, our brigade
received orders to advance across rugged, broken
pedrigal, attack the reserve of the Mexican army
under the immediate command of Santa Anna,
and seize the Jalapa road, in order to cut off his
retreat to the capital. This movement was ex-
ecuted with rapidity and success. The attack
was so sudden and unexpected, that Santa Anna
had barely time to effect his escape by flying into
the adjoining w^oods, leaving his carriage, bag-
gage, money, and plate, in the hands of the vol-
unteers. The surprise was so complete that the
whole medical staff of the Mexican army were
surrounded and captured in their hospitals before
they had the slightest suspicion that our troops
were in that vicinity. Throughout this sharp
and spirited engagement there was no officer or
soldier of that brigade who exhibited more daunt-
less courage and brilliant intrepidity than the
gallant man whose untimely loss we this day
deplore.
Mr. President, I considered it due to our past
relations to refer to these incidents of his life, be-
cause they happen to be within my own knowl-
edge. It was like a debt due to the memory of
a deceased friend, which the occasion called upon
me to discharge. It was a sacred offering which
I deemed it my duty to depose upon the tomb of
a deceased companion; and having performed 1
this sad, but sincere and earnest duty, I cannot
think it necessary to refer to his public services
as a statesman. These are part of the history of
the country. They have been handsomely al-
luded to by his distinguished colleague, the Sen-
ator from Illinois. It is sufficient to say, that the
deceased brought to the conduct of public affairs,
on all occasions, the_ same resolute and noble
spirit which he was accustomed to exhibit in the
suffering camp or on the field of battle. May his
spirit rest in peace !
I second the resolutions.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is the custom
of our body, upon the announcement of the death
of one of our brethren, either of this Chamber or
of the other, that the fact should be noticed not
meiely by those who belong to the same imme-
diate section, or who hold very near political or
personal relations to the deceased, but that it
should also be responded to by those who do not
stand exactly in such relations. It is a usage
worthy to be preserved. It speaks to the heart
and to the mind of that which makes us really
one people—fraternity. It speaks, also, to his-
tory of that which I trus- is long to remain, by
the cooperation of men from every portion of our
wide expanded country, the one great object—
the common good of the whole. It belongs, too,
to the civilization of the age, whilst, we raise the
little heap over the remains of the departed, that
we should smoothe every trace of Controversy
which has existed m life, and leave upon the
grave" only the flowers of affection and the cypress
of sorrow.
But mine, sir, is not the performance of that
mere formal task. I come bringing the heart's
offering. Such is my willing contribution to the
pile which affection and justice are rearing to the
memory of the deceased. Each revolving year
nut impresses me more and more with the sense
of obligation for benefits conferred, and the inad-
equacy of the return I have been able to make to
my fellow-men for the kindness which they have
bestowed. This is an instance of that species of
regret. To the deceased I am indebted far ser-
vices which friendship only gives—a friendship
which I had no right to claim or even to expect
from him; services rendered on more than one
occasion, and rendered, too, when it was least
likely 1 should ever know it. It is with me a
matter of deep regret that I never sufficiently man-
ifested to him the gratitude which I felt, and yet
feel. My language would fail me if I were to at-
tempt to express all that I believe of him, and all
i that I think is a just tribute to his memory. My
heart feels what my tongue cannot express. If
it be permitted to spirits in the land of the de-
parted to note the acts of those they have left be-
hind, I trust the tribute which I offer to his mem-
