408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ory will not be unwelcome to his spirit: it is the
tribute of the heart, which I cannot express.
Truly, baa our path of late been strewn with
monitors to the living of the vanity of life's toils
and troubles. One after another of those who
have been connected with us in the labors of leg-
islation, pass away; and as we look back on those,
e most distinguished, are we not solemnly
warned how ephemeral are all our efforts, how
vain are the cares which engross the mind, and
the struggles Which occupy us day and night, to
weave that web which the next breeze may bear
away forever." Thus do we go on toiling singly
and together, alas, but to blow the little bubbles
of our temporary struggles, which the next wave
of the tide of time would bear to oblivion. The
present is an instance which comcs to me with
peculiar impressiveness. The Senator from Il-
linois has well described how his exposure in the
camp, and his toil in the council hastened his
death. In this earnest and excited labor he is but
another instance of the many which surround us,
how far ambition, even leading to misplaced ex-
ertions, robs youth of its spring time, and has-
tens us on prematurely, to the languid step, the
hollow (Sicek, the dimmed eye, which wintry age
alone should bring. Around us, I say, Senators,
are strewn the wrecks which such an encounter
with the storms of life has daily made. Around
us they stand as monitors to the living, and though
silently, yet forcibly do they appeitl to the living
for that tribute which is due to the dead, the of-
fering which patriotism brings when it approaches
the altar where man has sacrificed himself to his
country.
The deceased, both in peace and war,.showed
that he realized that obligation of the citizen of
the Republic which denies that he shall consider
himself as living for his family only. True to
his friends in private life; true to his country m
official position; true to himself, may we not ven-
ture to hope that he has gone to las God to re-
ceive the rewnrd which justice gives to truth and
manliness ? Studious and conscientious, lie was
remarkable for the nceuiacy of his knowledge;
and this gave to him especial value in council.
Long will he be remembered by those who went,
to him as a sort of walking lexicon of current
events, and often must he be missed by them
when they require his aid and counsel. To his
friends sorrow and regret must long remain.
Others may look upon lus career as fulfilling the
measure of his mission; his friends must still
deplore his early loss. The winter of man bus
no returning spring; the flowers wither and fade,
never to bloom again. In tins instance the muf-
fled drum has beaten the las), march of the sol-
dier; the lamp of the statesman is extinguished.
It but remains, then, for the tear of nlfection to
fall upon his grave; for the prayer of patriotism
to follow the spirit of the d< parted, and give to
him that which patriotism <;I.urns for the man who
lived for his country ami died as became it.
The resolutions wore unanimously adopted,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jutin.mj 17, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byron S u n d i ; a l a n o, I J. D.
The Journal of Satui day was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced, as the special com-
mittee, to which was relet red House joint reso-
lution (No. 47) directoj y to the Secretary of War.
respecting certain surveys in Tennessee and Ken-
tucky, Messrs Atkins, Gorxxvg, Claris, of Mis-
souri, Underwood, and Kellogg.
NEW MEMBER QUALIFIED.
Hon. Thomas J Baku, of New York, elected
to fi-li the vacancy occasioned by the resignation
of Hon. John Kelly, appeared and took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
NIGHT SESSIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the question first in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] that the rules be suspended
for the introduction of the following resolution:
Resolved, That during the ensuing two week3 it shall be
in order each day attei to-day for ttio Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to take arecess until seven
o'clock, p. m., after which hour general debate may be in-
dulged in: Provided, That no vote shall be taken at such
evenim,-sessions, except on motions that the committee do
rise and the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the rules being
suspended, the resolution was entertained,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HANNIBAL GRAHAM.
On motion of Mr. KEITT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be discliai «?e<l from the further consideration of the
petition ot Hannibal Graham, and that the same be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the three days, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday, the 20th, and '27th of tins month, be, aud
the same are heieby, sot a^ule tor the consideration of ter-
ntonal business.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the introduction
of the resolution, unless there is a condition at*
tachcd to it that, during the three days named,
there shall be no provision considered for the ad-
mission of new States.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I move
that the iules be* suspended.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not object to the usual
resolution. I only object to that portion of the
gentleman's resolution which may include the ad-
mission of new States.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That I propose
to leave to the decision of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, uf Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will not press his resolution now. If he
does, others may ask to offer and press other prop-
ositions. There is another matter which will be
called to the attention of the House to-day.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
jection to its being postponed, provided it will
come up the first thing next Monday.
The SPEAKER, it will.
DEATH OF IION. T. L. HARRIS.
Mr. MO RIMS, of Illinois. Mr Speaker, by
appointment of my colleagues, I rise to the per-
formance of a difficult and painful duty, difficult
to present the one to whom I am to refer as he
was; difficult to imprint upon t3ic mind his char-
acter, his genius, and his virtues,as exhibited in
an eventful life; painful, as I am to speak of him
whom a family, society, a State, and a nation
mourn; painful, as a star of the first magnitude
has been stricken from the bright constellation of
American statesmen and patriots; painful, as the
loss we deplore is to be measured by an infinity
of time.
When, sir, I look upon the chair, immediately
in front of where I stand, the melancholy reflec-
tion rushes back upon mo with all its chilling and |
startling effect that he who once filled it is repos- ,
ing witli the dead ! Since our last adjournment, !
Major Thomas L. Harius, a Representative on [
this floor from the sixth congressional'district in j
the State of Illinois, has paid nature's great debt, j
and passed from life unto death. He soon foI- |
lowed to the charnel house the lamented member j
from Mississippi, General John A. Quitman, '
who, living, wan his ft tend anil companion-in- |
arms, and who, gone, his fellow-traveler through ;
the dark vaMey which s!r<r<'h.\'< on! beyond the !
bourn of time. Thus, two of the brightest moral
and intellectual lights which shone within the t
circle of these scats, have gone out m darkness :
forever, and our hearts may well be shrouded m j
mourning. j
Perhaps it has never before fallen to this branch
of the national Legislature to weep the death of
two such distinguished men; and their departuie
to the bright land of spirits discloses to us the
vanity of all earthly things, and "what shadows
we are, and what shadows we pursue." "Man
cometh forth like a flower, and is cut down; he
fleeth also as a shadow, and continueth not."
When tossed upon the white-capped waves of a
rough sea, there is no time more profitable to him
than the moment he is performing the last mourn-
ful funeral rites over beloved friends, who have
gone down as sand-drops into eternity. Then
he realizes that he too must soon pass the utter
most verge of life, which skirts the entrance into
another world, and close his eyes upon earth for-
ever. Oh, sir, what a lesson of wisdom we are
taught by the sad and afflicting bereavements
which have overtaken us ! How should they still
the pulsations of anger, and lead us to cultivate
the feeling- that we are brothers in life, and must
be companions in the grave. 1 know full well that
this sentiment actuated the deceased; that there
was a mutual high appreciation of "each other,
which is no matter of astonishment when we re-
flect they were of the same type of men. In manly
attributes; in the mildness and modesty of truest
bravery; in gallant bearing; in the courteousness
of the gentleman; in the generous impulses of the
heart; in physica) and moral courage, two quali-
ties rarely found united in so eminent a degree in
the same persons, they were alike.
Illinois, therefore, asks for herself the right to
mingle her sympathy with Mississippi, and to
drop a tear upon the tomb of her illustrious dead.
The broad and mighty river which sweeps by her
western border pours its waters along the shores,
of the sunny State he loved so passionately and
served so faithfully, and is symbolical of that cur-
rent of public grief which reaches from one to the
other; we claim a common inheritance in his great
name and chivalrous deeds,and the right of bring-
ing to his sepulchcr the grateful tributes of affec-
tion and regard. There is an attribute of human-
ity common to us all—that of sorrow, when the
great and good pass away; and Mississippi mourns
a Harris, while Illinois mourns a GIuitman.
The eulogjums passed upon General Quitman
a few days ago, and which he so well merited,
wrought  >ut from the rarest treasures of the mind,
and cnnched with a literary fragrance, will rest
upon his life and the consecrated spot of his en-
tombment as the mellow sun-hght upon the world
when night is stietching out its dark curtain over
it; and no true son of Illinois will ever desire to
dim the blight effulgence or efface the gorgeous
drapery, but rather to add additional radiance and
beauty to them. I hope the time will never come
when our estimation of sterling character and dis-
tinguished public worth shall be bounded by the
narrow limits of a State, but that we shall always
sec everywhere, all over our extended land, men
of sliming qualities to challenge our admiration
and insure our gratitude. Mississippi, sir, can
cicate no feelings of envy or jealousy in the bo-
som of Illinois, which can induce us to depreciate
her illustrious citizen on account of the place of
his residence; still 1 will notattempt to conceal the
fnet that we feel a just local pride in the recollcc-
I tion of our own Harris; and I only regret that T
! cannot do more to perpetuate and embalm his
j memory than drop a green spii<£ into his grave as
I pass around it in the cortege of mourners; that I
have not words to do justice to his character, or
present a more faithful portraiture of those merits
which adorned his useful and brilliant, but, alas!
too short, carccr. Wo can see, we can realize in
ouras^oeiations with the truly meritorious, scenes
and chaiacteristics which wo cannot describe.
There are a thousand little streams, striking off
at tangents from the main current, which rise at
the same fountain and flow to'thesamc point, that
are difficult to dot on life's map, especially in what
must necessarily be a very brief eulogy; and yet
they arc parts of one beautiful and harmonious
whole.
It was at the instigation of Major Harris that
the Illinois delegation m the Cincinnati conven-
tion cufct their votes iu that body for General
Quitman as the candidate for Vice President; and
had he been standing here where we have so
often seen his erect and manly form, at the mo-
ment his death was announced, none would have
been more anxious than he to do justice to the
great worth and intrepid valor of that deceased
officer. How truly may it be said of them," they
were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in
their death they were not divided."
Major Harris was a native of Connecticut, and
grew up to the stature of manhood among the
hardy and enterprising New Englanders. He was
born at Norwich, in that State, on the 29th day
of October, 1816, and received a collegiate educa-
