1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 28,
ir.ittee to this agricultural report. Have any of
yoifldolted into if? [Cries of " yes! yes!" and
" no! no !"] Some of you then should look into
it before you vote away $40,000 uselessly. The
book is made up of selections from agricultural
works printed years ago, and an article by Pro-
fessor Henry on meteorology, which, I- know, is
scientific; but we might as well send Hebrew Bi-
bles to the farmers of the country as an article,
by bira or any. other professor, on meteorology,
to teach them agriculture. [Laughter.]
Let any gentleman take the book and look
through it, and he will see that it is utterly use-
less as a work on agriculture. If I thought that
it would communicate a single idea to the farmers
of the country that would promote agriculture, I
would vote willingly for the appropriation, but
there is really nothing in the book that is not to
be found in old almanacs, that all farmers have,
and-it is really altogether useless.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if my time is not out, I
want to show how this money is spent. We ap-
propriated $60,000. By the returns which I have
here, seeds were purchased, costing $19,000, and
$11,000 was paid for salaries. Where now is the
other $30,000 appropriated for this purpose, un-
less it is now on hand ? If it is on hand, what is
the use of appropriating $40,000 more ? . All the
seeds purchased last year did not cost $20,000;
the salaries only amounted to $11,000; there must
be an unexpended balance on hand, sufficient to
cover that amount, which seems to be all that
will be required, and I submit, therefore, that no
more is wanted for the coming fiscal year.
Wow, sir, in reference to agricultural informa-
tion, we have had here an agricultural congress,
a third orfourth house, sitting in this city, during
the month of December last.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Delaware, and I trust
this House will see fit not to strike out all of the
appropriation reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means in this bill. It may be well enough
to reduce it somewhat; but, in my opinion, we
should not abandon the system we have com-
menced for the collection of seeds and agricultural
statistics. I do not suppose that all the seeds
distributed by the agricultural part of the Patent
Office have proved valuable or useful in all parts
of the country. I do believe, however, that very
many of them have contributed very largely to
the agricultural interests of the country; and I call
the attention of the committee to the fact that this
small appropriation, made through the agricul-
tural portion of the Patent Office, is the only le-
gislation of this country directly for the benefit of
this great class of people—for interests, sir,.which
lie at the foundation of the whole fabric of the
Republic, We appropriate millions for commerce;
and whenever any pioposition arises here affect-
ing in any degree the interests of commerce, it
has able champions and eloquent defenders on
both sides of the House; but whenever this little
appropriation—the only one for the benefit of the
agriculturists of tlie country—has come up for
action, it has always encountered a perfect storm
of opposition, no fiercer now than in former ses-
sions of Congress.
The appropriation has, 1 believe, sir, vindi-
cated itself before the country. I will notattempt
to enter upon any criticisms or commendations
of the Patent Office agricultural report. I have
not had time to examine it to any considerable
amount. I have received letters, however, from
•severalgentlemen, who are emmentagriculturists,
speaking in high terms of its usefulness and value.
1 presume it will be found to be quite equal in
value and usefulness to any of the volumes of
that portion of the Patent Office report which have
precededit. I have not looked into the figures to
ascertain whether this is the sum which is re-
quired to meet the necessities of this service; but,
eir, 1 would not, by any legislation here, deprive
the agricultural interests of the country of the
only benefit which they derive from the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. BLISS. I ask the gentleman from New
York whether it is not a fact, that almost one
half the inventions for which patents are obtained
are not for agricultural implements?
Mr. KELSEY. I believe that is so. There is
another fact to which I desire to call the attention
of the committee. The agricultural part of the
Patent Office has introduced, for general cultiva-
tion, the Chinese sugar-cane, which, but for the
distribution made in pursuance of these appropri-
ations of Congress, would hardly have been
generally known at this time, and which is now
cultivated to a very considerable extent in the
middle and western States. I contend that, if we
had derived no other benefit from the funds we
appropriated for the distribution of seeds, the
benefit we have derived from that source alone
would amply repay the country for all that has
been expended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHITELBY, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BLISS. I propose to offer an amendment
in good faith—to reduce the amount of this ap-
propriation to §5,000. I do it to state what I
understand to nave been the original object of
making these appropriations, and to see whether
we will return to that object. The object could
not have been to initiate an agricultural depart-
ment, to force this Government into the business
of agriculture or seed merchandise. I concur
with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gar-
nett,] as to the constitutionality of such objects,
as well as their expediency. We have no right
to engage in private business, agricultural or
other. We do not distribute mechanical tools or
devices, or have any mechanical department, ex-
cept as I will show. Neither do we distribute
designs or patterns, or specimens of manufac-
tures. Business of that kind comes not within
the legitimate functions of this Government. All
we can do is to exercise out legitimate powers as
to incidentally benefit all branches of industry.
We can directly do but vc.ry little for agriculture.
There is not a State, ail efficient State agricul-
tural society in this Union, that has not done ten
times as much to foster the interests of agricul-
ture as this Federal Government ever has done,
or can do, by the means proposed. The foster-
ing of agricultural interests is no part of the busi-
ness of this Government, except so far as it can
be done through its specific powers, the protec-
tion of commerce, and the protection of inventors,
agricultural and others. Agriculture has a greater
interest in commerce than any other mechanical
employment; and its efficient protection builds up
the farmer more than any other class. So of in-
ventions. That class of patents that include agri-
cultural implements and improvements is the
largest of all. So far, we may and should pro-
mote agriculture; but that isa very different thing
from granting largesses, doing by Government
what men should always do for themselves.
But I suppose the original object of making a
small appropriation for the distribution of seeds,
&c.—about one thousand dollars at first—was to
enable consuls, and other commercial and naval
agents of the Government scattered throughout
the world, to introduce new varieties of animals,
as well as seeds, that may be found in the coun-
tries to which they may be sent. So far as the
expenditure of a small amount for this purpose is
concerned, I think it is legitimate. It is incidental
to commercial agencies m doing, through them,
what the citizen cannot do; and may do substantial
good. It is altogether another thing from our
present agricultural department, and is liable to
none of its abuses.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
complains that so large an amount has been spent
by the Government for the protection of com-
merce, and so small an amount for the protection
of agriculture. I would say to the gentleman
from New York, that almost the sole object of
this Confederation—for it is not a nation, not-
withstanding the fact that gentlemen are pleased
to call themselves national—is the regulation
which includes the protection of commerce. That
is what we are here for; and in protecting it, we
give more incidental protection to agriculture than
any other interest. My complaint is, that we
neglect to protect agriculture by protecting com-
merce. Give us our harbor and river improve-
ments, and we will buy our own seeds, raise our
own crops, and till them, too, without any of
your help. That you refuse; and seek to make
it up by distributing, gratis, a few seeds and a
few books. Give us our rights; give us what the
Constitution requires you to give; and we will
buy our own seeds, and books, too, and better
ones than you can furnish. 'So far as the direct
aid1 to agriculture is'concerned—and I presume I
represent a larger number of farmers, in propor-
tion .to the population of my district, than any
man on this floor; but, so far as they are con-
cerned, they are independent of the Federal Gov-
ernment; the ** Union may slide" any day, and
they would hardly know it, so far as their pecu-
niary interests are concerned. They look to the
States only for all the direct protection which
they had in the execution of their business. They
look to their own exertions; to agricultural books
and papers; to the encouragement of State and
county societies, fostered by State legislation
alone, for the furtherance of agricultural knowl-
edge. They did not send me here to distribute
seeds, good or bad. I have sent home everything
furnished me; butdonot think I have madeafriend
or an enemy by it. They have no faith in the
system, and are not to be caught by chaff, even
with a few seeds in it. They desire no such ap-
propriations from this Government, except, per-
haps, a small one for carrying out the objects
which I have mentioned, to obtain such new seeds
and animals from foreign countries as are beyond
their reach. You could not inflict on them a
greater curse than to teach dependence on this
federation. Dependence always makes paupers.
I have no special fault to find with the Patent
Office report. I do not agree with gentlemen who
have characterized it as a useless and worthless
work. As far as I have been able 'to examine it
for the last year, it is as good as the average of
its predecessors; perhaps as good as could be
gotten up here, in a city like this, where political
influences so largely predominate. Neither do 1
find fault with the seeds. Some very good ones
have been distributed. It is the system I com-
plain of; the reduction of the people to vassalage
by largesses; this imitation of the old despotism;
taking care of the people instead of protecting
them from interference in taking care of them-
selves. What is given to people does thera no
good—only creates dependence.
Mr. KELSEY. The sugar-cane seed has done
good.
Mr. BLISS. I admit it has. But the same
would have been better done without Government
agency. The seed distributed was not imported,
but raised in this District, and bought at a high
price for distribution. Had Government let it
alone, it would have reached all who will ever be
benefited by it through the natural channels of
commerce. Our duty ends when we protect and
improve those channels. By engaging in the seed
trade, or, what is worse, in seed donations, we
cripple the regular dealer,and weaken his power
to supply the farmer and gardener. Hands off,
and this business will be better done than we can
possibly do it.
I offer the amendment in good faith; and desire
to test the sense of the committee, to see whether
we will return to the original object of the appro-
priation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KEITT. I oppose the amendment form-
ally rather than otherwise, for I agree in much
that the gentleman has said, as I agree in what
has been said by my friend from Virginia. This
question is somewhat embarrassing. I know
very well that our fleets traverse every sea, and
visit every shore, and they are authorized and
required to bring back flower-seed and other'seed,
and when they are brought back, the question is
as to their distribution.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Does the
gentleman say that our ships are required to
bring back seeds ?
Mr. KEITT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Authorized
and required by whom ?
Mr. ICEITT. Bylaw. I so understand.
Mr. CLAY. It is.made the duty of every con-
sul and foreign agent who goes abroad to send
seeds to this country.
Mr. KEITT. That 1 understand to be the fact.
The question is as to their distribution. In that
view I can see some justice and applicability in
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. Be-
yond that I see nothing in this appropriation.
Gentlemen have said that the manufacturers of
the country are protected and not the agricultur-
ists. Well, sir, we have trained the manufactur-
ers too long to appeal to the Governmentfor boun-
ties. I do not want the agricultural interest of
