1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
the country to look to Congress for anything, but
hands off. 1 represent no other interest but that,
and I would not have my constituents come to
look to this Government as an eleemosynary es-
tablishment in any particular for anything. Sir,
we want nothing of the kind. As to your agri-
cultural reports, 1 believe that they are worthless.
They contain but a smattering of speculations
upon agriculture.
Look at this as a mere matter of policy. Who
can send seeds to more than one out of ten of his
constituents? And where you send to that one,
are you not likely to estrange the other nine? I
put that question to gentlemen; for I do not care
about them—I do not send them, and I will not
send them. I will not send home cork-oak acorns,
and Jumping Johnnies. I have sent a few of these
things, and 1 thought I was sending something
valuable; but I was afterwards told that I only
sent nut-grass seed—[laughter]—a seed worth-
less and ruinous to all planters. Without exam-
ining our constitutional power, I oppose this
thing merely on the ground of policy, because it
is inutile.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOMPKINS. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
that motion will be agreed to. We can cut off
this five-minute debate, and thus get through this
bill to-night."
The House divided—and there were ayes sixty-
one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand tell-
ers; we can again return into committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw the demand for tellers.
We will try and get along with this bill without
debate. "
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. TOMPKLNS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew it. I never knew
this garden-seed question to come up that it did
not give rise to a four hours' debate.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. BLISS. I modify my motion so that it
■will provide for $10,000; instead of $5,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by adding
#1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to make a few remarks
in reply to the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Keitt.] He says that he desires no sort
of protection for his constituents and their inter-
ests. 1 would like to know if the gentleman for-
gets that the entire legislation of the country for
the last fifteen years has been for the protection
of the interests of his constituents? Does he re-
quire at the hands of Congress a law requiring
lis, at the expense of the whole nation, to follow
Ins property, the production of his peculiar insti-
tution, into every State of the Union? Does it
not protect it from foreign competition?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I want to
know what the nigger question has to do with
agricultural seeds?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
are out of order; they are not pertinent to the
amendment.
[Cries of "Gluestion !" "Question !"]
Mr. DAWES withdrew his amendment.
Mr. .TONES, ofTennessee. I desire to amend
the section by adding the following proviso:
Provided, Tiiat no part of this appropriation shall be used
or expended in detiaymg the expenses ot a body of men or
delegate?-, assembled in Washington or elsewhere, as an
agricultural congress, or advisory board on agriculture, con-
vened under orders or by authority ot the Secretary of the
Interior, or any other person under any name, or for any
pretended object whatever.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the*Secretary of the Interior has transmitted an
account of the costs of these seeds, under the act
of last session of Congress?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The law does not
require the report to be made to Congress. It re-
quires the Commissioner to submit a copy of the
invoices to the Secretary of the Interior at the
commencement of each session of Congress. I
desire, in this connection, to remark that I think
the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Whiteley]
did injustice, a short time ago, to the Commis-
sioner of Patents when he referred to the exhibit.
That exhibit only embraces five months, while
the appropriation was made for the entire year;
and it is manifest that purchases have been made
since the 1st of December.
Mr. NICHOLS. Does the Chair hold the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee to
be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is always held that a
limitation on money appropriations is in order.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee; and it was agreed to*
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, t move to
amend the section by reducing the amount #1,000.
I think that much injustice has been done to the
gentleman connected with the Patent Office. I
know the committee is impatient to vote on this
bill, and I will not intrude upon its time. There
is no more competent officer than the gentleman
who presides over the Patent Office. He is in-
defatigable in the discharge of his public duties,
is of high integrity, and remarkable competency.
I regretted very much to hear the remarks of the
gentleman from Delaware, in commenting on the
character of the Patent Office report.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman's remarks are not pertinent
to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not de-
bating his amendment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I propose to
proceed in order, regardless of what the gentle-
man from Alabama may say.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will regard
what the Chair says; and if he be outof order, I
will call him to order.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The gentle-
man may call me to order; but I propose to pro-
ceed in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland wilt speak in explanation of his amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I am proceed-
ing strictly in order. I was undertaking to show
that the appropriations for these agricultural
seeds and statistics should necessarily be larger
than they were at first, on accountof the increase
of the business and of the expansion of the coun-
try. Without going into the constitutional ques-
tion, I will say, that our constituents will not be
pleased with our sweeping away this system.
Now, sir, if there are abuses, correct them. If
the whole of this $60,000 is misapplied and ap-
propriated to the payment of clerks and other
persons engaged in the Department, it may be
corrected. It cannot be expected that the whole
of the $60,000 will be applied to the purchase of
seeds and cuttings. You must have clerks. Now,
there has been a vast amount of seed distributed
through the country by the representatives of the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland pro forma.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Craige, of North Carolina, to strike out the
whole clause.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige, of
North Carolina, and Buffinton, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
^ayes 46, noes 79,
So the amendment was rejected. *
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend by adding as follows:
Provided, That members of Congress shall not be author-
ized to transmit tiie fceeda through the mails.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have not said anything
upon this seed proposition during this debate be-
fore, because I have mounted it successively for
the last three or four years whenever it has been
presented. 1 consider it a great abuse.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order. The effect of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is to change existing law,
and, therefore, it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Very well;
then I change the language of the amendment, so
that it shall read:
That it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Patents
to distribute the seeds, and not that of members of Oon-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. That amendment also changes
the existing law.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Why is it
the sole prerogative of members of Congress to
distribute seeds? . . '
Tlie CHAIRMAN. , The Ch&ir understands
that to be the present requirement of the Jaw.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucjcy* Why* sir,
he has given us nothing but gourd seeds ^dis-
tribute. [Laughter.]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to amend by
increasing the appropriation to $1,875, in the fol-
lowing clause of the bill:
" For hire of carts on1 the public grounds $1,095 50."
If gentlemen will listen -to me for a single mo-
ment, they will not object to this amendment.
While gentlemen have been discussing the pro-
priety of the large appropriations foq coast sur-
vey purposes and for the distribution of seeds,
&c., my attention has been called to a couple of
poor laborers in public grounds, whose pay is
entirely insufficient. These two men are now
required to furnish each a horse and cart, and the
entire pay of each, including his horse and cart,
is only $1 75 a day, a compensation which is in-
sufficient to pay the expenses of keeping the
horses and of subsisting the men, to say nothing
of the cost of keeping the carts in repair, and they
receive no other pay whatever. Now, sir, gen-
tlemen will concur with me that that pay is wholly
inadequate. I propose, therefore, that their com-
pensation be raised to two dollars a day. They
get no pay for Sundays, or any day when they
are not on duty.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Arkansas whether the effect of his
amendment is simply to raise the pay of these
men to two dollars per day?
Mr. GREENWOOD. That is the sole effect
of the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I am fbr it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to amend, at the close
of the following paragraph of the bill:
For lighting the Capitol and President's Rouse, the pub-
lic grounds around them and around the Executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, and Bridge and High streets, in
Georgetown, $43,000."
By adding as follows:
For lighting with gas Fout and a half, Seventh, and
Twelfth streets, across the pubJie mall, §7,000.
I will simply say that we have made an appro-
priation for lamp-posts for these streets in that
locality, but none for gas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. By direction of the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, I move to insert the fol-
lowing amendment:
For making cases and fitting up rooms in the Patent Office
buiidmg, to receive copy-right books, charts, and other
copy-rig^t matter, and for transfer, rearranging, and taking
care of the same, $3,600.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that in order?
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the Clerk to read the
communication of the Secretary of the Interior I
have in my hand.
Objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be not in order.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the House will be
pleased to hear the letter read.
Objection was made.
Mr. PETTIT. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PETTIT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To enable the Secretary of tlR Interior to purchase of
Messrs. Little, Brown & Cp. two thousand copies of the
eleventh volume of the United States Statutes at Large, for
distribution agreeably to the act of Congress directing the
distribution of the other voiumes, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I move to amend by insert-
ing:
For public reservatioa number two, and Lafayette square,
$2,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to sub-
mit that amendment. It is $1,000 less than the
estimates; and it is tile only provision made for
those squares.
The amendment was agreed to.
