410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
January 17,
nor to awaken unpleasant reminiscences; but I
could not suppress them and do justice to the
heroic character of my departed friend. This
noble, self-sacrificing act, similar to the one he
Eerformed on the 2d day of November last,when
e was carried to the polls on an expiring bed to
give his last vote in support of the same great
cause, stamps him at once as an inflexible patriot,
whose care was for the welfare of his country-
men; and I may, with great justice and propriety,
add, we shall seldom look upon his like again.
He was, indeed, one whom Providence seemed
to present as a model, the richest and rarest spe-
cimen of its creation, impressed with a delicacy of
coloring, beauty of outline, and grandness of pro-
portion necessary
" To give the world assurance of a man."
But all his labors of life are over. Consump-
tion laid its slow and wasting hand upon him,
and the lamp of his existence gradually expired.
On Wednesday, the 24th day of November, 1858,
at six o'clock in the morning, in the bosom of his
family, and surrounded by friends, he bade atlieu
to earth; and
"jfe' er to the chambers where the mighty rest,
Since their foundation came-a nobler guest;
Nor e'er was to the bowers of bliss conveyed,
A fairer spiut or more welcomc shade."
Although the deceased was not a member of
any Christian denomination, he practiced every-
Christian virtue, believed in the great truths of the
Gospel, was free from human vices, and died in
the triumph of a Christian faith, at peace with
all, and without any fear of the future. The only
regret he expressed at leaving the world was the
separation from his family. Just at the moment
his spirit was about to wing its departure, with
a look of sublime trustand confidence, betokening
that all was well with him, he laiscd his eyes
heavenward, and then turning them with touch-
ing sorrow to his despairing wife, said to her:
" Wife, trust in God—fie will befriend you," re-
peating* even twice. These were his last words;
and who can doubt that as he bowed his head m
death his soul was impressed with the resigning
sentiment:
" God of the just—Thou ^nvest 1 ho bitter cup;
i bow to thy behest, uud drink it up."
The moral character of Major Harris was
never subjected to one single reproach; and his
uniform exemplary conduct was the admiration of
all who knew him. He was at once a philoso-
pher and Christian; a sold ior and statesman; a phi-
lanthropistand patnot;and itvud as al! men wished
they had lived when they come to die. The loss
of such a one is a £reat national calamity; and
I hazard nothing in saying it is so regarded by
every memberof this House We ail realize that
a strong man has fallen; that one of the truest,
the purest, and Ivm 01 citizcns ami patriots is lost
to society and talus couniiy; lhai a statesman
is gone, who, while Ins nationality was never
doubted, was struuly a fc>tatoa-t ijhts man, never
distrusting the pooplr, bat believing thorn the
safest depositary of power, and alwnys in favor
of extending to them the lai; est hbei ty compati-
ble with constitutional obligations. Such was his
Democracy.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are incidents and as-
sociations connected with the life of the departed
of more intense and thnlhng interest to others
than any we can feel; and holier ties have been
sevoied than bound him to us. Subsequent to his
location m Illinois he mamcd Maty J-, the intel-
lectual and accomplished daughter of James Dir-
ickson, Esq , an old and highly respected citizen
of Berlin, Worcester county, Maryland; and what
is our bei eiu f mcnt compaied to that which has
befallen her and those little ones lie left behind?
It is, sir, as the giain of mustard seed to the
mountain; the rain-drop to the ocean; the snow-
flake to the storm. The blow fell upon them with
crushing and ovoi powering effect. They saw
death enter the sanctuary of their home and strctch
out his cold, dark wmdnig-sheet towards him,
upon which was w lit ten " no hope J no hope /" and
henceforth to each the world was void, with not
a single oasis in all its wide and dreary extent to
gladden the eye or rejoice the heart.
As they look out upon it now, they no more
behold the sunlight of their affection. They saw
him sink into that boundless eternity winch lies
beyond the grave, and then clouds and darkness
gathered over their pathway. He was of more
value than all the earth besides to them; for it was
in the domestic circle where he shone the bright-
est and was the most beloved. An intelligent and
esteemed lady, who knew him well, once remarked
of him, that he was the best husband and father
she ever knew. This observation tells the whole
story! To go further would only be to invade the
sacred precinct of the fireside, and aggravate those
sorrows which have, torn from their very roots
the heart-strings of life. I would ngt, sir, for the
world, add one additional pang to the anguish
which has crushed a family s hope. Their grief
is too hallowed for remark—their loss too great
to be measured; and may He who ** tempers the
wind to the shorn lamb" be to them a father and
a friend." I received, sir, but a few days ago, a
most kind and pathetic letter from his sorrow-
ing and afflictcd widow;^and, although it was in-
tended for my eye alone, I am sure she will par-
don me—I know the House will pardon me—if I
read two or three sentences from it. None can
so truthfully testify to his virtues and his worth
as she who was the partner of his toils; the re-
cipient of his confidence; the object of his love;
the joy of his life; and the ministering angel who
stood by him in his dying hour, to cheer him with
the consolation of that glorious immortality which
awaits the ransomed in the celestial world.
" If you, [s>he lemarks,] seeing and knowing hun only as
a friend, can speak Ins praises, how much more can J, his
wife, before whom every thought, every wish of his heait
was laid bare as tiie noon day &ua—I who have foi years*
dwelt in the light of his pmile, been the daily icnpient of
such thoughtful kindnesses ay natures like his only are ca-
pable of bestowing? As son, husband, father, and fiietid,
there was nothing wanting. In each and evcty relation
in life his character was one beautiful whole. To tho*e lie
employed, 1 have richer known hnn to speak even har>bly.
His children knew him only as another playmate, the leader
of fun and frolic ; and >et he had only to speak, and have
the moht perfect obedience. To me, his wife—I can write
no tnoie. Memories of happy houm, now fled forever, come
thronging before me. Sir, tins i-> a heavy sorrow. It is vciy
difficult to see the 1 silver lining to the cloud.' "
One fact, Mr. Speaker, connectpd with myself,
has caused singular emotions in rny mind. Twelve
years ago, when a member of the Legislature of
my adopted State, one of my colleagues in that
body, a most worthy and good man, was cut down
by the hand of death; and now another in the Na-
ti >nal Congress has fallen before the same ruthless
destroyer, while I have been kindly spared. The
death of Major tlAiiaib, under all the circumstan-
ces, quite overpowers me, and iknow not whither
to turn for consolation. He was my friend;" faith-
ful and just to mi';"and I shall not soon have such
another. I feel, sir, deeply feel, my lone, solitary
condition; that i tread life'sdeck without his sup-
porting arm to sustain me. His friendship welled
up from the overflowing fountains of the heart,
and was as pure as the waters which gushed from
Horeb when touched by the rod of Moses. But
he has gone,g*one with all his virtues; with al! his
noble and geneious impulses-, with his spotless
integrity; with his manly attributes; with his
warm and genial attachments; with Ins high en-
dowments; with all the great and i^ood qualities
which adorned his character;go/ie/ down to the
cold and silent grave! and we cannot bring him
back jgam 1 With him the great struggle is over;
the drama of existence ended, and the curtain
fatten to rise no more forever.
u lie's closed hi* day of battle toil,
couijh; on e.uth n done;
Let hun -dumber m the '-oil1'
To freedom's eau.-e, nobly won.
But though he has passed through the narrow
house appointed for all the living, and is now
upon the other side of life's boundary, ho has left
to us the pleasing and consoling belief that he has
realized the truth, in ccelo quies.
Mr. Speaker, I otter the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heaid with det-p i^gret of
the death of the Hon. Thomas L (Iarkis, late a member
oi tin- House fiom the State of Illinois.
llcsohcd, That, a; a testimonial of n>pect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the members of tins House will wear
the u-ual badge oi mourning for Unity flays.
Hesoired, That the proceedings of tne" Ilou^e upon the
announcement of the death of Hon. Thomas I,. Harris,
be communicated, by tile Clerk, to the tamily of the de-
ceased.
Rpsolved. That as a fuither mark of rcspect for the mera-
Oiy of the dccua^od, tins llou-e do now udjourn.
Ordered, That the Cierk communicate the foiegoingres-
olutions to the Senate.
Mr. CLAftK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
rise, sir, for the purpose of seconding the resolu-
tions proposed by the honorable gentleman from
Illinois in remembrance of his deceased colleague;
and if, sir, I cunsulted alone the feelings of a
heart oppressed with an unusual grief, I would
rather go weep m solitude and silence. No words
that I can utter can lessen the weight of the cal-
amity that has fallen upon the country and upon
ourselves. No language which I can employ can
brighten the fame which has been eclipsed by the
hand of death.
But it is my privilege, sir,to prolong for a few
moments the contemplation of the character and
virtues of him of whose untimely loss this sti'icken
assemblage is already apprised. It was my for-
tune, sus, to have first met Mr. Harris at the late
session of Congress, and to have had my eye first
rest upon him when, in yonder Hall, upon occa-
sion of the announcement of the death of a dis-
tinguished son of South Carolina, he rose in his
place and spoke of the deceased Senator in the
language of just and merited praise. I shall never
forget, Mr. Speaker, the impression wrought
upon my mind when looking upon him as he then
stood before us, I saw that premature age had
settled upon the brow and form of youth. I re-
member well how he alluded exultingly to our na-
tional progress and to the men who had watched
and guarded our early destinies, and reminded us
of the mournful truth that from time to time one
after another of these great lights disappear from
their watch over our political safety. I heard
lum, in his clear and strong voice, say
<■ 'Tis sad. in the moment of glory and song,
To see while the lull-tops aie waiting the sun,
The ghtteimg band that kept watrh all night fong,
O'er love and o'er slumber, go out one by one."
**********
"And the crowd of bright names in the heaven of fame,
Giow pale and are quenched as the years hasten on."
I remember, sir, how, in tones of solemn earn-
estness, he told us all, at the very threshold of
our session, that, m a few short months, or years
at most, our strifes and struggles would be over;
and how he advised us all to seek alone that hon-
orable fame which flows from a faithful discharge
of the duties of life, and thus secure a record of
which our children need never be ashamed.
Mr. Speaker, it may have been the force of the
imagination, but I thought I saw reposing upon
his brow7, and gleaming in his eye, the presenti-
ment of early death.
• I never made his acquaintance until the allot-
ment of our seats threw us in proximity; but
from the first hour I knew him, I began to derive
that high appreciation of his character which the
review to which we have listened shows to have
been accuiatc and just.
1 leave to those who are more familiar, the re-
cital of the details of his eventful life, and shall
speak of him as we saw him in our midst but a
little wlule ago. Here in the presence of those
who knew him so well, and who witnessed his
daily walk, it is needless to use the language of
eulogy, or to speak of the living patriotism which
throbbed in every pulsation of his heart. He
must have impressed us all alike. Who among
us fails to remember his uniform calmness and
dignity; his fixedness of purpose; his inexorable
resolve; and his exhibition of* all the varied traits
that go to form the honest, earnest, able man?
He appeared to be governed in his course by a
sincerity that admitted of no question; by a zeal
unusual, and by an integrity upon which suspi-
cion ncvereven castits glance. His acts ail seemed
to be regulated by the teachings of well-defined
reason, and what is more than all, his pathway
seemed to be illumined by the clear light of con-
science.
I am not informed, Mr. Speaker, of the extent
to which religious impressions had molded ,the
chaiacter of our friend; but I may be permitted
to refer to an incident in our personal intercourse
which illustrates the man, and gives strong assur-
ance that his feet were guided by light from on
high.
During the midst of the exciting scenes of the
session, I was one day informed that he was so
ill that he would probably never rise from his bed.
I had never visited him, but impelled by a strong
sympathy for one who had demeaned himself so
well, I called at his residence. It was in the dusk
of the evening. The servant who received me at
the door answered to my inquiries that he was very
low, and that it was deemed inadvisable to permit
him to hold much conversation. I entered his
apartments, and had scarcely seated myself, when
