1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J.49S
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have no
objection to that; but I think there is no neces-
sity to put it m. The Congress of the United
States, at its last session, adopted this proviso;
and the only reason why it should be put in here
is, that it was attached to an appropriation bill.
But I fear that it will not live beyond this fiscal
year unless it is reenacted. It will be remem-
bered that at the last session you raised a select
committee upon that subject. That committee
are now ready to report whenever you are ready
to hear them. 'All I desire to say is, that the
matter shall stand as it is now until Congress shall
see fit to make further provision on the subject.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I now move to strike out the
enacting clause; and call for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bonham
and Nichols were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56, noes 77.
So the enacting clause was not stricken out.
Mr. GrARNETT. I move to amend by reduc-
ing the appropriation from §400,000 to $125,000.
I can well conceive, Mr. Chairman, that this
committee may not be willing to stop entirely the
work on this building; but I submit the proposi-
tion that, in consideration of the condition of the
finances of the country, we shall appropriate an
amount' sufficient to protect the work and carry it
on slowly, f think the building will sufterno in-
jury by this course. The work is of the most
solid and durable kind. Then, when we have
money in the Treasury which we can spare, we
may go on and finish it. At the suggestion of
gentlemen near me, I will increase the amount to
$150,000; and I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan and
Scott were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was.rejected.
Mr. WHITELEY, I move the following
amendment:
For completing the Washington aqueduct, to supply the
Capitol and other public buildings, and' the public grounds,
with water, $250,000.
Mr. DEAN. Is that in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is in order.
Mr. WHITELEY. It is known that the aque-
duct is nearly completed. Colonel Thayer says
that this amount will complete it; and the engi-
neer in charge says that, if it is not appropriated,
the work will be injured, and liable to dilapida-
tion, resulting in a still increased cost for its com-
pletion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why did not the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means estimate for it?
Mr. WHITELEY. The estimates are from
the Department.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire tostate thatwhen
the last appropriation was made for this aque-
duct, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means stated that no more appropriation
would be asked. Now, sir, the officer having this
work in charge, asks for ten per cent, on his ori-
ginal estimate. I regard that sum as enormous,
and, for one, I am not disposed to vote for it.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit the amendment
which I send up to the Clerk's desk.
_ Mr. KELSEY. The Chair has two or three
times ruled that it is not in order to move a bill
pending before the House as an amendment. The
gentleman has sent up an enrolled bill to be read
as an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman's point is
not applicable, because the bill is not before the
House. My amendmentis germane to the prop-
osition offered by the gentleman from Delaware.
If that proposition is adopted, then this amend-
ment ought to be attached to it. I am willing, if
it is agreed I shall have the floor afterwards, to
yield now. I do not wish to detain the commit-
tee with any discussion.
Mr. LETCHER. I will move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Delaware; for
I want information i
|j Mr. BURNETT. I yield only with the under-
|j standing that, if the amendment of the gentleman
j, from Delaware be voted in, 1 shall have an oppor-
. tunity of-moving my amendment.
| Mr. LETCHER. I move to reduce the appro-
j priation $249,000.
[ Mr. Chairman, I move that amendment for the
j purpose of inquiring of the gentleman from Del-
j aware where that $250,000 is to be expended upon
j this aqueduct line ?
Mr. WHITELEY. It is not for me to say
where it shall go. It is my impression, however,
that it is not to go for land damages, but for the
building of a span to complete the work.
Mr. LETCHER. It is to go to build a bridge
upon this water line.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman's amendment is, to reduce the appropria-
tion $249,000; and I make the point that he must
confine Ins remarks to his amendment.
Mr. LETCHElt. I will do that. I intend to
show, so far as I can, that this $250,000 is not
necessary, and, therefore, that the reduction of
$849,000 is proper. As I understand the gentle-
man from Delaware, this is for building a bridge,
a drawing of which he has on his desk. As has
been remarked by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Barksdale,] we were informed last
year that the $1,000,000 then appropriated would
complete this aqueduct. That was my under-
standing, clearly and distinctly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The then chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means made that
statement to me in reply to a question I put to
him.
Mr. LETCHER. And the only question which
was left open, where it was said monej would be
required for any purpose connected with this
aqueduct, was the damages to be assessed for the
use of the water at the Palls of the Potomac.
They come here at this session, and instead of
asking for an appropriation to cover land dam-
ages, which have been ascertained by a jury to
be upwards of one hundred thousand dollars,
they ask for $250,000 to build a bridge on the line
of the work. With this sort of calculation, and
this sort of estimate, when is the work ever to be
done; and what is to be the cost of it when it is
done? I trust the appropriation will be reduced.
[Here the hammer fell.] 1
Mr. WHITELEY. I do not ask to detain the
committee more than a moment. I am not sure
where this money is to go. All I can say is, that
Colonel Thayer, of the engineers, puts it, "for
completing the aqueduct." I maybe mistaken
in saying that no part of it goes towards the
payment of land damages, lam assured by the
officer in charge that the appropriation is abso-
lutely necessary to keep the work from going to
ruin.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to propose to
the committee to vote in this appropriation of
$250,000 for the completion of the aqueduct. Let
it go to the House and we will have an opportu-
nity of voting on it by yeas and nays, where
every gentleman can express his will in regard
to it.
Mr. TOMPKINS. There is no prospect of
getting through this bill to-night, and I therefore
move that tlie committee rise.
Mr. MORGAN. I have been here twelve hours
and a half, and that is as long as I want to stay.
Mr. TOMPKINS. So have I.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I offer the fol- -
lowing amendment:
Provided, That the material used in completion of said
aqueduct, shall be of American manufacture.
Much was said during the last campaign, gf the
materials used in the construction of this aque-
duct, by our political opponents in Pennsylvania.
I heard of it repeatedly, and waited here patiently-
expecting to hear some gentlemen on the Opposi-
tion side of the House refer to it.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The remarks of the gen-
tlemen are not pertinent to his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I desire here,
in this amendment, to carry out the doctrines ad-
vocated by these gentlemen in the last campaign.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I rise to a question of or-
der.
Mr. GROW. I hope my colleague will be
allowed to explain ail about the Scotch pipes.
[Laughter.]
The question was taljefl,; and Mr. Jo.ves's
amendment was rejected. -
Mr. AVERY. I move to amend by adding to
the item for the Posi Office, extension, the'follow-
ing proviso: . , . ,
Promded, That *io part of the mont-y herein appropriated
stoaii be expended under the direction of any officer o!
Mr. Chairman, I offer thisjimendment in good
faith, and sincerely hope it will pass* i wish,;sir,
too, to put upon record my protest against what
seems to be a growing policy—of appointing
Army officers to superintend the erection ana
construction of the public buildings of the coun-
try. Whilst I entertain as high a regard for the
Army, and the officers of the Army,as any gen-
tleman upon this floor, I must say that I am op-
posed" to their being appointed to these positions
over the practical mechanic—the architect who
has spent his whole life in the study not only of
the theory, but the practice, of his profession.
Officers educated at West Point are schooled in
the arts of war, in the construction of fortifica-
tions, in the erection of forts; but what, I ask, do
they know, or can they know, about the con-
struction and erection of court-houses,- custom-
houses, post offices, or any other building of this
character, without practical experience? This
policy, in my judgment, works a great hardship
upon the rights of the great mechanical class of
this country. They are superseded. They tira
shut out from having any part in these highly
important and responsible positions. They are
thus cut off from an opportunity of distinguishing
themselves in these great national fields of their
peculiar profession.
Sir, there are mechanics, civil engineers,-and
architects in my district, in my city, far more
competent to fill these important offices of public
trust—to superintend, direct, and control the
erection of public buildings, be they great or
small—than any Army officer can possibly be;
Those gentlemen educated at West Point leam
only the theory of a profession, which the en-
lightened architect or civil engineer knows by
practice. As well might the planter, in' employ-
ing an overseer to manage his plantation, discard
all applicants who were farmers by profession,
and employ only such as know theory, and no
practice—a book farmer. What would be thought
of such a planter? I am for opening this great
theater for the development of talent, skill, and
genius, wide to the free competition and advance-
ment of the working, practical mechanics all over
this nation. Sir, they are everywhere, in every
city; and in their behalf I protest against their
being superseded by Army officers.
There is another idea connected with this sub-
ject. The profession of the Army, the study or'
war and the arts of war, naturally inculcates a
notion to order, to command imperatively, which,
to the undisciplined civilian, smacks of tyranny;
which the honest, industrious, intelligent me-
chanic, with his inborn American notions of
equality and independence, cannot brook.
I am for the Army in its place. I am proud of
the American Army, its officers and its men. It
has shed immortal luster on the American name.
But give unto the Army the things that are the
Army's, and unto the civilians the things thatare
the civilians'. I did not intend, Mr. Chairman,
to detain the committee, at this late hour, but a
moment. 1 hope the amendment wiil be adopted.
Mr. BONHAM. I am not very familiar with
the studies pursued at West Point; but if I am
not much deceived, the cadets study architecture.
And I think my honorable friend frorti Tennes-
see will find it difficult to produce any man in civil'
life who has exhibited more architectural skill (to
say nothing as to the decorations of the Hall)
than the gentleman who has had charge of this
building.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, amid great laugh-
ter, waived his arms in deprecation of the mode
in which the Hall was constructed and decorated.
Mr. BONHAM. If the honorable member
from Tennessee had heard my remarks, he would
have perceived that I say nothing in advocacy of
the decoration of this Hall. In his opposition to
the decorations he loses sight of the architectural
excellencies of the structure, which are probabjy
unsurpassed by anything on this continent.
