412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
good men aspire, " they will find that here on
earth they were working each for the other's
cause; that every well-delivered blow;which, with
an honest purpose, any mortal ever struck, even
for a narrow object, was indeed stricken for the
universal cause of good; and that they who now
deem themselves antagonistic by creed, profes-
sion, or country, will hereafter, when looking
back over the world's wide harvest-field, find
that, in unconscious brotherhood, they have been
helping to bind the self-same sheaf?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
as the colleague, and as one of the members from
Illinois, longest associated here with Major Har-
ris, whose death has awakened our sensibilities,
and whose loss we all so much deplore, I desire
to ask the indulgence of the House for a single
moment, while I gratefully add my testimony to
that which has been so justly borne to the charac-
ter and services of the distinguished man, whose
memory is destined to live m the affections of the
people of my own State.
My acquaintance with my late colleague was
made many years ago. Natives of the same New
England, and of nearly the same age, we both
made Illinois the home of our adoption. Resid-
ing in different parts of the State, but pursuing a
common profession, we met for the first time at
the supreme couit of the State, in the year 1843.
That acquaintance was not renewed till we met
here,as members of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
representing the same Commonwealth. Attached
to diffeient political organizations, our social re-
lations,ever kindly,finally ripened into a friend-
ship, the memory of which 1 shall fondly cherish.
Educated to the legal profession, as a lawyer,
Major Harris was ably, conscientious, and suc-
cessful; as a soldier, he was bravo, generous, and
intrepid; as a statesman, he was enlightened,
practical, and just; .is n legislator, ho was gov-
erned by just pmieiph'K, elevated sentiments, and
patriotic views. No Representative ever more
vigilantly guarded or more ably defended the
rights and interests of his own constituents, or
looked with greater care to the welfare of the
whole country. All who have had the honor to
serve with him in tins body, will bear willing and
cheerful testimony to the intelligence, zeal, and
efficiency which he brought to the discharge of his
official duties.
As a politician, he was ardent and unyielding
in his convictions; in the advocacy of his princi-
ples, he was bold, persistent, and uncompromis-
ing; but no man ever questioned the honesty of
his purposes or the sincerity of his views; and I
am gratified m being able to say that his political
opponents always yielded to him the homage of
their fullest confidence in his integrity and patriot-
ism. Ai> a man and as a citizen, he was distin-
guished for those e.harae.tonxties which make the
deepest itnpiess upon mankind. IJis mind was
quick, active, vigorous. I [is traits of cluuacter
were all positive; he was no half-way man;, what-
ever position he t#ok, whatever cause he espoused,
he embraced it with the whole energy of his dis-
position. After once making up his mind upon
any subject, no man was ever left in doubt as to
his position. With him there was never a struggle
between honor and servility. In the whole course
of his life, he never knew dishonor. It, is related
that while one of the most distinguished founders
of the French Revolution was awaiting his exe-
cution, in the prison of the Cai mcs, as expressive
of his own sublime conviction, he wrote with his
own blood, upon the walls of his dungeon, this
last sentiment of his heart:
'■ Ponu? mod quam favlari."
But it were unncc^scary for our late associate
to tiansmit that sentiment by any last act of his
own, for he had c i"2raved upon the dai ly wnik and
conversation of his whole hie that with him it
was ever " rather death than dishonor."
Though iii feeble health at the adjournment of
the last session ol Congress, Major Harris hoped
to return here this session with recruited health j
and renewed strength. His vigorous intellectand ;
unconquerable will s-eincd to rise above the in- ,
sidious and painful disease which was wasting j
away Jus life. Eutelas! those hopes so fondly
cherished by himself, lus family, and his friends,
weie doomed to disappointment. His voice was
never mora to be heard in these Halls, but was
to be hushed forever in the stillness and silence
of the grave. He went home but to die in the
quiet country village where he had lived so long,
and where he was known so well. Ilis last
thoughts were consoled by the approbation of a
..constituency whom he had so faithfully served;
and he was surrounded by family and friends,
whose presence served to sooth the bitter pangs
of approaching death. And when the hour of
his existence came finally to strike, it was at the
close of our western autumn, when, the serenity
of the heavens invites us to the contemplation
of the last days of that splendid season about to
expire.
But he is gone ! Struck down in the pride of ;
his manhood, in the full tide of his usefulness, ]
and in the maturity of his intellectual strength ;
and vigor. Though dead, he shall yet reign m
the recollection and admiration thatsurround his
memory.
" The hand of the reaper
Takes the ears that are hoary ;
But the voice of the weeper
Wails manhood m glory."
Mi*. ADRAIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to add but
a few words to those which have already been so
feelingly and justly uttered, on thedeceaseof one
who was well known to us all. The death of
Major Thomas h. Harris was not unexpected,
for he had long been a suffering but uncomplain-
ing invalid, and seemed ready, at any moment, to
be snatched away. During the last session of
Congress, we all remember his pale, emaciated,
but expressive countenance, and the sad and hol-
low cough, which told too certainly of
<k That dire disease whose ruthless power,"
finally terminated his earthly existence. And
although oxpectmgat any moment to hear of lus
decease, yet when the sad tidings ran alon^ the
electric wires from one part of the country to the
other, alas! alas! they came too soon, causing
many a heart to vibrate with emotions of deep
regret and sorrow. It was fondly hoped that he i
might have been spared once moie to have ie~
sumed his seat in this Hall, and been greeted with
the warm and heartfelt congratulations of ins many
true friends on his triumphant reelection, ns a
faithful and able Representative of the people. Hut
we may now look around forhim in vain. He is
with us no more. His seat is vacant, only to be :
filled by some strange and unfamiliar form, while
he who so lately occupied it lies cold and motion-
less in the silent giave. But ins noble spirit, 1
humbly trust, freed from all earthly fetters, is now
rejoicing in another and far Iv'ttei assemblage,
that of the pure and happy beings above, who
know no sorrow, disease, suffering, or death.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, to enter
upon any detailed accountof the hie and character
of the deceased. 1 shall notice but a few traits in
his character, and speak of him simply as I knew
him in this Hall, for the first time last winter.
His early life and history have been related by his
feeling and bereaved colleague, [Mr. Morris,]
from the State of Illinois. My first acquaintance
with the lamented Harris, grew out of an act of
kindness on his part to myself. Having occasion
at the commencement of the last session of Con-
gress, to consult some member from the State of
1 llinois, in regard to a matter of professional busi-
ness, I singled him out, and with the greatest
promptitude and pleasure, he rendered rne all the
advice and end that were needed. And from that
time forth down to the close of the session, I
was more or less thrown into his society, both in
a social and business way, and had tnercfore a
full opportunity of forming some estimate of his
true charaotcr.
It must have been perfectly apparent to every ■
member of this body that ho possessed, in a very
remarkable degree, great decision and energy of
character. And if it had not been for these master
qualities, it would have been utterly impossible j
for one in his delicate state of health to hove dis- i
charged all the varied and laborious duties which !
devolved upon him. He was chanman of one of (
the most impoitant committees—that of elections !
—the duties of which he performed with great :
industry, fairness, and .ability. Before that com- j
mitteo several highly importantand difficult elec- -j
tion cases were brought, which required the |
greatest amount of labor, and he gave to them all j
a full and thorough investigation*, and his reports j
to this House are marked with evidences of great
industry and talent. And, in addition to all this,
he took an active and prominent part in discuss-
ing important questions which here arose; and
was the leading and master spirit of those with
whom he was associated in the discussion and
management of a most grave and delicate subject,
which deeply agitated this House and the whole
country. And during the whole period of his
labors, he was greatly enfeebled by a wasting
disease, and at times reduced so low as almost to
forbid the hope of recovery; yet, with an iron
will which seemed to bid defiance to all physical
weakness and decay, his powers would soon re-
cuperate, enabling him again to" be at his post of
duty.
" AH his sou!
Was full of resolution, winch expires
Never from valiant men, till their la&t breath."
And as an evidence of his strong and resolute
purpose in defense of those great principles, of
which he had been such a fearless and able advo-
cate, he insisted upon being carried from his death
bed to the polls to discharge that high and inesti-
mable duty of every American citizen, the right
of suffrage.
Major Harris was not only distinguished for
great decision and energy of character, but also
for strong logical powers of mind. This was
clcarly manifested in all his speeches and reports
to this House. He dealt mostly m facts and ar-
gument; and consequently appealed to the reason
and judgment of men. And yet he was by no
means deficient in imaginative power, whenever
he chose to bring it to his aid to illustrate or adorn
his argument. He was a ready, impressive, and
able speaker and debater. His perceptions were
clenr and rapid, always seizing hold of the strong
points of a case; and his language was invariably
well chosen and happily adapted to the subject.
His speeches were never long, spun out in frothy
and unmeaning words; but short, directly to the
point, and most effective. And in this respect,
his example might well be imitated by us all.
And there was no member of this body, who, in
my opinion, whenever he rose to speak, was list-
ened to, or deserved to be listened to, with a
greater degree of respect and attention; and none
who move clearly and forcibly elucidated any
position that he took.
Such are a few of the leading traits in the char-
acter of the deceased which atti acted my notice.
And having thus very briefly spoken of his mental
powers, I might refer to his social and moral qual-
ities. J will simply say, however, that in all my
intercourse with him he was frank, manly, hon-
orable, upright, kind, and true; and as a friend,
warm and generous, and steadfast as the needle
to the pole. Such was Major Harris, whose
heart was pure and noble, as his mind was clear
mid strong. And having greatly admired his
character, and formed for him a strong peisonal
attachment, I may be permitted to mingle my
tears and sorrow over his early grave with all who
respected and loved him.
The death of such a man is not only agreatloss
to his family and to his friends, but to the whole
country. It will be deeply folt in the legislation
of the country, for no one possessed of his high
qualities of mind and character can be removed
from the present stage of action without leaving
a void behind not easily filled. And it is deeply
to he lamented that, during the adjournment of
Congress,death,with its cold and relentless grasp,
has earned off two of the most useful, prominent,
and distinguished members of this body. The
hiave, gallant, and courteous (Quitman first fell
before the grim destroyer; and then came the no-
ble, fearless, and able Harris, whose death we
now mourn, and to whose memory we are pay-
ing lithng iributes of respect. But death pays no
regard to persons, their position, age, or charac-
ter; but all fall alike indiscriminately before the
march of the dread monster.
« The wince who kept the world in awe,
The judge, whose dictate fixed the law,
The rich, the poor, the great, the small,
Are tevel'd ; death confounds them all."
But, alas ! alas ! death too often "loves a shining
mark,"and singles out as his victims the highest
and the best, the most valued and honored. And
I think 1 may safely gay that no two men could^
have been taken from this body whose talents,"
industry, public experience, and fidelity in the
