1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I4§5
Superintendent of Public Printing, accompanied
by a resolution and theevidence taken before the
committee; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The resolutions were as follows:
Resolved, That A. G. Seaman, late Superintendent of
Public Printing, has been guilty of improper and illegal
practices in the discharge of lus official duty, and m viola-
tion of the provisions of the act approved the 26lh day of
August, 1852, creating the office of Superintendent and de-
fining tne duties thereof.
llesohed, That the testimony in this case be certified by
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, and sent to the
, district attorney for the District of Columbia.
Mr. KEITT. I ask permission of the House
to publish some remarks, which are not partisan
or controversial in their character. Permission
to publish them was given me once, but I did not
avail myself of it.
No objection was made. [This speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. KEITT, (at
twenty-five minutes past eleven o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 1, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. A. Given Carothers.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
7-12) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June,"18G0, re-
ported it without amendment.
executive session.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. KING. I should like to present a peti-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. t>oes the Senator
from Virginia yield to the Senator from New
York?
Mr. MASON. I do not. It can be presented
afterwaids. 1 shall be obliged to yield to a great
many, if I yield to any one.
Mr. FITCH. I simply want to ask the effect
of the executive session on the presentation of
reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call for petitions and reports after the executive
session.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Chair does that, I hope
we shall not go into executive session. We shall
not have time to dispose of the appropriation
bills. We have the miscellaneous, the naval, and
the mail steamer bills yet to consider.
Mr. MASON. If my colleague will allow me
one moment, I do not propose to detain the Sen-
ate more than twenty minutes in executive ses-
sion, and I am satisfied that it will save us a day
or two of the extra session.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt of it.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to submit a res-
olution while the galleries are being cleared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
to present it now.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
.therein, the doors were reopened.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter from the Secretary of War,communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
narrative and final report of Governor Stevens, of
his survey and exploration of the northern route
for a raiiroad from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific Ocean; which, on motion of Mr. Lane,
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
him to print the letter and accompanying report
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from the
Commissioner of Patents, communicating, agree-
ably to law,'the agricultural portion of his annual
report for the year 1858.
A motion by Mr. Trumbull to print the re-
port, and that thirty thousand additional copies
tlfc-reof lie printed, was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, m answer to a resolution
of the Senate calling for a statement showing the
names and appropriate description of all vesseW
in the Navy of the United States, which h&v^
been captured, lost, or destroyed; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Mason, was ordered to lie on the
table; and a motion by him to print it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from the
Secretary of War, asking an appropriation for
the payment of the Florida volunteers called into
service by General Harney and Colonel Loomis,
under an order from the President; which was
read, and, on motion of Mr. Mallory, referred to
the Committee on Finance.
credentials.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the credentials of
Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, elected a Senator of
the United States by the Legislature of Illinois,
for six years from the 4th of March, 1859; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. POLK presented the credentials of Hon.
Willard Saulsbuuy, elected a Senator of the
United States by the Legislature of the State of
Delaware, for the. constitutional term, to com-
mence on the 4th day of March, 1859; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H.'R. No.
584) for the relief of Captain A. W. Reynolds;
and it was signed by the Vice President.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. KING presented a petition of the St. Re-
gis Indians, of the State of New York, praying
the ftiactment of a law to enable then^to remove
to the lands set apart for them as a permanent
home west of the Mississippi; which was ordered
to lie on the table. •
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of the
delegates of a convention held at Marshall, Iowa,
on the 16th of February, 1859, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Cedar Rapids to
Jefferson; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions adopted
at a convention of the soldiers of the war-of 18)2,
held at Syracuse, New York, February 25,1859,
relative to the pension bill now pending before
the Senate; which were ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion by Mr. Seward to print the reso-
lutions was refeired to the Committee on Print-
ing.
reports of committees.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 832) for the relief of Thomas
Livingston and his securities, reported it without
amendment, and in favor of its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, reported a bill (S. No.
605) to provide for the payment of volunteers
called out in Florida in 1857 and 1858; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred a memorial signed by M.
F. Conway and others, claiming to be members
of a convention at Leavenworth, in Kansas Ter-
ritory, for the purpose of forming a constitution
and asking admission into the Union as a State,
which memorial is accompanied by a paper pur-
porting to be the constitution there formed for
the State of Kansas, and also the abstract of the
votes cast thereon when submitted to the people
for ratification or rejection, after examining the
subject, a majority of the committee instruct me
to report adversely.
employment of a messenger.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit the following resolu-
tion; and if there be no objection, I ask for its
consideration: J
Rcbolval, That the Seigeant-at-Arms be authorized to j
employ a pprson in the service of the Senate, ill the place I
of, and at the same compensation as, A. ii. Ragan, pro- '
moted.
Mr. MASON. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will he over under the rule.
compensation of new senators.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask leave, Mr. Pres-
ident, to offer a resolution, which, I think, will
obtain the general concurrence of the Senate. It
is, to entitle to compensation, as though they had
been admitted to their seats upon the first day of
the session, those gentlemen who" were elected-to
this body, and 'were kept out of their seats a kmg
time, while we forbore to act upon the admission
of their States. I ask that it be read, and bow
acted upon.
The Secretary read it, as follows.-
A joint resolution (S. No. 86) in relation to the compensa-
tion of Senators and Representatives in Congress elected
from new States. ■
Resolved, That Senators and Representatives who hove
been, or hereafter may be, elected as such from any new
States, not, at the time, admitted intothe Union, before the
commencement of the session of Congress, during which
session said State is admitted into the Union, then their
compensation shall be the same to .which they woulifbe
entitled if the said State were admitted the first day of the
session ; Provided, That this resolution shall have no far-
ther retrospective relation or effect than to Senators and
Representatives elected to the present Congress, nor shall
such Senators receive any tiling under this resolution for any
period of time for which they were entitled to compensa-
tion as members of the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unani-
mous consent to the second reading of the joint
resolution to-day ?
Mr. CLAY. I object to it.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
596) to authorize the enrollment, registry, and
license of certain steamboats or vessels owned by
the Buffalo and Lake Huron Railroad Company.
suspension of the rules.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had concurred in the resolution of the Senate pro-
viding for a suspension of the 16th and 17th joint
rules of the two Houses for the remainder of the
present session.
bills become laws.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed, the 28th of February, the following acts:
An act giving the assent of Congress to a law
of the Missouri Legislature for the application
of the reserved two per cent. land fund for said
State;
An act for the relief of Kennedy O'Brien;
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1860; and
An act to amend an act entitled, " An act au-
thorizing repayment for land erroneously sold by
the United States."
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls up
the unfinished business of yesterday, the hour of
twelve o'clock having arrived.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Virginia to allow me a momentof time. I desire
to have a bill passed, to which there will be no
objection; and it will take no time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has called
up the special order. The Senator from Michi-
gan takes the floor, for what purpose the Chair
does not know.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone the
special order for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 582) for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates. It will not take more than a
minute to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-
pone the special order, and all prior orders, with
a view to take up the bill indicated by the Sena-
tor from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. MASON. I cannot agree to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest to gentle-
men , as the morning hour has been taken up with
executive business, that they can have action on
the morning business to-morrow. I shall not
move to take up the appropriation bill until twelve
o'clock to-morrow. I hope they will allow me
to so on now.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take one min-
ute to pass this hill. It is a very small matter.
Mr. FITCH. Does the Senator from Virginia
insist on taking up the unfinished business of
yesterday ? It is in violation of what 1 deemed
