1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOB&
mm
form in which the Senate passed it, without any
alteration.
Mr. HALE. As I heard it read last night, it
was not so.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggested a simple way of
disposing of this difficulty; and I think that the
Senator from Florida can, in a moment, dispose
of the difficulty that surrounds his proposition.
He offered an amendment. The Senator from
Georgia offered to amend that amendment by in-
serting a clause in reference to postage. The
Senate decided that the amendment should notgo
in; and now it is claimed that the Senator can do
what the Sonate refused to do—that the Senator
can put it in.
Mr. YULEE. Well, sir, I am acting under the
direction of the Chair. The Chair decides that
I ean so modify my amendment before the vote
is taken upon it; and, under the decision of the
Chair, far the purpose of bringing the matter to
a close, I adopt his suggestion, which brings us
to a direct vote. The Chair has decided it, and
that is enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are the yeas
and nays demanded? ["No!" "No!"] The
question i? upon the amendment offered by the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. KING. I ask that that part which has
been added as an amendment to the proposition
be read.
Mr. HALE. I find, sir, that, although that
particular section which exempts the Post Office
Department from paying postage is left out, yet
in other sections of the bill the exception is pre-
served. Thus, in the fifteenth section it reads as
follows: (I will read it, if the Chair will ask sev-
enteen or eighteen Senators to stop talking while
I am reading.)
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order.
Mr. HALE. The fourth section of the amend-
ment is as follows:
Sec. 4. Jinibe it further enacted, That all letters, pack-
ets, ;md mailable matter, sent from, or directed to, any of
the Executive DepnrtinenU, bureaus, or public offices or
officers, civil or military, at the seat of the General Gov-
ernment^ except the Post Office Department and the office
of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office Depart-
ment, shall be prepaid by postage stamp*, or stamped en-
velopes, before delivery at the mailing office.
I move to strike out those words, "except the
Post Office Department," wherever they occur
in the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. It will be recollected, Mr. Pres-
ident, that we struck out all that the Senator from
New Hampshire thought was necessary to ac-
complish his purpose. If there is anything in
the other sections which related to the section he
struck out, and which was not stricken out, it
was an oversight for which the Senator from New
Hampshire is responsible.
Mr. HALE. I do not find fault with anybody;
but it was an oversight. The main section giv-
ing the franking privilege to the Post Office De-
partment is stricken out; but then there are other
places where the amendment is framed to meet
the bill as it stood with that section in. I move,
where that phrase, "except the Post Office De-
partment," occurs in relation to the franking
privilege, that it be stricken out.
Mr. YULEE. I accept that amendment.
Mr. HALE. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask if the question is
susceptible of division ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The amendment is a I
, whole, and, I take it, it cannot be divided. The
Senator might move to strike out a part.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, if insisted upon, that it would be divis-
ible.
Mr. SHIELDS. Itembraces two propositions,
if I understand it; one, the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, and th^ other, an increase of the
rates of postage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is divisible, and so decides, if the Sena-
tor desires it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I call for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York insist on the reading of that j
portion of the amendment which has been added ?'
Mr. KING. If a division of it is called for, 1
do not require it. I understand that the additional
sections added relate to an increase of the rates of
postage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota desire that there should be
a division of the subjects, or of the sections ?
Mr. SHIELPS. I -wish a division of the two
propositions; the one to abolish the franking prh>
ilege, and the other to increase the rate§ of post-
age.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first of
those amendn>ents will be read.
The Secretary re^d it, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the first, sixth,
seventh, aud eighth sections of the " Act to reduce the rates
of postage, to limit the usq and correct the abuse of the
franking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the
revenues of the Post Office Department," approved March
3, 1845; and the third, fourth, and fifth sections of the act
to amend the act aforesaid, approved March i, 1851, and all
other acts and parts of acts granting and conferring upon
any person whomsoever the right or privilege to receive or
transmit through the mails of the United States, free of post-
age, letters, packets,newspapers, peiiodicals, books, or any
other mailable matter, printed or written, be, and the same
are hereby, abrogated and repealed*: Provided, nevertheless,
That nothing m this act contained shall be construed tore-
peal any special law, heretofore enacted, granting the frank-
mg privilege to any ex-President, or to any person or per-
sons to whom the privilege has beeji granted by name.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the remaining portions of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator frdm Florida, which
the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Seo.—. And be it further enacted, That all letters, pack-
ets, newspapers, periodicals, public documents, and books,
piintcd by order of either House of Congress, and all other
mailable matter, shall be prepaid by postage stamps or
stamped envelopes, before their delivery at any post office
for transmission in the mails; and all letters" packets, and
other mailable matter, whether printed or written, directed
to the President or Vice President of the United States, or
to any member of either House of Congress, or to the Sec-
retary of the Senate, or Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, shall be prepaid at the mailing office.
gEC.—. jina be it further enacted, That all letters., pack-
ets, and mailable matter, sent from, or directed to, any of
the Executive Departments, bureaus, or public offices, or
offiueis, civil or mihtaiy,at the seat of the General Govern-
ment, except the Post Office Department, and the office of
the Auditor of t he Treasury for the Post Office Department,
shall be prepaid by postage stamps, or stamped envelopes,
before delivery at the mailing office.
Seu. — And be it farther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay or refund quar-
terly, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to each of the Executive Departments, bureaus,
and offices, at the seat of Government, except the Post Of-
fice Department and the office of the Auditor for said Depart-
ment, such amounts as the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury shall audit and allow as having been expended
for the purchase of postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
used or to be- used tor the prepayment of the postage on
letter*, packets, and mailable matter sent from their respect-
tive offices on official business ; and if the contingent fund
of any Executive Depaitment, bureau, or office, with the ex-
ceptions aforesaid, shall be insufficient, after defraying other
expenses, to purchase the postage stamps required for the
use of such Department, then, aud not otherwise, the Sec-
retary of the Ti easury may, upon the requisition of the chief
officer thereof, advance such sum as shall not exceed the
estimated amount of the postages to be paid by such office
in any one quarter, to be accounted for as other public
moneys : Provided, however,That the postage on all letters
and packages from the President and Vice President of the
United States shall be paid by the Department of State and
the Sccretaiy of the Senate, respectively: And provided,
further, That officers, civil and military, may have allowed
to them, in tin- settlement of their accounts by the proper
accounting officers of the Government, the postages paid by
them on letters and packets sent by them in the mail* ex-
clusively on official business; and that so much of the
twelfth section of the " Act to establish certain post routes,
and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1847, as ap-
ptopriated .$-200,000 each year for the service therein men-
tioned, be, and the same is hereby, repealed *, and that the
eighth section of the Act to reduce and modify the rates
ot postage in the United Stat**, and for other purposes,"
approved Maich 8, 1851, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the eighteenth
section of the u Act to reduce the rates of postage," &c.,
approved March 3, 1845, shall be so consuued as to pro-
hibit the Postmaster General from making contracts for the
ti asportation of the mail with any view to the transporta-
tion of passengers, and to restrict him in making such con-
tracts to the acceptance of such bids only as shall provide
for the conveyance of the mails.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
fir^t section of the act of August 30,1850, entitled an " Act
to amend the act entitled ' An act to teduce and modify the
rates of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses,' "passed March 3,1852, as allows a deduction of fifty
per centum fiom the rates of postage established by said act
on newspapers and periodicals, paid quarterly or yearly, in
advance, be, and the same is herebv, repealed.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That, from and after
the 1st day of July, 1859, in lieu of the rates of postage now
established by law, there shall be chargcd the following
rates, to wit: For every single letter, in manuscript, or paper
of any kiud, in which information shall be asked for or com-
municated in wrjyog, or by ipapk? or signs, conveyed in the
mail for any distance between places in, the y nijed State^
not exceeding tjireetbottsapd mile?, fiye cents,and for any
distance over three thousand," miles., ten cents; and, for a
double letter there shall be charged double these rates; avnd
for a treble letter .treble theseVates; and eyery letter ^rnar-
cel not exceeding half an ounce in weight shall be" deem,e,d
a single letter; and every additional tfeigbt ofhalf an dance,
or additional weight of less than half ail 6unce, sikaW be
charged with an additional single rate of postage
tbeie shall be charged for, letters conveyed, ity the mail,
Wholly or in|>art bysea, an^ to and fr<faf a'forefgii coun-
try, without regard to distance, ten cents for each half ounce
in weight, or additional weight of le"ss than half an oubee,
excepting, however, all cases in which such postage had
been or shall be adjusted at different rates by postal treaty
or convention already concluded or hereafter to be made.
And every letter or packet brought into the United States,
or earned from one port therein to another in any private
ship or vessel, shall be charged with five Qents, if delivered
ajt the post office where the same shall arrive; and if des-
tined to be conveyed thence by post to anyplace, two cents
shall be added to the ordinary rates of postage. All drop
letters, or letters placed in any post office not for transmis-
sion, but for delivery only, shall be charged with postage at
the rate of one cent each, to be prepaid by postage stamps,
and accounted for as other letter postages. And all letter*
which shall hereafter be advertised as remaining over, or
uncalled for, in any post office shall l>e charged with one
cent each in addition to the regular postage, to be accounted
for as postages now are. Anduppnall letters passing through
or in the mails of the United States?, excepting such as are
to or from a foreign country, arid letters and packages to
and from any ex President of the Umtetj States, or any Per-
son or persons to whom the frauking privilege has been
granted by name, and letters and packages to and from the
officers of the Post Office Department, dm! of the Auditor*
office of the Post Office Department, exclusively on official
business, the rates of postage, hereby established shall be
prepaid by postage stamps or stamped envelopes, or in
money, if the Postmaster General shall so direct.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day of July, 1859, tbe postage upon ajl printed matter
passing through the mail of the United States, instead of
the rates now charged, shall be as follows, to wit: Each
newspaper, periodical, unsealed circular, or other article
of primed matter, not exceeding three ounces in weight,
shall he sent to any part of the United States for one cent,
and for every additional ounce or fraction pf an ounce one
cent additional shall be charged; and the postage upon
newspapers and periodicals shall be paid quarterly in ad-
vance, either at the post office where the same are deliv-
ered, or at the office where th?y are mailed ; and evidence
of such payment shall be furnished quarterly tq the office
of delivery in such manner as the Postmaster General may,
by geneial regulations, prescribe. Newspapers and pe-
riodicals not weighing over one ounce and a half, when
circulated m the State where published, shall be charged
one half the rates abovementioned : Provided, That small
newspapers and periodicals published monthly, or oflener,
and pamphlets containing not more than sixteen octavo
pages each, when gent in single packages, weighing at least
eight ounces, to one address, and prepaid by affixing post-
age stamps thereto, shall be charged only half a cent for
each ounce or fraction of an ounce, notwithstanding the
postage calculated on each separate article of such package
would exceed that rate: Avd provided, furl he?, Thai the
publishers of weekly newspapers may send to each actual
subscriber withm the county where ttieir papers are printed
fend published one copy thereof free of postage, and that
nothing herein contained shall prevent the free exchange of
newspapers between the publishers thereof, as authorized
by the act of 1825, "to reduce into one the several acts
et-tablishiiig and legulating the Po?t Office Department."
The postage on all transient printed matter shall be prepaid
by postage stamps; and it shall be the duty ol each post-
master to render quarterly to the Post Office Department,
with his regular quarterly returns of postages, and in such
form as the Postmaster General shall prescribe, a particular
account of all postage by him collected or received upon
newspapers, periodicals, and other printed matter, regular
or transient, received at or sent from his office; and itshall
be the further duty of each postmaster at whose office one
or more letter-carriers are employed to render quaiterly, as
aforesaid, a particular account of all moneys received from
and paid to each letter-carrier during the quarter.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted JThat m place of the com-
pensation now allowed deputy postmasters, the Postmaster
General be, and he i* hereby, authorized to allow them com-
missions at not exceeding the following rates, on the letter
postage collected at their respective offices in each quarter
of the year, and in due proportion for any period less than
a quarter: On any sum not exceeding $100, forty per
centum, but any postmaster, at whose office the mail is to
arrive regularly between the liouis of nine o'clock at night
and five o'clock in the morning, may be allowed fifty per
centum on the first $100. On any sum over and above $100,
and not exceedmgg400, thirty-three and one third per cent-
um. On any sum over and above $400, bat not exceeding
$2,400, thirty per centum. On any sum over and above the
first $2,400, twelve and a half per centum. On the amount ot
postage on letters and packages received at a distributing of-
fice for distribution, not exceeding ten percentum. And on
the moneys arising from the postage on newspapers, period-
icals, pamphlets, and other printed matter, the Postmaster
General may allow a commission of not exceeding nity per
cfentum. Each postmaster who shall be required to keep a
register of the arrival and departure ot the mails shall be al-
lowed ten cents for each monthly return which he makes to
the Postmaster General; and each postmaster may be al-
loaved two nulls forthe delivery from ins office, to an actual
subscriber, of each weekly newspaper entitled togo free in
tbe mails, except exchange papers. And no other or further
allowances whatever shall he made to any postmaster, ex-
cept from the rents of boxes or pigeon holes* as now author-
ized by law; and the commissions and allpwanees author-
ized by this act shall be subject to the provisions of the
forfv-first section of the act entitled i{ An act to reduce Into
one' the several acts establishing asd regulating the Post
