1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taching to the appropriation bills general legisla-
tion respecting theadministration of the particular
branch of the executive department for whose
disbursement the appropriations are intended, be-
cause, while Senators may be willing to grant the
appropriations asked for by the House, the bills
all originating there, and in connection with them
to make reforms and modifications in the practice
of the administrative or executive department,
they may be unwilling to grant those appropria-
tions without those alterations in the administra-
tion and disbursement of them. It is, therefore,
not only proper, but it is indispensable, in order
to give true significance to the sense of Senators
who vote the appropriations, or it may be so in
many cases, that general legislation and restric-
tions should be appended to the appropriation
bills which are sent to us from the House. It
seems to me not only expedient for the purpose
of affording an opportunity to the friends of a
measure a direct vote upon it in the House, but
of enabling the two bodies to consult the public
good upon a general subject, but it may very
properly grow out of the opinion of Senators that
the appropriations ought not to be made to the
extent asked for by the House, without the mod-
ifications and reforms which they propose in con-
nection with those appropriations.
Mr. BAYARD. I think this is the first time
I have heard deliberately defended the practice of
ingrafting legislation upon appropriation bills. I
have heard Senators say it was necessary in some
cases. I have always heard it condemned; but
the honorable Senator from Florida seems to think
it an appropriate and proper mode of legislation.
You have reached &e point now, if you have not
seen it before. The question is a very plain one.
If one House thinks that legislation is necessary,
they introduce and pass the proper legislation,
whether it is for the regulation of disbursements,
or to control or check abuses, or any other re-
forms; and if the other House chooses to refuse
to pass that bill, they stand before the country
responsible for not performing their duty in pass-
ing laws requisite for the due administration of
the Government. But if you connect these things
•with mere appropriations essential to carry on the
Government, without which the Government can-
not move, and everything must be thrown into
confusion, the resultof this system of legislation
must inevitably be a constant collision between
the two Houses; crude laws will be constantly
ingrafted upon bills of this kind. You have the
system of enforced legislation against one branch
or the other; because, when that proposition goes
from one branch to the other for legislation o*n a
bill, you are told that the session is nearly ended,
and, if you do not pass it, the House will adhere;
or some Senator will say: " I would rather let the
bill die; I would lather let the Government be
thrown into confusion than have a particular bill,
which I think ought not to be passed, put upon
that bin." Now, sir, in my opinion, the country
can get along under existing laws. I do not be-
lieve the system of legislation on appropriation
bills ever leads to wise legislation, as a general
result, without denying that sometimes we have
placed very appropriate regulations upon the ap-
propriation bills. Under any system, however
false, we may sometimes have some good arising
out of it; and if there were not, why, of course,
it would not be tolerated at all. But the system
is a vicious one—one foreign to the genius of the
Constitution, and the character of the Govern-
ment—one that, in its ultimate results, will lead
to such evils, if we do not abandon it now, that
we shall have to do it hereafter.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Clnigman, Ciilteudm, Davi«, Fitch, Fiupalnck,
Green. Gvvin, Hammond, Houston. Hunter, Iverson. John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Lane, Ma-
son, Pearce, Polk, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Ward,
and Yuloc—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigler, Broderick, Chan-
dler, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doo itile, Douglas, Durkee,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, llamhn, Harlan, King, Pugh,
Rice, Seward, Shields,Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson, and Wright—28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Advertisements for mail proposals shall hereafter be pub-
lished in only three papers in the State or Territory thiough
which the wail is to be carried, which papers shall be those
having the largest circulation ; nor shall such advertise-
ments. be published m but two papers in the cuy of Wash-
ington, and those having the largest circulation.
Mr. President, I find, on examing a report
made by the Postmaster General in answer to a
resolution of the House of Representatives call-
ing for information on the subject, that in the four
districts-into which the country is divided for
contracts for carrying the mails, there are two
hundred and seventeen newspapers that publish
those proposals. The Postmaster General says
that he thinks three in each State woulcf be amply
sufficient. It seems to me that two papers having
the largest circulation in each State will be amply
sufficient. He recommends that one paper in the
city of Washington shall publish these propo-
sals; but supposing that there might be some ob-
jection to that, I have prepared this amendment,
that the proposals shall be published in each of
the States and Territories in two papers, which
will be seventy-six papers, and in two papers in the
District of Columbia, having the largest circula-
tion. I think if this amendment be adopted, it
must save at least fifty per cent, paid for all the
advertisements in the differentStatesof the Union.
I find that in some of the States they are pub-
lished in a larger number of papers than others;
for instance, in the State of Maine they are pub-
lished in nine newspapers, six in Massachusetts,
seventeen in New York, twenty-three in Penn-
sylvania, and twenty-four in VTrginia. It seems
to me that this is a mere matter of patronage, and
if it is not necessary it ought to be cut off. Let
the two papers having the largest circulation in
each of the States publish these proposals. The
adoption of this amendment will save at least fifty
per cent, of the expense of advertising. 1 hope
the Senate will agree to it. It is in accordance,
substantially, with the recommendation of the
Postmaster General himself in his communica-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to make a suggestion. If
you fix the two newspapers in the States that
have the largest circulation, you will get both in
the same city, in almost every instance. Cer-
tainly, you will get two papers in ihe city of
Cincinnati for the State of Ohio. That is my
impression.
Mr. WILSON. I will remark to the Senator
from Ohio, that if he would like to have it amend-
ed, in that way, that they shall not be published
in the same city, I will agree to it.
Mr. PUGH. I see no necessity for publishing
these advertisements in two papers at all. That
is my opinion. The Postmaster General prints
pamphlets, and all those who intend to bid get
the pamphlet from the Department. I think the
appropriation entirely unnecessary.
Mr. YULEE. I think so,too.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Massachusetts. We passed
a law, at the last session, upon an amendment
which I offered, regulating this subject of adver-
tising in Washington, upon information I de-
rived from the Post Office Department, that we
would save from thirty to sixty thousand dollars
m each letting. That is the law of the land to-
day. I do not want to disturb that, which is so
much gained.
Mr. WILSON. I will strike that portion of
my amendment relating to the advertising in the
District of Columbia out.
Mr. STUART. I should not like to have that
disturbed. I think that is one of the best things
we have ever done in regard to these notices. So
far as the States are concerned, I care nothing
about it. It is true, as stated by the Senator from
Ohio, that all the bids are made from the pamph-
lets. The Department prepares a pamphlet that
covers every contract that is to be let, and those
pamphlets arc sent to the large bidders all over
the country, and they make their bids from that
pamphlet.
Mr. YULEE. I should have no objection to
abolish altogether the practice of advertising in
the State papers. I think myself that it-is per-
haps unnecessary, for all those who are desirous
to bid, can obtain from the Post Office the adver-
tisement in pamphlet form. But if we continue
the practice of piinting in State papers, or in any
papeis, there is another objection beyond what
has been stated to the adoption of papers of the
largest circulation, that may not have occurred
to the Senator who makes this proposition. The
papers of largest circulation may be of a character
which would not go at-all into the hands of ths
men who bid. In many States religious papers
have the largest circulation, and in many others,
literary papers have the largest circulation; for in-
stance, in New York, the Ledger has the largest
circulation, and they would go into the hands of
those who read tales, but not into the hands of
those who are business men, and looking for con-
tracts from the Post Office Department. You must
allow the Post Office some discretion. Ft is to be
presum-ed that the gentleman at the head of that
important Department will have some regard to
the public interest, and will have them published
in the papers that circulate in quarters in which
the advertisement should go. i hope the amend-
ment, if pressed, will not be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. The Postmaster General, in
answer to a resolution of inquiry of the House of
Representatives, looking to this very abolition or
modification, c
" These advertisements, besides being published as spe-
cified by the auditor, are alsft sent out in pamphlet form to
postmasters, contractors, and others, with blank forms of
proposals, and past experience has shown that much tho
largest number of bids received are on such printed forms.
It is, therefore, inferred that pamphlet advertising, and the
publication in the local newspapers, are the most effectual
modes of inducing competition; and the selection of ono
paper at the capital, and three others in different parts of
each State and Territory, would probably give sufficient
publicity, and afford all persons interested an opportunity
of presenting their proposals, and thereby create such com-
petition as would best advance the mail service and pro-
mote the best interests of the Department."
Looking over this list of two hundred and sev-
enteen newspapers in the States and Territories,
it seems to me, knowing as 1 do something of the
character and circulation of those papers, that
many of them are the last papers in the world to
reach the parties who bid for those contracts. I
therefore wish to confine it to the papers in each
State and Territory having the largest circulation,
which seems to me would be amply sufficient,
and require their publication in the papers having
the largest circulation and going among the peo-
ple. If this is objected to new, in order to reach
what I regard as a reform, which will reduce the
expenses largely, I will strike out all of the
amendment after the word "carried," so as to
confine it to newspapers in each State and Terri-
tory, and let the Department determine them. It
will then read:
Advertisements formail proposals shall hereafter be pub-
lished in only two papers in the State or Territory through
which the mail is to be cafried.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely rise to say to the
Senate that it is indispensable, in order to con-
clude the business of the session, that we should
get through with this appropriation bill and the
naval appropriation bill to-day, and I hope we
shall not spend much time in speaking upon these
matters.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have another amendment to
offer, to be inserted as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the contiact with But-
terfield & Co., tor carrying the mails from the Mississippi
river to San Francisco, in California, shall be so construed
as to allow said contractors to carry the mail by any route
they may select.
I will not detain the Senate a moment by say-
ing anything on this proposition. It is a public
question, and well understood. * I merely ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Massachusetts
will allow me to ask him a question. If I under-
stand that amendment correctly, it does not pro-
pose to change the termini of the route, but the
direction in which it shall go between the two
points.
Mr. WILSON. I thought it was very ex-
plicit; but if it is not, I will add to it the words:
" between St. Louis and San Francisco."
Mr. YULEE. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted,
Mr. WILSON. I do not know whether it will
be adopted or not. I do not wish to spend time
in discussing it. I simply want the amendment
put to the Senate, and the yeas and nays had
upon it.
Mr. YULEE. Well, sir, I shall «iot spend
much time in discussing it; but I am going to
state my objection to it. The objection I haVe
to it is this: if the Senator were to bring forward
