THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tHE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1859.
New Series......No. 27;
And insert, in lieu thereof: * *
From soine point between the forty-ninth and thirty-sec-
ond parallels of nnttli latitude, to the nearest eligible point
on the Pacific coast, in the State of California, leference
being had to feasibility, shortness, and economy.
Mr. RICE.'I move to amend the amendment,
after the word " California," by inserting the
words, " or on Puget sound."
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not see my colleague
in his seat.
Mr. GWIN. I am here.
Mr. BRODERICK. I see that my colleague
is present. I want him to inform the Senate that
this amendment will take the terminus away from
San Francisco; and, as I believe my colleague and
myself both wish to make San Francisco the term-
inus of this road, I hope he will exert his in-
fluence upon the Senate; and if I have any friends
here, I hope they will vote'against this amend-
ment; because I do not care about having the
. terminus further south than San Francisco. For
that reason I shall oppose the amendment.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, neither the Terri-
tory ofrOregon nor Washington is represented
upon this floor. I would therefore call upon the
friends of those Territories, if they have any here,
to see that their rights are protected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota to add to his amendment the
words "or some intermediate point." I think
the mouth of the Columbia river ought to be open.
Oregon ought not to be excluded.
Mr./RICE. I accept the modification.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
rise to discuss this amendment, but simply to call
the attention of the Senate to the map. The ori-
ginal amendment of the Senator from Texas re-
quires the road to be built on the shortest, as well
as on the most feasible route; and any one ac-
quainted with the map kilows that when abso-
lutely the shortest route to California is required
to be taken, the northern route may not stand a
fair chance to be considered, unless this amend-
ment be adopted to include Puget Sound. There-
fore I shall vote for the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Was the modification I sug-
gested accepted?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir; and if in order, I would
like further to modify it by striking out the
word "shortest."
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
also embodies in his amendment a proposition to
strike the word " shortest""'out of the original
amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to call the attention of Senators who favor
the northern route to this amendment. The
Senator from Texas the other day told us that
the distance from the Texas boundary to the
boundary of California was but five hundred
miles, I think.
Mr. WARD. Five hundred and thirty-nine
miles.
Mr. BRODERICK. Now, the Senator from
Minnesota says that the distance from St. Paul
to Vancouver is some eighteen hundred miles.
X would ask the Senator from Minnesota if he
believes that the northern route will be consid-
ered at all, if a southern route of five hundred and
thirty-nine miles can be found ?
Mr. PJCE. 1 will answer the Senator's ques-
tion. I know that the odds are against us in dis-
tance, and I am fearful that the chances are against
us here; but believing as I do that the noithern
route is the only route upon which a railroad can
be built, and with moderate means be sustained,
I am willing to take the odds and chances.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I am not. I
shall favor the middle route, which is nearer than
the route named by the Senator from Minnesota.
It is butone thousand seven hundred and twenty-
five miles from St. Joseph, in Missouri, to Beni-
cia, m California, by the way of Noble's Pass.
27
If this amendment prevails, it will be virtually
voting for a southern route, for the Senator from
Texas says that it is only a little over five hun-
dred miles from Texas to the boundary of Cali-
fornia; and if a road of five hundred miles dis-
tance con bo found, I should like to know the
contractors who would propose to build a road for
one thousand eight hundred miles. I hope Sen-
ators who favor the northern route will see that
this proposition will not secure it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is evidently a misap-
prehension as to the distances as well as to the
terms of this amendment. The amendment as pro-
posed is very vague on one point. It strikes out
the starting point on the Missouri river, and then
says, the road shall commence at some point be-
tween the thirty-sccond and forty-ninth degrees of
latitude. Some point where? How far east? The
Mississippi river ? The Missouri river > Is it on
the prairies ? Is it on the Rocky Mountains? It
does not state on what eastern line it is to start.
It is entirely vague on that point. The Senator
from California is under a misapprehension that
it means the western border of the existing States
in the Mississippi valley. Then he saysius only
five hundred and thirty-nine miles from the west-
ern border of Texas until you strike the eastern
border of California; but this does not stop at the*
easturn boundary of California. It is six hundred,
or seven hundred, or eight hundred miles from
there up to San Francisco, and you must add that
to the five hundred miles from Texas to Califor-
nia. That would make about thirteen hundred
miles from the westein border of Texas to San
Francisco.
Mr. BR.ODERICK. The amendments I un-
derstand iL, dues not provide for carrying the road
to San Francisco, but to the-eastern boundary of
California.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand it is to the Pacific
ocean It is to cross through the State of Cali-
fornia to the Pacific Ilence you must add to the
distance to California on the Texas route, the
space between Fort Yuma and San Francisco.
But the amqpdmcnt is so vague that it is impos-
sible to tell what it means; fortius reason; It says
the road is to start somewhere between the thirty-
second and forty-ninth ptiuiilels, anu tun west to
the Pacific; but how far cast is it to start? At
New York, Cincinnati, the Mississippi river, the
Rocky Mountains, or where? No eastern line is
fixed by the amendment as it is. You canhot
compute any distance until you find out where
your eastern line is. That is the difficulty with
the amendment as it now stands.
Mr. BRODERICK. Contractors have already
taken a contract from the State of Texas to build
a road to El Paso. From El Paso to the eastern
boundary of California, the Senator from Texas
says, is but five hundred and thirty-nine miles.
Then, if you go direct from there to the Pacific,
it will make Sun Diego or Guaymas the terminus
of the road, one or the other, and the distance
from there to San Francisco by land is, as I stated
the other day, some seven hundred miles. So
that, if the Senator from Illinois wishes to make
San Francisco the terminus, he had better vote
against this amendment, for it contemplates
making some point on the Pacific, south of San
Francisco, the terminus.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator does not catch
the idea that I intended to convey. By this
amendment (here is no eastern terminus fixed.
The bill fixes it on the Missouri river; but when
that eastern line is stricken out, you can begin
under this amendment at Portland, Maine, or
at .New York, or at Richmond, or Chicago, or
Charleston, or Lake Superior., 1 presume that
whoever offered the amendment intended to fix
some place ill the Mississippi valley; but it is not
there. I am suggesting', therefore, that if you do
not know how far east you are going: to start, you
cannot tell how long the distance will be until you
strike theJPauifie. ocean.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will inform the Senator
from Illinois that the Senator from Texas intro-
duced the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I wish to call his at-
tention to the fact that it is necessary- to put1 in
some eastern line.
Mr. WARD. The amendment which I offered,
and which is now before the Senate, does not con-
template Government aid through the States. It
leaves the termini open forcapitaiiststoselect,so
as to have the benefit of roads already built and in
prospect being constructed through the" State®. In
my judgment, when we reach our Pacific posses-
sions by Government aid, through the Territo-
ries, on the most eligible, the shortest, antf the
cheapest route, we shall have exhausted all the
authority we have, under a strict construction of
the Constitution, to build a road by Government
aid at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator's explanation
makes his idea perfectly intelligible; but, by an
oversight, no doubt, the amendment does not con-
fine the road'to the Territories of the United
States. His idea is to begin on the weslern bor-
ders of the States; but his amendment provides
that it shall run to the Pacific ocean at some point
in the State of California.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BRODERICK. I understand that the
amendment does not provide for carrying the road
to the Pacific ocean; but to the eastern boundary
of California.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let the Secretary read it. I
have just read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
! objection on the part of the Senate, the amend-
ment will be read. *
Mr. BRODERICK. I formed my opinion from
the remarks of the Senator from Texas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment of the Senator from
Texas.
Th'o Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be seen that it pro-
vides for the road running through the entire
State of California, to the Pacific ocean, excluding
the idea that it is to be confined to the Territories.
As the idea of its being confined to the Territo-
ries is expressly excluded, I want to know how
far east it is to run ? The Senator from Texas
may modify it by saying, " from the western
| border of the States-in the valley of the Missis-
■ sippi to the eastern border of the Pacific States;"
that would make it specific". Trouble has arisen
from that uncertainty, which was a mere over-
sight, of course, in preparing the amendment.
Mr. RICE. I propose a further amendment,
in order to make this proposition conform to the
amendment which I laid on the table the other
day. It is, after the word " latitude," to insert,
" on the eastern border of any of the Territories
of the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair nn-
i derstands the Senator from Minnesota to modify
i the amendment tie has already moved. The Sec-
! retar/ will read the amendment of the Senator
i from Minnesota, as modified.
I The .Secretary read it, as follows:
I ] riser! the words:
I Fiom Kom" point between the forty-ninth and tbirty-
i second parallels of noith latitude, on the eastern border of
| any ot' i!se Teiritoues of the United States, to the nearest
| eligible point on llie Pacific coast in tile State of California
| or mi Pinret .Sound, relerence being had to feasibility, short-
: ne^. ami economy.
! Mr. DOUGLAS That will not quite accom-
! plish the object. I suppose we might begin on
j the eastern border of the Territory of Utah and
| still be on the west side of the Rocky Mountains,
j Sir. RICE. The Senator had better propose
; a modification that will meet his views.-
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I was only making a sug-
j gestion to find out what it means. If it means to
j run the road from the western border of Texas,
j Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, or Minnesota,to some
point on the Pacific ocean in the State of Califor-
nia, that will express the idea. I was trying to
! get at what idea was intended to be conveyed by
; the amendment.
