1850.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOH.
mi
which goes by railroad to Mo-scoV, as this does
from St. Louis to the point of departure, and
thence by coaches to Irkutsk, a distance about
three thousand four hundred miles, which is about
the distance traveled here. It is carried in coaches
semi-weekly, as this is; and it costs the Russian
Government .£57,000, which is only one half the
price that Butterfield & Co. receive. Now, it is
proposed to impose upon the Government, by the
discretion which is designed to be given to But-
terfield—intended only to enhance His profits and
benefits—the necessity of additional outlay; for
the Senator has confessed here that the expecta-
tion -with which the amendment is moved ie, that
Butterfield will change his route to a point ap-
proaching routes already in operatioh, and which,
he admits, will have to run until the contracts
expire; and having been made before, or at the
same time, with the contract with Butterfield,
they will run nearly the same time. They were
made for four yeais.
Now, what is the consequence that will be im-
posed upon the Government by that? They will
be obliged to establish new routes for the purpose
of supplying the part of the country now sup-
plied by the Butterfield route, necessary to bo sup-
plied, and required to be supplied, incase Butter-
field leaves that route, by k very costly additioh
to the service of the Government. They will be
obliged to reinstate that very partof the San Anto-
nio route, which the Senator from California says
has been abolished ordiscontiniied, in conspquence
of the establishment of the Butterfield route to
supply Arizona, and all the region of country upon
the route puisued by Butteifield as far as Fort
Yuma. - *
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him a moment. The San Antonio
and San Diego mail has not been abolished. It
is now in existence, and the Government is pay-
ing $190,000 for it.
Mr. YULEE. Well, sir, I repeat that the Gov-
ernment will have to renew and again putin oper-
ation that part of it which has been discontinued
in consequence of the establishment of the But-
teifield route. I will explain it. Ill consequence
of the establishment of the Butterfield route, the
San Antonio route is limited in the east to the point
on the Rio Pecos at which it encounters the Butter-
field route. It is discontinued frota that poiht,
and is only resumed at Fort Yuma, at which
point Butterfield strikes nbrthwest towards Sa'n
Francisco, and there the service is continued by
the San Antonio contract from Fort Yuma to sup-
ply San Diego. San Diego must be supplied; the
southern part of California must be supplied; Ari-
zona must be supplied, the southern part of Texas
must be supplied. You are, therefore, proposing
to throw open a line already supplied, because
the San Antonio route supplies all the region of
country which Butterfield is supplying. You pro-
pose to move him, and oblige the Government to
provide for additional service for the population
of those portions of the country which will re-
quire mail accommodations.
Now, is that reasonable? I ask Senators to
look at the map of the routes as they now stand
I agree that the service is very expensive, and I
think that the great expense is owing to too much
service. I think that a weekly service on the
Butteifield route would be quite as mucii as ought
to be continued. Instead of the route being
changed, it ought to be reduced to weekly instead
of semi-weekly service, and so witlv the other
routes. We have here a route by Utah which
runs all the way between San Francisco and St.
Joseph weekly, at a cost of $320,000. Then we
have another central route to Santa Fe at a cost
of $90,000.
Mr. BRODERICK. And from Kansas City to
Stockton.
Mr. YTTLE'E. Yes, sir; from thence to Stock-
ton. You have those two routes reaching all the
way across, from the Mississippi to thePacific,and
you have the southern route of Butterfield with
its connections to San Diego and San Antonio,
and you propose now, without diminishing the
pay of Butterfield, without diminishing the ser-
vice upon any of the other route's, without abol-
ishing any other contract, to allow Butterfield to
move up and compete with the other lines, serving
only the same communities which aie served
by "other contracts, and force upon the Govern-
ment the necessity of establishing, 'at a great
cost, service for the southern portions of our
country.
That the Senate may judge of the cost of ad-
ditions to this overland mail service, 1 Ivill state
a fact in respect to the Utah route across-to Cali-
fornia. The Senator from California [Mr. Biioo-
erick] iritroduced at this session a tftemorial,
which he caused to be read ih the Senate, and-
which was feferred to the Committee on the Post
Office' ahd Post Roads, asking for an increase of
service upon that route, semi-weekly I think it
was, and upbn reference of the matter to the Post
Office Department, we were informed by them that
to give them k four-horse service, ahd increase
the service as desired, would cost $620,000, in ad-
dition to the $320,000 now paid {'refer to thatas
an evidence to the Senate of the cost of establishing
additional service in this wilderness country; and
if Butterfield moves his route, it will be the in-
dispensable duty of the Government, for the pur-
pose of reaching its military posts, for the pur-
pose of supplying our new colonies in Arizona,
for the purpose of supplying the southern coast
of California, that we shall substitute for the
abandoned route of Butterfield other service which
would be equally costly.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Post Office Committee
to this fact, that the Butterfield mail stops twice
a week at Los Angeles, in California. From Los
Angeles to San Diego is, I think, about one hun-
dred miles. This service can be dispensed with
if you will establish a mail between Los Angeles
and San Diego; and the San Diego people will
then be able to get news from the Atlantic States.
Now thev get the Texas news only, and they get
it but twice a week.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator, if we were to
repeal or change the route, as he supposes, how
does he know from what point we shall have to
supply the mail ?
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 do not believe the Sen-
ate intends to change the Butterfield route. '
Mr. YULEE- That is another thing.
Mr. BRODERICK. I suppose there is a large
majority to sustain him. I am only trying to get
rid of a service that is of no earthly use to Cal-
ifornia. By establishing a mail from Los Angeles
to San Diego, for this distance of only one hun-
dred miles, you can dispense With this $196,000.
Mr. POLK. I had not intended to say any-
thing upon this amendment, but to give my vote
silently upon it. I am one of those who thought,
at the time the selection was made by the Post-
master General, if he made the selection for the
carrying of this mail for the contractors, when
by law the contractors were to select their point
of departure and route, that it was a very unfor-
tunate and ill-advised one. I am still of that opin-
ion; it remains unchanged. Yet, if I believed that
it would enhance the expense of the transporta-
tion of this mail, by Butterfield & Co., 1 should
hesitate to give my vote, as I expect to do, for the
amendment that has been offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts. But, sir, I cannot see how
the passage of this amendment will necessarily
inciease the expense of carrying the mail across
the continent, how it will entail upon the Govern-
ment the payment of additional compensation to
Butterfield & Co., who have a contract which
specifies the amount that they shall receive. I am
satisfied, in my own mind, that the route over
which Butterfield & Co. carry this mail now, is
the most expensive one that could be selected for
them across this continent. They may change it
from that route to any other between the points
indicated by the amendment, and it will be less
expensive to them than the one upon which they
now carry it.
In addition, sir, I think that allowing them to
change the route does not bring tjiem in compe-
tition with the lines that arealreaay in operation
at all. I think the effect of it will be, that the
mail will be carried over the route on or near the
thirty-fifth parallel, which was the route, as I be-
lieve, upon which it would have been originally
carried if they could have had the option of taking
whatever route across the continent from the
Missouri river to San Francisco that they should
have seen fit to take. If It runs on the thirty-
fifth parallel, or near to it, it will then serve a
large portion of the space intervening between
the Mississippi and the Pacific coast, which now
is almost entirely without mail service, and will
run over a Country in Which there can be a larger
population, and the mail wiS be of greater service
to the people inhabiting the eoufrtry than it can
on the route upon which it at present 'runs; s<S
that, in my opinion, there is notianger of itStaid-
ifig to the expense in the first plate, Because it
Will be to Butterfield & Go.'a much cheaper route
than the one over which they at present- eafi'y
the mail;'and in the next place, 1 be.lfeVe,:iilstead
of being brought into competition with the more
northern route, the one through the South Passs
which is obstructed by snows and cold during
the winter, it will run on or near the thirty-fifth
parallel, on a route that will be always feasible^
always practicable, at every season of the year,
and upon which there will be a larger population
than there can be on the route which the mail at
present follows.
Mr. GW1N. There is a mail route there now.
Mr. YULEE. How will you supply Arizona?
Mr. POLK. That will be as convenient to
Arizona as the present route is, because the pres-
ent route runs on the southern line of Arizona.
It is suggested to me by one of the Senators from
California, that there is a service on that route
already. I doubt exceedingly whether a mail ia
carried at all betwixt Albuquerque and the Color-
ado at the present time.
Mr. GWIN. Because the Indians kill the car-
riers.
Mr. fOL'K. Yes, sir. The service from the
southwestern corner of Missouri over to Albu-
querque, is one where the mail is required to be
carried but twice a month; Whereas on the other
it goes twice a week. I think, therefore, the ap-
prehension of the Senator from Florida is one that
will never be realised—that IS, of increasing the
cost; for Iadmitthat the expeiiBes of transporting
the mail are at least as heavy as they ought to be
over these overland mail routes,theugh lam one
of those who think that there ought to be some
regard had to the necessities of t he people on these
lines, and to the wants of California, which re-
gal d is to Rave respect to overland transportation
as well as to the expenditure of immense amounts
for the accommodation of the people on the sea-
board to reach the Pacific coast by going over the
isthmian routes, and also to the accommodation
of the sea-board in carrying the mail by the ocean
service. ■
Mr. Y'ULEE. It seems that there is a differ^
ence——•
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator Will allow
me to ask him a question. I want to ask for in-
formation. I know very little about these routes,
but I should like the honorable Senator to tell me;
if it is Within the scope of his information, taking
the number of letters carried, and taking the cost
of transportation by these overland mails, what
sum each letter costs the Government of the Uni-
ted States, as the service now stands? 1 have
been told that it costs thirty-seven dollars a letter:
I should like to know if that is the fact.
Mr. YULEE. I understand that upon the
Butterfield route it costs between sixty and sev-
enty dollars a letter, which is about double the
amount mentioned by the Senator. I was simply
going to remark that there seems to be a difference
of opinion as to whether there will be an increased
cost to the Government resulting from this amend-
ment. We know that if we reject the amendment
there will be no increased cost, and I think it safe
to go upon that view.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Missouri
did not take the point I made upon this amend-
ment at the beginning. If they are'allowed to
take their own route, they will run from Mis-
souri, along the thirty-fifth parallel, and they will
get rid of carrying the mail for five hundred miles,
and get paid for it; that is certain; there can be
no doubt about that. One line now starts from
St. Louis and one from Memphis, and they meet
at Fort Smith, if they only run one, the Gov-
ernment will have to pay the $600;QGO, as they
did on both routes. If you provide for giving
them the #600,000, they will got rid of that large
and important branch of the service. That is
clear.
Mr. POLK. Let me suggest to- the Senator
from Georgia that I understood, from the Senator
from Massachusetts, his amendment did not pro-
pose to change the termini of the route at all. f
asked him that question. It does not propose to
change the termmi of the route, bvitiallows them
