1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to start from the same termini from which they
now start, and make the passage between the
Mississippi and the Pacific by such route as they
may see fit.
Mr. TOOMBS. That would only, jnake it
worse. So far as that route is concerned, it
ought to be abolished; and I hope somebody will
move it.
Mr. POLK. This amendment- does not pro-
pose to change the termini; and there is no propo-
sition to abolish it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I knowthat; but I hope there
will be. This debate is bringing out the facts bo
fore the Senate; and I trust there will be a motion
to abolish it; and, if 1 cannot get it any other way,
I will move.it myself. This whole route is a
duplicated service.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will suggest to him that he cannot repeal it, as
the company carry this mail on a contract that
extends for six years from the commencement of
it, at a compensation fixed by the act making the
contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that; and so is every
other mail route in the United States established
by some law, but we can abolish them whenever
we please.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator ailow me to say one word here?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In the first
place, I believe this amendment was offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts to create diffi-
culty, and consume time, and defeat this bill. 1
regret that he is so successful. As far as this ser-
vice is concerned,! believe, with the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] that the design is simply
sectional in its character. I regret itexceedingly.
I presume, if the amendment were adopted, it
would not benefit us at all. So far as that com-
pany is concerned, I must say they never have
performed the service from the Memphis part up
to the junction made with the Si. Louis portion
of the route. As to the manner of thfi execution
of the southern part of the route, the whole thing
is not only an abortion, but it is a fraud. That
is what I sincerely behove; and, in fact, 1 know
it to be so, so far as the southern part of it is
concerned, unless very recently it has changed
its character. I hope we shall be allowed to
vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope I shall be allowed to
say what little I have to say on (he question. I
care nothing about the sectionuhty of these routes.
It is a matter of no concern to any Section, if it
does not concern the whole Union. 1 would just
as soon it should be in Kamtschatka as anywhere
else, for any benefit it does to one section over
another.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is not that
sectional feeling at the bottom of the whole amend-
ment ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know that it has
anything to do with it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it not at the
bottom of this amendment?
Mr. TOOMBS. I think not. I do not think
that has anything to do with it. That is my
opinion. I say the whole route, from Memphis
and from St. Louis, is the most ill-devised where
it does run. It might be well to have a route
somewhere else; but I have heard no reason for
that line. AI this time, there is service from Mem-
phis to Little Hock, and from there to Port Smith,
in which the mails of the United States are car-
ried, without reference to this specific route.
There is also mail service through from St. Louis.
If the Government acted like a prudent person,
in contracting for this service from Memphis to
Fort Smith, they would dispense with the local
service which formerly existed, and would make
a j>ro lanto reduction in the cost of the whole
service. You have mails doing local service that
run to Fort Smith; and what do they carry?
Nothing, except civilization.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Not even that,
I presume..
Mr. TOOMBS. And not even that. Then
from Little Rock over to the corner of Texas—
Fulton, there are now four-horse post coaches,
and then it turns off hundreds of miles up to Pies-
ton, where this route leaves Fort Smith. It runs !
on to the Indian nation, goes into Texas, and I
goes right off with four-horse post coaches. It I
runs through Grayson, and, I believe, Belknap;
but certainly as far as Dallas. Then there is tri-
weekly, or semi-weekly service, at least for.some
five hundred miles, by post coaches; and this
route runs right along with it. Then from Bel-
knap over to EI Paso there is not a human being,
except those that are put there by these compa-
nies. They go down by Fort Chadbourne, a mil-
itary post. What necessity, then, is there for
this route? There is a mail, very rapid and very
good, from New Orleans to Galveston, and from
there to Indianola, or Powder-horn, to San Anto-
nio, and from San Antonio to El Paso. We have
service from El Paso, a very important part of
the United States, by a route just spoken of by
the honorable Senator from California; and he is
rightabout it. If you had connected that route
at San Diego with Los Angeles, a distance of one
hundred miles, which could be done, you would
have thequickestand the cheapest mail route from
the mouth of the Mississippi over to San Diego,
and all the interior service of California, for one
fourth the money that is now paid. You could
now get it done for one fourth the money. This
runs on the same contract from El Paso to Fort
Yuma. You there discontinue a portion of the
service; and then it runs parallel with the other
route from Memphis, for more than seven hun-
dred miles, until you get to where there are no
people, and therefore nobody to carry.
Then who is there on this route over the thirty-
fifth parallel ? After you get from there to Al-
buquerque, and down on the Rio Grande, with
the exception of a few Mexicans, there is not a
human being but Indians. You go through In-
dian country all the way up the Canadian Fork
until you strike Albuquerque, and there are no
people there; you then pass the Rio Grande along
the thirty-fifth parallel, recently surveyed by Mr.
Ives, until you get to Fort Yuma, and strike the
San Diego route. Why run through that country
now with this very route from San Antonio, that
will terminate, for the present, at El Paso, and
swing around the end of it, and discontinue the
service between there and Fort Yumaup to Santa
Fe? The Government has not saved anything
by it.
Therefore, I say the present mail service neces-
sary for your people brings you within some six
oraeven hundred miles of the settlements in Cali-
fornia, and of coursc, it seems to me, the most
common prudence would commence your service
through that trackless waste, where the necessary
service of the interior would end. For instance, if
you start at El Paso, where you must run the mail,
and run over to Fort Yuma and San Diego, and
then connect there with Los Angeles, the whole
service will be perfect. In fact, we do not want
more than one mail from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean at all, to supply the people. In
running six or seven hundred miles, as you do
from Memphis to St. Louis, with post-coaches,
there are two of them nearly parallel,one on the
thirty-fifth, and the other about the forty-second
parallel. There is a route from Kansas City to
Stockton, and one from St. Joseph to Placerville.
What is the use of them ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I will inform the Senator
from Georgia that the mail he speaks of is from
Kansas City to Stockton, in California, and that
passes dlong the thirty-fifth parallel.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then, if that passes there,
there are two on the thirty-fifth parallel; and now
they want to throw another one on that parallel.
I think it is wholly unnecessary. As for this
idea of the great advantage of running four-horse
post coaches once a fortnight south of 30° 30', or
north of 36° 30', it is the purest imagination that
ever entered into any man's brain.. I would not
give a dollar to have a line run on every parallel
from 36° 30' down to the Gulf of Mexico. There
is no use for them. I desire to carry the mail.
I want the shortest and cheapest route, which
will connect both sides, for the public service. If
there is a route in the North that is the best, carry
the mail over that route. It is no advantage to
anybody. I do not want to strengthen my own
people, or anybody else, by such means. The
public Treasury is bled to death in these squab-
bles. Ten million dollars are already appropri-
ated for deficiencies in the Post Office. 1 do not
think this idea of giving advantage to the North
or the South, has anything to do with this ques-
tion. I am quite sure it will be no advantage
to anybody. I consider it a squandering of the
public money.
Mr. WARD. I think the honorable Senator
from Georgia is somewhat mistaken in his statis-
tics as to the road running parallel with a road
from Memphis. There are from fifty to one hun-
dred miles between the roads. That is quite a
wide parallel. The road, by way of Fort Smith,
enters Texas at Preston, where it strikes the set-
tlements; and from that point on west there is no
stage-line that would be parallel with it at all.
, I call the attention of the Senator from Georgia
to the fact, that there is no parallel stage-line from
there west, after the overland route from St.
Louis, by way of Fort Smith, strikes the line of
Texas, at Preston.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will correct the Senator from
my personal knowledge. I know there is one
running from Grayson down to Dallas.
Mr. WARD. There may be one for a short
distance.
Mr. TOOMBS. It runs over three hundred
miles. I traveled it myself last year. From Gray-
son to Houston, and down to Austin, there are
four-horse post-coaches.
Mr. WARD. That is true.
Mr. TOOMBS. And then, from Grayson to
Arkansas, all along to Memphis, there are four-
horse post-coaches upon the whole route.
Mr. WARD. The distance between the two
roads is very great, notwithstanding. There may
be a parallel for a considerable distance through
settled country that requires those roads. I am
speaking of it after it strikes the settlements of
Texas. It runs through but very few counties
until it leaves all the settlenjpjit roads down to
Houston and Austin, to which the Senator al-
ludes.
Now, Mr. President, if we are to have an over-
land mail route at all, my impression is, that the
route, as it now is, accommodates the greatest
portion of the people of any that could be selected.
It is over the best country, and in the best lati-
tude for traveling to succeed in carrying the mail.
After striking the settlements in Texas, it passes
through a good many counties now being settled,
sparsely to be sure; but still settling very fast, in
its direction to El Paso. There it is met by the
road from San Antonio, to which allusion has
been made. Some allusion, too, has been made
as to its discontinuance. It is a very important
road for that country, and I consider for the whole
country. It is a branch that connects the whole
Gulf coast, a distance of five hundred miles, em-
bracing some of the most important points on the
Gulf, Galveston included, in the direction to New
Orleans. That country is densely settled. It
passes by the valley of the Rio Grande that is
now settling, and has a large voting population.
It does not pass through a wilderness country, as
some supposes; but from the Gulf of Mexico to
El Paso it is a settled country, and from that point
on the road it ceases to be a road running parallel;
it only forms aconnection. Therefore, the road,
falling down, as it does, upon that line meeting
the road from San Antonio, supersedes the neces-
sity of a continuance of two roads, and embraces
a larger portion of country than any other route
—I speak of'settled country—that could be pro-
posed.
The object of the road is to accommodate the
people; and I think that no other route can be se-
lected to accommodate the Pacific and Atlantic
settlements, or the settlements on the Mississippi
river, that would be shorter and accommodate
more people, than the route as it now stands. I
hope that Senators will not conclude that this
branch road to San Antonio is a useless one. We
have connection not only with the coast there,
but with the Atlantic coast; for, from there pack-
ets are iunning direct to New York. This ac-
commodatesalarge portion of the people, not only
on the Gulf coast and in Texas, but elsewhere;
and it is reasonable too. It is the practice of
the traveling community, as well as the commer-
cial world, to seek water transportation as far as
possible; and there is no point that can be found
by which they can come as near the Pacific coast,
as they can by way of the Gulf to San Antonio,
in connection with the route by way of El Paso
to the Pacific coast. I hope no idea will be in-
dulged in of abolishing that route; for it has a
very important connection with the other routes
that are now in use.
