420
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
• Mr. President, I do not rise for the purpose of
advocating this proposition, and I will make no
extended remarks, but I have simply one word to
say in reply to what fell from the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who said that this amendment is
not germane to building a railroad. I humbly sub-
mit it is the only, way you can build a railroad; and
after you can get it built, the only way you can
•ever run it, by having people along the line; the
only way you can defend it. As to the defense of
California, or Oregon, or Washington, the way to
defend that country is to send people there, and
they will defend themselves.
Mr. BELL. I will ask my friend another ques-
tion. The eastern terminus of this road is fixed be-
tween the western boundary of Missouii, and the
south western boundary of Minnesota. Are there
not settlements already extending far west on the
line of any road which may be attempted to be
constructed there? Are there not dense settle-
ments ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This only applies to lands
which are unoccupied, and have not been entered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 desire to ask one or two
questions of the honorable Senator who offered
this amendment, before the vote is taken upon it.
The amendments put upon this bill have been so
numerous and so complicated, that I must con-
fess I have lost my bearings, and do not know
where we are in the bill; and, if it were in order,
I should think the most sensible and reasonable ,
proposition would be, to refer this bill to a com-
mittee for the purpose of ascertaining its present
condition, and reporting back to the Senate where
we are. Leaving that consideration, however,
out of view, I would ask the Senator who offers
this amendment, what width of land on ouch side
of the road, the bill, as it now stands, gives out-
right to the contractors who are to build the road?
Is it twenty miles on each side, or forty miles on
each side ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My amendment docs not
affect the bill as it stands, in that respect; but the
bill as it stands, as I understand it, gives the al-
ternate sections on each side of the road for twenty
miles. In other words, it gives twenty sections
to each mile of railroad.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, I understand the
proposition of the Senator is to open the reserved
sections belonging to theiUovernmcnt to the pro-
visions of the homestead bill, to the extent of
forty nnlcs on each side of the road.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The even-numbered sec-
lions, to the extent of forty miles on each side of
the road; or, in other words, to open forty sec-
tions to caeh mile of the railroad, to the opera-
tion of the provisions of the homestead bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The land which is to be
granted under the provisions of the bill—gt anted
outright to the contractois—I undcistand to bo
the odd-numbered sections.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proposition of the
Senator is to open the even-numbered reserved
sections to the provisions of the homestead bill,
not only to the extent of twenty miles, but to
the further width of twenty miles on each side,
making a width of forty miles on each side of the
road. I wanttoget atthis, whether or not,under
the provisions of this amendment, connected with
the original proposition contained in the bill it-
self, we are not making a present, either to the
eeuier" or the contractors, of the entire body of
public lands, from east to west over the conti-
nent, for a width of at least forty miles—twenty
miles given outright on each side to the contract-
ors, and then forty miles Riven on each side to
settlers?
Air. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow, me one
moment? The Senator is mistaken, so far as the
land allowed to tha contractors is concerned. The
land will extend to about "one half the distance,
five hundred miles ateach end; but for the middle
division, which will be about one thousand miles,
the Government retains the lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The lands that are retained
by the Government, as I understand, are express-
ly stated to be those lands which nobody would
have; but the lands that anybody would be will-
ing to have at any price whatever are the lands
that are given away. I understand that lo be the
theory on which the bill now stands before the
Senate. We are to gire away to the contractors,
for a width of forty miles, twenty on each side of
the road, one half of all -the lands in alternate sec-
tions; and then, having done that, we are to give
away to anybody that will settle upon it the other
half; or, in other words, Congress is now to give
up, from the eastern to the western extremity of
the continent, upon all the unsettled region, a
width of forty miles of the public lands. I want to
understand the proposition, and place it so that
the country and the Senate can well understand it.
The honorable Senator who moves this proposi-
tion tells us that, in his judgment, it is the only
way in which this road can be built. The Sena-
tor is mistaken. I can tell him a better way still.
It is, in addition to the law, to give everybody
who will go there a sum of money and a support
for a few years, with some other incidental ad-
vantages, and he may take my word for it he will
have a'mueh more efficient method of building
this road. [Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 33, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. liroderiek, Chandler, Dixon, Doohttle,
Fes&enden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson of
Ttiimesbco, King, Seward, Shields, Sluail.TiumbuH,
Wade, and WiNon—19.
NAYsj—Messrs. Alien, Tinted, Bayard, Bell, Cematnin,
Uiglcr, Drown, Cliesnut, Claik, Clay, Clmgman, Davis,
Fitcli, FtlzpatEick,Gieen,Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Hun-
ter, lveraon. Jones, Malloty,Mason, t'otk, Push, lieid. Se-
bastian, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Ward, Wright,
and Yuiee—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The otheramendment to
which I referred probably will not meet with op-
position on the part of any member of the Senate.
It is to insert in the twenty-third line oftne seventh
section, after the word " act," 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that the seventh section of the
original bill has been stricken out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state the proposi-
tion, and, perhaps, there will be no objection. It
is to insert:
IVoi'i'W, That until the same shall bo repaid, according
to the provisions of tins act, the sum 01 sums remaining mi-
paid, with the interest thoieon, shall be and lemain a hen
or charge on the whole line ot'the said road, in the nature of
the first mortgage to the United States.
If there be no objection, I ask to have it consid-
ered. By the original bill, §19,500 a mil© are to
be advanced in the bonds of the United States;
bat there is no sccunty whatever that the com-
pany who have charge of this road will not mort-
gage it to somebody else.
Mr. BIGLER. If I am not very much mis-
taken, that provision is in some part of the amend-
ment which I have offered. I think the Senator
will find an express provision that the amount
advanced shall be a first lien on the road from one
terminus to the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My attention was called
to the original bill.
Mr. BIGLER. It is in the bill as amended.
Mr. PCJGII. I move, in the eighth line of the
first section, to strike out the words " San Fran-
cisco in," and insert" the eastern boundary of,"
so as to read "to the eastern boundary of the
State of California." I do not think the Govern-
ment of the United States can justify itself for
building & railroad in a State. It was very good
Democratic doctnne in the days of Jackson and
Madison that wc could not do so. I am willing
to aid in building this road through the Territo-
ries; but I will no more vote to build it in the State
of California than I will in the State of Missouri.
It seems to me it would be well to knowwhether
what was understood to be Democratic doctrine a
good many years ago continues to be so; and I
ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. 1 shall vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio; but not for
the reason which he seems to indicate. If I un-
derstand him, he denies the right of Congress to
make appropriations from the national Treasury
to build a road in a State; but is willing to yield
to the position that they have a right to make
appropriations for building roads in the Territo-
ries. He says he would no more think of build-
ing a road, by appropriations from the National
Treasury, in California, than ho would in Mis-
souu, That is right; but what higher right
have you to make appropriations for building
railroads in a Territory than you have in a State,
with the consent of the State? I can under-
stand very well how Congress cannot, without
the authority of a State, go within its limits
to make improvements of any kind; but, if the
Statc&consants, then she occupies the precise po-
sition of a Territory, whose consent yau do not
require.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. In what mode can the Sena-
tor deduce the principle that the Congress of the
United States can derive jurisdiction and author-
ity through the consent of a State ?
Mr. BROWN. That is farther on. I^wag
coming to that point, I undertake to assert this,
if you have the right to make appropriations
from the national Treasury, for works of inter-
nal improvement in a Territory, you have the
same right in a State^ with the consent of the
State. Why have you not? If you make the
appropriation at all, you assert your-power over
tne Treasury; you assert your power to make the
appropriation for the specific object named; and
the only reason why you cannot appropriate in a
State as well as in a Territory is, that by going
into a State you violate its sovereignty; but if the
sovereignty of the State consents, nay, if it asks
you to make the appropriation, then I should like
my friends from Ohio and Delaware to apply their
legal acumen to the problem, and answer me why
it is that, the sovereign having consented, you
cannot as well make an appropriation in a State as
in a Territory?
I take other grounds, and assert that this is an
authority over the Treasury not delegated to
Congress, and therefore not to be exercised either
in a Territory or in a State. It might be asserted
that the Legislature and Governor of a State could
not speak for the sovereignty, and that a m£re
act of the Legislature inviting you to make a
railroad in a State, would not get clear of the dif-
ficulty; but suppose a State should assemble in
convention, and make it part of her constitution
that Congress be invited to build a railroad through
her whole limits: then 1 watft to know—that is
the point I make to gentlemen; the State having
thus consented, in her highest sovereign capaci-
ty, asked yau to make the appropriation—why
it is that you cannot do it, if indeed, it be true
that you have the right to make such appropria-
tions in the Territories ? Sir, when you agree that
you can make an appropriation from the national
Treasury to build a railroad in a Territory, you
yield the whole constitutional question; and after
that, in the States it depends simply on the con-
sent of the State, and if a State consents, the
whole power becomes complete.
I note the suggestion made by my friend from
Delaware, that the consent of a State even though
given through a convention of her people speak-
ing in their highest and most august capacity,
can not enlarge or diminish the power of Congress.
That is simply an argument which answers the
suggestion that you can make appropriations in
Territories but cannot in the States. If it be true
that you can make appropriations to build rail-
roads in the Territories, then I assert as a se-
quence, that you can make appropriations in a
State if. the State consents to it, because your
power over the Treasury is not greater in the one
case than in the other. I deny it in both.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I will not go into
this argument; but I simply wish to observe that
the Government is not to make one foot of this
road anywhere, m States or Territories.. Itisnot
proposed that the Government shall make the
road, or any portion of the road. It is proposed
to grant alternate sections of land, and I suppose
that is not unconstitutional. If so, that violation
of the Constitution has been made for the benefit
of Mississippi, and Alabama, and Louisiana, and
Arkansas, and I believeall the new States except
California. The only contribution the Govern-
ment gives is the amount of the land, and that, I
suppose, can be done in the States as well as in
the Territories. The residue .of the aid given by
the Government is in the sh^pu of an advance,
! which is to be repaid by services. The Govein-
' ment builds no portion of the road, and I will
state at once to the Senator from Ohio, that al-
though in California we take as much cave of our
State sovereignty as other States, we shall not ob-
ject to this. There will be no outrage committed
on us at all by this bill.
