1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Mr. PUGH I did not hoar the Senator's last
remark.
Mr. GWIdNT. We are State-rights people in
California, but we do not object to this road at all.
Mr. PUGH. I know you would not object to
it. [Laughter.] The fact is, I do not see how
any State-rights man,in California or out of it,
can justify two or three provisions of this bill. "If
this were a bill merely to give to the State of Cal-
ifornia the alternate sections of land on each side
of the road, as we have done in the States of Illi-
nois and Iowa, there would be something in that;
that is to say, the proposition would be plausible,
and stated in terms, it might not be susceptible of
contradiction, although when you came to reduce
it to pfactice it is all land-stealing, as we find it,
but still it is very plausibly put. But this is no
proposition to give California alternate sections;
ft is no proposition'to give California an acre of
land within her limits. It is not like other rail-
road bills. In addition to the extraordinary grant
of land, not made to the State, but to a corpora-
tion, you now go on and put $15,000 of the pub-
lic money for every mile, in that portion of the
road which lies in the State of Californiar. Why
not do it with every other State ?
I have a word to say as to the suggestion that
because the people of California do not object to
it, therefore it is constitutional. It is very fortu-
nate for us that that argument was made in the
days of James Madison, and this is the answer I
want to make to the Senator from Mississippi on
the subject of the consent of the States. Mr.
Madison said—I quote now from Jackson's veto
of the Maysville road bill; he is reciting what
Mr. Madison said at a former day:
" Regarding the bill as asserting a power in the Federal
Government to construct loads and canals within the lim-
its of the States m which they were made, he fMr. Madi-
son] objected to its passage, on the ground ofits unconsti-
tutionality, declaung that the assent of the respective
*Stateb, in the mode piovided by the bill, could not confer
The power in question ; that the only cases m which the
consent and cession of paitieular States can extend the
power of Congress, are those specified and provided for in
the Constitution ; and superadding to these avowals, his
opinion, tliat a restiietien of the power' to provide lor the
common defense ;sm! %'nei al welfare,' to cases which are
to be piuvirted fur by the expenditure of money, would stdl
leave within the Iegislmive power of Congress all the great
and most important measmes of Government, money be-
ing the ordinaly and neees-saiy means ot carrying them into
execution. I have not been able to consider these declar-
ations in any other point of view, than as a concession that
the licht of appropriation is not limited by the power to
carry into effect the measure for winch the money is asked,
as was formerly contended."
When I have one of the fathers of the Demo-
cratic church with me, I will not debate the point
any longer with the Senator from Mississippi.
That was the doctrine formerly; but, to be sure,
we get a great many new tenets brought into the
church. vVe have got, I believe, to specific du-
ties of late years, and I do not know how many
more heresies may creep into the Democratic fam-
ily. I want to know whether this doctrine which
was held by Jackson and by Madison is to bo
overruled for the sake of the Pacific railroad. The
Senator from Mississippi thinks there is no dif-
ference between constructing roads through the
Territories and through the States. Probably, if |
that were a newquestion, I mightagree with him; '
and yet we do know the fact that this Govern-
ment has always made a very great distinction in
its action towards the Territories and towards the
States. I believe it began with the dictum of
Chief Justice Marshall in the case of the Ameri-
can Insurance Company vs. Canter, that we were
a local and a national Legislature combined when-
ever we governed the Territories. But be that as
it may, so far as carrying this road into the State
of California is concerned, it is, in my judg-
ment, a deliberate infraction of the Constitution.
Whether it can be justified m the Territories is a
question not at present involved in my amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE. I desire to offer a substitute for
the bill. I know it is not in order to consider it
now; but I submit it that it may be before the
Senate at the proper time. I think that is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
may offer it by unanimous consent; but it cannot
be considered now.
Mr. RICE. I do not ask for its consideration
now; but my object is to have it before the Senate
that at the proper moment it may be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can send his amendment to the chair.
Mr. RICE. I do not ask to have it read now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair un-
derstands the Senator merely as laying the amend-
ment on the table informally for the present.
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir..
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I yield to no member
of this House in earnestness ana zeal in support of
some proposition, could one be digested by the
Senate, for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean. I have offered no obstructions in the
way of this bill. I have submitted ito amendment
to it. I have voted upon all the propositions
which have been offered. I have listened atten-
tively to the debate on the question since it has
been resumed, after the Christmas holidays. I
have heard the various expressions of opinions
from the different sides of the House, and I am
now constrained, however reluctantly, to comc to
the conclusion that,we are likely to spend a con-
siderable portion of the time of the Senate on this
bill without any beneficial result. I fear that it
will be a fruitless consumption of time at this
session. While it is evident from the expressions
on both sides of the House, and from the votes
which have been taken, that there is a majority
of the body in favor of a railroad to the Pacific,
and who are favorable to the contribution of a
large portion either of the public revenue or of
the public lands, or of both, to accomplish this
great object, yet there is not a majority who are
agreed either as to the route to be pursued, or as
to the extent of the aids or privileges which are
to be granted to this road.
Sir, I have expressed my opinion so unequivo-
cally that I trust no gentleman, however favorable
to this project, will suppose for a moment that I
would give it the go-by at this time, except upon
the grounds which I have already stated. I have
said that I regard it not only as a gigantve project;
but as one for which there is a political necessity,
if we mean to hold our possessions and dominion
on the Pacific coast. I have said that I regard it
as practical, not at a small cost, I admit; but! have
assumed that scicnce, and a sufficient amount
of capital could overcome every obstacle. We
have expended nearly, or perhaps upwards of
half a million dollars already in getting the infor-
mation which we desired, and thought was proper
to be acquired as preliminary to such a measure
as this. We have obtained an immense amount
of information. Scientific gentlemen of the first
class, belonging to the engineer corps of the Arm y,
have reported that more than one route is practi-
cable. They do not state the estimate of the cost
with any exact certainty, though some of them
have attempted to do so. I have said that in the
experience of this country, particularly if we
should be so unfortunate—and it is notlikely that
we shall bo exempt from such a state of things—
as to be involved in war with any powerful mar-
itime nation, it would be economy in the Gov-
ernment to expend $150,000,000 to secure this
work. Upon one occasion, seven years ago, I
announced my opinion in this House that it would
be demonstrated in process of time to be good
economy. I said then that if the eastern and west-
ern coasts of this continent were to adhere together
in political and social connection, and if the ques-
tion were to be whether we should incur a debt or
j contract a loan to contribute §200,000,000 to the
| construction of such a connection between the
Atlantic and Pacific States, it would be true econ-
omy, and would be found to be so.
I do not pretend to go into these considerations
now. I make these statements as a pledge of my
sincerity in the past in advocating such a road,
and to show that it has been my hope, during the
brief term for which I shall occupy a seat in the
Senate, to aid in the construction of this road by
every means in my power. I did hope to be able
to contribute to it; but that hope has vanished.
I do not believe, if we were to occupy another
week—which we can scarcely spare from the con-
sideration of other business—that we should
come to any practical decision, or agree upon the
provisions of any bill which would be likely to be
carried out or be acceptable, or that would obtain
the vote of a majority of this House.
Again, 1 am strengthened in this position, and
in making the proposition with which I shall con-
! elude my remarks, by the further consideration
! that when we shall have passed this bill, it seems
: to me we shall approximate but in a very slight
I degree to a final decision of this question either
by the Senate or by Congress ;for it is. to be pre-
sented again to the consideration of the next Con-
gress. Though both Houses should concur in
the passage of this bill now, the road will not be
a4vanced, for we have reserved in the bill the
right of confirming what we now agree to—the
right of accepting any proposition which may be
made under the provisions of the bill. Therefore,
even if we pass the bill now, we gain nothing in
point of time in reference to the commencement
of this great projept. We do not avoid future con-
tentions on the subject; nay, they may be more
intense than ever. The same sectional and local
jealousies and interests that exist now will con-
tinue to exist during the next Congress and per-
haps forever. I do not alhide to any of the pres-
ent ascerbity existing between one great section
and another, but to the natural and inevitable
jealousies and rivalries of local and sectional in-
terests in regard to a measure of this kind. .We
have a northern sectional interest and a southern
one connected with this road. That cannot be
avoided. There will be great difficulty whenever
the question is presented for a final decision, as
to what line, what route, shall be adopted for the
construction of this road, if Congress shall ever
come to the conclusion that the country must and
will have one. These disturbances to a harmo-
nious decision, these sectional and'local interests,
will still exist. However, the time may come,
and that at no great distance, when the country
will be coerced into a decision in favor of an at-
tempt, at least, at the construction of this road.
I wish now to say a word or two in reference
to the vote I gave a few moments ago against the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle.] In my opinion, if we
build tins road, we can build it with greater econ-
omy; we can build it with more certainty; it will
add to the further practicability of what I already
regard as practicable, with skill, science, and
capital, that settlement be encouraged to extend
with it; and we ought to combine with the pro-
visions of any bill which shall pass Congress, the
idea of extending settlement with it as it pro-
gresses, by every means reasonably within our
power anu discretion. We gave an entire section
of land to each head of a family who might emi-
grate to Oregon, when the settlements there were
weak and feeble. We designed it for a beneficent
purpose, and a great political purpose, and an
economical purpose; the building up of a popula-
tion there who could defend themselves, especially
against the Indian tribes in their neighborhood.
I remember that a question arose at'the last ses-
sion, in relation to some proposition with refer-
ence to the new territory that we denominate
Arizona. The proposition was to give to settlers
.a largo portion of lands, perhaps the alternate
sections—I do not know the exact shape of the
proposition—at all events, it was to invite settlers
there by making donations of land to settlers. I-
objected in open Senate to the proposition, inas-
much as it was likely to deprive the Government
of the means of constructing a road to the Pacific
by contributing a portion of the public domain
for that purpose. 1 was answered by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
who said, " no, it is a favorable proposition; we
can never construct the road, unless with the pro-
! gress of settlement; that is what we want; and
there will be abundance of land in that country,
if it is taken in the proper direction, to contribute
all that will be useful to be contributed in lands
towards the railroad, and having these settlements
will reduce the cost and make the construction
of a road more feasible and practicable." ForthiS
j reason, whenever Congress comes to decide it, I
| think a majority will see clearly that it is true
' policy to encourage settlement, even by donations
to settlers, if you please, (if the preemption usually
granted in the settlement of our new Territories
is not sufficient,) of a certain proportion of the
lands lying upon the railroad route, in order to
have a population to grow the provisions for the
support of the hands that work on the road, and
defend themselves against the numerous hostile
tribes that may be in its neighborhood.
Now, sir, having made these remarks, I sub-
mit the proposition which I designed to offer, if
no gentleman objects to my doing so. It is not a
very well digested proposition as to language; but,
in substance, it wiil be seen that it embraces pretty
much every important idea suggested the other
