1504
TOE C0MG&18SIGNAL '©LOB®.
Marfch 1,
sedms to be predicated upon a prejudice more to
the contractors tM-n to the necessity of continue
ing this route, that I could hot resist the inclina-
tion I have to do. justice to all Sections of the
country. '
Mr. BRODERICK. I dislrke very much to
differ with the distinguished Senator from Texas,
but tie is entirely mistaken. This is a duplicate
reute as for as Los Angeles; but, by rrtakifig a.
connection from Los Angeles to San Diego, the
people-ofSan Diego will get ill theifttslliger>«e
that passes from' Memphis and St. Louis twice
a week. It was the understanding, at the iime
this $600,000 contract Was mader that this south-
ern route was to be dispensed with. I suppose
my colleague recollects it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from Cal-
ifornia allow me-to aSk him a question.'
Mr. BRODERICK. With pleasure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Did I understand him to
say that there is now a semi-weekly mail from
Los Angeles to San Diego—a local mail?
Mr. BRODERICK. A weekly mail. It wai
semi-monthly, for which the Government paid
#146,000. -
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not the point I am
at. The Senator does not understand my ques-
tion. 1 understand all about the mail by San An-
tonio; but I want to know if there iea local mail
in California runmVig between Lds Angeles and
San Diego?
Mr. BRODERICK. I am hot sure whether
there is or not.
Mr. YULEE. Thei-e is not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there not one?
Mr. YULEE. Thfcr'e is not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then, how is the mail to
be connected from Fort Yuma with San Diego ?
How does the Senator propose to connect that
mail, if he strikes out that southern service?
Mr. 15RODERICK. Well, sir, I will connect
it by making a contract for carrying the mail be-
tween Los Angeles lincl San Diego, a distance of
one hundred miles.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How much less will the
Senator get it carried for than from Fort Yuma to
San Diego?
Mr. BRODERICK. I suppose it would be
carried twico a week for $3,000 a year, or not
mox-e than tliat. I,t is but one hundred miles. '
Mr, BENJAMIN. Lookingatthe map before
me, it Seems to me that the distance between Los
Angeles and San Diego is very nearly as great as
from Fort Yuma to San Diego; and therefore
there would be nothing gained by striking out that
portion.of the route between Fort Yuma and San
Diego, if you have to substitute for it another to
Los Angeles. Then, if the Senator will look at
it, he will find that the eastern end of that route,
from San Antonio up to El Paso, with the pres-
ent con tract, supplies the valley of the Pecos river,
where there is a heavy population, and that this
contract carries the local mail. How will he
supply that, if he strikes out that part of the
route ?
Mr. BRODERICK. That is already supplied
by Butterfielil.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, the Pecos river is not
supplied by Butterfield. From San Antonio to
El Paso is not supplied by Butterfield.
Mr. BRODERICK. That is not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not to be denied.
Then the portion which Butterfield's contract.sup-
plies is not included m the southern route. There
is a gap in that.
Mr. BRODERICK. A gap between Fort Yuma
and El Paso.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Here the southern route is
bid for,-from San Antonio to El Paso, and that
supplies Pecos valley; and then they also bid for,
as a separate route, the western extremity between
Fort Yuma and San Diego. There, again, there is
no connection unless you continue that route.
The intermediate point between El Pasoand Fort
Yuma is not bid for on the southern route at all,
but it is supplied by the Butterfield contract; so
that if you strike out the southern route, you will
have to replace it by a local mail on the Pecos
river, to supply,the Texas population, fend by a
loeal mail connecting San Diego with Los An-
geles, neither of which could be carried for less
than the present contract. You gain nothing.
Mr. BRODERICK. We gain a great deal. I
am willing they should dispense with the San
Diego mail, if that would satisfy the Senator from.
Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Anything will satisfy me
that is for the public service.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir; there is but a
small population in San Diego; and I think the
people .of Los Angeles and San Diego could get
mail service performed for about three thousand
dollars, or for a very small amount of money. It
is a v ?ry short distance.
Mr. YULEE. Immediately in connection with
the last remark of the Senator from California,
and in connection with what the Senator from
Louisiana was saying, I am informed by the Sen-
ator from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] that he has trav-
eled over both routes between Los Angeles and
San Diego, and between Fort Yuma and San
Diego; and that he preferred the route from Fort
Yuma to San Diego, to that from Los Angeles;
that it can be performed more easily.
Mr. BRODERICK. What is the distance ?
Mr. YULEE. I do not know; but the Senator
stated it was the easier route.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It appears on the map to
be some distance.
Mr. BRODERICK. One more word, and I have
done. I ask the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, if it was not understood at the time the
Butterfield contract was made, that the southern
route was to be dispensed with; that itwasatem-
porary mail route?
Mr. YULEE. I never heard any such mutual
understanding. I voted myself against the But-
terfield route; and I was diligent to hear whatever
was said about it.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator from California if that is not so? That was
my understanding at. the time. ,
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to enter into the
debate, because I believe I am solitary and alone
on this subject. I hope nobody will take spasms
when I say that I am in favor of all the routes,
and always have been, and always intend to stand
up for them. I look upon this policy of extend-
ing routes across the continent, and establishing
connections with the various sections of the Union
over this uninhabited country, as one of the most
important policies ever adopted by this Govern-
ment. I have been in favor of all of them from
the first; and I will go so far as to say, notwith-
standing I expect to be looked upon almost as a
monster, that I am in favor of another route from
St. Paul to Puget Sound; and I will put it on this
bill, or any other, if I can do it.
In regard to this service, this Butterfield con-
tract is a legislative contract. It is well known to
members of the Senate that two years ago, about
this time, it was passed by a very decided major-
ity—the Senator from Florida, and others, voting
against it. The contract from San Antonio, by
El Paso, to San Diego, was one of those routes
j regularly advertised for throughout the United
1 Stntes, and was awarded to the lowest bidder in
j 1857, and was put into operation on the 1st of
! July, as all other new routes were at that time.
But, inasmuch as this legislative contract was then
| about to be advertised, and was advertised, and
1 was let before that contract was made, there was
a provision inserted in this contract from San An-
tonio to San Diego, that if the other route was
established, and touched that line in any portion
or run over the same ground, it was to be discon-
tinued for that space. That was the only point,
' and that is done, I believe, in all contracts on
I every route in the United States, that there shall
1 not be double service. The Government does not
pay for two mails on the same route to different
1 contractors; so that, when the overland mail was
• established, and was located front Memplus^ind
St. Louis, going by El Paso to Fort Yuma and
' to San Fiancisco, when it went into operation
that portion of the service on the San Antonio and
San Diego route that passed over the same space
' of ground from El Paso to Fort Yuma was discon-
tinued, and for that portion of it the contractor re-
ceived no compensation. Thejjroraia was stricken
off. At the same time, to accommodate that sec-
; tion of the country, and to build up this route,
: which is one of the most important, not only po-
litically, but to our military posts, the Postmaster
General increased the service from semi-monthly
to weekly, which brought it up, as stated, to
$196,000—the pro rata for that portion of the ser-
i vice between El Paso and Fort Yuma having been
taken off the semi-monthly service. I believe I
have arTsWered the question of the Senator, if that
was the questibn hemade.
In addition to that, I will state that the distance
from Fort Yuma to San Diego is about two
hundred and thirty miles; the distance from San
Diego to Los-Angeles is about one hundred and
thirty or one hundred and forty miles—a differ-
ence of fVom seventy to one hundred miles in the
two rdutes. The mails from Los Angeles now
are conveyed to San Pedro, and from there by
water to Los Angeles, under the contract made in
1847. The mails are taken there by water. There
has been an overland mail or monthly mail, which
I believe has been discontinued, between Los An-
geles and San Diego. As I stated, I am in favor
of the whole of that service. I am in favor of
increasing it. But I want to speak a little, as is
rarely done, to the question before the Senate—
and that is the proposition introduced by the Sen-
ator from California, in regard to increasing the
time and the service on the route from St. Joseph
to Placerviile. I am decidedly in favor of it. I
hope it will be passed.
The service ought to be increased. I am sorry
the Senator has not brought in a proposition to
reduce the time for each trip to twenty days. The
contractors can do it in twenty days, and will do
it if encouraged by the Government. I am sorry,
also, that he did not take under his charge another
route which is meritorious, but which has been
disparaged here very much—the route on the
thirty-fifth parallel—and bring it within twenty
days. By keeping up these routes you will people
all that section of country. They are more im-
portant to us than any legislation we can have,
except the fortification of our coast. They will
give us a continual stream of emigration and travel,
backwards and forwards, through the various sec-
tions intervening between the Mississippi river
and Pacific coast. I am in favor of various routes
between the thirty-second and forty-ninth paral-
lels. All of them are of the utmost possible im-
portance to us. I hope the Senate will agree to
adopt the proposition which is now offered to
bring down this service to twenty-five days, and
increase the price to $160,000, for which it can be
done; and I believe the contractors would almost
be willing to undertake to -do it in twenty days,
for the same sum of money. It is a great route;
it ought to be encouraged in every possible way.
There is now a telegraph from here to St. Joseph;
and beyond that, and on the other side, we have
a telegraph over the Sierra Nevada mountains,
coming towards Salt Lake, and, with a little en-
couragement from this Government, it will soon
be completed all the way across; but we dare not
ask anything now, for the Treasury is bankrupt,
and there is a spirit of destruction and pulling
down prevalent here, in regard to all appropria-
tions. Seeing that, I had not intended to speak
again in regaid to any of these questions during
this session. There seems to be a destructive
spirit abroad, and, therefore, I did not intend to
mingle in this discussion, but only to say that I
hope this substitute will be voted in, and then that
the amendment, as thus amended, will be adopted.
Mr. BRODERICK. I regret very much that
the Senator did not take charge of this matter.
His intimacy with the Postmaster General is
such that he would be heard here on such a sub-
ject when I would not be.
Mr. GWIN. I did not wish to take charge of
it. I said that I wished the Senator had proposed,
also, to increase the service on the Stockton route,
I by the thirty-fifth parallel, which I was in favor
of; but I did not want to mingle in this matter at
all.
Mr. BRODERICK. I want to be practical, if
I can. I want to lessen the time over the St. Jo-
seph and Placerviile route to twenty-five days; it
is now thiity-eight. I would ask the Senator, if
i ho cannotget thisincreaseof service withoutabol-
ishing the extreme southern mail route from San
| Antonio to San Diego, whether he will sacrifice
; this great northern mail for that extreme south-
ern' mail, when the Government is already pay-
| $600,000 a year for carrying a mail from Mem-
; phis to San Francisco ? ItisevidentthatCongress
! will not make any further appropriations for car-
rying the mails between the Atlantic States and
California; will not add to the whole service; but
| the service can be had for $40,000 less than we
; are now paying, and I hope the Senate will see
