1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
428
forthwith ? It looks to me like going up the hill i
and coming down again. Why not move his '
proposition as a substitute for the bill now pend-
ing?
Mr. BELL. I cannot do it. The honorable
Senator will see that this is the parliamentary
mode of getting clear of all the amendments pend-
ing, and those which may be offered; it concludes
the question at once. If the majority of the Sen-
ate should think with me that we are wasting
time; that it is not likely any bill to construct a
railroad will pass the Senate; and that we shall
consume day after day without any good result;
the friends of the measure, numerous as they are,
not being able to agree among themselves, then
my proposition is to recommit with the instruc-
tions Mfeave moved. Now is the time to amend
my proposition if it commends itself .to the Sen-
ate at all; for when ij. is reported back, it will be
put to a vote whether they will pass it. It over-
rides all amendments; and in no way could you
get the question before the Senate but by moving
to recommit with instructions to report this prop-
osition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is now about the usual
time of adjournment, and I should like to have
that proposition printed, in order that the Senate
may see it. They probably will not act on it un-
til it is printed. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BELL. Let it be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be printed.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair will
ask the indulgence of the Senate to correct amis-
apprehension which exists in the Senate, and per-
haps in the Chair himself, as to the condition of
this bill. By reference to the Journal of last ses-
sion, it is ascertained that this bill was reported
to the Senate. It is not now in Committee of the
Whole. The Chair makes this suggestion, lest
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
might be misled. The only way of reaching his
proposition, which was submitted some time ago,
will be to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Bigler] was adopted, if that be desired.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to interfere
witli the motion to print this amendment. I sup-
posed it would be printed as a matter of course.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose the Senator will
give way for a motion to pi int.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will waive his mo-
tion to adjourn for a moment, it would be very
convenient for us -to have the bill of the select
committed, as it has been amended by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, printed;
and I make that motion, to print it in the form in
which it is now presented. I move to print the
bill as amended, and the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection on the part of the Senate, tlie'oider to
print the bill as amended, and the proposition of
the Senator from Tennessee, will be made. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the
amendment which I offered some time since was,
in fact, in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was not in
order, the Chair will inform the Senator. The
only way, as the Chair suggested, of reaching the
Senator's object, would be by a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
'Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Maine will
withdraw that motion for a moment, I merely
want to call the attention of the Senate and the
Presiding Officer to the fact that on the part of tfie
minority of the select committee which reported
tlie bill, I reported a substitute as the view of my-
self and those who concurred with me, being the
minority of the committee. That substitute has
never been reached. Amendments have been of-
fered, one after another, and I certainly desire the
expression of the Senate upon the suostitute pie-
sented by the minority, before we are cut off by
the proposition to commit, with a '' forthwith
annexed. The views presented by the report of
the minority are quite the reverse, in some re-
spects, of those in the majority bill. Among oth-
ers, we carefully abstained from entering the lim-
its of a State, carefuliy guarded ii so that no power
should be assumed bv the Federal Government
to construct a railroad or to create a corporation, j
except in the intermediate territory lying between i
the Atlantic and the Pacific States. This presents j
theopposite view to the bill of the majority of the ,
committee, and I think I have the right, at least, j
to have the expression of the opinion of the Sen- j
ate upon it before it is committed in the form of i
the proposition of the Senator from Tennessee, i
Mr. 1VERSON. The remarks of the Senator ;
from Mississippi require at my hands a short ex- j
planadon in regard to the minority report. The j
Senator characterized it as a report of the minor- j
ity of the committee. I take this occasion to say
that I did not concur in the substitute which the
Senator from Mississippi presented. He misun-
derstood me. I did not concur in that, and I am
not in favor of it. It appropriates §10,000.000 out
of the Treasury for the construction of this road.
To that I am unequivocally opposed. I do not
believe the Government has any power under the
Constitution to appropriate a dollar out of the '
Treasury for the construction of this or any other
road, or any other work of internal improvement.
That is my opinion. I did not, therefore, concur
in the Senator's bill; I do not believe it is a bill
whic;h ought to pass. I did concur with him in
many views winch he expressed in the commit-
tee, and has probably embodied in his bill; but as
to the substitute he has offered, I must say it does
not present my vie'ws,
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Georgia has
enjoyed an opportunity of stating that he did not
concur in the bill which I have reported, when I
believe I have not said he did.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 was in the minority of the
committee, and therefore supposed I was included ;
in the Senator's remark. ;
Mr. DAVIS. 1 thought I had the Senator's j
authority, as one of the minority, to report that
bill; but whether I had or not, 1 said it was tlie i
bill of a minority of the committee. The Sena-
tor, therefore, has merely defended himself before ,
he was accused.
Mr. 1VERSON. The Senator said that the |
minority of the committee reported a bill; that it
contained the views of the minority. 1 was in ;
the minority, and therefore was in that category; !
hence I wished to set myself right. The Senator j
was mistaken in supposing that I gave authority
for reporting the substitute. To be sure, I pre- j
ferred his bill to that of the committee. ;
Mr. DAVIS. Then there was only one for it. j
I was that minority, and I shall stand by it. j
Mr. BELL. If the honorable Senator from !
Mississippi desires my motion to be postponed
until the question can be taken on his amendment, '
I will withdraw it with great pleasure. But I sa w
that there were oilier amendments. Still, I wiU
not press my motion until l^e gets the sense ot
the Sonate on his proposition, if such be his de-
sire.
Mr. DAV-IS. I shall yield most cheerfully to
any decision the Senate may make. I answered
my whole purpose in calling the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the Views which,I enter- ,
tain were in- a printed substitute, -rfhich came in
with the bill, and on which 1 desired a vote of
the Senate. If, however, tlie Senate, having their
attention called to the fact, choose to pass over
it, and not to take a vote on the proposition, but
to accept the substitute now offered m a parlia-
mentary form by the Senator from Tennessee, I ;
shall yield very cheerfully.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have no idea that we are going
to pass this bill; and I suppose I feel as very
many other Senators do—that we arc wasting a
good deal of precious time upon it. I do not
think it would be fair, at this late hour of the even-
ing, when a good many Senators have retired
from the Chamber, to demand a vote upon laying
the bill upon the table. I make that motion, how-
ever, and ask the yeas and nays on it. When
they shall have been ordered, I am quite willing
that the Senator from Maine shall press his mo-
tion to adjourn, and let us, when the bill comes
up to-morrow, everybody being notified that we
are going to take a vote to lay it on the table, bo
Ij present and vo'e for it or against it. If we are
i1 determined to go on with it and have a final test
"i vote on its passage, let us do that. If we have
;! made up our nunds, as I think we ought to have
jj done by tliis time, that we cannot pass the bill,
|! let us have a test vote in full Sonate. 1 therefore,
n at this hour of the evening, submit a motion to
lay on the table; and ask for the yeas and Bays
on that motion. . *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
On motion of Mr.'FESSENDEN; the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES;
Tuesday, January 18,1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Eev. F. Swetzel.
TheJournalof yesterday wasreadand&pprovedr
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Ashiirt Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the'
House that the Senate had passed the following
joint resolution and bills of that body, in which
"he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A resolution (No. 69) conferring the rank of
senior flag-officer on the active service list of the
United States Navy on Captain Charles Stewart;
A bill (No, 233) for the relief of James Mac-
caboy; and
A bill (No. 449) authorizing a transfer to State
authorities of the books, papers, &c., of discon-
tinued land districts under certain circumstances.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BOYCE. I rise to a ftrivileged question.
The Committee of Elections have instructed me
to report the evidence on the contested election
case from Nebraska, and to ask that the same be
printed and recommitted to the committee.
It was so ordered.
Mr. VALLAND1QHAM. I derfiand the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. .TEWETT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for reference only.
] hope there will be no objection. I want to have
the bill referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insiston the reg-
ular order of business.
CHARGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. ADRIAN. I hope the gentleman will
waive his call for the regular order of business
for a moment. The petition of Mrs. Eliza M.
Evans was referred by mistake to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions instead of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. I ask that the
petition be withdrawn from the one committee
and referred to the other.
Mr. NICHOLS. If objection be made in one
case it ought to be made in all; and I therefore
object.
Mr. ADRIAN. I hope I shall be allowed to
have this petition referred to the right committee.
I should really like to know-what gentleman ob-
jected to my application, for I did not hear. I
hope the gentleman, whoever he may bo, will
withdraw his objection. I simply ask a change
of reference.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness was called for and insisted on by a gentle-
man on the right, and objection was afterwards
made to anything being done except the regular
order of business by a gentleman on the left of the
Chair. *
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope, then, the gentleman
on the left will withdraw his objection, and allow
this petition to go to the right committee. It was
referred to the wrong committee by mistake.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, commencing where the call
was suspended on Thursday last—with the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOI1N COCHRANE. I am instructed by i
the Committee on Commerce to offer the follow-
i ing resolution:
; Reioh-eJ, That the standing committees of the House,
! which at the last session thereof were authorized to employ
j clerks, be autliouzcd to employ clerks for the present aes.-
i mod, at the same rate of compensation ; and (hat their com-
! pensatiou be from the date oi their seivice.
: Mr. DEAN. I object to that.
| Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I report the reso-
! lution from the Committee on Commerce. I ask
i that it be adopted, and move the previous ques-
i tion upon it.
Mr. MORGAN. Is lliat resolution received ?
i The SPEAKER. It is reported from the Coro-
, roittee on Commerce, as the Chair understands.
