426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
the committee should be authorized to report at
any time. I hope the gentleman will modify his
motion in that respect,
Mr. STANTON. The only object of it is that
if the bill be once reported to the Hou|£, it will
not take a moment to pass it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise t<ni ques-
tion of order. The House cannot agrel^to the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio authorizing
the select committee to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a single objection is fatal to the proposition.
Mr. STANTON. Then I waive that part of
my motion, and move that the bill be referred to
a select committee of three.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS FOR BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. COBB. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to rcpoita bill predicated on
that portion of the President's message which
was referred to "that committee. .
The bill providing for satisfying claims for
bounty lands, and far other purposes, was read
a first and second time.
It provides that the act entitled " An act grant-
ing further time for satisfying claims for bounty
lands, and for other purposes," approved Febru-
ary 8, 1854, and the act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for satisfying claims for bounty lands for
military service in the late war with Great Brit-
ain, and for other- purposes," approved January
27,1842, and also the two acts approved January
27,1835, therein and thereby revived, shall be re-
vived and continued in force without restriction
or limitation as to time.
Mr. COBB. Those who have examined the
public documents are aware that this question is
submitted, by the Executive, to the consideration
of Congress. I have here a long letter from the
Depaitment, but I think I can make a statement
to the House of the objects of the bill, which will
consume less time than the reading of the letter.
Under the act granting bounty land to the officers
and soldiers of the war of 1812, those who en-
listed for five years, or during the war, were
entitled to bounty lands, and in case of their de-
cease it went to their descendants or legal repre-
sentatives. There are some fifty or sixty cases
of that kind, and all wariants issued and not lo-
cated under the provisions of tire act of June last,
when the law expired, are entirely woithless.
The Department recommend that that law be re-
vived, in order that all these cases may be dis-
posed of. The act has i>oen twice revived since
I fcavc been a member of Congress; and this bill
proposes to extend it indefinitely, in order that
the cases of the descendants of this meritorious
class may be disposed of.
The bill was! ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to re*.on^idcr the vote by
which tile bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND ERRONEOUSLY SOLD.
Mr. COBB. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report a bill, also predicated
on the President's message. It m a bill to amend
an actcntitlcd "Ail act authorizing repayrnentfor
land erroneously sold by the United States.1'
The bill was ieml a first and second time.
It provides that ihe act of Congress authorizing
repayment tor land erroneously sold by the Uni-
ted States, approved January 12,1825, be amended
so'as to authorize the Secretary of the Interior,
upon proof being made to his satisfaction that
any tract of land has been erroneously sold by
the United States, so that, from any cause what-
ever, the sale cannot bo confirmed, to repay to
purchaser or purchasers, or to the legal repre-
sentatives or assignees of the purchaser or pur-
cliaseis thereof, the sum or sums of money that
may have been paid therefor, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill furiher provides that, whenever any
tract of land has been erroneously sold as afore-
said, and the sum or sums of money which may
have been paid for the same shall have been in-
vested in any stock held in trust, or shall have
been paid into the Treasury of the United Stptes
to the credit of any trust fund, it shall be lawful,
by the sale of such portion of said stock as may |
be necessary for ihat purpose, or out of such trust j
fund, for repayment of the purchase money to be ;
made to the parties entitled thereto. !
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
SIXTEENTH AND THIRTY-SIXTH SECTIONS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize settlers upon
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections, who set-
tled before the survey of the public lands, to pre-
empt their settlements; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. COBB. I desire to have that bill, which
is also predicated upon Executive recommenda-
tion, put upon its passage.
The bill which was read provides that, where
settlements with a view to'preemption which have
been made before the surveys, shall be found to
have been made upon sections sixteen or thirty-
six, said sections shall be subject to the preemp-
tion claims of such settlers; and, if the section
shall have been, or shall be, reserved or pledged
for the use <5f schools or colleges in the State or
Territory m which the lands lie, other lands in
like quantity are appropriated in lieu of such as
may be patented to preemptors. The bill appro-
priates other lands to compensate for deficiencies
for school purposes, where the sixteenth or thirty-
sixth sections are fractional in quantity, or wanting
by reason of the townships being fractional, or
from any natural cause whatever.
The bill was ordered to be ongrosscd, and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICTS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. COBB also, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 375) to create two
additional land districts in the Territory of Wash-
ington; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying papers, ordered to bo printed.
COMPENSATION OF SURVEYORS.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
also instruct me to report back House bill (No. 41G)
to authorize augmented rates for surveying the
public lands in the Territory of Washington. The
committee think these surveyors are getting along
very well there at their present rate of compensa-
tion. They do not think it necessary to increase
the rates until the Governmentfinds it cannot get
its surveys made at the present prices. I there-
fore ask that the bill may be laid on the table,
and the committee discharged from its further
consideration.
! The motion was agreed to.
SCHOOL LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. COBB. I am also instructed to report
back from the Committee on Public Lands a bill
referred to it, on the motion of the Delegate from
the Territory of Nebraska, to authorize the entry
of land for school purposes, in Sarpy county,
Nebraska Territory, with the recommendation
that it do pass. My friend from Nebraska is
anxious that it should pass; but if it will come up
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union during the time set apart for territorial
purposes, 1 will allow it to go there. Tt is to allow
the school commissioners of Sarpy county, Ne-
braska, to locate other lands in lieu of their school
sections, fractions of which have been taken from
them by certain reservations allowed by the In-
dian commission. They simply ask that they
may have other lands for those taken from .them,
upon the unoccupied lands of the Government.
X ask the Chair whether, if this bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it will come up during the time sot apart
for the consideration of territorial business'
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. COBB. Then I think the bill had better
be passed now. It will not take more-thana few
minutes. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that, whereas by
a treaty between the United States arid the Omaha
Indians, said Indians ceded their land in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska to the United States, a reservation
was made on a part of section thirty-six, in town-
ship fourteen north, range five, of which a large
part has been preempted, the commissioners for
the public schools in Sarpy county shall be au-
thorized to locate six hundred and forty acres of
land upon any of the unoccupied lands belonging
to the Government in said county.
Mr. COBB. I think the bill ought to pass; and
I hope there will be no objection.
The bill was o/dered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB also, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill (No. 742) to authorize
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Ne-
braska to provide for leasing school sections six-
teen and thirty-six, in said Territory, for the
benefit of common schools; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
MINNESOTA BOUNDARY LINE.
Mr. COBB. I now report another bill from the
Committee on Public Lands, founded upon that
part of the President's message referred to our
committee, to run, mark, and establish the west-
ern boundary of the State of Minnesota.
The bill was read a first and second time. •
Mr. COBB. I Tyish to put that bill on its pass-
age, though as the second section makes an ap-
propriation 1 cannot do it if any gentleman objects.
The objcct is to make provision for running and
marking that portion of the western boundary
line of Minnesota, which is not marked by natu-
ral boundaries, designated in the act to enable the
people of that State to form a constitution and
State government. It is believed the distance is
about'one hundred and thirty miles. The second
section makes an appropriation of $5,000 to carry
out the object. If there is any objection it must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
the Union.
Mr. GROW. Oh no, let it be passed now.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and, being
engrossed, was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
GRAND CHENIERE ISLAND.
Mr. COBB. I have a case here in which my
friend from Louisiana [Mr. Sandidge] is inter-
ested. He has been to me frequently to have it
taken care of. I report back from the Commit-
tee on PublicLands, House bill (No. 683) recog-
nizing the survey of the Grand Cheniere Island,
State of Louisiana, as approved by the surveyor
general, and for other purposes.
Mr. HATCH. Has the morning hour ex-
pired >
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HATCH. Then I move that we go to the
business on the Speaker's table. I do this for the
purpose of referring Senate bill for the improve-
ment of St. Clair tints to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. By the arbitrary
ruling of this House, this bill must go there, and
I desire that this only step which can now be taken
for its passage should be taken. I hope gentlemen
will not oppose it, as there will be another occa-
sion when they will have an opportunity to mani-
fest their opposition, for it never can be put on its
passage, except its friends can secure a vote of
two thirds of this House. I say this, so that the
people in the lake State may know the difficulties
to be overcome in its passage.
Mr. COBB.- Will the gentleman withdraw that
motion until I may put this bill upon its passage ?
Mr. HATCH. It will consume too much time.
Mr. COBB. Then let me have a motion to re-
commit entered, so as to keep the bill before the
House.
The motion was entered.
Mr. HATCHf"* My object is to have taken up
the first bill from tne Senate upon the Speaker's
table, m order that itma'y be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
It is a bill making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the St. Clair flats.
