1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Am
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union.
PRINTING OF CERTAIN PAPERS.
Mr. FAULKNER. . I ask the gentleman to
suspend that motion a moment, in order that I
may submit a request from the Committee on
Military Affairs, unanimously agreed to: which
is, that, certain documents be ordered to be printed,
without which they will be unable to proceed in
their investigation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope that re-
quest will be granted. It is a public document,
appertaining to pltblic matters.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 ask that the report of the
First Auditor, exhibiting in detail the matters
connected with the Washington and Oregon war-
debt, be ordered to be printed; and also to report
a bill for the better organization of the general
staff of the engineer and ordnance corps;«.nd that
it be ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly. . ,
Mr. HATCH. Is my motion in order?
' The SPEAKER. It is not; the motion ofthe
gentleman from Missouri takes precedence'.
Mr. HATCH. I hope the House will vote that
motion down.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask that the
minority report ofthe Committee on lerritories,
011 the Oregon bill, be received and ordered to be
printed. , ,
The SPEAKER. The majority report has al-
ready been ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It has. I wish
all the papers before the House, in order to pie-
pare members for the question when it comes up.
There was no objection; and
llr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, submitted a minority report on the Oregon
bill; which was ordered to be printed.
NAVY-YARD CHARGES.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have received from \V. B. Allen, a citizen of New
York, of the highest standing and character, a
written communication making specific and de-
tailed charges against certain civil officers in the
Navy Department, which, if true, would justify
impeachment. 1 have also received a letter from
a member of this House, stating that, as a matter
of common occurrence,certain officers in the navy-
vard^jt Brooklyn have sold employments and
officJPrci that yaid. I have been shown affidavits
Omcewnu uittu yaiu. * um.V ww*...
and certificafes of workmen which, if true, would
prove this charge to be well founded. iVJy atten-
tion' nas been called to a printed statement in a
Philadelphia paper containing somewhat similar
charges in regard to the navy-yard at 1 hiladel-
phia, and to contracts m that city. I therefoie
am compelled by a sense of duty to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas D. B. Allen, a cittzeu of the State of Now Yoik,
specifically charges tliat ceitain officers in the Navy Da-
p&nment, in awarding contracts for the construction of
vessels of war of the United States, have been guilty of par- |
tiahty, and of violation of law and their public duty: and '
wheieas grave charges have been made that money appro-
puated for navy-yaids and for the repair of vessels ot uie
United Slates, has been expended for pai'is-an puiposes,
and not foi the purposes prescribed by law: Therefore,
Resolved. That a committee of five members he appointed
to examine, 1. Into the specifications and bids for, and the
terms of the contiact for the vvmk and tabor done, or ma-
terials furnished for the vessels of the United State*, con-
structed oi m the process of construction or repair, by the
United States, mhcc the 4th duy ot March, 1857, and the
mode and niannei of awarding said contiact-., arid the m- j
ducements and leeommondation* influencing said awards, i
2 Into the mode and manuci, and the purpose, m vvl,,ct' i
the money appiopiiated for the navy and dock-yards and I
f t ercpar and mc.ease of vessels, has been expended. ;
T m sa.dCommittee have power to .enJ for p-r^ons and
papeis, and lmve leave to report by I.ill or otlieiwive |
Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. If it is the desire |
of the House, I will have these communications
read; but m my judgment, the publicservice will
be best advanced' by referring them, without read- I
in°r, to the select committee. t
The SPEAKER; Is there objection to the res-
olution? , .
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the committee will
postpone this matter until the Oregon bill is re-
ported. After that I shall not object.
Mr, FLORENCE. Do not object. We do not
want to stifle inquiry.
Mr. HUGHES. I do not want to stifle in-
quiry. I want the Oregon bill reported to the
House,and I intend to object to everything which
requires unanimous consent until it is repo'ited.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope that no
objection will be made to the introduction of the
resolution; and I hope, further, that there will be
no debate on it now. ,
Mr. HUGHES. It is suggested to me that this
matter will facilitate the introduction of the Ore-
gon bill, and therefore I withdraw my objection.
Mr. "WINSLOW. I think that justice de-
mands that these papers shall be read. Let us
lsnow on what we are acting.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to state
that I have omitted one clause of this letter, be-
cause it names persons without giving specific
facts to base the charges upon; but I have'the
original document, which I will produce to the
committee. The rest of the communication I ask
to have read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest that if the
resolution be adopted, these papers should be re-
ferred to the select committee. We do not want
to have an ex parte case put upon the record. I
do not want any prejudgment of the ease in that
way. It is altogether out of the question to have
these papers read now, and I therefore move that,
in conformity with the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, these papers be referred to the
select committee.
Mr. WINSLOW. I withdraw the call for the
reading of the papers.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its opciation
the resolution was adopted. ■
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move that the
papers be referred to the select committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it for granted that the
last motion made by the gentleman is not a proper
motion. I have been paying no especial attention
to the proceedings thathave just taken place, but
it seems to me that the papers should not be re-
fen ed. . ,
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
I do not understand that any debate is in ordei.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to" econsider the vote
by which the papers were referred to the select
committee. . , t .
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio.. I withdraw that
motion. . ,
Mr. HOUSTON. My reason is this: that the
parties who make these chaiges aie competent
witnesses, and can go and give testimony before
the committee. It is proper that they should be
made witnesses, and should be subject to the or-
dinary test of examination before they make evi-
dence to commit or impeach the integrity of any
body. These ex parte papers ought not to go, un-
der the indorsement of' the House, either to the
committee or to the country, as evidence. The
letters are written by persons who are competent
witnesses in the case, and who will, if the com-
mittee just raised does its duty, be before that com-
mittee, and have their evidence taken.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw the
motion.
EXPENSES OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House reports
from the Secretary of the Tieasury, in compliance
with the third section of the act ot Junel4,looo,
submitting a plan for reducing the expenses of
collecting the revenue; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
exploration of the amoor river.
The SPEAKER also laid before ihe House a
com munication f rom the Secretai y of State, trans-
mitting a communication to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in relation to the memorial of I.
McB. Collins, praying compensation for, and re-
lmbursementof expenses in making explorations
of the Amoor river; which was lefeired to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
i ^Mr.^CL AY. The letter of the Secretary of
j State'on the subject of the exploration of the
I Amoor river is, I presume, in answer to a note
addressed by me to the Secretary of.State. The
matter of the compensation of the commercial
agent was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and was by that committee placed in my
hands to be reported upon. Why this communi-
cation was* sent to the House," I cannot imagine. 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state fo
tke gentleman from Kentucky that, within the last
two or three years, the practice has generally
been for all the Executive Departments, in com-
municating with committees, or any member
of committee^, to make their communications
through the House.
Mr. CLAY. That may be the case-,'but I beg
to state, at the same time, that the practice of the
Departments toward me personally,as a member
of the House, has been very different. However,
it is a matter of no consequence. I move, that it
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That order has been made,
and the communication ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.'
The SPEAKER also laid before the House tt
communication from the Court of Claims, trans-
mitting certain bills, and certain adverse reporW.
The bills sent in were considered as "having
been read-a first and second time, and referred,
under the rules of the House, to the Committee
of Claims; and the adverse reports were ordered
to be placed on the Calendar, and printed.
POST OFFICE ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House esti-
mates of the Postmaster General for the service
of the year ending June 30,1860; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN TERRITORIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, submitting plans for the public buildings in
the Territories, with estimates of the cost of the
same, sent in compliance with a resolution of the
House of May 13, 1858; which were referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, in answer to a resolution of the House,
relative to clerks to committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the let-
ter be read.
The letter was read. It states that so far as tne
Clerk is officially advised, there arc but two per-
sons now regularly employed as committee clerks,
namely: Mr. R. Cochrane, cleik to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who holds his office
under the act of February 18, 1856, and IVIr. A.
H. Evans, clerk to the Committee of Claims,
wlio holds his office under the act of February
18, 1843; that these gentlemen discharge the du-
ties of their respective offices in person, and that
he understood verbally and indirectly that several
of the standing committees have clerks in their
employment,but that he has no positive knowl-
edge as to their number'or names.
The letter was laid on the table,and ordered to
bo printed.
EMPLOYES IN THE CLERIi'S OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, giving, according to the Pul-
sions of the, act of 1842, a list of persons employed
in his office. ,
The letter was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
PATENT OFFICE AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secietaryof the Interior, trans-
mitting a report f.om the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, called for by a resolution of the House of
Januai y 7, 1859. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that IS
in answer to a resolution calling for information
about the agricultural board ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 'If this is to give
ri«e to debate, ( will insist on my motion.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair'thinks proper to
i withdraw it, if it bo likely to give rise to debate.
