428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no idea of
debating it, but I wish to move to referthe report
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and have
it ordered to bc\pr.inted. I will make this remark:
I make the motion to refer to the Committee of
Ways and Means for the reason that, as I under-
stand it, there is no law on this subject, save the
annual appropriation of $60,000 to enable the Sec-
retary "of the Interior to collect agricultural statis-
tics and to distribute seeds throughout the coun-
try; and, as the Committee of Ways and Means
are in the habit of reporting that item of appro-
priation,.! think it right that they should have
this communication referred to them, so that they
should know how to make their estimates.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Phelps, ofMissouri.
Mr. HATCH. If this motion be voted down,
will it then be in order to move to proceed to the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. HATCH. Then I hope this motion will
voted down.
CODIFICATION OP THE REVENUE LAWS.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House bill
(No. 487) for the codification of the existing rev-
enue laws of the United States, and for other
purposes; the pending question being upon the
motion of Mr. Jones, ot Pennsylvania, to strike
out the enacting words of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will not the effect
of that motion, if carried, be to send the bill to
the House without the amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. The effect of the motion,
if carried, will be to cut off all amendments.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I do not know that I cor-
rectly understand the inquiry of the gentleman
from New York. Do I understand the Chair to
say, that, if this question is earned in the affirm-
ative, it will cut off all votes on pending amend-
ments?
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion carries, it
will cut off all the amendments, and present, the bill
to the House without amendment.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Then there will bo no mode
of getting the amendment, of which 1 gave no-
tice, before the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I wish to know
whether if the committee proceeds to amend the
bill, and after having discussed and amended it
for several days 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I have a right
to make any inquiry of the Chair.
■Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 object to it.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I 'wish to know
whether at another stage 
Mr. DEAN. 1 object to debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman who
made the motion to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill will withdiaw it, and let us make, an effort
to go through this bill, and see if it is not possi-
ble to perfect and pass it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 object to debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Give us at least an opportu-
nity to make an effort to go through the bill, and
amend it.
Mr. DEAN. I ask that the rules may bo en-
forced.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's motion
and it was disagreed to—ayes!), noes not counted.
So the committer" refused to strike out the enact-
ing words of the bill.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
section^, for amendment.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I move to amend the
second section of the bill by striking out all after
the word " fisheries," in the fifth line, as follows:
" 13 ut citizens of the United States, pole owners of foreign -
built vp^seis, s-hall have ;i right to have the bill of sale of
such vessels leeortied m tile proper collection district and
certilied by tile collectorinheuof tegistering, and to engage
in the foreign tiade, upon complying Willi the lews of the
I'll lied States in relation to master and crew, and the pay-
ment ot anauiiuai tonnage duly, m advance, of one dollar
per ton, United Slates measurement; and any sucil vessel,
enjiagirtg in the foreign trade without payment of saidifcon-
nage duty, or continuing it after the year for which the ton-
nage duty was paid, shall be liable to seizure and forfeiture
to the United States."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that there is no objection on the part of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to the striking out of that
part of (tie section, and I hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I hope the committee will
not strike out those words. This is one of the
sections of the bill which I heartily and entirely
approve. I wish, sir, the section had gone further.
I wish the committee had gone to a greater extent
in removing those shackles upon trade which have
fettered it so long, and which are a reproach to
the civilization of the present century. Any other
description of property may be purchased by an
American citizen~and used at home, but although
an American citizen may be sole owner of a for-
eign-built vessel, it is proposed to prevent him
from using his property in the foreign trade. I
hope the committee will retain this section.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
anaend the amendment by striking out the last four
lines. I make the motion for the purpose of say-
ing that I think this legislation is entirely out of
place in this bill. This is a bill " for the codifi-
cation of the existing revenue laws of the United
States and for other purposes," and not for the
purpose of establishing laws and regulations in
reference to the commerce of the United States;
it would be just as proper to ingraft a tariff bill
on-this bill, as this provision. The gentleman
from Virginia acknowledges that this section es-
tablishes a new system. In fact, it breaks down
the navigation laws of the United States. Now,
if Congress is disposed to do this thing, let them
do it openly, squarely, boldly, and not indirectly
in a bill which put ports to be for the codification
of the existing revenue laws of the United States.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts will prevail.
Mr. MILLSON. If the gentleman proposes to
i strikeout all the new provisions of this bill, there
I will bo Hut very little of it remaining. Some of
. the new provisions I very strongly object lo, and
I I hope they will be materially changed, at least,
; if the bill is to pass. But if the bill is to pass, the
' section which haasjnst been read, and which it is
now proposed to stiiko out, would console me in
a great measure for the other more objectionable
provisions wjhich I have just referred to.
The gentleman says it proposes to.strike down
the navigation laws. .Sir, it makes but little
change in those laws. I wish it did provide for
i striking down the navigation laws. 1 would go
; for such a proposition, and I have no doubt that
, the progress of public sentiment will be such that'
j there will be a universal demand for the removal
i of the restrictions which now rest upon our coast-
! mg trade; and not only that, but which impose
i burdens upon our whole commerce. Other na-
j Hons have relaxed this system. England has
thrown open her coasting trade for the competi-
tion of the world, by repealing her navigation
' laws; while here the effort is made to render those
I laws slill more rigorous. This section makes very
j slight progress towards the result which I regard
j so desirable, and 1 hope there will hs no hesita-
! tion in taking so short a step.
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
i consent, withdiew his amendment.
I Mr. MORSE, ofMaine. I renew the amendment
offered by my colleague from Maine. The gen-
j tleman from Virginia [Mr. Millsov] thinks this
; section will be an entering wedge towards strik-
; ing down the navigation laws of this country, and
| he offers us the example of England, who has re-
pealed her navigation laws for the very purpose
' of enabling her to compete with the world m the
, carrying trade. I suppose the gentleman knows
| that there is now an almost universal cry over
t England for the restoration of those laws, or
i something equivalent to them; that the ships of
! Prussia and northern Europe have entered into
■ her coasting trade to so great an extent as seri-
( ously to injure even British navigation. These
I ships have to-day a large share of the carrying
! trade between British Amelia and the mother
i country. A few years ago there were nearly as
j many tons of American shipping engaged in car-
I rying lumber from the British American Provinces
i and the United States to Europe, as there were in
the export cotton trade. But both British and
American tonnage has, to no little extent, been
displaced by the cheaper built and cheaper sailed
ships ofGermany and the north of Europe, where
labor meets with but a poor reward for its toil. I
have seen these ships within the last three months
loadingfor Europe, in the lower British Provinces,
where, four years ago, they were almost entire
strangers, and the_ American and British flags al-
most the only ones seen. These vessels are" built
and sailed much cheaper than ours. They pay
their masters only about twenty dollars per month,
—no more than seamen's wages in this country—
and their seamen only about five dollars—good
navigators and good seamen, too; and the differ-
ence in fare, or provisioning the ship, is said to
be nearly as great.
Now, sir, the effect of this relaxation of our
navigation laws, and the Americanizing of for-
eign ships, so far as our external trade is con-
cerned, as you propose to do by this bill, will be
to invite the investment of American capital in
these foreign vessels for certain branches of trade,
to the exclusion of American labor, and Ameri-
can-built ships. It is the entering-wedge to the
repeal of a system that began witn our existence
as a nation, and has given us the largest and best
commercial marine in the world. If you wish to
cripple this great interest—an interest that ought
to be the pride of the whole country, North and
South, East and West—pass this bill as it is, and
you will make one great stride towards the ac-
complishment of your object. It is now heavily
oppicssed, and but barely staggers under the leth-
argy that has so long hung over the commercial
world, and it- is no time to try experiments upon
it, to sec how heavy a blow it can bear and con-
tinue to live.
Let me tell the gentleman from Virginia, that
for the last four years the entire registered ton-
nage of the country engaged in the Atlantic^r-
eign trade has not averaged more than enough to
pay its running expenses and insurance. Its own-
ers have received no returns upon their heavy in-
vestments, while their property is constantly de-
preciating. If any of them have saved themselves,
or made prosperous voyages, it was because their
ships were on long voyages m distant seas, and
not m the Atlantic trade between this country and
Europe; for this, as I said, taken as a whole for
the last few years, has been a loss to the ship-
owner. With this gloomy picture before us, is
it a time to commence experiments to see how
much lower it can go and live ? Commerce is not,
in its nature, a local or sectional interesjgton in-
terest in which the West or South has noroncern
because it is mainly in the hands of the North;
but it is a great national interest, conferring ad-
vantages upon all branches of industry, and honor
upon the whole country. But, sir, ifthis hazardous
experiment is to be made—if you have determ-
ined to try it, then let us try it on its own merits
singly and alone, where we can have ample time,
and a full and free discussion of the whole ques-
tion, and not crowd it into a bill like this, and
then allow only five minutes to speak upon it.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not say that this prop-
osition was to be an entering wedge for ihe*de-
structiori of our navigation law's. I said it was
but a single step. I do not know what may suc-
ceed it. I hope it may be an entering wedge, but
I fear it will not be. 1 fear that instead, this sys-
tem may be extended to a much greater length.
The genJeman refers to the cry which he says is
raised in England at this time for the restoration
of the navigation laws. Prom whom does this
cry proceed? I doubt not there was a cry raised
against the repeal of the navigation laws 'before
that result was accomplished, and I can well be-
lieve that that cry has not ceased. It is the cry
of the protected interests against thegeneral weal.
It is the cry of the few against the interests of the
many. It is the cry of the silversmiths of Eph-
esus when their craft was in danger, imd their
malten images were preached against, and who
called out, " Great is Diana of the Ephes.ians !"
This cry may be heard now in England; but it is
a cry that is likely to remain unheeded. If I may
use the words of another I would say, that " if,
like children, they cry for the moon, like children
they must cry on."
Sir, the navigation laws of England were re-
laxed for the benefit of the general commerce of
the country. They have there thrown off the
