1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of lilt' Senator from Minnesota will be con-
sidered as modified, as he suggests, unless there
be objection.
Mr. BRODERICK. I rise to a question of
order. I understood from the Senator from Min-
nesota, that I had his consent to take a vote on-
the amendment I offered.
Mr. RICE. This will consume no time.
Mr. BRODERICK. But it is out of order;
and I hope my amendment will be voted on first.
I have no objection to this amendment, and shall
vote for it cordially; but I do not think mine
ousrht to be displaced for a new amendment.
Mr. RICE. If this will come up next, I yield
to the Senator from California.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I ask for the con-
sideration of my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota withdraw his amendment?
Mr. RICE. Temporarily.
Mr. HUNTER. Itseems that our experiments
in the way of economy, are likely to result very
unfortunately. Instead of reducing that service
which seems to me to be more expensive, in pro-
portion to the benefit it confers, than any other—
the overland postal service to the Pacific coast—
we are likely to end with one mail route more
than we had before, and to have increased service
ori another. We are, 1 believe, very much in-
creasing the service on the St. Joseph and Placer-
ville route by this amendment; and we have
notice that we are to have another mail route
offered on this bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the vote will be
taken on my amendment, without any further
debate. It has occupied four hours of the time of
the Senate already.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California will be read.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Rouds are preparing it so as to have it1
ready in a few minutes, in order.
Mr. BRODERICK. Let it be read from the
desk. It is there. I put it there myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota is in order.
Mr.BRODERICK. I believe 1 had the consent
of the Senator from Minnesota twice, to offer
mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
learns that the amendment is not ready. When
it shall be offered, the Chair will receive it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not know who took
it from the desk. I should like the gentleman
who took it from the desk, to put it back again.
Then let it be read from the desk, and I will try
to amend it from my place, so as to make it in
order.
Mr. GWIN. The chairman of the Committee
011 Finance made a point of order on it, and it was
ruled out of order. Then it was proposed to put
it in a shape in which it would be m order, and
for that purpose it was suggested that the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads should
take it and modify it. We are preparing it, and
we shall have it ready by the time the proposition
of I he Senator from Minnesota is disposed of.
Mr. BRODERICK. I should like to have the
contiol of my own amendment.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator must be a member
of the Post Office Committee to offer it.
Mr. BRODERICK. No,sir; but I understood
I had their consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California can offer his amendment, but if
it be presented in the same form as it was before,
it will be ruled out of older again.
Mr. BRODERICK. On what ground?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That it is not
reported by a committee.
Mr. BRODERICK. If I have the consent of
my colleague, and of Mr. Yui.ee, and 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If reported by
a committee, it is in order.
Mr. BRODERICK. I suppose there is no dif-
ficulty about having it reported from a committee.
Mr. GWIN. Here is an amendment that I
think will cover the case. I have the consent of
the Post Office Committee, of which I am a mem-
ber, to offer it:
Jltul belt fayther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and lie 1- herein, authorised and required to order an
increase oi speed on the mail route between St. Joseph,
Missouri, and Placerville, California, so as to require the
mails to be tran^pm ted through in twenty-five days: Pro-
vided, That, if said contractors have heretofore offered to
perform said increased service for a less sum than the usual
pro rata allowed by tile Department, then the Postmaster
General shall not contract to pay them more than said last-
mentioned offer.
This is in conformity with the offer of the con-
tractors to perform the service in thirty days, at
less than the pro rata usually allowed. That offer
is on file in the Department; and for that reason
the President refused to sign the joint resolution
of the last session, as it gave the pro rata, and not
the diminished price at which the contractors had
agreed to do the service. This covers the precise
ground the Senator from California wishes to ac-
complish; and it does it in such form as to avoid
the objections which were urged against it before.
I was going to make the proposition, and I was
endeavoring to put it in the form in which I have
presented it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very anxious to get
the time on this route reduced from thirty-eight
days to twenty-five; and I want the Senate to
know how much money is to be paid for the ser-
vice before they act on the amendment. If I be
permitted to amend the amendment I offered some
four hours since, I would provide that the expense
should not exceed $110,000 for the reduction of
the time from thirty-eight to twenty-five days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California, to restrict the amount to be ex-
pended, as stated by him.
Mr. LANE. I think it would be wise to pro-
vide also that there should be no pay for any trip
when they do notmake the time within the num-
ber of days prescribed.
Mr. BRODERICK. Five thousand dollars is
deducted for every failure.
Mr. LANE. 1 propose that there shall be no
pay allowed at all for any trip, when the mail is
not delivered within the time.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then you had better abol-
ish the mail lines all over the Union. I do not
accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is not now in
order, there being an amendment and an amend-
ment to that amendment pending.
Mr. YULEE. I desire simply to say—as I
have been referred to—that, although I consented
to allow the amendment to be reported from the
committee, so far as I was concerned, so that a
vote might be taken upon it, I distinctly stated
that I was opposed to it.
Mr. RICE. I cannotconsentto allow this debate
to go on any longer. Here the whole southern
portion of our western territory is cut up with
mail routes. They have had all they have asked
for, and yet they are not content; they must oc-
cupy the last days of the session in discussing
their little local points. I have yielded, I think,
quite farenTJugh; and I now insist on my amend-
ment being acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
having withdrawn it, and suffered the Senator
from California to offer his amendment, that is
the question now pending.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Min-
nesota withdrew his amendment three times.
Mr. RICE. I withdrew it temporarily, under-
standing that there was to be 110 debate on this
amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not want any debate
on it. I think we can vote without further dis-
cussion.
Mr. RICE. Is it ready?
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes; it is on the table.
Let it be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move to strike out the
proviso, and insert, " at an increased expense
not exceeding §110,000."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from California is to put a
limitation to it; that it shall not go beyond the
sum of $110,000.
Mr. BRODERICK. That the reduction from
thirty-eight to twenty-five days shall not go be-
yond $110,000.
Mr. 1VERSON. I want to inquire if that
amendment comes from a committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment does not. If I under-
stand the effect of it, it is not to increase the
appropriation but to restrict it.
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir; I do not want
to give the prorata rate.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from California
ought to put in the word" increased," so as to say
the increased cost shall not exceed $110,000."
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very sorry that the
Senator from Georgia does not understand this
amendment. The original amendment provided
for $160,000. I propose to reduce it to $110,000.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand this amend-
ment proposes to make the trips once a week, and
to make them in twenty-five days instead of thir-
ty-eight days. I want to know what the con-
tractors get now?
Mr. BRODERICK. Three hundred and twenty
thousand dollars.
Mr. IVERSON. And what will they get, if
the service is made weekly, and required to ,be
performed in twenty-five days?
Mr. BRODERICK. I propose to arrange it
so that they cannot receive more than $430,000.
Mr. IVERSON. That is an increase beyond
the amount of the present compensation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That part of
the amendment is reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. There is an
amendment pending to their amendment, offered
by the Senator from California.
Mr. BRODERICK. My amendment is to re-
duce the increased amount of compensation, al-
lowed by the committee's amendment, from
$160,000 to $110,000.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from California of-
fered a proposition with a proviso which he has
stricken out. The Post Office Committee have
adopted his amendment without the proviso, and
now the committee report this increase of $110,000,
which makes it perfectly in order. The Senator's
amendment, without the increased compensation,
was in order, but with the increase of compensa-
tion had to be adopted by the committee to make
it in order; and the chairman, I believe, is willing
to have a vote on it.
Mr. YULEE. There i3 a misunderstanding
on this point.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
from Arkansas to move that we take a recess un-
til six o'clock. [" Oh, no."]
Mr. BRODERICK. Let us vote on this amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If Senators
will permit the Chair, he will try and ascertain
from the Senator from California what his amend-
ment is.
Mr. BRODERICK. I regret very much that
the President does not understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads; and
then the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia to that; so that the Senate will understand
the question.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Genera'
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to order an
increase of speed 011 the mail route between St. Joseph,
Missouri, and Placerville, California, so as to require the
mails to be transported through in twenty-five days : Pro-
vided, That, if said contractors have heretofore offered to
perform said increased service for a less sum than the usual
■pro rata allowed by the Department, then the Postmaster
General shall not contract to pay them more than said last-
mentioned offer: Jlnd provided further, That the contract-
ors agree to perform said increased service at a sum,not
exceeding $110,000.
Mr. YULEE. I did not agree to that last pro-
viso.
Mr. GWIN. No; that is the proviso the Sen-
ator from California offered.
Mr. BRODERICK. Now, I have the consent
of five members of the committee to report the
amendment which I offered some time since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will please send to the Secretary what it is that
he offers as an amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. What has been read by
the Secretary ten times within two hours. It is
now upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has withdrawn it once or twice, and the Chair
does not know precisely what he desires to offer.
The Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
