1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
loll
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to order an
increase of service and speed on the mail route between
St. Joseph, Missouri, and PlacerviHe, California, so as to
give weekly trips each way in twenty-five days, at an in-
creased expense, not exceeding §110,000.
Mr. BRODERICK. That is the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides, that as the amendment, according to his
understanding,increases an appropriation, and is
not reported from a committee, it is not in order.
Mr. BRODERICIC. I have the consent of the
committee to report it.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is the committee's
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senator
from California a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads?
Mr. BRODERICK. No, sir; but I saw Mr.
Dixon; I saw Mr. Bigler; I saw Mr. Yolee; I
saw Mr. Rice; and they all consented that I
might offer it; and I suppose my colleague is for
it,' because he has so stated four or five times. I
got their consent to report it from the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that no member of the Senate has a right to
make a report from a committee unless he is a
member of the committee. The report must be
made by a member of the committee charged with
the subject upon which the report is made.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I suppose my col-
league will take the paternity of it, or any other
member of the committee. I do not care who
has it, so that I can get a vote upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know whether
the proposed amendment of the Senator from
California cannot be offered as a substitute, for
that of the committee ? If the amount of money
proposed m the amendment of the committee and
the amount proposed in the amendment of the;
Senator from California is precisely the same, it
seems to me it would be in order to submit this
as a substitute for that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment would be in order, if it did not propose to
increase the araounJ of appropriation.
Mr. GREEN. There was an amendment pro-
posed from the Post Office Committee, by the
senior Senator from California, [Mr. Gwik,] that
was pending. It is written on blue paper, and is
now, I think, ir. the hands of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Duolittle.] While that was
f ending, the Senator from California at my right
Mr. Brodeiiick] proposed to amend that amend-
ment by striking out the proviso which itcontains;
and inserting, in lieu of that, his proviso, which
was to this effect:
"Provided, The increased cost shall not exceed $110,000,"
That was in order by him. He had a right to
propose a limitation to an amendment reported by
a committee. I amopposed to the limitation; for,
I think, as reported by the Post Office Commit-
tee, it is exactly right. A joint resolution to the
same offect passed both Houses of Congress at
the last session, but failed to receive the approval
of the President, and he sent in his message at
this session assigning the reasons why he did not
approve it, and this proviso meets precisely the
point made by President Buchanan in his mes-
sage returning that joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the amend-
ment does not increase the amount of expendi-
ture, it is in order.
Mr. BRODERICK and Mr. GREEN. It does
not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from California to the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I do not want to interfere with
this matter at all, but I ask the attention of the
Senate for a moment. The original amendment
was offered by the Senator from California. I
did not know that the point of order was made.
It was made by the Senator from Virginia. Then,
being a member of the Post Office Committee, I
wanted to offer it from that committee, so as to
bring it in order. The committee, as I under-
stand, have agreed to report this amendment:
That the Posunaster General be, and ho is hereby, au-
thorized and required to order an increase of speed on the
mail-routes between St. Joseph, Missouri, and PlacerviHe,
California, so as to require the mails to be transported
through in twenty-five days: Provided, That, if said con-
tractors have heretofore offered to perform said increased
service for a less sum than the usual pro rata allowed by
the Department, then the Postmaster General shall not con-
tract to pay more than the said last-mentioned offer.
That is to say, the contractors agreed, by an
offer on file, to do the increased service in thirty
days, at a less rate than the pro rata. The Sen-
ator from California afterwards moved an amend-
ment, as a proviso to that, that the increased cost
should not exceed $110,000. I am opposed to
that. I think the terms of the contract on file in
the Department are a sufficient guarantee that they
cannot get more than the service is worth. Their
offer is now on file in the Department, that they
will take less than the pro rata; and the limita-
tion of $110,000 I think unnecessary. The other
makesit more efficient; and the original limitation
is as perfect as it can be. If the provisoof$110,000
is insisted on, I shall vote against it; because 1 do
not think it ought to.be there.
Mr. RICE. 1 must beg the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Buoderick] to remember the promise
he made me, that this should not take up the rest
of the day. From present appearances, it will;
particularly if he and his colleague get into a dis-
pute about it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I want a vote; I do not
want debate.
Mr. RICE. The Senator and his colleague
have got into a disagreement about it.
Mr. KING. I call the Senators to order; they
are conversing with each other, and not address-
ing the Chair.
Mr. RICE. I am talking to the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HUNTER, If the Senator from Minne-
sota will give way, I suggest to him that, if we
are to take a recess, we had better take it now,
from four to six o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope we shall not take
a recess, but have a vote on this proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California move to amend the amend-
ment of the Post Office Committee ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I want to insert, at the
end of the amendment:
At an increased sum, not to exceed $130,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun-
derstood the Senator from California to offer the
amendment which he has read.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very sorry that I
cannot make the President understand me. My
colleague has introduced an amendment, which I
now propose to amend by adding a proviso that
the expense shall not exceed §130,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from California to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING. I move that the Senate take a re-
cess for two hours. I am willing to take the vote
on this question, if we can get it; but, if we are
to take a recess, I want to do it now.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope there will be no recess.
The experience of last night, and every other
night, shows us that we donotworkas well after
a recess as without one.
Mr. RICE. I do not know by what rule I have
lost the floor. I had it, and I have not yielded
it to any one.
Mr. KING. Go on.
Mr. RICE. I merely wish to ask the Senator
from California to keep faith with me by with-
drawing his amendment. I yielded with the un-
derstanding that there should be no discussion,
but that the vote should be taken at once.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Minne-
sota will allow me, I will say that I cannot con-
sent that the amendment shall bo withdrawn by
the Senator from California, even if lie were will-
ing. There are others too deeply interested.
Mr. BRODERICK. I desire to have the vote
taken on the question. I cannot withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I was opposed to the restriction
of $110,000. I think they can perform the service
for 8130,000, and I accept that restriction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment as amended.
The question was put; and the amendment de-
clared to be agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. Read it as it now stands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
JinA. be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Genera!
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to order an
increase of speed on the mail routes between Si. Joseph,
Missouri, and PlacerviHe, California, so as to require the
mails to be transported through in twenty-five days: Pro-
vided, That, if said contractors have heretofore offered to
perform said increased service fora pum thaft the usual
pro rata allowed by the Department, then the Postmaster
General shall not contract to pay more than paid la&t men-
tioned offer, at an increased expense not exceeding #130,000.
Mr. PUGH. I understand that the original
contract calls for a semi-weekly mail. This calls
for weekly.
Mr. BRODERICK. It is the same in that re-
spect.
Mr. PUGH. I think we are satisfied now that
this expenditure for overland mails to California
is a great picce of extravagance. I wish they were
all abolished, e^ery one of them, and we were
back wherewe started; and I will not vote an-
other cent to one of them. I hope the Senate will
vote them all down. I voted for this proposition
at the last session; but I think,on reflection, that
it ought to be rejected. I shall vote against the
Minnesota route, and all of them; and, if I can
get the amendmentof the Senator from Michigan,
to reduce the service on the Butterfield route, I
shall feel that we have done a good day's work.
Mr. LANE. My purpose is to use every
means in my power to provide for bringing an
overland mail into Oregon. During the whole
term of our territorial ©xistence, and up to tins
day, we have had no provision for overland mail
service to Oregon. We have now a route from
St. Louis, by El Paso, through Arizona, to San
Francisco; and I am very proud of it, for we have
a great country there. I regard that route as a
very important one. It passes over a country
that affords finer facilities for mail service during
the whole year than any route which can be se-
lected upon our portion of this continent. Indeed,
I may say that the region from El Paso to San
Francisco, between October and May in every
year, is the finest climate, perhaps, on the face of
the earth. It is never hot and never cold, and
the grass is perpetually good, and water, except
in the middle of summer, always plenty. There
the mail service can be performed without obstruc-
tion, without the obstacles of deep snow and high
mountains.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senator if he will not
give way to allow a motion for a recess?
Mr. LANE. No, sir, not now. I only want
five minutes, and th«n I shall have done. I did not
get up to make a speech, but simply to call the
attention of the Senate to the importance of pro-
viding for mail service to Oregon. I know some-
thing of the southern mail route to San Francisco,
about which so much has been said to-day. 1
have been over it through all times in the winter.
I know its capacity. 1 know on that route mail
service can always be performed at all seasons;
that every week in the year the route is practi-
cable. I am equally aware that the route from
St. Joseph to Salt Lake, and from Salt Lake to
PlacerviHe, in California, is practicable eight or
nine months in the year; and it is a very good
climate, with plenty of grass during that portion
of the year. That is a route which starts off in
the right direction to terminate in Oregon. By
these several southern routes California is well
provided. There is a mail to San Diego connect-
ing with the Rutteifield route at Fort Yuma on
the west end, and at El Paso on the east end. It
is right that a mail from El Paso should extend
into Texas. It is right, on the other end, that a
mail route should extend to San Diego from Fort
Yuma. Then they have a mail route on the thir-
ty-fifth parallel—the Albuquerque route. That
route is also good, and I am willing that they
shall have service on it. They have also this
great Salt Lake route that runs into another por-
tion of California and terminates at PlacerviHe.
Now, 1 asK my friend from California, who has e
been so anxious for reducing the length of time
consumed on that route, from thirty-eight to twen-
ty-five days, as we have no service in Oregon,
and as I can show him that the distance from Salt
Lake to Roseburg is shorter than from Salt Lake
to PlacerviHe, and that it passes over a better
country, and one that is more accessible, if it
would be anything more than fair and just to pro-
vide that the service from Salt Lake west should
terminate at Roseburg instead of PlacerviHe?
Why should all these four or five routes across
the continent to the Pacific, terminate in Califor-
nia? What can be the objection, on the part of
my good friends from California, to allow one of
these routes to terminate at Roseburg? That
