iSi&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 1,
brings it into the southern portion of the Urnpqua
valley, one of the most beautiful and finest val-
leys on the face of the earth; a conntry densely
settled, a country rich in resources, and the
proper terminus for a great mail line. Prom that
point mails could connect with it, and extend all
over Oregon and all over Washington; and then
the whoje Pacific coast would be provided for.
I ask the Senate to consider this proposition,
and to say whether it is not right that this service
shall be performed, if you please, at the additional
expense provided in this amendment, and to say
that, instead of terminating at the ppint mentioned
in,California, the route shall tSfrminate at Rose-
burg. I desire, if it is in order, to move that
amendrnpnt. I amnot certain that it is in order;
1 have not served long enough in the Senate to
know what is in order; but I should like to have
the western terminus of the route changed, and
require the service to be done in twenty-five days.
Then every portion of our coast would be ac-
commodated. It would be justice, whether it is
in order or not. I ask whether it is in order to
move the amendment changin<r-the terminus?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitz-
patrick in the chair.) It is in order.
Mr. LANE. Then I move that amendment;
and I think the Senate will agree with me that we
Iiad better do that, and run a mail directly west,
or nearly on a ilue west line, from St. Joseph to
Roseburg,in Oregon. There is no winding about
then; there is 110 running from a direct line, south,
to reach California. 1 like California. It is a
portion of our own coast. I feel identified with
her people in feeling; and I would go, perhaps,
quite as far to oblige ihe people of California as
1 would even the people of Oregon. I have no
sectional feelings. I am always sorry when I
hear gentlemen talk about South or North. Let
a mail go where it may, over this land, it travels
over my countiy, and every portion of it is equally
dear to me; and I want to deal justly by it all—'
watch carefully the interests of every portion of
it, and deal justly by every foot of it.
I should like to have the sense of the Senate on
this proposition. It does notincrease the expense.
It does not injure any portion of California, for
they have regular communication by sea, and
three overland lines; und, as the Senator from
California explained, the mails can be delivered
at Placerville in a few hours afier their arrival at
San Francisco, by steamer. I move to amend,
by striking out "Placerville, California," and
inserting "Roseburg, Oiegon;" and I hope the
Senate will agree to the amendment, so that jus-
tice may be done to every portion of our Pacific
coast.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
try to understand the state of the question.
Mr. STUART. 1 have a motion to submit
which will supersede everything else. It is, that
the Senate take a recess until half pastsix o'clock.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope not.
Mr. STUART. Let us vote.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 23.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
try to ascertain the precise state of the business
before the Senate,
Mr. BRODERICK. That is what I rose for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I desire to in-
quire of the Senator from Oregon, to what portion
of the bill he proposes to offer his amendment?
Mr. LANE. My amendment is to the amend-
ment offeied by the Scruitor from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California has been agreed to by the
Senate. It will not be in order, therefore, now
to amend it. It will be in order for the Senator
from Oregon to move his amendment when the
bill shall have been repoited to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg to call
the attention of the Senator from Oregon to the
fact that he has a perfect opportunity now to offer
his proposition. There has been the strangest
misapprehension here. The Post Office Commit-
tee offered an amendment, which has been con-
stantly denominated the amendment of the Sena-
tor from California, because the Senator from
California first offered it. The committee reported
an amendment, which has not been adopted.
The Senator from California offered an amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee, which
has been adopted. That having been adopted,
it is perfectly in order for the Senator from Ore-
gon now to offer his amendment to that amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. LANE. That was my understanding.
Mr. BRODERICK. I rise to a question of
order. When the amendment was reported from
til? Committee o.n the Post Office and Post Roads,
I accepted it; and then I suggested to my col-
league to insert a limitation of $130,000, which
he consented to do, and it was then put to the
Senate and carried. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, however, is out of order, for
another reason. The Post Office Department has
already made a contract to carry the mail from
St. Joseph to Placerville for four years. How
are you to abrogate the contract? You cannot
change the western terminus now. I will vote
with the Senator from Oregon for a mail to Ore-
gon; but I cannot vote to take away this mail
from California.
Mr. HUNTER, I think the Senator from Cal-
ifornia is under a mistake. All that has been
adopted is the limitation of §130,000, but the
amendment as amended has not yet been voted
on. I understand that. I have never voted on
the proposition to increase the service on the Pla-
cerville route. We voted on the proposition to
insert the limitation of $130,000 as an amend-
ment to the amendment; on nothing else.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will ask my colleague
to state what he knows of the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I will state to
the Senate that, having just come to the chair, I
was informed by the Secretary that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from California,
as the organ of the Post Office Committee, had
Ijeen adopted; but according to the statement of
the Senator from Virginia, the vote was taken on
an amendment which was proposed to that amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. If I had supposed the ques-
tion was on the original amendment, I should
have called for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. REID. I understood the condition of the
question to be this: the senior Senator from Cah-
fonia [Mr. Gww] reported an amendment from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
and the junior Senator from California [Mr.
Broderick] proposed an amendment to that.
The senior Senator from California afterwards
said that he would accept the atnendment of the
junior Senator, and the Chair put the question;
but the Chair doubted the power of the Senator
from California having reported an amendment
from a committee, to accept the amendment to
the committee's amendment, and therefore put
the question upon adopting the amendment of
the junior Senator from California; and, accord-
ing to my^understanding, the question is now
upon the amendment of the senior Senator from
California, as amended on the motion of the
junior Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the state of the question to be as stated
by the Senator from North Carolina, the late oc-
cupant of the chair.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will ask the Senator
from California to state what he knows about it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator who was the late oc-
cupant of the Chair, [Mr. Reid,] I believe, is right
on the point of order; but 1 did not know that he
made the point 011 me at the time. It is true, 1
had no right, as the organ of the Post Office Com-
mittee, to accept an amendment, except by au-
thority of the committee; but I did not know that
any one made the point, and I thought the amend-
| mcut was adopted.
I Mr. REID. The Senator probably understood
it in that way; but the Chair did not think he Could
accept an amendment to the amendment of the
committee, and therefore put the question on the
! amendment to the amendment.
! Mr. GWIN. 1 stated that I was willing to
! agree to the restriction of ^130,000, and accept-
' ed it.
| Mr. BRODERICK. It was then p-ut to the
! Senate, and voted upon in that form,
j Mr. GWIN. The late occupant of the Chair
| says I had no right to accept it, and that he put
! the question on the amendment to the amend-
ment, that.the Senate adopted it, and that the
question now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that question will be
taken. Let us not dispute on points of order all
day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before I vote on this
amendment, I want to ask a question of one of the
Senatorsfr'om California. It has been stated to me
by a Senator, that for transporting the mails to
California and Oregon, we pay $2,400,000 a year,
and that some six or seven hundred thousand
dollars are spefit for overland mail service. In
other words the mails to the Pacific coast cost us
83,000,000 a year, altogether.
Mr. BRODERICK. No, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. How much do they cost?
Mr. BRODERICK. About two million two
hundred thousand dollars; but the Post Office
Committee, i believe, intend to reduce the ocean
service $250,000, which will bring it below two
million dollars.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We pay, then,more than
two million dollars 0 year for this service. I think
that is too much money, and I shall vote against
any increase. I am willing to curtail any exist-
ing routes, and let them have the service on this,
if they choose; but I cannot vote for any propo-
sition to increase this enormously large sum.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina will not charge against Oregon any of
this amount of money, for 1 believe Oregon has
never cost the Government anything at all. We
have never had any appropriations; we have had
110 mail service; we have had no light-houses"; wa
have had 110 fortifications; we have no public
works going on, and never have had, in Oregon.
I will say to the Senator from North Carolina, as
I said before, that in all the bills, now pending in
the two Houses of Congress, I ain not aware of
there being a single cent asked for Oregon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, I take pleasure in
taking back what I said Of Oregon; but it applies
with more force to California, if all this large ex-
penditure is for that State. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Oregon that, under the
state of the question as now explained by the late
occupant of the Chair, his amendment is in or-
der.
Mr. LANE. Then I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, by striking
out"Placerville, California,"and inserting"Rose-
burg, Oregon."
Mr. BRODERICK. I rise to a question of or-
der. The PostOffice Department has already made
a contract to carry the mail four years; and has
made Placerville, California, the terminus. How
are you to change a contract already made?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. "In the same
way that we changed just now the Butterfield con-
tract; by ordering it to be done without regard to
the law.
Mr. BRODERICK. We voted that down.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No, sir; we
agreed to it.
Mr. BRODERICK. We changed the service
but did not change the termini. You may change
the service, but you have no right to change the
termini.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe the
Senator is right; but the other action which did
take that step was wrong.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
question.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Virginia to give his opinion in regard to
this matter. It is a very important question. I
want to know if the termini of a route can be
changed 111 this way after a contract has been
made for it?
Mr. HUNTER. That is not a question of
order. It may be a question of law and of pro-
priety. Senators will vote 011 that according to
their opinions; but it is not a question of order.
There is nothing against the rule in it; it may be
against law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is in the fourth line to
strike out "Placerville, California," and insert
" to a point west of Salt Lake and to Rose burg
in Oregon."
Mr. HARLAN. I shall ask for the yeas and
nays on that proposition. I am willing to vote
with the Senator from Oregon, to establish a mail
