1U4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
March 1,
Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Ward, Wilson, and Vulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee,
and Mallory—4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. Now, under the instructions of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
I offer the following amendment, as an additional
section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized, \vhen bids for carrying the
mail from Salt Lake to Rosehurg, Oregon, and from Salt
LakP to rhe Dalles, Oregon, shall be received for said ser-
vice, to direct that the service be performed weekly, in-
stead of semi-monthly, at such additional compensation as
may be right and proper.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be
glad to ask the Senator from California, if the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads has
now ceased to operate?
Mr. GWIN. As far as I am concerned, it has.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I merely asked
the question because, about five hours ago, I un-
derstood, it was through with its amendments;
but it has been engaged ever since by way of in-
terjection, between the propositions of other gen-
tlemen, in thrusting in more amendments. I
understood that, when the'committee once com-
menced, they were to go on with their amend-
mentsuntil they got through with them. I cannot,
for one, vote anything further at present on the
recommendation of the committee. I would ask,
for the satisfaction of the Senate, if they have
ceased to operate; and, if they have not, it is to
be hoped, when this amendment is disposed of,
they will go to sleep, so as riot to trouble us any
more. [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. So far as I am concerned, this
is the end of the amendments of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. This proposition is perfectly
unlimited. It allows the Postmaster General to
pay whatever he think^ proper and right, as I
understand it. There is no limitation on him at
all.
Mr. GWIN. The limitation is, that the ser-
vice has to be let to the lowesi responsible bidder
under the existing Post Office law.
Mr. HUNTER. Suppose that bid should hap-
pen to be exorbitantly high: is the contract to go
to that bidder? Are we to put no limit?
Mr. GWIN. I will state that when the service
was established, in-four-horse stage coaches, from
St. Joseph to Placerville, it was understood that
service was to be placed 011 the route from Salt
Lake to Oregon, it was expected, at the time,
that a service to southern Oregon, and a branch
to the Dalles, would be added to the route. It
was part of the system of establishing the route
from St, Joseph to Placerville, that a branch run-
ning to Oregon, as indicated in the amendment,
should be established. It is owing to the state of
the Treasury that the Postmaster General has not
heretofore put that service under advertisement.
It must be given out to the lowest responsible
bidder. The amendment is one which was pre-
pared by the Senator from Oregon, and ruled out
of order before; but the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have instructed me to re-
port it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from California, whether, since we have pro-
vided for a northern route to Puget Sound, this
one to the Dalles is necessary ?
Mr. GWIN. This is tlie great natural over-
land route from Oregon to Salt Lake.
Mr. SIMMONS. But would it not be more
convenient to connect those places with the north-
ern route?
Mr. GWIN. No; there are ranges of mount-
ains which prevent the connection.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
question. I cannot afford to talk now.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE. 1 should like to have the yeasand
nays on that. ["Too late i"J I do not want it to
go off in that way.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The question has
been decided, aud the Senator's call comes too
late.
Mr. LANE. I shall have to fight it all night.
You had better give me a chance, gentlemen. As
I said before, there i3 not a foot of service among
all the routes established to Oregon, and we are
entitled to at least one mail route to Oregon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the general
sense of the Senate, the Chair will entertain the
call for the yeas and nays, but the vote was de-
cided and the result announced by the Chair. Is
there unanimous consent?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the question must be considered as decided.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to correct a clerical
error in a bill that passed the,Senate the other
day. By mistake, one of the amendments, con-
sisting of a few words, was left out. 1 send a
memorandum to the Chair for the purpose of hav-
ing it corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
unanimous consent to correct a verbal error.
Mr. HUNTER. If it will take no time, I shall
not object.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is merely to correct an
omission which was made in transmitting a bill
from the Senate to the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The Secretary will read what has
been sent to the desk b.y the Senator from Min-
nesota.
The Secretary read as follows:
In line one hundred and ninety-nine of Mouse bill 872,
to establish certain post routes, the following amendment
of the Senate was omitted in sending the bill to the House:
After the words " St. Paul," insert" Minnesota,and Supe-
rior, Wisconsin," so that the clause will read:
From St. Paul, Minnesota, and Superior, Wisconsin, to
Seattle, on Puget Sound, in the Territory of Washington.
Mr. YULEE. I will suggest to the Senator
a mode of accomplishing his purpose, without
moving it as an amendment to this bill. There
was an omission of the Clerk in sending over the
report of our amendment to that bill to the House
of Representatives. 1 suggest that the Secretary
be directed to carry to the House an additionnl
message, communicating this amendment to the
post route bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I apprehend that we can
make no amendments to a bill which has passed
out of our possession ?
Mr. YULEE. Can we not correct an error?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Clearly not, in such a case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask
the Senator from Minnesota what he proposes?
Mr. SHIELDS. I propose to amend the bill
which passed the Senate, in accordance with the
vote of the Senate. Some words were omitted
in copying the amendments, and the bill is now
in the Houserin that condition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Minnesota, that it is in-
competent for the Senate to amend a bill out of
its possession.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I move it on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If, by a vote of the
Senate, the words spoken of by the Senatorfrom
Minnesota were in the bill, the Chair thinks it
would be competent for the Senate to send a mes-
sage to the House announcing that fact.
Mr. YUfeEE. They were in the amendments
offered and adopted here, and were read to the
Senate at the time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend this bill by
inserting, as an additional section, the provision
which was omitted by a clerical error in the post
route bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will not do
that, but will adopt the suggestion of the Chair,
and move that the Secretary be directed to com-
municate this amendment to the House of Rep-
resentatives, as having been omitted in the en-
grossment of our amendments to the post route
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. That was my first motion.
Mr. RE1D. I suppose it would be proper to
ask for the return of the bill. [" Oh, no I"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the words omitted by the clerk were
voted in by the Senate, and after the vote of the
Senate omitted to be inserted by the clerk. The
Senator from Minnesota now moves that the Sec-
retary be directed to inform the House of Repre-
sentatives of that fact, and ask them to insert the
amendment in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I understand the facts, the
bill has passed the Senate and gone to the House
of Representatives, omitting this amendment
which we adopted. I submit now, that it is not
competent for us to send an amendment to the
House of Representatives at this time as a part of
that bill. The btll is not before us; and therefore
we cannot amend it. We may pass a resolution
calling upon the House of Representatives to re-
turn the bill, in order that we may reconsider it,
and add that amendment to it; and then repass it,
and send it to the House; but we cannot send an
amendment to that bill to the House now, al-
though we agreed to it before, and it ought to have
been put in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois will bear with the Chair for a moment. It
is not proposed to pass the amendment and send
it to the House of Representatives. That it is
incompetent for the Senate to do; but the propo-
sition is to send to the House 0/Representatives
a message by the Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate voted upon that amendment, and
that it was omitted by a mistake.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Exactly; I wish to come to
that point.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Chair
whether this motion is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
that it is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is not in
order while we have before us another bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This subject is
before the Seriate by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. We understood, though, that
it was something which was to occasion no de-
bate. I think the Senator from Minnesota ought
not to press it, when it occasions debate in this
way.
Mr. SHIELDS. The post route bill was
amended by the Senate as I have stated. I do
not offer an additional amendment. I merely
propose to sgnd to the House what was omitted
by a clerical error. The Chair is correct as to
that. It is not adding an additional amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 rise to a point of order 
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone this mat-
ter until to-morrow, so that we may go on with
our appropriation bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am not going to take up
time. It will take up no more time now than to-
morrow to dispose of this matter.
Mr. HUNTER. Senators will debate it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Oh, no. I hope the Chair
will put the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears that the
Senate voted on an amendment to the post route
bill, which was left out afterwards accidentally by
the Clerk. The btll has gone to the other House
wi thout that amendment. No amendment is now
offered; but the Senator from Minnesota moves
that the Secretary be directed to inform the House
of Representatives of the omission, and ask the
insertion of that amendment in the bill. It is in
the power of the Senate to do that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the point I am making
is, that while you may send it down, it does not
make it a part of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
that it does not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As it does not make it a
part of the bill, it is an idle message, which ac-
complishes no object, and misleads the Senator
from Minnesota as to the effect of his proposi-
tion. If we desire to incorporate that amendment
into the bill, we must send for the bill and have
it brought back here, reconsider the vote pass-
ing it, then incorporate the amendment, reenact
the bill with the amendment in it, and send it
down to the House in its perfect form.
Mr. SHIELDS. Permit me to say to the hon-
orable Senator that this amendment was inserted
by the^3enate, and was merely omitted by a mis-
take of the cleik. Now, my object is not to add
an amendment to the bill, but to send a message
to the House informing them of this omission.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 understand it.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. > I
want to know whether the Senator from Illinois
has appealed from the decision of the Chair? If
he has not, it is not in orderfor him to debate the
question—the judgment of the Chair having been
pronounced upon it. I make that point of order
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not appealing from the
decision.
Mr. IVERSON. I object to debate, unless
there is a question before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a question before
the Senate,
Mr. IVERSON. What is it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The proposition of the Sen-
