THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 18S9.
New Series.....No. !
When, therefore, on the 11th of January, 1858,
General Qomonfort vacated the Presidency, the
constitution devolved the office upon Benita Jua-
rez, the president of the supreme court of justice.
De facto; for he holds the field, and lias the money
and the masses. The federal army, it is true, was
not at his command. Felix Zuloaga was illegally
named dictator by a clique at the capital, January
22, 1858; and having the army, and holding the
capital, Juarez transferred the administration to
Vera Cruz. There was no such officer known
as dictator, and Zuloaga has paid the penalty
of usurpation by deposition. There can be but
one executive, and Robles, who assumed Zu-
loaga's place, was not that officer. The consti-
tution under which Juarez, acts is the only organic
law, and that does not recognize the junta which
elected Miramon, to whom Robles yielded his
fasces.
This constitution is the rallying cryuf the Lib-
erals; to its defense the nation is committed; by
it alone is order possib'e. To sustain its uphold-
ers is clearly the duty, as it is the interest and
desire, of the United States. President Buch-
anan has well considered these facts. In the
success of the constitutional party he places all
his hopes of redress for the innumerable outrages
to our citizens. If this party fail, and there " be-
ing abundant cause for a resort to hostilities against
the Government now holding possession of the
capital," I urn ready, for one, to vote for any sys-
tem of reprisal, or to grant the Executive the
necessary power to take possession of any por-
tion of Mexico, as a pledge for the settlement of
our claims.
Isay that I am ready to vote for such reprisal or
occupation. _ But I have considered these panties
in Mexico with the view of qualifying this declara-
tion. 1 believe that it would be best, at once, to
recognize the Juarez constitutional government,
by the most solemn assurances of sympathy and
protection. The late news makes this step im-
minently nrgent. This can be done; fust, by the
prompt recognition of Mata, who is here seeking
such recognition; secondly, by the sending of a
naval force to the Gulf, wheie we. are unrepre-
sented. This force should be accompanied by a
commissioner to treat with the Juaiez govern-
ment; to counteract the influence of the allied
fleets now aiding Miramon and Robles, and threat-
ening Juarez; and with the latter to cement &n al-
liance, and to obtain such a settlement of our
claims and difficulties as wiil comport with our
interest and honor, I have the suiest authority
for saying that such an arrangement would give
us, not onlya firm union with Mexico, not only
postal and extradition and right of way treaties,
riot only a foothold in the northern Mexican
States, which can be made permanent without war,
but it w6uid foil every attempt of the European
alliance to control the affairs of Mexico. It would
crush the Robles-Mirarnon government, elevate
and organize the democratic American sentiment,
and give us an alliance of peacc, which is the pre-
cursor of a magnificent commerce !
If, however, we seize Sonora and Chihuahua,
without an understanding with the constitutional
Government, what will be the result? Poor and
miserable as is the condition of Mexico, she would
likely declare war. Such a declaration would
come from the Robles-Miramon faction. It would
draw to that faction the strength of the nation.
It wouid, perhaps, crush Juarez and his party,
and i^ave us no better off than if we had pursued
a more politicand pacific course.
Again, if we delay to recognize the constitu-
tional Government, it will soon be in power at the
capital as it is m the provinces. It can then say
to us, k< Oh, yes; you would not help us in our
extremity, when your advantage should have 1
prompted you, and your sympathy would have I
been of service. We can get along without your :
aid now. Touch not a foot of our soil, on the
penalty of an endless uitficulty."
Wisdom, interest, the law of American prog-
ress, and the predominance of our Union on
this continent, all urge the course I have indicated. ;
28
Juarez waits our actiqp. Shall we miss the golden
opportunity?
If we fail in our efforts with him, then I am
willing at once to take Sonora and Chihuahua,
whichever party succeeds.
I believe that the.-hst of American claims and
cruelties, which has even provoked the English
press to wonder at our forbearance, is warrant
enough for such possession. There are even yet
higher grounds for such seizure. The French
Minister, De Gabriac, rules in the Miramon coun-
cils. A French fleet rides before Sacrificios.
The French admiral was very ready to back Spain
in her demands. To break this French power is
our imperative duty. If it be not broken, out-
line of extension southward to Central America
will be broken irrevosably.
Such is the condition uf parties in Mexico. I
need not discuss it further. The contest now is
between the democratic element and the conserv-
ative element. The latter has its eye ever on
Europe, and averse to the United States. Its rule
haspiovedthe most distracting and disastrous
ever yet known in the annals of the South Amer-
ican Republics, where the earthquake and the
revolution alike awake the same sad cry of an-
guish, and receive the game defiant, destructive
answer. . v:
I need not have pictured this land of beauty I
and order as it was ouce, to heighten the contrast I
of its present condition. After thirty-eight years 'i
of debilitating spasms, we find, to-day, the spec- '•
tacle of Mexico h lple*s, bleeding, dying; the |
Turkey of the western world; and cipable of no j
effort even of resistance to the Spanish fleet, much ,
less to the French or English. Rapacity, crime,
chaos, craft, license, and brutality; indolence only |
active to wrong; and industry quickened only for j
vice; laws made for theii infraction and Older to '
be contemned. Mountain cries unto valley for 1
relief; and from hacienda to city goes up the agony ;
of despair. This is unhappy Mexico, m whose ;
fate 110 nation ever can have the interest we have
till such a nation conquer us. Who shall inter- j
vent? ]
Were it only the natives who suffered, wMiiight j
stand aloof, and say, " they have made their bed; i
let them lie in it." Out even this would be cul- i
pable indifference. Good neighborhood does not >
thus do its office. The artisans of the city of
Mexico are out of employment, and hungeung I
for food. Let this one l'uct speak volumes ! In !
the three pawnbrokmg establishments of the city ]
called Monts da Piedad, the lart year, there were !
68,000 borrowers, out of a population of 185,000; i
§912,000 were loaned, and «8(ii),00U paid lor its ;
use. With an army of 11,700 men, of which :
5,800 are officers, and a debt of §120,000,000, and
an expenditure by two Governments; with but :
one eighth of her arable soil cultivated, and her ;
mines unworked, or, if woiked, the treasures at '
the mercy of the red guerilleros who infest every ,
avenue of intercourse; with every one of her twen-
ty-two States and six Territories parading an ar-
ray of contending forces and ambitious guenlia '
chiefs;GarzaandVidaurn conferring in the Js'oith
to move down and check the Federalists of the in- ■■
terior; Pesquiera about to move on iYtazatlan:
Alatnste on the plains of Apam; Camafiou, from
Metamoras de, Izucar, waiting to besiege Puebla;
Bianco in Miehoacan; IturbiJe m the Dahia; Mar-
quez repulsed from the Puente Calderon, around
which gather the combating forces under Mira-
mon, Rocha,and Desrolloclo; Mejia defeated by the
liberal forces under Pueblua anil IJuerta; the en-
virons of the capital swarming with the Liberal
soldiery; this was the picture of a few days ago.
The scene changes. The Federal chief Eche-
agaray betrays Zuloaga, and, in collusion with
Robles, makes the latter chief. Eeheagaray in |
turn is imprisoned at Puebla; is about to be shot; j
when, lo ! an insurrection in the city of Mexico j
saves him, and Zuloaga rushes to the F.nghsh j
flag for piotection. In this complication, a junta
is called to settle the difficulty; and who should
be cliosenbut Miramon, a dashing young general, j,
flushed with his successes over the Liberals, and I;
who moves toward the city under .the fluttering
pennons of his cavalry. Meanwhile,* young Al-
varez and Yillalva lead their speckled Pintes
down on the warm lowlands for pillage; while
Juarez, dignified and statesmanlike, holds his
rule in Vera Cruz, the commercial metropolis.
Mexican conducta go down to the sea under die
French flag, to get his revenues, to help one party
by robbing the other; while the fleets of tho-
tliree great nations of Europe gather on her coasts,
and beg, from their gaping gun-mouths, the re-
sults of spent plunder! It is as if Dives should
besiege Lazarus with a bowie knife and revolver,
and bid him disgorge the furtive crumb, as in-
demnity for the past and security for the future !
Fifty generals and a nation of seven millions, not
knowing what may be their fate! The Agiotis-
tas hold the money and oppress with it. The
generals murder and pillage in gross, and the
bandits in detail. Indians never before in arms
rush to them for self-preservation. Foreigners,
ever at the mercy of these fickle factions, find no
protection in their flags, and no hope but m pas-
sive submission to forced loans and open rob-
bery. This is the spectacle of mutilated Mexico
to-day. To-morrow it may be worse!
I repeat it, who shall intervene ? Some one must.-
Our interest is paramount. Why this interest?
Not only our proximity to Mexico; not alone the
number of our citizens domiciliated in the coun-
try, but a common interest in the development,
the retouching, as it were, into its primeval cdlor
and grace, of that elder beauty which Spain tar-
nished and anarchs have torn to shreds. Qur
interest lies first in Mexico's erect and orderly
independency. If that be no longer possible, then
that no Power but our own shall guard its weak-
ness and administer its estate. This is the only
programme which this nation can tolerate, and
by which it dare abide and survive or grow !
As to our proximity: the reasons on this head
for our intervention are well set forth in the Pres-
ident's message. I cannot add to its force. I
therefore quote it:
Uut there ^ another view of our relations with Mexico,
an&imr from the unhappy condition of affairs along our
southwestern liontier, which demands immediate action.
In that remote region, wheie there are but few white inhab-
itants, laige bands ot hostile and piedatojy Indian* luum
promiscuously over the Mexican States ot Chihuahua aiul
Sotioia, and our adjoining Tenitones. The local govern-
ment* of these Suites art; peilectlv helpless, and aie kept
in a state of constant alaini by the Indians. They hu\o not
the power, it they po<y<os..ed the will, even to resttam law-
leas Mexicans fiotn pacing the boidei and committing dep-
tedatioris on our icnjote pettlers. A state of anaichy ami
violence pif.vnild tmoughomthat distant frontici. The Jaws
arc a dead letter, ayd life and property wholly insecure.
For this reason the bettieinent of Arizona is arrested, whilst
it i* of'gieat importance that a chain of inhabitant*: should
extend all along it* southern border, sufficient for their own
protection, and that of the United States mail passing to
and fiom California. Well-founded apprehensions aie now
entertained that the Indians and wandering Mexicans,
equalIv lavvkv?, may break up the impoitaut stage and postal
communication lecentiy established between our Atlantic
and Pacific possessions. This passes very near to the Mex
ican boundary thioughout the whole length of Arizona. 1
can imagine no possible iPtnedy for these evils, and no mode
of le&tormg law and order on that remote and unsettled
fjoutier, but for the Oovetmnent of the United States to
a-Mime a temporary protectorate over the northe ;i portions
of Chihuahua and Sonoia, and to establish mthtaiy posts
within the same; and this I earnestly teeommend to Oon-
gret^. This piotection may he withdrawn a-' soon as local
governments >ha!l he established in these Mexican Stares,
capable of performing their duties to the United States,
lei-tiammg the lawless, and presmvnsg peace along the
boiler."
A temporary protectorate will effectually, if not
nominally, give us these States of Sonora and
Chihuahua. They are very sparsely populated,
there being only about three hundred thousand
poisons to their two hundred and twenty-three
thousand seven hundred and ten square'miles.
These lands arc represented as delightful in cli-
mate and rich in resources, agricultural ami mill-
era!. Tliey have been described as the land of the
blessed in Oriental story. Summer and winter,
table land and valley, are nearer akin than in most
places ill the world. Silver is m their streams, in
lodes with crests elevated above the ground.
Spain demonstrated their riches; but the nomadic
Apaches swept over this Eldorado, and left but a
