1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
ator from Minnesota to send a message to the
House of Representatives'; and I am discussing
that question. If the Senator from Georgia had
attended to business as closely as I have done,
he would have fqund that I was in order, and that
he was not. The point 1 am arguing is this—I
call the attention of the Senator from Minnesota
to what I am saying 
Mr. SHIELDS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. While I am on the floor, I
suppose the Senator cannot withdraw it. I will
give him a chance to withdraw it when I get
through. I was going to say that, inasmuch as
this amendment will not be a part of the bill by
eur action, it will be an idle ceremony for us to
send the message which is proposed to be sent to
the other House. If the bill were brought back,
and it were inserted here, the amendment would
be a part of the bill; but as the Senator from Min-
nesota has indicated his disposition to withdraw
the motion, I certainly will not occupy the time
«f the Senate in debating it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota having withdrawn his motion, the Post
Office appropriation bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It appears, by the report
of the Postmaster General, that there is a route
established once a month from Kansas, Missouri,
to Stockton, California, which costs $80,000 a
year. We have to-night added a northern route
at a cost of $200,000 a year. There is also an
overland mail from St. Louis, on the Butterfield
route. That we have cut down this morning from
semi-weekly to weekly service, making an econ-
omy of $150,000 a year. There is another route
from St. Joseph, by Salt Lake City, to Placer-
ville. That we have increased. Now, here is a
third route once a month from Kansas City, Mis-
souri, to Stockton, at $80,000. I propose to strike
that service out, to economize that, and appropri-
ate what we save there towards the northern
route. I offer this amendment:
+Sn/J le it further enacted. That it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to discontinue the mail now carried
once a month from Kansas, m Missouri, fo Stockton, Cal-
fornia, at the expiration of the present quarter.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the
Senator from Louisiana what is the cost of the
mail that he proposes to cut off?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Eighty thousand dollars a
year.
Mr. POLK. Does that include the whole cost
of carrying the mail from Kansas to Stockton?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The mail is carried once
a-month from Kansas to Stockton for $80,000 a
year.
Mr. POLK. If I understand the facts, this
mail line comes in this way: there has been, for
years, a line running from Kansas City or Inde-
pendence, Missouri, which are only twelve miles
apart, to Santa Fe, in New Mexico  
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is retained. You
have a line, besides this that I speak of, from In-
dependence to Santa Fe, and then from Neosho
to Santa Fe, and then from Santa Fe to El Paso.
These are all retained, and they are in addition j
to this.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator is mistaken
in one thing. I think there is no mail from
Neosho to Santa Fe. There is a mail twice a
month that has been contracted for from Neosho
to Albuquerque. Then, as I understand, there
is a mail running from Santa Fe down to Albu-
querque; and there was a contract for carrying a
mail from Albuquerque across to Stockton. One
of the oldest of these interior mails in the coun-
try, that from Kansas City to Santa Fe, connects
with that, so as to extend it over to California. I
suppose myself that the contract for carrying the
mail from Albuquerque across to Stockton is not
so great as $80,000 a year. I do not know ex-
actly what it is. I understand the Senator from
Louisiana to say that the cost of carrying the
mail from Kansas City to Stockton is $80,000.
Now, I believe there is no contract for carrying
the mail from Kansas City to Stockton at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the report of the
Postmaster General just sent to us, and these are
the routes now from Missouri west: First, there
is the St. Louis, or Butterfield route; then, there
is the St. Joseph route to Placerville; then, there
is the route from Kansas City to Stockton, once
a month, at $80,000a year; and then there is one
from Independence to Santa Fe, and one from
Neosho to Santa F?: and these two, connecting at
Santa Fe, go on to El Paso.
Mr. YULEE. That is it exactly.
Mr. BENJAMIN There are four routes. Now,
I want to know why we should retain this monthly
route from Kansas City to Stockton, at $80,000
a year, when we have a route from St Joseph,
and one from St. Louis, and one from Indepen-
dence ?
Mr. POLK. I would not insist on retaining
the service between Kansas City and Santa Fe.
Mr. STUART. Then let us strike it out. That
is the proposition.
Mr. POLK. No; that is not the proposition.
The proposition is to break up the connection
between Albuquerque and Stockton.
Mr. STUART. It does not affect that at all.
Mr. POLK. Let the Secretary read the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. POLK. Thus, you see, it does break off
the connection between Albuquerque and Stock-
ton. If there is a branch of this mail from Kan-
sas City to Santa Fe, I suppose it might be dis-
pensed with, because the present service between
Kansas City and Santa Fe might connect with
the new line from-Albuquerque to Stockton, and
thus there would be overland communication.
Therefore, I think the amendment offered by the
Senator from Louisiana goes too far. It is a mis-
take to suppose that it merely dispenses with the
mail between Kansas City and Santa Fe; it dis-
penses with it between Albuquerque and Stock-
ton, and so far as dispensing with the mail be-
tween Albuquerque and Stockton is concerned,
I think the amendment an injudicious one, and
one that ought not to be passed by the Senate. I
submit to the Senate that this is a mere prolonga-
tion of these two other stems, running, the one of
them from Neosho to Albuquerque,and the other
from Kansas City to Albuquerque, by the way
of Santa Fe.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Louisiana
will so change his amendment as to provide that
the service on this route shall cease, except be-
tween Albuquerque and Tejon, I shall be per-
fectly willing to vote for it.
Mr. POLK. Say Albuquerque and Stockton.
Mr. GWIN. If it reaches Tejon, it makes the
connection.
Mr. POLK. Very well.
Mr. GREEN. Tnatwilldo.
Mr. GWIN. Say it shall be reduced to that
service at a pro rata reduction on the presentcom-
pensation.
Mr. POLK. I will not object to that.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Louisiana
will modify his amendment in that way, it will
cut off three fourths the distance, and make it a
very short service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will leave it to the Sen-
ator from California to move that amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the amendment
by providing that the service shall cease, except
between Albuquerque and Tejon, where it con-
nects with the other overland mail; and that the
compensation shall be reduced pro rata.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
prepare the amendment.
' Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think gen-
tlemen should prepare their own amendments.
Mr. GWIN. We have not time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must say that
I feel exceedingly weary of this matter. The bor-
ders of my own State are intimately, closely, and
seriously, affected by these movements. I have
on no occasion annoyed the Senate with any extra
words upon these subjects; but I know that no
route of this kind can be brought forward with-
out the State of Missouri considering herself es-
pecially concerned to such an extent, at least, as
to see that everything is done in accordance with
her wishes. As one of the representatives from
the State of Arkansas, I am weary of it. Cer-
tainly, to the State of Missouri alone, upon this
side of the mountains, is not given wholly and
entirely the dispensation of the powers of this
Government, with regard to overland mail ser-
vice; but that seems to have been the practical ef-
fect. I am heartily sick and tired of it. There
ought to be a limit somewhere. I have forborne,
even when I have felt that my own State was
much affected, in order that we might progress
with the public business. I forbear going into
the subject, but I give notice that there is much
thnt remains, behind to be said, if there shall be a
necessity for it. ' •
I shall certainly vote for the reduction proposed
by the amendment offered by the Senator from
Louisiana, but I will not vote for it for thf? reason
which that Senator has given; nor will 'the ar-
rangements he may make with the Senator from
California [Mr. Gwin] or the Senator froiw Mis-
souri [Mr. Polk] have any effect at all in lead-
ing me to vote as I shall do. The Senator from
Louisiana gives two reasons for his amendment,
but I shall support it for neither of them. One of
them is utterly delusive, and in violation, I be-
lieve, of the sentiment and the sound opinion of
the Senate; and the other, I think, is a matter
more of friendship than it is of serious public
policy; and, as such, I voted for the proposition
to which he alluded, and would vote for it again,
more as a matter of friendship than sound policy,
and I would so avow before my own people. His
first reason, I say, is delusive. It is, that wehave
already reduced the service upon the Butterfield
contract. I believe that reduction will not stand
when this bill comes out of committee into the
Senate. That amendment was voted in without
a division, when the gentlemen who had debated
it were not in their seats, with the solitary excep-
tion of myself, and I was not observing'it. I al-
lude to that matter because I object to the reasons
the Senator gives for his amendment, and I do not
want the Senate to vote upon a delusion, and after-
wards regret it. I Jiope this amendment will not
be voted for on that ground. I shall vote for tho
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana for the
simple reason that I believe it is wise and good.
On the border of Missouri, there seems now to be
connected and collected a very large number of
routes. I think the State of Missouri, with all its
pretension, might well be .con tent with one or two,
without requiring four or five separate routes. I
shall vote for the amendment, but 1 protest that I
shall not do it for the two reasons the Senator
from Louisiana has given.
Mr. GWIN. My amendment to the amend-
ment has been put in form, and I ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And that the service on the route shall cease, except be-
tween Albuquerque and Tejon, and be continued on that
portion of the route at a jwo rata rate of the present com-
pensation.
Mr. GWIN. I will simply state that there is
service on all the other portions of the route, and
this connects the only disconnected link.
Mr. BRODERICK. I would prefer to hare
this route retained; but if it is to be cut off at Te-
jon, I hope the whole route will becutoflf. There
are no inhabitants at Tejon: it is a very poor
place to make a tavern for the stopping of the
mail. Stockton is a large city, with some eight
or nine thousand inhabitants; and the only in-
ducement I can find for supporting this mail route
at all is that it finds its terminus at Stockton. I
can see no earthly use for this mail, unless it goes
to Stockton.
Mr. GWIN. At Tejon it connects with the
Butterfield route. From Independence and Ne-
osho, to Santa Fe and Albuquerque, there are mail
routes now; but from there to Tejon there is no
mail route. By running a route there, it will
connect at Tejon with the Butterfield route, end.
thus reach Stockton. It will reach Stockton in
that way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays on the' amendment to the amend-
ment; but they were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected
—ayes five, noes not counted; and the amendment
of Mr. Benjamin was agreed to.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. i desire to offer an amend-
ment. [" Oh, wait! s'j
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to my friend from
North Carolina to withhold his amendment until
the bill shall be reported to the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will take the course s«£- .
gested by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendments roadeasin Com-
mittee of tho Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that we take
