mm
THB CONGRESSIONAL ^LOiBE,
March 1,
the question on all (he amendments in gross, ex-
cept such as particular Senators may desire to
except and have a. separate, votounmi. v
Mr. GWIN. I desire to except thesamend-
mant curtailing the service on the Butterfteld
rOHtP  • ;> • -i • l-.; -
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish the
amendment offered by the Senator fromMichigan
[Mr. Si-hart] excepted. . .
The VICE PRESIDENT,, The Secretary will
read the amendments,, and as tjiey.are read, Sen-
ator's will indicate those :wpon which they ..desire
a separate vote. ; r
Mr. HUNTER.. I suggest, that, by general
consent, qnly.those uppn which a separate .vote
is asked be read. It is useless to read them all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there- be no ob-
jection, Xhat course will be taken. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, t want a sep-
arate vote;,on the amendment of the Senator from
-Michigan.
.Mr. IVERSON. I want to except the amend-
.ment which was inserted on the motion of the
Senator from California, in relation to the mail
between St. Joseph and Placerville.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to except the amend-
ment, which has just been adopted, abolishing the
route from Stockton to.Kansas.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to except the amend-
ment raising the rates of postage.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to ask whether the
amendment reducing the service under the But-
terfield contract has been reserved.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has already
been exceptod.
Mr. LANE. I want a separate vote on the
amendment with regard to the route from St. Jo-
seph (
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has already
been excepted. If no further reservations be
made, the question will be taken on the remain-
ing amendments.
The amendments, with the exception of those
reserved at the instance of Senators, were con-
curred in,.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the first of the excepted amendments.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ami he it further e>itrtc<l, Time the I'o>l!n;Mcr Gcnerni
be, and lit: is lieieby. directed to reduce tho seiviee under
the contract Willi Uulteifn'lfl SfCo.. lunili; St-plrnihei 1G,
18o7,for earning thentiiH trnin the rivet 10 San
Francisco, to weekly trips, al a compensation of
per annum, ns piovided m weetion ten of the act 01 Muich
'Js ib'57, ;,:ii!l iTduclion to commence wn.li the next quarter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to call
tho attention of the Senate to this amendment,
which was debated before at some length. It was
debated principally by the Senator fiom Missis-
sippi .(Mr. Davis] and the. Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trcmbuu..] Those two Senators submit-
ted, rather more fully than any others, their views
in regard to it; and there was scarcely a reply, if
there was any response <it all. It passed away
from the consideration of the Senate, and at that
time it seemed to me that it could not possibly
command the support of one third of the body;
but I rany be mistaken in that. I called the at-
tention of Senators to the fact that a contract had
been made in obedience to a law which left it op-
tional with the Postmaster General to make one
of three contracts. The Postmaster General elected
to make one, and that contract having been estab-
lished, the question was raised and debated by
those Senators whether Congress now, by its own
action, could change the whole character of the
contract; and whether, if Congress did so, it
would not leave the Government of the United
States liable to all the damages which must neces-
sarily be incurred; and whether tbe result, in the
end, would not be that the Government of the Uni-
ted States would have to pay very neaily if not tho
whole amount which the original contract required
them to pay, although, by the operation of the
amendment, they would get only one half the ser-
vice which the contract stipulated they should re-
ceive. If the Senate are content to" take half the
service and pay the whole amount, in preference
to receiving the whole service for the same money,
very well, i shall content myself with asking for
the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. It was stated to-day, by the
honorable Senator who is chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads,.that it
costs the Government about sixty, dollars to take
a letter upon this route. Now, if we can, in any
way, reduce the price of taking a letter o.ver land
to California to thirty-five or forty dollars/Ith ink
we shall have done pretty well. The proposition
is to. reduce fhe-expenditure /o.r that service from
$600,000 to $450,000 a year. If. we can send a
letter to California for thirty-live or forty dollars,
instead of paying sixty dollars for it, we shall
have advanced that far in the road of economy.
How muchit costs to take a letter by the Panama
route, or by the new Tehuanteperc route, I do not
know; but I think it is desirable that the Ameri-
can people should know that, in order to populate
a wilderness, which the Almighty intended should
ever remain a wilderness, -we are paying now
sixty dollars to take a letter to California; and we
have advanced so far in the road of economy, as
to reduce that expenditure to thirty-five or forty
dollars. I hope we shall do it.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a consideration con-
nected with this subject to which I desire a little
attention on the part of the Senate, in reference
to these contractors; and J will state that the
ground on which I interpose is, that they are
mainly constituents of my own, in regard to whom
I am bound to exercise a prudent caution as to
legislation which may affect them. I wish to hear
the first part of the .amendment read again, to see
whether it is compulsory on the Postmaster-Gen-
eral to roduce this service.
The Secretary read:
That the Postmaster General be, and lie Is hereby, di-
iccted 
Mr.,SEWARD. Then it is compulsory on
the Postmaster General to reduce the service.
What I wish to know is, whether the honorable
Senator from Michigan, who ,introduced this
amendment, has considered well the question,
whether the Postmaster General has the power to
effect this; and, if so, what are the relative rights
of the parties in regard to it?
Mr. STUART. I did examine that to the ex-
tent of my capacity. I said that my opinions
were given to the Senate with great deference;
but I entertained no doubt that tho section of the
law which authorized this contract authorized a
contract which, in its performance, was subject
to the will and the wishes of the Department. I
think that is the clear interpretation of the tenth
section of the act of 1857.
Mr. SEWARD. The tenth section of the act
of the 3d of March, 1857, is:
'• That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized lo contract lor tho conveyance of the entire letter
mail, fiom such point on the Mississippi river as the con-
tractors may select, to San Francisco, in the State of Cali-
fornia, foi six years, at a coat not exceeding $300,0(i0 per
annum for eenu-moiithly, ,$4o0,00U for weekly, or $600,000
for semi-weekly, service."
Now, the contractors, so far as they havo had
noticc of this amendment, will insist, as I under-
stand, that the discretion vested by this section
in the Postmaster General is executed; that his
power was spent in making the contract with
tliem to carry the mail on the terms stipulated in
the contract.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will read
tho remaining lines of the section, because they
are the important ones.
Mr. SEWARD. I will do that. They are:
" To be pei'ormed semi monthly, weekly, or semi-weekly,
at the option of the Postmaster General."
If the Postmaster General had made a contract
in the terms of this statute, stipulating for this
service, semi-monthly so much, weekly so much,
semi-weekly so much, to be varied from time to
time, or at such times and on such occasions as
the Postmaster General shall hereafter direct,
then the parties would have been apprised of their
liability to forfeit the contract which they had
made. 1 barely wish to call the attention of the
Senate to this point now, not because I am pre-
pared myself to remonstrate against this act; for
while I speak with regard to them, I must also
act with regard to the public interests of the
United States. They represent to me that the
change which is proposed will be ruinous to them,
and that they can better afford, having made all
the provisions for executing the contract, to per-
form the service stipulated- in the contract, than
they can to accept the terms which Congress will
give them by this amendment. The subject is
one of great interest, and I wish that they may
not be concluded against their claims by thig hasty
act of legislation; but I desire, in their name,, to
enter a protest against the act which the Senate
is about to do. , '
Mr. HUNTER. -This matter was disputed
at great length before. . I hope'we shall have a
vote., .. /
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
New York, 1 know, is an advocate for economi-
cal expenditures." .He .has signalized himself as
an advocate for economical expenditure. Now,
if the fact be that it should, be actually ruinous to
those contractors, within the terms of their con-
tract, to reduce their service, as is proposed by
this amendment, I submit to that honorable Sen-
ator, who, we all know,is an advocate fora most
economical' expenditure, whether it would not
be better for this Government to pay to 'these
contractors $1,000,000, as indemnity for their
losses, rather than to continue this contract?
Would it not be better that we should pay them
$1,000,000, to reimburse them for their losses,
than to continue the bad example of this profli-
gate expenditure of the public money ? I submit
it to the honorable Senator ,as an advocate for
economical expenditure.
Now, let me say one word more to the Senate.
Where does the money come from? From the
people. How is it derived? By taxation. What
is taxation? A fax is the contribution which the
citizen pays for the support of the Government
that maintains him in the security of his life and
his liberty and Ips property; and that contribution
should be dealt out with a most niggardly hand.
I submit, therefore, to the honorable Senator,
whether it would no tbe better that we should pay
even $1,000,000, to reimburse these contractors
for their losses, than to encourage this profligate
expenditure?
M r. SEWARD. There are no Senators on this
floor whom I am more desirous to defer to and re-
spect than the Senators from Virginia; but I some-
times find it very difficult to decide upon the line of
duty which I shall pursue to satisfy them both.
The honorable Senator from Virginia who is the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, appeals
to us not to debate at all; and his colleague, the
honorable. Senator from Virginia who has just
taken his seat, appeals to me to advocate and
maintain positions which I have not even assumed
in this debate. I will say to my honorable friend
from Virginia who has just taken his seat, that I
am glad to find that, at last, my character in this
House as an advocate for retrenchment and econ-
omy is being understood and is confessed. I am
glad to have the confession come from that quar-
ter. I know that the candor with which it is
made will commend it to the consideration of the
public.
• In the next place, I am thankful to my friend
from Virginia for .entertaining the proposition
which I made with distrust, and with even a pro-
test against being committed to it myself, with so
much generosity and magnanimity. I was called
from my seat here by these contractors who saw
this proposition going through. They are con-
stituents of mine. I heard their explanation of
the transaction, and I came upon the floor, and,
without committing myself to maintain their in-
terests at all, I notified the Senate that they would
regard themselves as entitled to damages for this
reduction of service upon their contract, reserv-
ing my own vote upon that claim for damages;
but my honorable friend from Virginia admits the
claim, like an honest man, like a magnanimou?
man, like a Senator, and proposes already to pay
them $1,000,000 in damages, which, I think, is
at least three or four times more than they will
claim, and certainly more than I shall ever be
disposed to give.
Mr. MASON. I understand the honorable
Senator from New York to disclaim that he is an
advocate for economical expenditure; but I would
say to the honorable Senator from New York,
what he is too accomplished a dialectician not to
mistake, that there are occasions when irony is a
most impressive manner of •,telling truth.
Mr. BAYARD. This amendment proposes
not to put an end to a contract, but to reduce a con-
tract from semi-weekly to weekly service, at a
decrease in cost of $150,000 a year. If it was a
saving that could be properly effected, I should
be disposed to go for it; but we have not the con-
tract before us; and I, for one, will never give my
