434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
• memory of its treasures which American enter-
prise is already vitalizing into a reality.
Is it objected by southern gentlemen that these
States must become free, and not slave States?
I hope not.' You have been claiming your con-
stitutional rights. Where is there a word about
the equilibrium bf the States in that instrument?
Under it yo.u have equality of right, fcnd no right
of equality in the number of States. This equal-
ity is not of arithmetic, but of political ethics.
The moment you claim equilibrium of States,
that momentyour honoris compromised and your
loyalty to the Constitution is questioned.
Do you say, " We will favor this protectorate
if T&maulipas and New Leon are included?"
Very well; try that. I will vote for it, or vote
to include any other State where you think you
can raise coffee and sugar, and can outvie with
the North in the race of colonization and power.
X will gladly vote for a protectorate over an inde-
pendent federation of States north of the Sierra
Mad re.
Mr. MILLSON. I want to know under what
authority the gentleman from Ohio represents
southern gentlemen as desiring all these Mexican
States ?
Mr. COX. I have not so represented them. I
say, southern gentlemen may, perhaps, not ex-
actly wish to take Sonora and Chihuahua, lest
they might become free States, and not slave
States. It was a suggestion made to me by a
southern gentleman, and I said to him, 44 Come
along; we will put in Tamaulipas and New Leon.
We will drive them hand in hand." For myself,
I am willing to give protection to northern Mex-
ico; if not for annexation, for a free trade which
will be of mutual advantage, and will be a prac-
tical absorption. It will at least prepare these
States for admission. Let Monterey be the nu-
cleus of Zacatecas, San Luis, Glueretero, Tamau-
lipas, Coahuila, New Leon, Chihuahua, and So-
nora—ail the States between the Rio Bravo and
the Gulf of California; all natural allies in the in-
terests of the United States. Let them cluster in
upon upon our ensign—not star by star, but in a
galaxy. By that, you do at once what will in
time be done by the natural laws of development.
Besides,you raiseourpresentfeoble trade of seven
millions to twenty-eight, which Great Britain en-
joys. You can thus enhance every inch of soil,
and every shining particle of ore, in these regions.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my colleague allow mo
to put a question to him ?
Mr. COX. No, sir; I have not time. We will
meet and talk the matter over after my friend
shall be made Governor. I do not wish to get
out of the line of my argument.
By this programme we shall have, in time,
with all of Mexieo,a practical annexation, which
will allow free trade and safe intercourse, to our
mutual advantage.
As to the question of protecting our citizens
already in Mexico, and demanding reparation for
wrongs done them, this should be a capital cause
of intervention in Mexican matters. Senator Ma*
son's bill is rightly predicated on this cause. If
Spain could make the liberals pay for the murder
and spoliation of Spanish subjects at San Vin-
cente, Chiconcuaquc, Durango,and elsewhere, in
Comonfort's time, why are we asleep over the
rights of our citizens ? I have before me a list of
these claims, but a very imperfect one. Each
claim is a casus belli. Here are some dozen cases
of illegal seizure of American property. I saw it
noticed that some eleven millions were already
calculated at our State-Department. We have
grievances beyond money. The sentences m
relation to illegal marriages is a wrong to those
who were married without the established Church,
and degrades to crime the holy relations of parent-
age and wedlock; the infamous surveillance of the
post office over American letters, refusing to de-
liver even the United States consular correspond-
ence unless it were first inspected by Mexican
authorities; and worse still, the rude, cruel, and
brutal arrest and imprisonment of Chaplin,
Stocker, Ainsi, and Garcia, whose stones are
enough to make the Iluynausof Austria pale be-
side the imbruted and unbridled scoundrciism of
Alexiean officers. The story of Ainsi, siezed on
American soil, sixteen months in the prisons of
Sonora. wearing thebarrade grillas; and that sad,
saddest of all stories, the massacre of his brother-
in-law, Crabbe, and his confederates, whose char-
acters have been blackened to rob their murder of
its hcinowsness; these should move the very
stones to mutiny.
In this matter the United States have but one
'duty. These sufferers were our citizens. Where
ever tha't character of citizenship is to be found,
the individual bearing it is clothed with the na-
tionality of the Union. Whoever the man may
be, whether native-born, naturalized, or semi-nat-
uralized, he'can claim the protection of this Gov-
ernment. It may respond to that claim without
being obliged to explain its conduct to any for-
eign Power;" for itisits duty to make its nation-
ality respected by other nations and respectable
in every quarter of the globe." This doctrine
was illustrated in the Koszta case. What dif-
ference is there between a dungeon mGuaymas,
where Ainsi lay in chains, and the Austrian brig
Huzzar, which held the body of the Hungarian?
The outrages upon our citizeng are not confined
to Mexico. In every Spanish-American State
they are common. In (Jallao, in Paraguay, in
New Granada, in Cuba, in Costa Rica, in all places
where the slanders of*the Madrid press against
the " peddling traders of the North " enter, we
have to meet persecution, imprisonment, illegal
seizure of property and person and an unwink-
ing espionage; and that, too, under taunts more
galling, because we know how easy it would be
to punish such outrages. We should examine the
list of claims on Spanish-American States to ap-
preciate the divine forbearance of our inactivity.
A settlement with Mexico would be a general set-
tlement, with Spanish America.
This duty of intervention becomes at once im-
perative and dignified, when we remember that,
by such an act, we not only protect our citizens,
but we save Mexico. We not only save her from
Spain, Prance, and England, but from herself.
This is no conquest of Cortez. It is the salvation
of a people whose interests will be bettered by our
aid. Without such aid, the fairest part of this
continent will be a ruin—onlyuhe'woi-se because,
like the Parthenon, its fragments will remain to
show the beauty and richness of her former con-
dition.
In conclusion, the policy I have indicated with
respect to this continent, and the application of
which to Cuba, Central America, and Mexico,
will be of such benefit to them, will enable us to
conform to that law of growth by which alone
we have become great, and by which alone we
shall become greater. This is the policy of other
nations, and they have met obstacles to accom-
plish it. We shall accomplish it, but we shall
have them as our obstacles. England has swept
with her power from the Shannon to the Indus.
She is content, and so are we, to see her great-
ness repeated in the offspring of her loins. Yet
she daily calls our Attempt to expand by the rudest
terms. "France has twice threatened Europe with
continental conquest, and now organizes the Arabs
of Northern Africa, the granary of the Roman
world, for her march upon Egypt and her dom-
ination of the Mediterranean. Russia, the great
land animal, is piercing Asia at every vulnerable
point with her lances, and is pressing for an em-
pire of which there is no adequate prophecy in
the Scriptures. Even Spain joins her arms and
her priesthood with France, and ts waging against
Cochin China a war which her journals call the
civilizing spirit of the age, impelling the forcc of
Europe to break down the barriers which divide
that race from humanity.
Yet all of these nations except Russia, which
has ever been kind and tolerant toward us, aro
this day in league to prevent the stretch of our
influence over our continent. England, holding
half of North America, is jealous of our growth,
and would choke us atthe isthmean neck. France
would crush out the sympathies of the white re-
public of St. Domingo for the United States, by
her Chevalier Reyband, chargc at Hayti; and she
used that burlesque of emperors and that ape of
manhood, Souiouque,to Africanize the island, to
overthrow Santa Auna, and to break down the
Cazenau treaty for a free port and steam depot,
and for advantages to our citizens in the mines,
sugar lands, and mahogany forests of that island 1
France again appears in the Sandwich Islands; at
the Isthmus, with M. Belly; and at last in Mex-
ico, aiding the Spaniards, and in sympathy with
the Spaniards of Cuba, to foil us in every attempt
to adjust our national relations with that country.
Every steamer brings us a lecture from Exeter,
Hall on our slave propagandist fillibusterism/'
And may we not go for its commentary to Copen-
hagen, to Ionia, to Gibraltar, to Malta, to the
Cape of Good Hope, to the Red Sea, to Jamaica,
to New Zealand, to China, and to the sheiks of
all India. Why, the British regime in India was
a system of torture more exquisite than regal or
spiritual tyranny ever before devised. The Se-
poys vainly tried to copy its atrocities.
Were we left alone, we might be content to let
France alone. No American would whisper a
" nay "to her making the Mediterranean a French
lake. Her genius and vivacity can make its waves
glow with the light of other 4ays. That sea on
which navigation had its birth—the maritime
world of Greece, Carthage, Rome, Tyre, Sidon,
Turkey, Egypt, Persia, Venice, and Genoa—the
sea of Homer and David, Jonah and St. Paul,
Ulysses and Neptune; washing the base of Ara-
rat and Olympus; with a world's history on its
bosom, and whole nations in its bed; the Amer-
ican can well say, let itaguard be the gallant sons
of France ! He could say it without envy, and
with heartiness, if France would keep her navies
out of the Gulf of Mexico and the*harbor of San
Juan.
We have made no remonstrance against Eng-
land on her ceaseless round of empire—bloody,
cruel, and rapacious as it has been—subsidizing
the riches of Asia to her commerce and her greed.
We know the law by which these powerful white
races move. It will be irresistible. France, Eng-
land, and Russia, are tending to a common focus
at the Isthmus of Suez, as Francfe, England, and
the United States are atDarien. Starting; from
opposite points, extra-European conquest con-
verges here! England seeks passage across Egypt
or Syria, for India and Australia, and pounces on
Penm, as she did on Gibraltar and San Juan.
France, marching her army of Algeria, presses
toward the prize to realize_the great Napoleon's
dream of Egypt, and urges her canal at Suez as
she«is striving to do at Nicaragua. Russia, semi-
oriental, marches through Western Asia and Per-
sia down upon the confines of English power and
French ambition, and finds her rivals in the field.
What fine reproaches they can hurl at each other
and at us, for the lust of dominion, when they
gather at this focus of the former civilization I
What shocks of contending forces will there and
then be encountered! Let them come and strive.
Let Russia push its caravans across the steppes
of Tartary until the trade of ICiachta and Irkantsh
rival Canton and Shanghai. wLet France divorce
Asia from Africa by marrying the Red sea to the
Mediterranean at Suez. Let England work its
iron way to India from Beyrout to the Euphrates.
Let the steam engine labor for the millions of
Asia under any engineer; but let America alone
m her armies of occupation to open the Isthmus,
and control the steam and commerce center of our
own hemisphere.
No change of dynasty, or of form of govern-
ment, can check this ultimate condition of Euro-
pean expansion and collision. Such a change
may affect the relations of these countries to our-
selves. The illiberal policy of France to this coun- ,
try may return to plague its inventor, the usurper
of France.
I have never heard his hated name since the
2d of Decentber, that I could repress the prayer,
which now I pray with something of a Red Re-
publican fervor, that France may have barricades
on the Boulevards; the throne in flames, as that
of Louis Philippe in the Place du Carousel; the
dynasty he seeks to perpetuate cut off, or flying
from the rage of a Red Republic; more citizens
and less soldiers, and both fraternizing to the
music of the Marseillaise; exiles returning from
their homes in pestilential swamps, amidst gay
and festive welcome; prisons breaking; the press
tree; the Palais Justice open, and the tri-color of
a new Republic flashing from every part of France
and topmost on the Hotel de Vilie, made sacred
by the heroiceloquenceofLamartine. This would
be a fit retribution from God for crimes and per-
juries; and not at all unfit as the reward of an in-
termeddling policy with the republican interests
of the New World! .
Let us be decided ! These European Powers
cannot, and do not, have peace. The bugles of
truce sounded at-the conference of Paris.. Her-
alds proclaimed peace in every capital. But the
