1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Mm
vote deliberately in Congress to violate a contract,
if I know that it is to have that effect. I must
know that it is not to have that effect before I will
give such a vote. Why should you give a ground
for a claim for damages against the Government,
unless you could get Fid of "the whole." If you
would have a right to abandon the whole contract,
and chose to pay the penalty, very well; but the
truth is, there will-be no saving whatever result-
ing from this, with the damages you will have to
pay, provided"it is a breach of the contract; and
it seems to me, on the face of the law read by the
honorable Senator from New York, that it must
necessarily be a violation of the contract. I am
unwilling to give a vote which violates a contract
of the Government, even to save $150,000a year,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas-. I will eonsent
to vote for the amendment offered by th£ Sena-
tor from Michigan, provided that, in accordance
with the sentiments which have been expressed
by the Senator from Delaware,'the amendment
which I now offer shall be accepted, but I cannot,
on any other terms, do it. It will .be recollected
that, by the provisions of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Michigan, and adopted un-
der the circumstances to which I have alluded, the
amount of service to be rendered, uncler the con-
tract now m existence, has been reduced. I pro-
pose, as a proviso, to add to that amendment:
Provided, That this reduction, in th^ opinion or'the Post-
master Genera), is not inconsistent with the obligations of
the Government under the existing contract with Butterfield
& Co.
Mr. IVEHSON. I suggest ta my friend from
Arkansas to put his proviso in this form;
Provided, The said change can be legally made, or made
with the consent of the contractors.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do notknow
that I should be willing to take their consent in
regard to anything connected with it. I do not
think they have fulfilled their contract heretofore;
and I do not propose to have anything depend on
their consent.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator misunderstands
the purport of my suggestion. It is not to put it
in the condition he supposes; but in the alter-
native, directing the Postmaster General to make
the reduction, if he can do it legally; or, if he can-
not do it legally, that he may then do it with the
consent of the contractors. I suggest this alter-
ation; but I shall not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendmentof the Senator from Arkansas
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole;
and the yeas and nays were taken, with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Cameron,
Chandler, Clingman, Doohttle, Pessenden, Fitch, Foot,
Poster, Green, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson ot Tennessee, Jones, King, Lane, Mallory, Mason,
Pearce, Pugh, Sewaul, Shields, Simmons,Stuart,Toombs,
Wade, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Bright, Broderick, Brawn,
Davis, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Houston, Johnson of Arkausas,
Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Tiumbull, and Ward—16..
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was to insert,
as an additional section:
•And, be il furthei enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to order an I
increase of spef-d on the mail route between St. Joseph, I
Missouri, and Placerville, Cdhform<t, so as to require the I
mails to be transported through in tvvcuty-five days : Pro- J
vided, That if said contractors have heietofore offered to
perform said increased service for a le&s sum than the usual
jtro rata allowed by the Department, then the Po*tma-5ter
General shall not contract to pay more than said lat-t men-
tioned offer, or at an' increased expense not exceeding
$130,000.
Mr. IVERSON. In rising to call for the yeas
and nays on this amendment, I desire to invoke
for half a minute the attention of the Senate. We
have, now, I think, something like five or six
mails to California. We have a mail by the Isth-
mus of Panama, we have one by the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec, we have one from San Antonio in
Texas, overland, intersecting with the Memphis
route, and going from Fort Yuma to San Diego.
Then we have the Butterfield route running from
Memphis and St. Louis, across to San Francisco.
Then we have the Neosho and Aiburquerque and
Kansas City route, and we have the route which ■
is now under consideration, from St. Joseph,
Missouri, to Placerville, in California. These
routes cost the Governmentmore than $2,000,000
annually. I think nearer two and a half than
two millions; and now it is proposed to increase
that route to the extent of $130,000, when the ex-
tension is certainly, in my opinion, not worth
anything to the country. Senators on both sides
of this House have been crying out against the
extravagant expenditures of this Government,
especially of the Post Office Department. It has
been the theme of constant abuse on the other
side of the Chamber, and even Senators belonging
to the Democratic party have been found fluent
in their denunciations against the extravagance
of this Department; and yet here are Senators,
these very gentlemen who are crying out against
these abuses, now willing to increase them, by
adding to the expenses of that very Department.
You vote to increase the expenses, and then stand
up before the American people and abuse the De-
partment for carrying your own behests into exe-
cution. I trust Senators will at least be consist-
ent, and not increase the expenses of the Govern-
ment when they themselves constantly denounce
the Government for these expenditures. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. It may be proper, I think, forme
to give the reason why I shall vote against this
amendment. We have heard from the Senator
from Georgia that the mail service which we have
now overland to California, some five or six
routes, costs the Government annually, as he
says, and I presume he knows, over two million
dollars. This route is one m which the people.I
represent are interested. The road from St. Jo-
seph leads directly into Oregon. It is the emi-
grant route, and it may be said that it is the best
road on the face of the earth for its length. A due
west line from St. Joseph strikes Oregon at Rose-
burg, and by making a little deflection to the north
it strikes it at the Dalles. Either one of those
routes has plain, wide, well-beaten roads.
This route goes by Salt Lake, on the direct line
to Oregon; and yet, for the accommodation of
California, when it reaches Salt Lake, it bears off
soutli to Placerville, and that is a greater distance
than it is to Roseburg, and not near as good a
country to travel over. I have endeavored to
have this service extended from Salt Lake on
that direct line to Oregon; but that has been re-
fused. Having no route to Oregon, having no
mail service to Oregon, never having had any, I
ask Senators ho w they can expect me to vote now
to give additional service to a portion of the route
on the direct line to Oregon, and then have it turn
off from Oregon ? I came here to represent in part
the State of Oregon. While I shall never lose
sight of the tiue interests of this country; while
I shall never be found acting with any section
but for the whole country, with the strongest de- I
sire to see this Government broughtdown to the '
strictest principles of economy, 1 will say that I \
cannot, consistently with my duty to the people i
whom I represent, vote for additional expense for j
mail service to the Pacific, by which they are not 1
in the slightest degree to be benefited. For this j
reason I shall vote against the amendment. j
Mr. GREEN. It is too late to engage in a gen- !
era! discussion of this subject, and too much time :
has already been consumed on this bill; but I will '
merely make one remark. The route by St. Jo-
seph to Placerville, in California, is in the direc- ij
tion of the great commercial mart of California, i|
and for that reason it deflected to the left, and not ;|
from any desire not to accommodate Oregon. We
ore willing to accommodate her; but the route it-'!
self accommodates the whole northwest territory.
A railroad is finished through to St. Joseph.
There is no point on this continent wheie you
can go by the steam car as far west as you can :
on this route. It is, then, shorter from there to
the Pacific coast than any other route now run as
a post route to connect the Mississippi valley
with the coast of the Pacific. It has already been
stated to be the best road. The passageon it can |
be made in aless space of time. Why, then, shall;
we not reduce it to the same time, giving the same j
rate of compensation that is given to the south- I
ern line, seven hundred miles longer? Itaccom- j
modates more people; it takes ten times the mail!
matter; it is more central, and in every respect
more entitled to our regard; but I will notenlarge
upon the question.
Mr, HARLAN*. I ha>ve
been submitted this feveningv.which are jun|ust .to
California, It is true we spen^a-large amount of
money jin the public service pn the coast,
in proportion to the population there; but if
mail route-were annihilated by an act,of,th£ pres-
ent Congress, what would be
off the people of-Utak from; mail service fromtte
Pacific coast, as weU as from the States; in tfie
valley of the Mississippi. Suppose.
annihilate the other ipail.rQute,,of. whicfi.com-
plaint has been made, you^duid^heretjy tfut off
all the people of New'Meiico,' In and around"
Santa Fev. Now, does the'Senate proptfsef to1 cut-
off the people of New Mexico and Utah from mail •
facilities, hoth;fro'm the'.'Atlarttic $nd IVf issisfsippi
States arid from t,he Pacific slope? Sq/wtth'tjie
people who are m Arizona. We talk of the ex-
pense of the mail routes front the Atlantic States
to the Pacific, us if the entire expense "were dud to
the people of California, and a? if there were no
people intermediate to be considered. There is
not one of the routes which have been established
that is riot necessiary to accommodate the people
of the Territories. Thd route,,of ^hich complaint
is now made, is necessaryforthe accommodation
of the people of Utah, where you htfve'ojganized.
a Terri-tory and kept up a territorial government
for years. It is necessary for their accommoda-
tion that this route should be continued to carry
their mails, not only to the Atlantic States, but to
the Pacific States. The same is true tff'the rou^ear
passing through Santa Fe and'Arizona. ' There
is but one route that will not accommodate ah in-
termediate people, and that is' the last one, which
we voted in the bill during the evening—the route
from St. Paul to Washington Territory. I have
heard it intimated that this effort is now being
made, to annihilate the present route, for the pur-
pose of substituting the one we have,added to the
bill this evening, from St* Paul'to1 Washington
Territory. The intimation which wasgiven seems
to be carried out by arguments and votes. All we
want is jus'tice, in relation to this matter; and it
would be extremely unjust, to the gieat mass of
the people of the northwest, not to give them tho
same amount of servicc on the central emigrant
route which you give the people of the sparsely
populated Territories in the southwest. AH we
ask is even-handed justice—nothing more.
Mr. GWIN. I have only a word to- say to my
friend frdm Oregon, and it is- that the friends1 of
the proposition .he made are thdse who are most
anxious for the passage of this amendment.' It
is not the opponents of the'proposition, for a rftail
to Oregon—which I intend to offer again in the
Senate and give the Senator nn opportunity te
have the yeas and nays upon it—who are in favor
of this^amendment.
Mr. LANE. Offer it as an amendment to this.
Mr. GWIN. 1 cannot do that. That would
be out of order. 1 want to say to the Senator
that the proposition which was made in regard to
the service in Oregon was originally contemplated.
I spent weeks and weeks in-attempting to organ-
ize this service during the last year, and it was
then understood that so soon as it should go into
successful operation, the branch to Oregon would
be established. But I suppose the Postmaster
General has been deterred, on account of the state
of the revenues and the general complaint that
was made of the expenses of the Department,
from advertising to give out these routes. I am
for giving him directions to do it now. I received
by the last mail a memorial very numerously
signed in favor of increasing the service on this
very route. There is no questiouofgreater con-
sequence in my judgment to the people on this
side and the other side of the mountains.. I hope
the amendment will prevail. . .
The question being taken by yeajs and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays'24; as.fofows:
YEAS—Messrs. BeH, Bigler, Bright, Brodefiek,Cameron,
Chandler, Ciaik, Collamer, BooUtUe. Douglas, Fessenden,
Foot, Fo-ter, Green, Gvwu, Ifale, Hamlin, Harlan, Uou-*
ton, Jones, Km?, PoJk, Seward, Shields, Sunmond,Trum-
bull, Wade, Wdsoft,and Wr gh,t—29.
NAYS—Messrs.AWen, Bayard, Benjamin, Brown,Ches-
mir, Clay, Clmgman, Davss, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, fJimt&r,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane,
Maflory, Mason, Pearce, Pugh, Reid, Seba^an, Stuart,
Toombs, and Yulee—24.
So the amendment was concurred in. -
The next reserved amendment was to insert as
an additional section:
be it further enicfed, That it shall be Ike duty of the
