1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
war harness is not off. It is burnished anew, and
the weapons within reach ? England, trembling
at the one hundred thousand soldiers across the
channel, and the naval wonders at Cherbourg,
commences to build coast defenses. Russia ac-
quires Villa Franca, and stirs insurrection in Ionia
against England. Mazzini issues his rescript to
the secret societies and open Republicans of Italy
to be ready and one as the thought of Italy and
God. The coin of C( Emanuel, King of Italy,"
is circulated through the peninsula. An actress
moves the people of Yenice to insurrection by a
recitative which reminds them of their patriotism.
Austria arms, and Piedmont proposes to repel.
Ijjfepce sends more troops to Rome. Austria
gnrw 1 s. Prance obtains from the Swiss a strong
strategic post, and Austria growls again. Naples
insults Napoleon to please Austria. England
writes bitterly against Naples, and does not spare
the prosecutor of Montalembert. England shakes
with a new reform movement—John Bright striv-
ing to Americanize her by popular sovereignty.
Turkey is unsettled in Europe and in Asia. Rus-
sia moves on, immense and great—the envy of all.
A lighted match may flash this magazine into a
terrificblaze, whose thunder will make all Europe
quake. The alliances of to-day, in Europe, for
her own balance of power, may be dissolved by
a4popular breath to-morrow. As a consequence,
tfiey cannot be relied on to pursue us to any fata!
end.
Already England has pushed this alliance with
France to its snapping point. The English peo-
ple wiil^not permit their aristocracy to carry it so
far as to make it an offense to the people of this
commercial nation. Not but that the English Gov-
ernment would like .to aid France in checking our
career; but trade is powerful for peace, and peace
with us means cotton in England. Let England
find cotton elsewhere, and our southern friends
may be assured that her intercourse with us will
be no longer peaceful. Gentlemen need not flat-
ter themselves either, that cotton is their peculiar
staple. Why is England trying every appliance
to reach cential China? To clothe m fabrics the
four hundred millions of Chinese? No. They
are thus clothed, and mark it, by cotton, which
is the stupendous giowth of their own great cen-
tral valley, estimated now to produce more than
double the cotton raised in all our southern States
put together. This valley being England's, Man-
chester and Stockport can snap their fingers at
Charleston and Mobile, and English audacity will
begin a new career of rapacity and insolence to-
ward us. Her jealousy of us is intus et %n cute.
Our reliance must be on our own strength and
growth. If we cannot enact the Monroe ddfctnne
into international law we can create and conse-
crate it as a national sentiment. Let it be the
national genius. Let it be the power of Aladdin's
lamp. You remember the story. The old lump
from its friction evoked from the cave a mighty
spirit; awed by its teirors, the poor youth only,
ventured^at first to employ its powers in familiar
affairs; but gradually accustomed to its presence,
he employed it to construct palaces, to amass
treasures, to bafrle armies, to triumph over foes,
to wield the elements of air and light and heat,
until, at the close of the story, the poor youth be-
comes the soveieign of a peaceful einpne assured
to his remote posterity.
This story, Mr. Chairman, is the type of our
political genius. By it we have fortified ourselves
in our domestic interests. Our domestic and terri-
torial policy is fixed under its guidance. It is the
instrument of that progress which must keep pace
with sttam and telegraph, until we are assured of
an empire with which kingcraft dare not meddle;
or meddling, find it a power to baffle its force of
arms, and its fraud of diplomacy. We have be-
come a Colossus on this continent, with a strength
and stride that will and must be heeded. With
our domestic policy as to local governments estab-
lished, we can go on and Americanize this cdYiti- J
nent  and make it what Providence intended it |
shouldljecome, by a perpetual growth, and an un- ;
severed Union—the paiagon m history, for order, :
harmony, happiness, and power! |
CONSULAR. AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire now to move
to lay aside the consideration of the President's an-
nual message, for the purpose of taking up House
bill (No.*666) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860. De-
bate can go on, under the order made by the House
yesterday, on the President's message to-night or
any night during the ensuing two weeks. If this
bill be taken up, I hope discussion will be con-
fined to its subject-matter. The President's an-
nual message isa matteron which we may discuss
such topics as gentlemen may think fit. I now
move to lay aside, for the present, the President's
annual message
Mr. HOUSTON. , I desire to inquire*of the
gentleman from Missouri, whether.the resolution
for having evening sessions was adopted yester-
day ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It was.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, if we propose to take
a recess to-day, it seems to me that it is time to
do so now.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We can make
some progress on the consular and diplomatic bill;
and it will be then before us.
The question wfes taken; and the President's
annual message was laid aside temporarily.
The committee then proceeded to consider the
consular and diplomatic bill.
After the bill had received its first reading,
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, said: I desire now
to move to strike out the proviso at the end of the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let me remark
to my friend from Ohio, that the bill has received
only its first reading. It will now be read by
clauses for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill foramend-
ment.
Mr. COLFAX. I desiie to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
the mission to Persia has been established by
law > *
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, It has been es-
tablished m the same manner as all other missions
arc established, by the Constitution of the United
States. It is for Congress to -say whether or not
it will make an appropriation for the mission to
Persia. If the gentleman will examine the law,
he will find that theie is no specified authority
for the appointment of ministers to many of the
nations. As to the propriety of making an ap-
propriation for the mission to Persia, that is a
question which will address itself to the members
of the committee. As to the law, I wit! point
the gentleman to the Constitution of the United
States, to the-opinions and expositions of jurists
that the Constitution itself is authority or war-
rant for the appointment of all diplomatic agents.
But it may be a matter of sound discretion whether
the President of the United States should make
an appointment of a minister to any foreign na-
tion, unless Congress shall have made an appro-
priation to pay the salary of that minister.
I desired, Mr. Chairman, when I sought the
floor, merely to invite the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that the greater portion of these
appropriations are for the payment of the salaries
of officers who are already m the discharge of
their duties. There is also an appropriation for
the payment of the expense of running the north-
west boundary line. There is another for the pay-
ment of such expenditures as have accrued, or
may accrue in the execution of the act of 1819,
prohibiting the slave trade. It will be recollected
by the members of the committee, that some time'
duung last summer, a vessel having a number of
slaves on board was captured and carried into
Charleston. Legal proceedings were instituted
for the purpose of having the vessel condemned.
Tl^e captors are, by the law of 1819, entitled to
a bounty of so much per head on every African m
that captured vessel. Other expenses have been
incurred in the same matter—the taking care and
feeding of those Africans. Finally, the question
presented itself to the President of the United
States what should be done with these Africans?
Was it not expedient, under existing laws, to
send them out of the country? Entertaining that
opinion the President ordered the Africans to be
carried back to their own country; it being ar-
ranged that when transposed to Liberia, they
should be placed under the charge of the Coloni-
zation Society, and in consideration of a sum
specified in a contractfor that purpose, the Colon-
ization Society is to take care of them for twelve
months after they are landed in that country.
But, again, Mr. Chairman, it is not expected
that the whole of this sum of money will be ab-
sorbed in the payment of expenses already in-
curred. For several sessions of Congress past
a small sum of money has been appropriated for
the purpose of enabling the President to carry out
the provisions of the act of 1819. I am advised .
that the appropriation for the current year is al-
ready exhausted, and it was deemed expedient
by the Committee of W ays and Means to recom-
mend to this House that*an additional sum
should beappropriated for the purpose of defray-
ing any expense which might arise during the en-
suing fiscal year.
The amount of money proposed to b6 appro-
priated in this bill, is $1,001,870. The estimates
amounted to $1,076,870,. . A reduction has been
made in several items,.which may be explained
as we reach them.
Mr. HICKMAN. I propose, at this time, to
make a few remarks upon the subject of the tariff,
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is it the object of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to make a speech
touching this bill?
Sir. HICKMAN. No, sir; but I prefer at this
time to say what I have to say.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but I de-
sire to know when this bill is to be voted upon ? I ~
desire that it shall be voted on when the House
is full. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania pro-
ceeds now and should occupy half an hour, it
will then be time to adjourn. I wish to know if
the chairman of the Committee of Ways arfti
Means intends to press this bill to a vote this
evening ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
like to know whether there has been a rule adopted
confining the debate to the bill under considera-
tion, or whether we can speak upon any subject?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that general debate is in order upon this bill. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to the
floor.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Chairman, when Con-
gress met, in December, 1857, tl).e commercial re-
vulsion of that year was upon the country in its
fullest power. The President, in his annual mes-
sage, described it thus:
"We find our manufactories suspended; our public
works letarded ; our privaie enterprises, of different kinds,
abandoned, and thousands of u&eful laborers tnrown out of
employment and leduced to want."
He spoke, also, of a great reduction of the na-
tional revenue, occasioned by a very great reduc-
tion of foreign imports, Pie expected the country
and the Government soon to recover from their
financial embarrassment; but, not so soon that a
balance in the Treasury, of nearly eighteen mil-
lion dollars, on the previous 1st of July, would
outlast the pressure, for he suggested that a loan
might be required by the Treasury before the
close of the session.
The Secretary of the Treasury had also been
made aware of the revulsion, but he spoke more
hopefully than the President. The pressure upon
the people he treated as temporary, also, and that
" the mode of providing for it should be of a tem-
porary character." Authority to issue Treasury
notes for an amcsunt not to exceed $20,000,000,
was asked, only to meet a possible, but still tem-
porary deficit in the Treasury. In his own lan-
guage:
" The fact that such temporary exigency may arise, from
circumstances bevotfd the foresight or control of this De-
pal tment. makes some adequate provision to meet it indis-
pensable to the public secuuty."
This possible recourse to Treasury notes was
a provision of caution, not of fear; for in the same
paper ho has ciphered out a balance in the Treas-
ury, at the end of the year then running, of neat
half a million, without recourse to loans or notes;
and the fiscal year following the year in which
we now are, he then expected to carry through
without other help than the ordinary sources of
income, with nearly two millions to spare.
The President, in the message referred to, dis-
cussed the causes of the revulsion, but he pro-
posed no remedy and no relief for the pressure
upon the community; he only recommended re-
lief for the Treasury, and with something more of
