mm
THE CONGRimGlMa. GlJ-OKIl.
March 1,
Postmaster General to discontinue the mail now carried
on«e a tumuli from Kansas, in Missouri, to Stockton, Cal-
lfonnn, at the expiration 1,1 Uie present quarter.
Mr GWIN. I move to amend, that amend-
ment, by substituting for it:
j|je service on the route from Kansas City to Stock-
ton. California, sfeitll cease on the efxfwratioa of tile present
oua'rter, except between Albuquerque, in New Mexico, and
Teion, in California; and the contractors shall carry the
malts on that portion of the route at a pro rata of the pros-
enl compensation.
As I said before, this is about one fourth of
the distance, and is the-only portion of the entire
route from Kansas City to Stockton that is left
without a mail.- . If this is continued at a pro rata
compensation, it will not cost, in my opinion,
more than twenty or twenty-five thousand dollars
a year.. It is a v«ry important section of the
country. It is one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred miles north of the El Paso route, and three
or four hundred miles south of the Salt Lake
route, and I hope this small service will not be cut
off- ,
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOLK. I wish to state to the Senate that
the reduction which Will be made, by the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from California, will
be about in the ratio of twenty or thirty to eighty.
The contract now is $80,000, and this will re-
duce it to twenty or thirty thousand dollars. It
only makes a link, which connects the Butterfield
route, after it reaches Tojon Pass, with Albuquer-
que, at which there are now two mail routes con-
centrated; the one from Independence, via Santa
F6, and the other from Neosho. The two routes
come together at Albuqueique; but there they
stop, so far as progress across the continent to
California is concerned, unless this additional link
be added to the chain; and it can be added to the
chain at an expense of some twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars, and will thus save the difference
between that sum and $80,000, which is the
amount now paid.
The question being taken by_ yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, t>&ys 26; as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Allen, Broderick, Drown, Doolittle,
Fitch, G>een,Gwin, Harlau, Houston, tverson, Polk, Rew-
ard, Shields, Simmons, Trumbull, Wilson,nnd Wnglit—1 /.
NAVS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigier, Chandler,
Chesmtt, Clay, Clmaiuan. Davis, Fesseudeo, Fitz|>atriek,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
ol Tennessee, Jones, King, Mallory, Mason, Peaicc, Bold,
Sebastian, Stuart, Toombs, and Wade—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurring on the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, it was
concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was to insert as
an additional section:
*Snd be it further enacted, That, from and after the 1 st day
of July, li 9,ni iteuoi'thc rates of postage now established
by law, there shall he charged the following rales, to wit:
—f ' . . ,  * _  ..u Ai,t  Irntrl
For every sinplr loiter, in manuscript, or paper of any kind
in winch information htuill bo uakt'd for or communicatcd
m writing, or by marks or sign#, convoyed in ilii mail lor
any distance between places in the United States not ex-
ceeding three thousand miles, five eenlrf, and lor any dis-
tance over three thousand mile?, ten cents; and for a double
letter titer© &lmU be charged double these rated, and lor a
treble letter, treble thexe rates ; and every letter or parcel
not exceeding hall' an ounce ui weight shall bo deemed a
single letter, and every additional weight ol half an ounce
or additional weight of less than half an ounce, cball be
charged with an additional single rate of postage. And tin re
shall be charged for letters conveyed in the mail, wholly or
in pan byseU,and to or Iroiu a foreign countiy, without
regard to dit-tancc, ten ccnts lor each half ounce in weight,
or additional weight of less than half an ounce, excepting,
however, all cases in which such postage had been or shaK
be adjusted at different rates by postal treaty or convention
already concluded or hereafter to be made. And every let-
ter oi packet brought into the United States, or carried from
one poit therein to another, in any private ship or vessel,
shall be chained with five cents, it delivered at the postoftice
where the &a «e ahull arrive ; and Ji destined to bo conveyed
thence by po>t to anv place, two cents shall be added to the
ordinary rates of postage. Ail drop letters, or letters placed
in any post office, not lor transmission, but tor delivery only,
shall be charged with postage at the rate of one cent each, ;
to be prepaid by postage stamps, and accounted for as othci ,
letter postages. And all letter? which shall horeatter be ad- j
vert lied as remaining over, or uncalled for, in any post offiec, j
shall be charged with one eent iri addition to the regular
postage, to be accounted for as postages now are
all letter-! paseing thro igli or in the mails of
States, exeeptingsueh as are to and from a loreiirii country
and letters and packages to and from any ex President ot
hereby established shall be prepaid by postage stamps, or
stamped envelopes, or m pioney, if the Postmaster General
shall so direct.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section.
Mr. HUNTER. Have we passed upon the
amendment which has just been read? ["Yes."]
Mr. HALE. I want to call attention to the
amendment which has just been read raising.the
rates of postage. It was certainly concurred in
without the attention of the Senate being called to
it. I did not vote at all; and I believe in such a
case, those who do not vote are deemed by their
silence to have acted with the majority. 1 desire
to record my vote on this question; and I move
a reconsideration of the vote by which that amend-
ment was concurred in, so that we may have fin
opportunity to record our votes against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Stuart.)
Does the Senator from Minnesota withdraw his
amendment?
Mr. SHIELDS. For that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to reconsider the vote concurring in the
amendment as to the rates of postage.
Mr. HALE. I suggest that the Senate allow
the vote to be reconsidered, and then take the
question by yeas and nays on the amendment.
It will take no time. ["Agreed."]
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. I have paired off on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Sei-
dell.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 29; as follows:
Messrs. Allen, Benjmiin, Drown, Che,nut, Clay, Cling-
man, Davi-i, Fitch, Pitzpniriclc, Greer, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, tverson. Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Tonnes
sen, Jones, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Pearce. Polk, Rent,
Sebastian, Toombs, Ward, and Yutee— 27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigier, Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Fesseriden, Fool, Foster, Hale,
Ilainlitl, Harlan, Ivine. Itice, Seward, Shields, Simmons,
Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer my amendment as an
additional section:
Jltul be it further enacted, That all entries which have
heretofoie been allowed by registers and receivers under
that portion of the third proviso of the first section ol the
act entitled " An aet making appropriations for tile service
or the Post Office Department durtug the fiscal year ending
the SOtii of June, 1856," in the following words: 1 hat each
contractor engaged or to he engaged in carrying mails through
any of the Territories west ol the Mississippi shall have the
privilege ofoecnpymg ptaliens, at tile rate of not more than
one for every twenty miles of the route on which lie car-
ries a mail, and shall have a preemption right therein, when
the same sluill be brought into market, to the extent of six
hundred ami forty aeres, to be taken contiguously, and to
include his improvement*, hut no such preemption right
shall extend to any pass in the mountains or other defile,"
be, and ihe same are hereby, confirmed, subject to any bona
fide claim, under any law of" the Dinted States, tn the whole
I or any portion of the lands embraced m said entries made
I prior to the date ofthe selection thereof, by the persons aloie-
i said : and the Commissioner of tile General Land Office is
hereby directed to issue patents l'or the lands embraced in
said entries.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
press such an amendment as that on this Post
Office appropriation bill, which we are trying to
get through, and in regard to which we have ex-
perienced so much difficulty. This amendment
is extending the preemption privileges to con-
tractors on all the post routes. It is a matter that
ought to be reserved for separate legislation and
consideration.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the Senator,
and to the Senate, that, this amendment asks for
no appropriation, and interferes with no right. It
is to confirm selections made by the contractors
on mail routes, and is, therefore, appropriate to
 .  this bill. It has the approval of the Department,
e. And upon l and the approval of the Committee on Public
•the United , Lm)ds> of whicil you> Mr. President, are chmr-
eountrj, , jt mere]y corrects an error that was made
the Din ted States, or any person or perries to whom the jl in these selections by the contractors on the post
fra kiujj privilege has been giante^l by name, and letters and jj routes, as recommended by the Department,
packages to and from the officers of the Post Office Depait- ii ju.. HUNTER. Wl>v should they have to
roent siuj of the Auditor's office of the Post Office Depart- ;; • , „i confirmed' If it is
taeut, earetaslvely on official business, the rates of postage •' come here to get tne selection conn
according to law, why is it not confirmed at the
Department?
Mr; SHIELDS. There has been some error
in the manner in which the selections were made,
and it requires this kind of legislation to correct
it. The Committee*on Public Lands examined
the subject and reported a bill, of which this
amendment is a copy.
Mr. YULEE. I will state in a word the ob-
jection I have to this proposition. It proposes to
confirm at once, by patent, parties in the occupa-
tion of lands for their stations, when their con-
tracts are not completed; and to-morrow, or the
day after receiving theirpatents, they might aban-
don the contracts, and receive the lands.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator, I
think, is wholly mistaken. I am sorry the pres-
ent occupant of the Chair i  not, in his seat to ex-
plain tins amendment. It only corrects somemis-
.takes in the selections.
Mr. RICE. The amendment offered by my
colleague is in the words of a bill which passed
the Senate some days ago. It merely corrects
some land entries that were made two or th reeyears
ago. The mails have been carried some four years;
the entries were made under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office; the land
was paid for; but the Secretary of the Interior
had doubts in regard to the construction of the
law, and recommended that Congress should pass
a bill of this kind; and the Committee on Public
Lands reported it, and ^he Senate passed it with-
out a dissenting vpice, and sent it to the House
of Representatives. Our Representatives from
Minnesota, and others interested, are fearful that
it will not be reached there; and my oolleague has
merely offered it nbw as an amendment to this
bill, to secure its passage.
Mr. YULEE. Does it not extend to the But-
terfield route ?
Mr. RICE. No; it only includes lands paid for
long ago,
Mr. YULEE. What routes?
Mr. RICE. Routes in the northwest, where
the money was paid for the land two years ago.
Mr. YULEE. Was the land surveyed,?
Mr. RICE. The land was surveyed and paid
for under regulations issued by the Land Office;
and a bill, in the exact tei ms of this amendment,
passed the Senate without a dissenting voice.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I will state, in addition
to what has just fallen from the honorable Sena-
tor from Minnesota, that the bill has not only
passed the Senate, but has gone to the House of
.Representatives, been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands of that House, and that com-
mittee are prepared to report unanimously in its
favor. Mr. Cobb, the chairman of that commit-
tee, who was within the bar of the Senate this
evening, informed me of the fact.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is out of order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps it is out of or-
der for me to speak on that point; but I under-
stand that there is no objection whatever to the
passage of that bill, if it can be reached there.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not this a private claim ?
I wish to raise the question of order, which is
preliminary to all debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair
thinks it is not a private claim within the mean-
ing of the rule.
Mr. COLLAMER. The fact that this propo-
sition passed the Senate without objection, does
not amount to much in my estimation. Many
things pass here that very few of us understand
anything about. I remember that some years
ago a bill was passed allowing contractors for
carrying the mails west of the Mississippi the
right to preempt some lands. It was not regarded
as of much consequence, because they could not
get the lands without paying for them the ordi-
nary price, $1 25 an acre, and it was supposed
they might as well have them as anybody else;
but they were not bound to pay for the land's un-
til they should be proclaimed for sale. These
lands have not been proclaimed for sale, and I do
not see how it is that they have been paid for.
The amendment proposed now does not intimate
that they have been paid for.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the honorable
Senator that there are none of our lands offeretl
for sale. They are all purchased in this way by
preemption and private entry. This stands pre-
cisely on the same footing as an ordinary pre-
