436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
forecast than the Secretary advised, that it should
take the permanent form of a Id&n.
The Secretary also discussed the causes, but
standing more stiffly upon the policy of interna-
tional trade, which was charged with responsi-
bility for the great catastrophe, he refused, for
reasons without number, to 'countenance any
measure of relief to the people. The Government
-being one of very limited powers for beneficcnt
uses, according to his construction of the Consti-
tution, and the pressure being of very limited du-
ration, the proper agency of the Government in
such a case, he seemed to think, was to lccture
the banks, corporations, and the people generally,
upon " undue expansions of credit, improvident
speculations, habits of extravagance, and fluctu-
ations of-prices, ""with an earnest exhortation to
more "prudent courses and steady habits," for
the time to come. And the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, a sort of second Lord
of the'Treasury—what he thought of the pressure
and the exigency, whether he regarded them as
temporary, or as " a peculiar frenzy," does not
appear, otherwise than that as he also declined to
bring before the House any measure of relief for
the one, or supply for the other.
Well, the session of Congress went through,
and the financial year rolled round. The Treas-
ury notes were issued. Within a fraction of
twenty millions of them were outstanding at its
close; and all their avails, and all the ordinary
sources of revenue for the year, and all of the
$17,750,000 in the Treasury at its beginning, ex-
cept $6,250,000, were exhausted. The exigency
had then lasted about nine months, and it had
outlasted all the revenue from ordinary sources,
amounting to $46,500,000 and $31,000,000 besides;
paying off, in the mean time, a little less than four
million dollars of the public debt. So that the
Government went behind, m account of receipts
and expenses forthe yeav, no loss than §37,000,000.
The Secretary, it seems, missed, in his 'calcula-
tion of the year's expenditures, nearly seven mil-
lion dollars, and of its income from oulinary
sources alone, $11,000,000; an error in calcula-
tion and prophecy working against the Treasury
a balance, at the close, of $17,750,000.
So much for the exigency of the, year; and so
much for the foresight of the Secretary. Twen-
ty-seven millions of balance against tlie ordinary
revenue of the year, and nearly eighteen millions
of mistake in the perspective account of its re-
ceipts and expenditures from ordinary sources
and for ordinary objects.*
How stood the other side of the revulsion—the
pressure upon the people of the country—-at the
end of the year 1857-58* The Secretary has fur-
nished some of the data for another purpose; but
they.seem as well, and better, to answer this in-
quiry. The price of pig iron at New York, he
says, went down from January, 1857, till Janu-
ary, 1858, nineteen per centum, the decline from
April till December, 1857, being twenty-six per
centum. The decline in bar iron from January,
1857, to January, 1858, he puts at thirteen pei
cent. But agricultural products, it appears by
his tables, suffered even mote, from July 1, 1857,
to July 1,1858. The great staple of the northern,
middle, and western States—wheat flour—fell
twenty-four per cent.; their hay twenty; and their
wool sixteen. The molasses, sugar, rice, and
tobacco of the South and Southwest, thirty-four,
twenty, thirteen, and twelve, respectively, and
hemp thirty-six. All tins he ascribes to the re-
vulsion, and rightfully. The force of these fig-
ures, and the range of the facts which they indi-
cate, need not be dwelt upon. The average of
such adecliue of prices in the arfftlcsenumeratcd,
jn a single year, is greatly m.ore than the ordinary
profits upon their production. The loss must
have cut deeply into the means of their producers
and left them heavily in tlebt, besides paralyzing
the productive ppwer of the time immediately
fallowing.
Tbo.effects upon the manufacturing industry of
eastern-Pennsylvania may be stated safely m gen-
eral-terms, to have been the suspension, dining
the summer of 1858, of one half of the iron works,
in number and productive capacity; a general
breakdown of the cotton manufacturers of Phila-
delphia at the time of the crisis, with a depression
in-every branch of industry, corresponding to its
special dependency upon 'the real causcs of the
rer^lsioa, and in all of them very great.
But I need not argue the extent or the weight
of the pressure of the year against merely imagin-
ary dissentients—and I am sure there are no real
ones who will deny the distress and suffering of
the time under consideration. Even the Secre-
tary, I think, does not really intend to undervalue
the revulsion by the columns of figures and argu-
ments which he arrays to prove its magnitude,
and to account for it m our own country, by show-
ing that it spread over England, and saying, with-
out showing, that it overspread all Europe as well.
All that he can mean by his array of data, items,
and logic, is to show that it was inevitable, be-
cause it was universal, and, therefore, could not
be the fault of the tariff of 1857, or of that of 1846,
either.
The truth is that the revulsion of 1857 did not
overspread tha-contment of Europe, or affect it fur-
ther than the continent was commercially involved
with Great Britain and the United States. France
and Germany lost some of their bills receivable,
and a large share of the custom which they had
from us in 1856 and the preceding years. Our im-
ports for the fiscal year 1858 fell off no less than
#78,000,000, affording the business of Europe that
much less of a market, and not only at reduced
prices, but with a change in the merchandise from
the most costly of their fabrics to the cheaper and
less profitable ones. The official returns of the
commerce of France show that since 1845 the bal-
ance of trade has been more than five hundred mil-
lion dollars' in her favor, and that the demand for
French goods had come from the United States
and Australia through the gold discoveries. The
British Board of Trade reports, moreover, show
that during the first half of the vear 1858 the de-
clared value of imports from France was more
than seven million pounds sterling; while the de-
clared value gf expoj^s to France Irom the United
Kingdom was not more than two million pounds,
and that the empire drew in six months from
Great Britain #23,000,000, in gold, received from
Australia and the United States.
In the lastsix years France hasexpended nearly
thirty millions sterling a year in the construction
of railroads; she had, also, the burden of the
Crimean war to sustain; she had one failure of
the silk crop, and two partial failures of her har-
vest; yet. ^he went lightly through the disastrous
year of 1857-38, suffering only what she must suf-
fer by the revulsion of England and the United
States.
Of Germany, generally, I cannot now speak
from equally certain data; but I am  lear that our
trade With her for her jewelry, cutlery, and cloth,
and the disturbed commercial relations of Eng-
land, will sufficiently account for all her troubles
in the turn* of which-I speak.
Look closely into this history, and I think you
will find that the shock of the commercial explo-
sion of 1857-58 spent its chief force where it had
its causes—in Great Britain and in her connneicial
dependencies, which she had well nigh exhaust-
ed. A cuiious problem this for political econo-
mists, that the two .gold-producing nations should
break for want of the metal, while those who
must receive it from them were only disturbed in
their prosperity to the extent of their commercial
involvements with them ! The one the only free-
trade nation of the Christian world, and the other
the nearest approach to it.
But i must leave the year whose fortunes and
misfortunes are beyond dispute; and, for the pres-
ent, I must also leave th* dispute about their
causes to consider the present year and its pros-
pects. We arc told both by {he President and
Secretaiy that a better day is coming; the Presi-
dent now, as a year ago, something less sanguine
than his minister of finance, thinks that " the ef-
fects of the revulsion are slowly, but surely pass-
ing away." The Secretary is confident that his
long-deferredhope is ripening; that there arc signs
li of certain and speedy return of proso^rous
times." He tells us that we have now "k laige
margin for an increase of importations when the
business and necessities of the country shall de-
mand it." His estimates for the remaining quar-
ters of the current year, and for the year 1860,
" are based," he says, " upon the opinion that a
reaction in the trade and business of the country
has commenced." But this may be a fancy; an
over-fond hope of the Secretary, springing from
that " regret " which he expresses," that a pub-
lic necessity requires a revision of the tariff of
1857," a necessity of the Treasury to which he
is manifestly reluctant to conform its policy; pre-
ferring now, as he did a year ago, Treasury notes
to import duties.
He tells us that " there seems to be a concur-
rence in the public mind upon the subject." This
is an illusion. The suspended banks have re-
sumed specic payments, and some of the sus-
pended factories have partially resumed opera-
tions. The survivors of the merchant class are
at their counters; and the farmers are carrying
their produce of the year to. market. But what,
and how much are they all doing? The banks of
New Orleans, 'in the last week of November, had
a circulation of $7,000,000 on a specie basi&B?
$14,000,000. Those of the city of New Yore,
$7,500,000 of circulation upon $27,000,000 of spe-
cie. The banks of Philadelphia less than $3,000,000
upon a specic basis of $6,500,000; and Boston
$7,000,000 of circulation to $9,500,000 of specie.
For six years before the crisis, the circulation of
the banks of New York tfas, to their specie, as
nineteen to seven; those of Massachusetts as six
to one; and those of Pennsylvania more than
three to one. This, sir, is indeed a resumption
of specie payments, but it is not a resumption of
business. It is circulation subsiding upon its
solvency.
By the Secretary's own showing, the revival
of the farmers' business is at the expense of
about one fourth of the price of his commodities,
which carries with it an equally large decrease in
the demand of the market. The merchants must
be doing less business, and less profitably*on a di-
minished importation, amounting to $78,000,000,
and a general stagnation m home industry and in
the movements of money. As to the manufactur-
ers, who are again at work, the explanation is not
in the leastan assurance of the Secretary's hopes.
They suspended in 1857; importation fell off; a
large share of the exports went to pay off foreign
debts due, and overdue; and the sheer necessities
of the home demand have given them such a re-
vival or remission of their lethargy, as a fever
patient has in the morning after a very bad night.
It seems nothing promising to the country, and,
least of all, to the Treasury.
But the Secretary gives us figures for his ex-
pectations; but such figures as indicate the des-
peration of his necessities. He has chosen the
customs at New York for the months of October
a^d November, 1857—the first and second months
after the suspension of the Philadelphia banks,
and during which all the banks in the Union sus-
pended—for the basis of a comparison favorable
to the corresponding months of the year 1858;
the two lowest months of the lowest quarterof the
year that put the Treasury $27,000,000 out of
pocket. On such a point of fact rests the expect-
ation that the customs for the second, third, and
fourth quarters of the cuirent year will yield the
Treaauiy $37,000,000.
Now, sir, the Secretary, on the 8th of Decem-
ber, 1857, expected $33,000,000 from thacustoms
for the corresponding three quarters of last year*
They yielded but $23,250,000. Give him two
or three millions of margin to cover the defi-
ciencies of the two months of 3857, which he uses
now to hoist his hopes for the rest of this year,
and he will get from imports, #26,000,000; from
the public lands and miscellaneous sources, ac-
cording to his own estimate, §1,500,000; which,
added to the known results of the first quarter,
ending September 30, 1858, will give a little less
than forty-two and a half millions for the revenue
of this year (1R59) from ordinary sources. The
Secretary's estimate looks for near fifty-three and
a half millions. His over-calculation of the rev-
enue expected for the year 1858, amounted to
$11,117,285 exactly. There is nothing in the facta
of our present condition to warrant the hope that
he has not overgone the receipts of the present
year to the same extent.
In December, 1857, he told us that $20,000,000
of Treasury notes would certainly put him through
the year; but, m the June following, he asked a
loan of $20,000,000 more. In December, 1658,
he asks for authority to reissue the ^20,000,000
of Treasury notes; and, as before, he is opposed
to the policy of making a loan, or, as he says,
"adding this amount to the permanent debt by
funding the notes." But how this year, any more
than in the last, will he work through without
more debt? Contemplating tke use of that half
