1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of the $20,000,000 loan, authorized last June,
which has not yet been negotiated, the use of the
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes, which lie must
redeem before he can issue them again, he ex-
pects a balance in the Treasury,on Jftly 1, 1859,
of §7,063,203. From this estimated balance,
however, it seonu that a deficit in the Post Office
Department, which will be required in the pres-
ent fiscal year, though in the statement it is added
to that of 1860, amounting to $3,828,728, must be
deducted, leaving the estimated balance in the
Treasury, on July 1, 1859, at $3,234,570. But
if the revenue from ordinary sources shall fall
§11,000,000 below the calculations of the Depart-
ment, it will be bankrupt to the amount of
#8,000,000 at the end of the year, with the loan
of June, 185S, all exhausted, and the $20,000,000
of Treasury notes all reissued and outstanding.
The Secretary will repeat himself upon us*, he
will be down upon us with an unexpected exi-
gency, temporary but trying, for more money
before the session is over. The addition of one
per centum to the schedules C, D, F, G, and.H,
of the present tariff, recommended merely to re-
cover the convenience of decimal divisions and to
add $1,800,000 to the revenue, will not come in
time, and would not mend the matter much if it
should.
Uut I must leave the'Treasury to its guardian
angels, who will, doubtless, find the "'ays and
means of providing for its wants, and give the rest
of my hour to pressing concerns of the people;
leave what the minister of finance calls the " pub-
lic necessity," for the necessities of tj;ic public.
The condition of the industrial interests of the
country can not be better described m general terms
than it was done by the President in his annual
message of December, 1857, and repeate'd in that
of 1858. His words arc:
" In the nmht of m1Mirpns5.nl plenty m all tho produc-
tions of ajjncuiiuro. ami in ail tiie elements of national
wealth, we find our manuiactuies suspended, our public
works letarded. aui private cruerpnseH.01' different lundh
abandoned, nnd thousands of useful laborer thrown out
ofemploymeut and reduced to want."
A year has gone round since this portrait ofthe
country was painted ;and while the lines and colors
have settled and softened, they remain as deep and
as dismal as at the first; and we are now obliged to
add some other features which must be put upon
the canvas to make the picture a faithful and com-
Elete likeness foi to-day. The national Treasury
as gurie, virtually ,$>40,000,000 in dr bi;thecoun-
try has discovered that it owes ^500,000^000
abroad; that during one year of this levulsion
$42,000,000 of her products have been sunk in the
payment of the interest on that foreign debt, and
such balances as stood due against her m her in-
ternational trade;t'nat, 111 the seven years preced-
ing the crash, she had been exporting an average
of §>38,000,000 of her spreie per annum, to pay
the balance of her exchanges of commodities and
interest upon permanent debts; that while a sur-
plus of expotts over imports^ m the year 1847,
amounting to only $12,000,000 at ad valorem val-
uations, brought her ^"22,000,000 of specie as a
balance of the exchange, a surplus of exports
over imports, in 1855, under the like valuations,
reaching to $42,00;),000, cost her the loss of
$33,000,000 of her gold; and that the protection
of the tariffm operation stands at an average of
twenty and a haif per cent.; within a half per cent,
of that of the year 1842, with d.11 the distresses of
that year repeated,and even less hope of remedy.
In that year of level twenty per cent, import du-
ties, they yielded $18,000,000 of revenue against
§33,000,000 of expenditure; and the loan and
Treasury nfttes amounted to ^15,000,000 nearly.
The rehearsal of the experiences of that year
is a copy m large of the pattern. We have
$42,000,000 from <ustoms, which ought to be re-
duced to ^37,000,000, at least, for the additions
received from the wan-housed goods and import-
ations held back tu profit by the reduced duties
of 1857, <i ainst aii expenditure of §81,000,000,
and a Treasuiy-note issue of ^20,000,000 on the
top of a surplus in theTreasury. expended with-
in the year, of above $11,000,000.
Then, as now, an ad valorem tariff of twenty
per cent., born of similar notions, and brought
about by a similar clamor, was found to be not
only destructive to the industrial interests 01 the
country, but so ruinous t0 *L'!0 revenue, that, as
the Secretary suys of the pies.cnt exigency, "the
imposition of additional duties was the only rem-
edy." It might have bee$i said then, that the
compromise act of 1833 could not have had any
agency in producing the result. And the Secre-
tary, if he had been in office then, might have
demonstrated his assertion by the nation's pros-
perity in 1835-36 under that act; and he might
have found the whole mischief in the banking
system, its inflated prices, currency, and credits.
I leave him to worry this idea through whole
pages of his report, content with his substantial
admission that " the imposition of additional du-
ties is the only remedy" for the^derangement of
our finances. Theft granted, the addition must,
of course, be made adequate. Beyond the re-
quirements of the Government, there is no con-
stitutional authority, and no prudential warranty
to go, m the levying of taxes or duties upon the
people, or upon any of the subjects of revenue.
Tho onuses, whatever they were, which have
embarrassed the Treasury, are the same which
have overwhelmed the country. But it must not
be forgotten that, in the order of dependency, the
revulsion falls first upon the people, and next, as
a consequence of their inability to purchase and
consume foreign imports, the revenue runs down
to the point of bankruptcy. The President per-
ceives the order of succession in those disorders,
and states it clearly. He says:
" Tho «.ame causes which have produced pecuniary dis-
tress throughout tho countiy, have so reduced the amount
of imports from toreign countries that the revenue has
proved inadequate to meet tiie neocsiary expenses of the
Government."
This sentence has something in i-t; something
of common sense, something of statesmanship in
it; and just here, therefore, and for this reason,
he and his Secretary part company 111 their rec-
ommendations to Congress. Each of these high
officers, with u degree of comity not usually ob-
served between belligerents, seems willing, 111 his
State paper, to allow the Administration to re-
mam as a house divided ogaimst itself. It is fortu-
nate that neither of the peers makes his opinions
on this subject a test of political orthodoxy, or the
other mifi.lit find himself among the proscribed.
The Secretary lays down certain theoretic
principles on which a tariff act should be framed,"
to provide " the only remedy;" which, so Air
from recognizing the dependency of the revenue
upon tiie industrial prosperity of the country,
brings him to n gret the necessity of looking to it,
and to complain, too, that wc lmvenevui yet had
such a tariff as his principles require.
Sir, we have had, since 1789, sixteen general
tariffs; and as the compromise not divided itself
into six more, we have had, m effect, about tweniy-
two in seventy years. None of these, it seems,
not even the last modification of the compromise,
which lasted but two months, answer the " the-
oretic principles" of the SecieUiry. Their mistake
was, thAt they all had something of protection 111
them. They all felt ami addressed themselves to
the necessity of keeping the people able to pay
monej' into tiie Treasuiy; and herein, it seems,
they wore at fault The author of the " theoretic
principles" is aware that " the early legislation of
the country contemplated other objects," other
than he aims at, " such as fostering our then in- 1
fant manufactures," and that " Congiess has
never since abandoned the idea of protection."
But he would have, if the public necessities would
only allow it, " a tariff strictly for revenue/5
Unfortunately for the principles of the Secre-
tary, but fortunately for the interests of the coun-
try < the,re never can he, m a nation of mixed 1-
cuituial and manufacturing capabilities and pur-
suits stru^hng for a better development, as we
are, such a thins as a tarnf stnetiy for revenue,
which is not still more strictly for protection. A
shernf's execution can be levied upon the prop-
erty of the defendant without regard to in i income,
for his bankruptcy is not inconsistent wi:h its
object; but the finances of a nation depend upon
the prosperity of its subjects, and a financier must
not hope,to reap where he has not sown. Protec-
tion lies at the bottom of revenue. Customs de-
pend upon imports; importation upon home indus-
try, homo productiveness, home prosperity, the
ability to buy. The foundation must be well hud,
or the structure will tumble. The President and
tiie iest of the world, that knows anything, know
this, both theoretically and by tiie conclu-
sive experience. The theoretic pilticiples" of
the Secretary alone are ignorant of Ks Until.
This difference of doctrine accounts for all the
differences that there is between the policy sug-
gested by the President amf that ofHus miniate.
The President would increase the present fate of
duties, for several purposes, all of them excellent
and necessary. He would do it to meet our
annual expenditures; to avoid an increase of ou'r
national debt; to preserve our national credit; to
'afford incidental protection to our manufacturing
interests, and to give a fresh impulse to our reviv-
ing business. Of these aims, the last rhe tionctt
is the one which, if secured, will bring the r6st
to the happiest issue. It is the source and the
primary condition to all the others; for, as it is
well said in the message:
*• Capital has.agam accumulated in our large cities. The
rate of mferefet there is very low; and to soon as it is dis-
covered that tins capital can be profitably employed in com-
mercial and manufacturing enterprises, and in the construc-
tion of railroads and other works, of public and private
improvements, prosperity will again smile throughout the
land."
There spoke the statesman ofa better day. And
were there nothing else left of him, these boldly
frank and honestly maintained principles nriight
justify the confidence we gave to him in so large
a measure 1111S56. And if these are to be the last
words of commendation 1 shall ever find cause to
utter, I will not withhold them. Let the Chief
Magistrate only stand by the pledges he keeps,
as persistently, through good report and evil re-
port, as he has warred against those which he has
broken, and the nation will keep<the credit ac-
count of his Administration as fairly and as dis-
tinctly as it has posted up its charges against
him.
But a principle of business, a law of public
affairs, must bo fitted with a policy to give it oper-
ative efficiency. Here, again, the President is
safe for practice, as he is sound in sentiment. In
assessing and collecting the duties, he recom-
mends the substitution of specific, for the present
ad valorem duties, wherever they can be prop-
erly applied. He gyves his reasons. They are:
first, because specific duties are " the best, if not
tho only means of securing the revenue against
false and fraudulentinvoices/'ndding, that'4 such
has been the practice adopted for this purpose by
other commercial nations." Second, " specific
duties would afford the American manufacturer
the incidental advantages to which he is fairly
entitled under a revenue tariff/' This reason for
their preference, he follows with an effective and
well-put blow at ad valor ems:
u The present sv>tcm a «ljding-Fcale t0 the manufac
turn's disadvantage. Under ir. when prices are higt! and
business prospeums, the duties n«e in amount when he
lea^t icqmres then aid. On the contiatv, when prices fall,
and ho is t-tru^iina; against advei&ity, the dunes an-dimin-
ished in the fame piopomon, greatly to his injury/'
Heartily indorsing these views, allow me to
add certain other reasons for adopting specific
duties wherever they can be applied; reasons
which concern the revenue, as well as the indus-
trial interests of the people.
First, for the revenue. They simplify its col-
lection. Duties assessed upon the poured, the
yard, the number, are alike simple and certain to
the officers of the customs. It becomes a question
of the simplest arithmetic, in place of one of.the
most complex and difficult assessment. They are
better for revenue. A committee of the House of
Commons, appointed in 1852, to inauire into the
constitution ond management of the board of cus-
toms, reported that" conclusive evidence lias been
furnished, both by merchants and officers of cus-
toms, to your committee, that ad valorem duties,
however good in theory, operate badly in prac-
tice. The gross amount of them, in 1850, was
only <£188,833, while during the same period the
number of seizures was four hundred and twenty-
one.'5 And in this connectionthecommittee speak
of " the great difficulty of assessing duties varying**
on different classes of the same article, becnu.-'e
the natural desire of the importer is to introduce
articles of the very highestquality under the lowest
rate of duty."
The extent to which Great Brifhin has cauicd
the system of specific duties, as against that of ad
valorems, in their testimony to their superiority for
the purposes of revenue, stric'ly regarded. The
gross amount of the customs of the United King-
dom for the year 1851, was 194,142. The
share of the ad valorenis was <£188,833 only; while
more than twenty-two million pounds were col-
lected under specific duties. The tariff* of Great
Britain is not what the Secretary would call pro-
