1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
Mr. LANE. Very well.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Time is precious.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Bigler, Broderick, Clmeman. Doo-
lutle, Fifch, Green, Gwm, Hale, Hatlah. Houston, Jones,
Lane, Mallnrv, Polk. Rice, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull,
Ward, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Campion, Chandler. Ches-
nut, Chirk, Col'amer, Fessemlen, Foot, Foster, Hamlin,
Ilunter, fverson, Johnson of Arkansas, King, Mason,
Pearce, Reid, and Sebastian—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment made, as in Committee
of the Whole, was, in section one, line fourteen,
at the end of the section, to insert:
Provided. That, fiom and at'rer the 30th of June, 18->9,
not more than SI.600 per annum shall be allowed to any
clerk, employed m t! e post office in California, as compen-
sation for hi-s services.
i
So that the clause will read: j
For clerks in the office of postmasters, $050,000: Pro- ;
vvled. That irom and aftei the 30th of June, iSw9, nor more :
than $-1,000 pei annum --hall be allowed to anv clerk in the ;
post office m California a-. eonipejwitioii lor hi<? peivices.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will stare, Mr. Piesi-
dent, that their salaries range from $3,600 to 1
$1,750; and I find they are more than any other 1
clerks receive in the United States. I hope the J
Senate will see the necessity of passing the amend- !
menf. i
The amendment was concurred in. i
The next amendment made as m Committee ]
of the Whole was to insert as a new section: >
*1nd he it further enact cd, That no one of the new over- :
land mail loitte* shall be put in opeiaiion, utiles it can be,
done \\ uhotit mciea-niir the annual expend nine heietoioie !
made lot communication between the Atlantic and Pacific
ooa*t<j, and lot thai puipo-^o the Po^tma^tei (Jeneialjs au- '
thonzed to discontinue postal service on any mute iTereto- ,
fore f-t<ibh>b«'d. \
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say one woid on 1
that amendment, as I offered it. I had almost for-
gotten u; hut 1 sent for ita while ago. Accoiding
to the Mnt.-uieu! of the Senator from California,
we pay <*9,500,000 now for the mails to California
or to tho Pacific, coast. Oregon may embrace a
part of that expenditure; but not much. That is
about onesevenih of nil the npprnpi unions in this
bill. 1 bell eve the nppropn.uion.s m the present
bill amount to $16,000,000, and therefore one sev-
enth go.'s foi the sei viee of the Paeifn. const.
Now, upon the supposition thai there aie five
bundled thousand people ihne—and 1 doubt if
there <ire, in i.ief, so many —t hey would have one
six tie tli pat t of (he population. With one .sixtieth
part of the population of the Union, theiefore,
th« y ha\e one seventh of the mail ^erxiee. Of
course, if h to In- expected that it will take more
money to supply people with mails who live
seattei ingiv; hut is it not putting it on a little too
thick, to ^ive more than one seventh? It takes
nine times as much pei head to supply them with
mails, as the balance of the Union 1 am willing
to let it stand as it is now; but it seems to me",
we ou ht not to go further; and I have, therefore,
oflt ivd tints piopooition, leaving it to Senators to
adopt it or not, as they think pioper.
Mr. GWiiV Tins w nil the service to the Pa-
cific coast; ,035,000 is appropriated for ocean
sen ice by this bill.
Air. CLING.MAN. That is true; but suppose
we abolish some of these lines; nobody will pre-
tend that we ought, /n fact, to have two or three
lines going through the ocean and foreign coun-
tries. It is said by gentlemen, by way ofd'-fen^e,
that this will bo a monopoly if you have only one
line. There is but on., line between thus and'New
Yoik, and yet the country dors not stiller fiom
a monopoly. There is but one line between Phila-
delphia and New York, with nearly two million
ot people at the two ends; and, therefore, if one
is caught 
Air. POLK. If the Senator from Noith Caro-
lina will allow me, did I understand him to say
that there wete only fne hundteti thousand pop-
ulation on the Pacific coast, west of the K<>cky
Mountains ?
Mr. CLINGM AN. "Well, v/e suppose Oie-
gon to have ninety thousand. 1 doubt if Califor-
nia has more than four hundred thousand. 1 do '
not lnu.w what the facts are.
Mr. POLK. I here aie more than five hundred
thousand in California.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I will not discuss the
question further. 1 only mean to say if any one
of these isthmus routes is given up, we can es-
tablish all the others.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for a division on the
amendment.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I hope we shall have the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut, Clay. Cling-
man, Collatner, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter. Ivep-on, Johnson of Arkan^asi Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, King, Maliorv, Mason, Pearce, Reid,
Sebastian, Simmons, Ward, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Mes-sr-*. Allen. Biodenck, Chandlei,Clark, Doo-
little, Fe.-senden, Foot, Foster, Green. Gwm, {Iailan, Lane,
Polk, Rice, Sewaid, Stuart, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—
19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish to state that the
effect of that amendment is to deprive California
of any mail overland.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, the object of which is to disclose what
amount of money postmasters receive. It is in
line twelve, after the word " dollais" to insert:
l Ptovided, That it shall he the duty of the PosttnasierGen-
I era! to requite })o-tui.i>-tuis io make quarteilv returns of all
1 money-" by them collected in connection with the discharge
j of then official duties, whether the srnno he derived from
i postages, emolument^, letter earner' fees, or any other
j source whaifoovi t; and all monevn thus ai counted lor shall
• he deemed and held as a portion of the revenue* of tho
j Post Office Department; and all allowance-? madu to post-
I masters, undei the provisions ot law, whether m the shape of
1 ciiiimn-sioiis., peiqui-ite<, emolument-, letter can ieiV lee-*,
oi anj other souice whatsoever, shall he ^counted 1bi as
pan ot the expenditures of the Post OU'iee Department.
My only object in offering this amendment is,
that it may appear what amount is received by
| the postmasters. 1 think there can be accounts
, that can be given by which it will appear how
| huge their emoluments are. I observe, m the
; leading of the amendment, that the word " box-
rents" is left out. 1 wish to modify the amend-
: nieut so as to insert the word " box-rents" after
the word %i fees."
j Mr. HUNTER, If the only object of the Sen-
j ator from Illinois is to ascertain what they receive,
and make them repot t on it, that is very well. If
: he will add something to it, by which it shall not
decrease the allowances already made, I will agree
to it.
' Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is to see what
the postmasteis { want it to appear.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will accomplish
his object by uddmg that proviso. I am a little
afraid that, if flic Post Office revenues are required
to be paid into the Treasury, and the money is
put into the Treasury, it will have to be drawn 1
out by law. 1 will vote for the amendment, with '
chat addition. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendmentdoes not
provide that flic levenues shall be paid into tiie ,
Treasury; only that they shall render an account
of the amounts received by them. !
Mr. HUNTER. It is so held and deemed as ;
part of the Post Office revenue; and if, by standing j
law, paid into the Tieasury of the United States, ,
by the Constitution they cannot be drawn out, '
except by law. If the Senator will just add some- j
thins; like this: "Ptovided, that nothing herein i
contained shall be so construed as to diminish the ,
allowances now made," it will accomplish his !
object, and not make any radical change. I
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am afraid that will nul- j
lily the whole. It will be regarded as not inter- j
fering at all with the present regulations. I think !
that the amendment as it is would be better; but j
if it is thought otherwise, I will accept the mod- !
ification. 1 do not want to take up the time of;
the Senate. I would rather have the proposition :
as it is, however.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will consent!
to that, 1 will otter the amendment. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuap.t!
in the chair.) The Senator consents to the mod- I
ification; and the question is on the amendment j
us modified. 1
The amendment was agreed to. i
The amendments were otdeied tube engrossed, |
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read ■
the third time; and on the question, "Shall the ;
bill pass?" :
Mr. HAMLIN ealled for the yeas and nays, :
and they were ordered; and bejngtaken, resulted
—yeas 29, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Uioderick, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clmgman, Davis, Fitch, Fitznatnck, Gieen,
Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Iveibon. Jones Lane. Mallory,
Mason, Pearce, Polk, Reid, Rice. Sebastian, Stuart,
Toombs, Ward, Wright,and Yulee—29.
NAYS—-Messrs. Biuler, Cameion, Chandler. Clark,Col-
lamer, Doohttle, Douglas, Fessemlen, Foot. Foster, hale,
Hamlin. Hailan, Johnson ot Arkansas.Johnson ofTennes-
see, King, Pugh, Sewaid, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, ami
Wilson—22.
So (at ten o 'clock, p. m.) the bill was passed.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish to give notice that
I intend to move a reconsideration of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entered.
Mr. BRODERICK. I want the motion entered
so that the bill shall not be sent over to the other
House.
Mr. HUNTER. If it suits the Senator, sup-
post? we try that question now.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection. I
wish to inform Senators from the Pacific coast,
that this amendment offered by the Senator from
North Carolina cuts the Pacific coast off from all
mail service. I so understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to reconsider the vote by
which the bill making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1860, was passed. Will the
Senate reconsider the bill?
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Several Senators. That carries the bill with it.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GWIN. If there was any doubt that that
amendment would produce that effect, I would
certainly vote for a reconsideration; but I have
not so read it. I shall, however, vote for the
motion.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question of order. I
ask the Senator who made the motion to recon-
sider, whether he voted for the bill ?
Mr. ^RODERICK. Yes, sir; I voted for the
bill. j\iy name is recorded in the affirmative. I
am satisfied that this bill, as it now stands, de-
prives the Pacific coast of mail service.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 2b; as follows:
YEAS—Me>srs>. Broderick, Cameion, Chandler, Clark,
Cnllamei, Cuttendcn, Doolitth-, F<\v«enden, Foot, Foster,
Gwm, Hale, Harlan. Johnson of Tenne^ee. Kins, Lone,
Piiyli, Sewaid, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
00
NAYS—MesM*-.. Allen, Rnyard. Benjamin, Btown, Chas-
nut, CJaj, Clnurman, Pavi-, Fitch. Fitzpatnck, Green,
Hammond, Houston, Hunter. Iveinon. Johnson of Arkan-
Jones, Malloiy, M.t^on, Pe.tree, Polk. Iteid, Rice, Se-
bastian, Stuart, Toombs Waid, and Yulee—2d.
So the Senate refused to reconsidcr the vote
passing the bill.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The hill (H. R. No. 889) to provide for the care
and preservation of the works constructed by the
United States for bringing the Potomac water into
the cities of Washington and Georgetown; for the
supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses; and for the uses and benefit of the inhabit-
ants of the said cities, wap lead twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Distnct of
Columbia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury on the table.
1 ask the unanimous con&entof the Senate to have
it taken up and referred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 object.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTEH, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 712) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, ItiGO.
Mr. IIUNTER. The Committee on Finance
rcpoited no amendments to the bill.
Mr. PUGM. I move to dispense with the read-
ing of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is unanimous
