438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
tective; it has not that radical use in its constitu-
tion, yet, it levies ^117 of specific duties to one
of ad valorem. Great Britain has need of reve-
nues, and takes the best way of securing tJhem; a
like necessity seems to be fast coming upon our
own Government; and I commend her example to
our free traders, who look to the Treasury only
to find their duty to the country and their duties
from yriports. ^gain, the chief uncertainty in the
estimates of revenue arises from the fluctuation of
the prices.of imports. Our customs have varied
in a single year, from thirty-nine to forty-nine
millions, from sixty-four to fifty-three million^,
and from forty-seven to fifty-eight millions, under
the^same tariff, when there was no revulsion at
work; because iron has fallen within the year,
from ^8 10s. to ^4 15s.; at the higher price yield-
ing $12 83 duty per ton, and at the lower but
#7 25.
The quantity imported is a much less unstable
subject for calculation than the price; and a fiscal
officer ought to look to the differcncc between
specific duties, which can be affected only by
quantity of imports, and ad valorems, which are
subject to incalculable variations by both these
chances. *
Enormous deficits, and equally enormous sur-
pluses, in the Treasury, are the reproach, as well
as the mischief, of our system. Specific duties
ar£ a specific remedy for these evils. The Secre-
tary has not ventured directly, or, to send home
one of his own phrases, "in a bold and manly
way," to attack this recommendation of the Pres-
ident, for which he may have had two reasons:
one a point of decorum; the other an apprehension
of defeat. I will not say which decided him, but
I may say that he has the advantage of both the
decency and the dodge.
Under cover of an assault upon home valua-
tions, which specific duties would dispense with,
he labors to disprove the alleged frauds, false in-
voices and under-vnluations,* charged by his su-
perior against ad valorems. He says that the proof
of undervaluations is made to rest upon such
facts as the excess of the valuation of our exports
over that of our imports in the last three years.
Now, as far as I am informed, nobody ever looked
there for the proof, except the man who wished
to refute the allegation. The proof rests upon
such evidence as would establish it in a court of
justice; upon such facts, for instance, as that
?uoted from the report of the committee of the
louse of Commons, that there were four hun-
dred and twenty-one seizures for under-valuation
in a quantity of imports which paid but *£188,833
ciiatoms'for the year 1852—one seizure to every
«s£450 of revenue; and it rests pretty safely, be-
sides, upon that " natural desire of importers to
introduce articles of the highest quality under the
lowest rate of duty," which has made custom-
house oaths a by word ever since ad vulorcm have
been in vogue.
The Secretary had a better reason at tin* end of
his pen for the difference between our exports and
imports during the Inst three years when lie stated,
along with other things of no moment, that " the
payment by our citizens of their debts 111 Europe,
which for two years past has been largely done,
affected the comparative amounts of exports and
imports." He tells us that the imports of ten
years, under the tariff of 1846, greatly exceeded
the exports,as if that disproved under-valuation;
not adverting to the fact that, during those ten
years, we were piling up those debts, of which the
surplus exports of the last two or three years were
paying the interest; and that, as we borrowed
goods and merchandise instead of money, the ex-
cess in valuation is accounted for without, in the
, least degree, helping him in his argument. On
the contrary, if he will set off those cxcess im-
ports agamst that debt, he will find'that the charge
of under-valuation is abundantly sustained.
He quotes the four years of the tariff of 1842—
atarifflargely.rmxed with specific duties—to show
that an excess of exports may occur where there
ijs less chance for under-valuations.' My answer
is, that an excess of exports may occur under any
tariff, when the country is either paying its for-
eign debts, or doing a thriving business, with the
balance of trade in its favor. He does not meet ;
either of these possible and, under the circum- I
stances, very probable causes; for the one may
have operated at the beginning of the term, and
the other at the close.
The Secretary has ^nat vindicated the ad valo-
rems successfully against the charge of fraud; nor
has he done that other thing at which he indirectly
aimed; he has not floored the President on the
charge, nor struck specific duties through the
home valuations, set up as their proxy for the
nonce. And he has not argued either well or
successfully for the interests of the Treasury, or
for a tariff strictly and most availably for revenue,
either.
It is all right, sir, I suppose, that the revenue
shall not escape*the frauds an£ losses of a system
which inflicts them in still greater measure upon
the country.
Let us look for a moment at some of the mis-
chief to the industry and welfare of the people
under ad valorems, which the President has not
adverted to.
Besides the injury to the manufacturers, which
their sliding-scale operation produces, giving
him protection when he does not want it, and
withholding it when he does want it, the system
tends to his prejudice, by favoring the introduc-
tion of inferior qualities of goods, which specific
duties would prevent. For when the same rate
per pound, per yard, or per dozen,, falls upon a
class of articles, the best of the kind bear it best,
and most lightly, to the importers; because it is
a less proportion of their market value.
Let me give a fairly illustrative instance: rail-
road engineers put the wear and tear of foreign
iron at ten per cent, per annum, and among their
expenses they calculate and set apart this amount
for renewals; but an authenticated statement in my
possession shows that the rails manufactured in
eastern Pennsylvania, and used in the construction
of the Pennsylvania Central road, have worn only
one per cent, per annum, in a period of six years.
The manufacturer is injured, almost thrown out
of a market glutted with merchandise of inferior
quality, thus favored by low cost and ratably
low duties; and the purchaser, tempted by low
prices, suffers more than he knows, and long be-
fore he has the means of knowing it.
This law of trade, resulting in a policy of de-
pravity and ruin, rules throughout the subjects of
ad valorem duties, and it must do so from the na-
ture of things.
I plead for specific duties as I would plead for hon-
est dealing and good merchandise, in behalf of the
consumer. And for the manufacturers of the coun-
try, I make bold here to say that, if you will but
protect our market from the trash thrown upon
it; if you will compel the foreigner to send his
best materials and best work to our shores, any
tariff, however low, which will mcpt the necessi-
ties of the Treasury, will content them. If Eng-
land will send her best iron and her best cutlery
to us, Pennsylvania will drive them from the
continent.
Of our textile fabrics I am not prepared to-day
to sneak from equally well authenticated data;
but 1 duie to speak foi tliern as confidently, and I
would not speak less earnestly.
in all things that may make a nation industri-
ally independent of foreign labor, our own coun-
try is richly endowed, and is ready, with willing
hands and stout hearts, to achieve it, as our fathers
achieved our political independence, if we will
but afford hcra reasonable opportunity to do so.
One of these days you may have your com-
merce swept from the seas. Then you will have
your blankets and broadcloths at war prices, as
in 1812. The silks and laces and toys we can
spare. The cottons and iron we will soon pro-
duce under such an embargo as a maratime war
would give them; but the woolens, both in mate-
rial and in fabrics, were long a°:o extinguished by
a wrctched mistake of the tariff of 184G with re-
spect to them; and it is full time now to begin to
build them up.
Of the " theoretic principles" which the Sec-
retary submits as the true basis for constructing
a new revenue tariff, and for revising an old one,
I have not the time now to speak as they deserve
to be spoken cf; it is enough to say of them that
their rage for the destruction of our manufactures
is not greater than their mischievous malignity
toward our agriculture. They, propose to tax, in
preference to others, such articles as are not pro-
duced in this country; and among articles pro-
duced here, those in which the home product
bears the least proportion to the quantity imported
are held to be " the fittest for taxation."
Under these rules, tea, coffee, and guano, must
be taken out of the free list, and saddled\vith a
heavy burden of duty; sugar, now protected by
a twenty-four per cent, duty, and rice, which
stands at fifteen, must be cut down to something
like port charges; and beef, potatoes, wheat,
wheat flour, butter, pork, lard, unmanufactured
hemp, and unmanufactured tobacco, now stand-
ing in our tariff at the highest rates, must be sur-
rendered to their fate, without defense, because
they are the largest interest of our farmers^ and
most nearly adequate, under the existing protec-
tion, to supply our domestic market.
The coarse wool of South America, not grown
in our climate, would also be taxed, like the guano,
at the highest rates; while the finer wool, which
we do raise, would be proportionally sacrificed.
The same principle puts the dye stuffs used in
manufacturing up to the highest mark of taxation.
And so the farmer would find no home market for
his wool at the factory, but must meet the com-
peting foreign article at the fireside.
It seems to me, sir, that neither North nor South
will endure this doctrine. But as it is not offered
for practice now, I leave it. The Secretary and
I are both compelled, by our respective exigencies,
to drop it for the present.
I have but one word to say to the Secretary's
defense of the tariff of 1857, from the charge of
an agency in producing the revulsion of that year.
It had not tune to operate, he thinks, between
June and October; but if confidence has so much
to do in reviving business now, as he supposes,
(and I agree with him that it has,) the destruction
of confidence might very well have had a large
agency m deranging and suspending it in the three
months.which that act stood threatening the de-
struction which sooner or later must have fol-
lowed its practical operation.
His proposal to tinker it with a single percent,
addition to some of its schedules, and the transfer
of some of its articles to the higher list, does not
require to be'tested. Such a tariff, so amended,
has been tested and condemned every time that a
better one has failed. The Secretary has shown
distinguished consideration and respect for the
iron interest, which I may be understood by
some to represent here, and therefore deserves
some worthy acknowledgments from me. This,
however, is a misapprehension of my position.
I speak not principally, much less exclusively,
for the capitalist and the manufacturer. I do not
bekeve that these interests suffer alone, or most,
by revulsions; the agriculturist loses early and
largely by the sinking fortunes of the largest class
of his consumers, and 1 would therefore shield
him from insolvency and ruin.
The foreign trade in his breadstuffs and pro-
visions is to him, at this day, the merest delusion
and the source of his greatest sacrifices.- It is
capable of close proof, that' the men who would
manufacture the iron, alone, which we import,
with their families and dependencies, would at
home consume every dollar's worth that the farmer
now sends abroad; and if our policy would but
open the market here, which the production of
all we use of cotton and woolen fabrics would
afford, the tillers of the field'Would get from them
a tenfold larger market than all the outside world
will ever open to them. Foreign trade, geneially,
to our farmers, certainly regarded as a measure of
prosperity, is a mere prejudice which we derive
from that little dot of an island over the water,
whose geographical insignificance can be relieved
only by making herself " the workshop of the
world, and her people a nation of shopkeepers."
Our industrial vassalage to Great Britain must
continue till we change our opinions and our prac-
tices from EngJ&sh to American.
But there is a more formidable, if not a more
tenable, ground of opposition to such a tariff as we
ask for, than I have been considering. The non-
manufacturing States complain that the burden of
import duties falls unequally upon them. Allow-
ing the teims " burden5' and " tax" to be applied
to duties without comment, I have this to say to
the South: in the first place, the planting States
are obliged, and I trust they are willing, also, to
bear their due share of the burdens of the Gov-
ernment. When the public debt, due at the close
of the late war with Great Britain, was to be pro-
vided for, they were as forward and as zealous as
Pennsylvania in levying the revenue upon those
commodities whose home production would be
