THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1859.
New Series No. 96.
consent given for dispensing with the reading of
the bill in detail ?
Mr. MALLORY. I object. I want it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the Secretary will read the bill.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the Commit-
tee on Finance send no amendments. I send one
to the Chair from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to come in after line fifty-six:
For the payment of the charter of vessels for the Para-
guay expedition for nine mouths, $173,700.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that the only additional
expense we are to have for that expedition ? Is
that the only appropriation that is to be moved
for it ?
Mr. MALLORY. That is all. I will say, 111 i
relation to that, that the Secretary sends us in his
report information that he has chartered nine ves-
sels. In the letter I have before me, he estimates
$299,193 50 for the purchase of five and the char-
ter of the balance. The committee thought it best
to confine themselves to the charter, and called
upon him to see what the charter would amount
to, for nine months. I hold the estimate in my
hand, for $173,700 for the charter, and not for the
purchase; and that is the amount the committee
have recommended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
insert, after line ten, the following:
For the payment of officers restored to tlie^Navy, under
ttie provisions ot' tile act of January 16, H -'J. (luring the
period of' their retirement or suspension, §62,394.
That is according to the estimate to carry out
the act of Congress of January 16, 1857.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
insert, after line fourteen:
Sec. 2. Jlnrl he it further enaetM, That tile following
general order, issued bv the Secretary of the Navy, and
dated January 13,1859,'be, and the same is hereby, con-
firmed :
General Order.
Chief engineers of more than twelve years, will rank
with commanders;
Chief engineers of less than twelve years, with lieu-
tenant-? ;
First assistant engineers next after lieutenants;
Second ass-istant engineers next after masters;
Third assistant engineers with midshipmen.
This order confers no authority to exercise the mil-
itary command, except in the discharge ot their duties, arid
no additional light to quarters.
ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, January 13,1S59.
Mr. HUNTER. Will it give additional pay ?
Mr. MALLORY. No pay is involved. It
simply legalizes the order, as has been done in
the case of pursers and surgeons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to have that amend-
ment read over again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general con-
sent it can be read again. It has been agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I spoke before the Pres-
ident announced the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
hear the Senator. It will come up m the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 would like to hear it
&£ain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am satisfied what the
amendment is, and equally satisfied that it ought
not to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be voted upon
again in the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 w,!l wait until it conies
in the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Would it not suit the conve-
nience of the Senator to determine it now, so that
it can be decided without debate when H conies
ill the Senate '
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think this a very objec-
tionable provision, and it ought not to be passed
in this hurried way in a bill like this.
96
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unanimous
consent to reconsider the vote just taken ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be pven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This general order of the
Secretary of the Navy fixes the rank of engineers
in the Navy. I would not object to fixing the
rank of engineers in the Navy at anything that
might suit their convenience or might be accept-
able to the Navy Department; but I understand
that when, on former occasions, the Navy Depart-
ment made general orders fixing the rank of those
officers who do not exercise general authority on
board, such as puisers and medical officers, there
were exceptions in it, and in the act of Congress
which ratified these general orders preventing
those officers from taking any control in the ser-
vice of the ship.
Mr. MALLORY. It is so here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not hear it so read.
Mr. MALLORY. Let the Secretary read the
last clause of the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to hear it all read
again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr BENJAMIN. I will a3k the chairman of
the Naval Committee if he is perfectly certain that
this does not interfere with the discipline of the
service? I know that already there is a very
strong jealousy in relation to this question among
officers of the Navy. I know already there have
been disputes on board some vessels of the Navy
between lieutenants and engineeis as to prefer-
ence in quarters. The relative rank assigned to
those officers, I know, is a matter of exceeding^
jealousy with the active and efficient officers ot [
the Navy. I feel very much disinclined to vote
a provision of this kind on an appropriation bill,
unless it is absolutely necessary.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply, I will state that
it is a matter of no great importance, and is not
absolutely necessary. The Secretary issued the
order formerly to fix the relative rank of pursers
and surgeons, and we legalized that in the game
way, containing this same exception. This is to ,
fix'the rank of engineers. I presume it would |
be better in the military service of the country if
the rank and rights of every man were positively
fixed. It can only be a matter of detail. This
corps has now risen into importance^, and the
Secretary chose to issue this order. The Senate
may or may not confirm it. I do not wish to
enter into a lengthy argument upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The part of the order I
object to is this: " this order confers no author-
ity to exercise the military command, except in
the discharge of their duties." '
Mr. MALLORY. Strike out, " except in the
discharge of their duties."
Mr. BENJAMIN. With that modification, I
make no objection.
| Mr. MALLORY. I accept that modification.
I It is not designed that they should have military
! command.
! Mr. DAVIS. How will it read then ?
i Mr. MALLORY. " This order confers no au-
| thority to exercise military command, and no ad-
i ditional right to quarters."
| The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
; Committee on Naval Affairs is to insert after line
j one hundred and sixty-four:
I That the oilier duty pay of commanders in the Navy
; shall be the same as tour sea-service pay.
; Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know how
much that increases the pay'
: Mr. MALLORY. The grade of commander
is the only grade in the Navy m which a distinc-
tion is made" between the sea-seivice pay and other
' duty pay. Til, re is no lea.^on why the distmc-
' lion' should be made. This amendment is to put
the commanders on the sam.> ground with all the
other giades; that is all. The difference is be-
| tween §'2,100 and §2,500 a year
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me this is a bad
time to commence raising salaries. When we
get money in the Treasury this may be proper.
Mr. MALLORY. The increase will be very
little. It is only from $2,100 to $2,500 a year—a
difference of $400. It is a very small matter, find
it is placing commanders on the same footing with
the other officers of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. I do not go for raising salaries;
but I am for doing justice. This class of officers,
commanders, is the only class in the Navy that
do not receive the same pay for shore service as
for sea service; and though I am opposed to all
unnecessary raising of salaries, I cannot see the
reason of that distinction. I gave my support to
this amendment in the Naval Committee, and I
shall do so in the Senate, and I think, as a matter
of justice, it ought to pass, because they ought
not to be made an exception.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays.
We have a quorum here.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Brown, Clarlc, Crittenden,
Davis, Dooiittle, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hale, Ham-
mond, Houston, lverson, Jones, Mallory, Pearce, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Simmons, and Yulee—22.
■VAVS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brodenck, Chandler, Cling-
man, Oollamer, Douglas, Feeeenden, Green, Hatiilm, (Jar-
Ian, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Lane, Polk, Reid, Rice, Seward, Stuart, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, Ward, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
committee is to come in after line seventeen:
That the number of surgeons in the Navy of the United
States «hall not hereafter exceed seventy-nine, nor the nura-
hei of assistant surgeons ninety.
Mr. HUNTER. What increase does that make,
I should like to know ?
Mr. MALLORY. In relation to that, I wish
to give this explanation. On page 8 of the Sec-
retary's annual report he brings this matter to the
attention of Congress, in these words:
"The present effective strength of the medical corps does
not exceed fifty-nine surgeons andseventyassistants. The
wants of the service for the ensuing year will require for
duly at sea thirty-nine surgeons and seventy assistants; for
shore duty, twenty-six surgeons and seventeen assistants ;
making a total of sixty-five surgeons and eighty-seven as-
sistants, required for active duty. This deficiency m the
medical corps of the Navy cannot he neglected without sub-
jecting the lives of those engaged m this branch of the pub-
lic service to unreasonable and culpable exposure, uhe
naval establishment has, from time to time, been increased,
while no corresponding increase has be«n made tn the num-
ber of medical officers; that remaining nearly the same now
as forty years ago. £mce the year 1815, Congress has in-
creased the number o1" captains from thirty-two to seventy-
Fix; of commanders, from eighteen to one hundred and six;
of lieutenants, trom one hundied and forty to three hundred
and twentv-seveu; while the medical corps, which then
numbered one hundred and twenty members, has now but
one hundied and torty-nme, including at least twenty who
are incapacitated for active service. The recent addition
of a considerable number of steam-vessels to the Navy will
npoe«xarilv create an increased demand for the services ot
officers at sea; wlule the greater activity wbicl:
vails tn it, and is hkelv hereafter to prevail, will etiU furthei
mcrcase that demand. To meet the immediate wants ot the
service, an addition of twenty to the present number of sur-
geon* will suffice. With that number, the stations on shore
and vessel* at i>ca may be supplied, and a short interval of
relief fjom duty allowed an officer on his return from a
cruise."
Instead of allowing: twenty surgeons, and twenty
assistant surgeons, the committee have cut them
down one half. They have reported ill favor of
ten surgeons and ten assistants. If these are
granted", there will still be 110 opportunity for an
officer to have leave of absence. I believe there
is no surgeon or assistant surgeon in the Navy
nuw 011 leave. None can be so with the present
limited number.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question;
and declaied the amendment to be agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays.
[" Too late ! "1
The VICE PESIDENT. The Chair states
that it is too late to call for a division, or for the
yeas and nays
