1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal'from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the appeal will be
sustained. I have observed several times this
session, not so often, perhaps, when the Vice
President is in the chair, that there is precipita-
tion in deciding measures to be carried, which
precludes members from the opportunity of tak-
ing a vote by yeas and nays, which is a consti-
tutional right.
Mr. TOOMBS, I voted in the negative, and I
saw theSenate were not attending to it. I rose
to my feet as quick as a man of my bulk could,
and I asserted my rights, and I intend to have
them, unless they are refused by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, by general consent, j
that we shall take the vote over again. The i
Chair, in endeavoring to push the bill along, is |
certainly rendering a service to the Senate, and j
he did not hear the call of the gentleman from j
Georgia in time. [
Mr. TOOMBS. I was one of the few men who
■were attending to the public business on that oc-
casion. I heard every word that was said by the
Senator from Florida, and threw my hand to my j
ear to catch his words, for I consider this an j
abuse. I heard every word he uttered, and was |
prepared to answer. !
Mr. HUNTER. Let us, by general consent, ;
take the vote, and not. have debate on this point, j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then, I take an appeal. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Chair has j
decided, and he has done no more than I have i
seen done on many other occasions; and 1 insist
on adhering to if. |
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal from the decision of j
the Chair. 1 say I used extreme vigilance on |
this occasion. 1 listened attentively, in alt the
clamor, to what was said by the chairman of the j
Naval Committee, and gave my vote m the nega- |
tivejand the instant it was given, 1 rose from my :
place and called for the yeas and nays, and I
think I am entitled to have thorn.
Mr. GREEN. I voted, with the Senator, in
the negative, and intend to vote with him again;
but my understanding was, that there was ample
time to call for a division; but 1 may have been
mistaken in that.
The VICE PRE SI DENT. The Chair stated
that the result had been announced before he
heard the Senator from Georgia call lorn division,
and therefore it was too late. From that decision
the Senatoj from Geoigia appeals. The Senator
from Virginia sugg< that by unanimous con-
sent the vote be taken over again.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to that
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that course. The question, then,
is on the amendment of the Senator irom Florida.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas llJ, nays 3U; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigler, Hiown, ('hesniif,
OliiiKiiiiui, Davis, Filch, Fitzpatnek, Fo-h r. Gvvm, Ham
xmmd, Iveison, Malloiy, Mason, Pearce, Sebastian, Ward,
and \ alee—19.
NAYS—Messrs Benjamin, V.rodeuck, ('handler, (Hark,
Clay, (Vllamer, CrttleruJcn, Doohttie, Fe* t.eudeu, Fool,
(Jieeij, Hamlin, Harlan, Hunter, Johiwou ol Arkniivn, John-
son ol Tennessee, Jones*, King, Lane, Polk, Pugh. Urid,
Kice, r-Vward, Smmion.s, Smart, Toombs,Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—.'ML
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is to
insert, as a new section:
And be it further eyiacteJ. That the .si\th section ot the
aetot'ltkh Jaimarv, 1K>7, entitled ♦•Aaart to amend an act
to promote the efficiency of the \.ivv." shall he  o con-
strued as io include otheeis who, at the time they were
dropped, or placed on the reserved list, had been detached
ftomduty, or removed from command, Uu supposed inef-
ficiency or unfitness,, but who lane -inee been restored to
the activc h^t; and such otfv*ei^ fdmll reeei\ <* the ^amc pay
they were receiving respective!) wiien ihey wcie de-
tached or removed,deducting any pav the) ma\ have other-
wise received (luring the Lime ntorcsaid.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to state what is the ob-
ject of this amendment. There are only two or
three of ali the officers, whose cases were acted
upon by the retiring board of the Navy, to whom
the amendment wi'l apply. There are, I believe,
in the whole, two, or, at most, three, to whom it
can apply. The law of 1857 does not do these
gentlemen justice. To the great class of officers
subjected to the action of the retiring board, it
does ample justice; but there are two or three
cases of officers, who were at sea, who were de-
tached by their commanding officers from service !
for some cause not operative to prevent their full i
restoration to active service, and who, in conse- t
quence of having been retired by the order of
their commanding officer from that seivice,and !
being in that condition at the time the naval board j
acted on their cases, have not been restored to j
their full pay; all the others have been. Why j
this exception ? Their cases are equally men- |
tonous, and the rule of law should apply to them ;
as well as to the others. It does not now; it is j
unequal, and, therefore, I want to have this con- ,
struction of the act of 1857 adopted, that equal ,
justice may be done to all. j
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to amend the amend- j
ment. There was an instance or two—I speak i
now particularly of the case of Captain Sawyer— [
where an officer was retired by the board and put ■
on the furlough list, and the President nominated .
him anew for a place on the leave-of-absenee list. :
This officer having been retired simply in conse- i
quence of deafness which he had incurred 111 the
I service, was placed on the furlough instead of the ;
' leave-of-absence list, and was restored to the lat- '
ter list by the action of the President and the >Sen- !
ate. Now, I desire that he shall leceive the pay 1
of that list to which he appropriately belonged, j
My amendment is, to add to the amendment of j
the committee: ;
And that this >hall extend to any officer who has been
transferred from the I'mlouuh list to the h\i\e-ol-aliM-neo -
list by the President, with ihe advice and consent ol the 1
Senate. j
Mr. POLK. I should like the chairman of the ,
Naval Committee to state how much this pay will
amount to ' i
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot answer as to this '
laltei amendment. 1 ain inclined to think it will '
cover a great many ca&es—more than the Senator i
from Vermont contemplates. The case that ho ■
alludes to is a very meriioi ions one, >md undoubt-
edly ought to have the action of Confess?; hut I
think his amendment wiil extend to many moie.
The amendment leported by the '•onmmtee would
embrace but three cases, I think; 1 know of but
three.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. TTow much money?
Mi. MALLORY. It would amount to, say
eight or ten thousand dollars, at a rou^h mies.s
Mr. TOOMliS. In my judgment, thisanu nd
ment ought not to prevail; and I think tho vn-y
case which has been referred to here, is one that
illustrates the principle plainer than anyothu.
The amendment applies to the case of an officer
who was on duty at sea, and was sent home foi
any cause whatever. 1 will suppose it to have
been for an improper cause. IIo may have been
on an expedition to the northern Pacific ocean.
Probably a survey was held over him, and he was
sent home, lie was then in command of a squad-
ion; the squadron came home, possibly, in
KS55; and by this amendment, you give him, for
five yars, the same pay he would have received
if he were commanding asquadron m the northern
Pacific ocean. That is the efket of it, and 1 pie-
sunic that it is the intention of it. It ou^ht not to
be done. The squadron itself was disbanded,
probably, within a year after he was sent home.
I It is proper to give men pay according to their
i lank, not their position; because this wholeNa\ v
i system, so far as it i egaids posi tion, is one of fa-
: vontiwm. A captain on shore, not on duty, {rets
j a vear; if he commands a squadron, he guts
1 Thar in m diilerenee of $k-2,(i(J0 a year.
It you pass this amendment, and there happened
; to be a captain who was m command of a squad-
• ion, and was sent home unjustly, and lie was
: alterwaids condemned by the naval board and
! restored by the court of inquiry, he w<il receive
j the pay of a captain of a squadron for all that
' tune. Piobubly there was no more gallant man
I than the one for whom this amendment is intended;
I but it is not just ami right to give him the pay of
J the commander of a squadron, when he was not
peifotmmg those duties. 1 am wdhng togivehun
, tiie pay of the rank of which he was deprived;
! but not of a position which he did not occupy. I
' will not make an officer's pay different on account
I of the accidental circumstance of what he was
! employed in at the time. I will give him the pay
of his rank—no more; but this amendment would
give him the pay of an accidental position of
which he happened to be deprived. That is
wrong.
Mr. PUGH. I think the attention of the Sen-
ate and the country ought to be called to the re-
sults of our legislation m reference to the retiring
of officers of the Navy. In 1855, we passed a bill
by which all the officers of the Navy were re-
ferred to a naval board of their own number.
That board, I think, retired or dropped, in all,
about two hundred men. There was a great
clamor raised, and we passed an act, in 1856 in
the Senate, and in J857 through the House, by
which they were referred to a court of inquiry.
Afterwards we passed another act, or joint reso-
lution, by which the President has substantially
restored them all. It was said when the origi-
nal law was passed, that, although we then
had, I think, about sixty-eight captains in the
Navy, and the same proportion of every other
rank, we had too many. But the operation of
this naval board and the subsequent legislation
has been to raise the number of captains up to a
hundred, and so with the other grades, and to in-
crease the expenditures of the Navy to an enorm-
ous and unjustifiable extent. Now it is pro-
posed, by extra pay and additional pay, based not
upon seivice, but upon pretensions drawn from
abandoned or discarded rank, to give these gen-
tlemen moie pay. I do not go into the question
of the original merits of the law creating the naval
board: but I will undertake to say that that law,
with its sequences in legislation, has made the
Navy the most intolerable nuisance in this Gov-
ernment, except the Army. We have more offi-
cers of every grade than it is possible for this
Government to employ; and we have duplicated
upon us, at every session, and in every possible
foi m, pretenses to double and treble and increased
pay in all shapes. 1 think it is time for Congress
to set its foot upon the proposition to increase the
pay of these gentlemen, not for services rendered,
not for rank conferred, but for rank which ought
to have been conferred, but never was conferred.
I ask tor the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I have modified the original
amendment, and I ask that the modification be
reed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theoriginalamend-
ment has been modified by the mover, by insert-
ing, N fter '' i emo ved,1' the words 'k up to the term-
inatton of their cruise when so detached."
Mi. MALLORY. I find, upon looking at it,
that the original amendmentwas liable to the ob-
jection raistd by the Senator from Georgia. It
was not so designed, i will state the effect of it
as jr now stands. Congress agreed to put certain
officers of the Navy, who had been removed,
back to the positions they originally occupied. I
piesume, that in doing that, Congress intended to
do the tiling gracefully; to do entire justice; not
only to give them the places they would have had,
but the pay they would have had if they had not
' boen so dealt with. The officers contemplated by
this amendment are those who were displaced,
getting sea service or command pay at the time,
but were withdrawn from that position,and they
cannot get it without such an amendment. This
gives them that pay to the expiration of their
then cruise.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am content with that. It
remove* my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
. on the amendment to the amendment; on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care about the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator ft om Ver-
mont to the amendment. I am opposed to the
; whole system.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered. The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '25, nays 17; as follows:
i YF. \S—Mosaic. Allen. Bell. Brown, Claik, Collamer,
Ct ittei'den. !.)'>ohtile. Fe^sendeti,* Foot. Foster, Gwm,
: Hamlin. Hammond. Ivor^on, Jorie-j, King, Mallory, Peatce,
Hebasijan. Seward, Simmons. Toombs, Ttumbuil. Ward,
and Voice—2.j.
WVS—We-.*!** Chrsnur. Play. Olmi/man,
i'Kch, Fit/p euck. Harlan, ihmtet. Join^on of Ai Kansas,
I Johnson oi Tcnne-isee, Lane, Polk, Pugli, Kcid, Rice,
; Stuait. anil Wil-on—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
