.m-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE**
January 19^
its-title, atd referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
POST ROAPS IN MINNESOTA^
Mr. SHIELDS, I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a weekly mail from Foit Dodge, Towa, to Jack-
Ron, ill Minnesota; and a semi-weekly mail ftom Jackson,
Minnesota, to Sioux Palls, in Dakota Territory; and a semi-
monthly maUjCroji} New Uhn, in Minnesota, to Jackson, m
Minnesota.
There toeing no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
know thatl distinctly understand the object of the
Senator in this resolution. Congress have power
to establish post roads, but we never exercise the
power to establish a mail from day to day, and
from week to week. Such a thing is unprece-
dented. That lies entirely with the Department.
I object to the resolution unless it is explained
or amended.
Mr. SHIELDS. Itis merely a resolution of in-
quiry, which will go to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. I have ottered the reso-
lution, in conformity with a petition which has
been presented to me. I admit that the honorable
Senator is correct in his objection to a portion of
it, but the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads will understand that.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I look upon it, it is
not a proper resolution to be referred to that com-
mittee. It is a subject which should be presented
to the Postmaster General. We have invested
■him with that power, and it belongs to him, and
not to us.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will make it satisfactory, I
trust, to the honorable Senator, hy striking out
all that relates to a daily mail, and reluming only
so much as relates to the ostablisiiMent of roads.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it be amended the
Senator suggests, I shall not object to it,.
The resolution was amended^ and adopted, as
follows:
ilcso/oerf/fhnt the Cbrnimttoepn the Pom Office and Po^t
Itoads be instructed to inqiuie into the expediency of 0; Ub
lisliing a post louto fiom Tort, lJodgc, Iowa, to Jackson, ill
Minnesota; ami a po<t mute irom Jaclj-.on, Minnesota. to
Pioux Falls, in Dakota Trrntoiv; and a post ionic lrom
New (JJm, in Minnesota, to Jackson, in Minnesota.
WIDOW OF GENERAL RILEY.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered byunauimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions he requested
to inquire into the propriety oi n-pottiny in favor of nllow-
in«:-iA rubella Riley, widow of tho late Onem! Bonnet l?tloy,
the .same pennon which lias been allowed to the widows
of other {jeneial olliceirf who died in actual borvico under
BIIIIIl.u cn't umsuncr*.
COMPILATION OF MILITARY' LAWS.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee to Au-
dit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate procure for
the U'ie of the Senate, its officers and committee*1, a? many
copies as may he nt-cessary of Cailan's Compilation of the
United Slates Military Laws froiu 1 "<"6 to liSOri.
POST ROUTES IN MICHIGAN.
Mi*. STUART submitted the folio wing resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
7ievolved, That the Committee on the Po?t Oflice and
INM Ho ads be directed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing,* m.ul route ftom Nitcy, in ihc State of Michigan,
tlnough Kipeatone and Bainhndge, to VV.xioivjiet, nt the
same Slate ; and also from Buchanan, in the State of Mich-
igan, through Woesaw lake and UojrUion townships, to
Samt Joseph, in <uid State.
EXPORTS TO CUBA.
Mr. PUGH. I ofTer the following resolution;
and if there be no objection, I hope the Senate
will consider it now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to lurmsh the Senate a description ot nil ai n< k\s e.vpoi ted
to the Island of Cuba from the several port1* of the (Totted
State*, for thB last five years, -pccifym« the climated value
of Mich articles,, together with a desenpuon and e>nmate
ot the articlesunported into the United States at the seveial
ports fiom that island.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. POLK. X do not know that such a thing
is practicable, but if it is, I suggest to the mover
! of the resolution to amend it so that it shdl show
; not merely the aggregate, but the yearly%mount
| of the exports and imports.
I Mr. PUGH. The idea was that the Secretary
j would give us not only tho tables of each year,
; but the various ports of exportation and impor-
| tation.
; Mr. POLK. I think the resolution does not
j mnko that obligatory. I nfove to insert the
! words " for each year," before the fifth line.
Mr. PUGH. I accept the amendment.
I Mr. OOLLAMER. I dilire to substitute the
! word "list" for "description." We do not
want the designation of the articles, but a list of
them.
Mr. PUGH. I want to know what the articles
arc. I do not want a mere statement of the value
in amount, but a designation of the manufactured
articles.
Mr. COLLAMER. A list of the articles would
give that.
1 Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to the use of
that word.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator accept the amendment?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; I accept it.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury he re-
queued ro l'uiriish the Senate alKtof all articles exported
to the IMnnrl nt' Cuba, from the seveial port? of the United
States, tor each year foi the last five years, specifying the
estimated value of such aiticles, together with a hsJ*tand es
tmiatc of the articles impelled into the United Stales, at
the several potts, fiom that island.
HENRY R. SCHOOLCRAFT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate—an indulgence that I do not
often appeal to—to enable rae "to move to take up
and consider the bill (S. No. 443) for the relief
of Henry II. Schoolcraft. I suppose it will lead
to no discussion.
iVlr. COLLAMER objected at that particular
stage of business, and tho motion was not con-
sidered.
COURT-HOUSE AT RUTLAND.
Mr. COLLAMER. Iam directed by the com-
mittee, to whom was refeured a joint resolution,
(S. No. G.">,) to report it back to the Senate, to-
gether with a communication of the Secretary of
the Treasury in regard to it, and recommend its
passage. It is ajoint resolution concerning merely
an exchange of some part of a lot of land on which
the United States court-house stands in Rutland,
Vermont. It is entirely a local matter of no gen-
eral interest, which 1 wish may be put upon its
passage at this time. Among the papeis is a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury m
regard to it, approving of it: and as it is a mere
matter of form, I desire to have it put upon its
passage now.
There bring no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded fo consider the
joint resolution (S. No. G.5) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to convey a portion of tho
Government lot on winch the United States court-
house stands in Rutland, Vermont, in exchange
for other land adjoining said lot. It empowers the
Secretary of the Treasury to convey to John B.
Page, of Rutland, so much ft-om the east side of
the lot of land on which the United States court-
house and post office in Rutland stand as in his
opinion will not be required for the use of the
Government, in exchange for other land of equal
area 011 the north side ad joining the Government
lot, without cost to the Government, and to give
and receive deeds to and from John B. IJage for
the land so given and received ill exchange. J
Mr. CLAY. 1 did not observe who offered the 1
resolution; but I would suggest that it should go 1
to the Committee on Commerce. It seems tome j
that it is proper it should be acted 011 hy some j
committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tho resolution has been
| consideied by the Judiciary Committee. They
communicated with the Secretary of the Treasury
. in regard to it, and there is a letter among the
; papers from him, in which he says it ought to be
done, and he is ready to do it.
Mr. CLAY. Then J have no objection to it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
aWwithout amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
RESTORATION OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
_ On motion of Mr. HALE, the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 71) authorizing the President to re-
store certain officers of the Navy to their former
places, was read a second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Alldirs.
INVALID PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the invalid
pension bill. It has been before the Senate for
several days. I have been watting for other busi-
ness to be disposed of that I might have an op-
portunity to call it up*, but there is no likeli-
hood of that, I feel constrained to make an effort
to get up the bill for consideration this morning.
Mr. BENJAMIN. "VVe are not yet through
with reports from standing committees.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator insists on my
giving way for reports, the effect will be that this
bill will be crowded out by the special order which
comes up at one o'clock. I want to try the sense
of the Senate on taking up the bill before that
comes up, if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the Senator.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. No. GG2) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States, for the year ending the 30th
June, 18G0, which was reported frpm the Com-
mittee on Finance, with amendments.
The fir§t amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out " forty " in the twelfth
line, and to insert " sixteen;" so that the clause
will read:
Foi pensions under the acts of the ISth March, 1818,15th
May, 1H-J8, and 'th June, 3833, $1(>,0(J0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert the following as new sections:
Sfc. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st clay of July, ItfoO, tUe present agencies for tlie pay-
ment of pensions bo, and the same are hereby, abolished,
and the dunes heretofore performed by the agents shall be
discharged by the officers named in "the sixth section of
the act entitled " An act to provide for the organizatic/i
of the Trcastny, and for the collection, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue," appioved
August 6, 1816, and in the manner prescribed by that act:
Provided, however, That said officers shall not be allowed
any additional compensation for the discharge of the duties
imposed on them by the said sixth section of the act afore-
said as herein proscribed.
Sec . 3. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of ap-
plication for the pa\ niont of pensions to invalids under the
several laws of Congress granting pensions to invalids, the
affidavit nf two suiscons or phjsieiaus, whose credibility as
such shall he ceitilicd by the magistrate before whom the
atfutavit is made, stating the continuance of the disability
; for which the pension wvi  originally gianted, (describing
j it.1) and the late of such disability at the time of makingthe
| afhdavit, shall accompany the application of the fiist pay-
: mcnt, winch shall fall due upon a day in the fiscal year lor
winch piovisioji is made hoiein, to he declined hy the Scc-
ictary of the Interior, and at the end of every two years
tiicieatter; and if, in a case of continued disability, it ssliall
he stated at a rate below that for which the pension was
oi iginally gianted. the applicant shall only he paid otthf  rate
stated in the affidavit: Piovvled, That where the pension
shall have been otigtnaliy gianted for a total disabilitv, in
consequence of tho lo*.e of a limb, or other cau~c winch
cannot, either in whole orinpart.be amoved, the above
afhdavit shall not be necessary to entitle the applicant to
payment.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendments to this bill
are substantially contained in the last two sec-
tions. The first of the.se sections proposes that
we shall enforce the sixth section of the Sub-
Treasury law, and require the persons therein
named to pay these pensions without additional
compensation. Of course, that has made it ne-
cessary to move an amendment reducing the
amount some twenty-fourthousand dollars. The
second section revives the old law of 1819.
Mr. PUGH. Before the Senator proceeds to
explain that section, I hope he will allow me to
ask him what officers those are ?
Mr. HUNTER. I will answer the gentleman
presently. The second section renews the old
law of 1819, which required the biennial exam-
ination of invalid pensioners, in order to protect .
the Goyernmetit ftom fraud.
To answer the inquiry of the Senator from
Ohio, and show what officers those are, I will ask
that the sixth section of the Sub-Treasury law be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of
the United States, the treasurer of the Mint of the United
