1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
States, the treasurers, and those acting as such, of the vari-
ous bianch mints, alt collectors of the customs, all survey-
ors of the customs acting aKo as collectors, all assistant
treasurers, all receivers of public moneys at the several land
offices, all postmasteis, and all public officers of whatsoever
character, be, and they are hereby, icrjuired to keep safely,
without loaning, using, depositing m banks, or exchanging
for other funds than as allowed by this act, ali the public
moneys collected by ihem,or othetwise at anytime placed
in their possession and custody, till the same is ordered by
the proper Department or officei of the Government to be
transferred and paid out? and when such orders lor transfer
or payment ate received, faithfully and promptly to make
the same as directed, and to do and pei form all other duties
as fiscal agents of the Government which may be imposed
by this or any other acts of Congress, or by any regulation
ofthe Treasury Department made in conformity tolawj and
also to do and perform all acts and duties required by law,
or by direction of any ot the Executive Depaiiments of the
Government, as agents for paying pensions, or for making
any other disbursements which either of th^heads of those
Departments may be required by law to make, and which
are of a character to be made by the .depopitaiies hereby
constituted, consistently with the other official duties im-
posed upon them."
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to the second amend-
ment, I would ask that the law of 1819, which it
is proposed to renew, be read. I will state that
that is an amendment which has long been sought
for by the Interior Department, to protect the pen-
sion system against frauds. I recollect—indeed,
I have his letter now—that the former Secretary
ofthe Interior, Mr. McClelland, pressed it very
fa^rmly. I believe the recommendation has been
renewed by the present Commissioner of Pen-
sions. I ask the Secretary to read the law of 1819,
which it is proposed to renew. *
The Secretary read it, as follows: .p.
e: An act regulating the payment4? to invalid pensioner*!.
" Be it enactcd hythe Sciiate end House of Representatives
ofthe United Statesoj Jlmencam Congress assembled, That
in all cases of application (or the payment of pensions to
invalids, under the heveral law.? of Oongiots gr.intuia pen-
sions to invalids, the affidavit ol two e-uigcons or phyn-
cians, whose credibility a* such shall be ccitified by'the
magistrate befoie whom the affidavit h- made, stating the.
■continuance of the disability lor winch the pension was
originally granted, (describing it.) and the rate of such dis-
ability at the time of making the affidavit, shall accompany
the application of the first payment which t-hnll fall due
alter the 4th day of Maich next, and at the end of eveiy
two years theieafter: and if, in a case of continued di-a"-
bihty, it shall be stated at a rate below that for which the
pension was originally granted, the applicant shall only be
paid at the rate stafduuhe affidavit: Ptorvled^ That wheie
the pension shall have been originally granted for a total
disability, in consequcnoc of the lohs ot a limb, or other
cause which cannot, eithei m whole or m part, he removed,
the above affidavit bhali not be nectary to entitle the ap-
plicant to payment: Jlndprovided,aho^'That thi-> act shall
not extend to the invalids ofthe Revolution ho have been,
or shall be, placed on the pension h-t pursuant to an act of
Congress entitled An act to provide tor certain persons
engaged m the land and naval seivice or'the United States
in the jevolutionary wai,'" approved the 18th day of March,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
eight [eighteen.]
<v Appioved, March 3, 3S19."
Mr. STUART. I am decidedly infavor ofthffsc
provisions; but I wish to address an inquiry to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. It
has been held at the Treasury Department, orin
some of the Departments, that these provisions of
law, being ingrafted upon an appropriation bill,
expired at the end of the fiscal year; and I wish
to call the attention of the chairman to that fact,
so that these amendments may be made to con-
tinue until repealed. I presume he designs them
to be so, and I would suggest to him the propriety
of adding that the provisions of these sections
shall remain in force until otherwise provided by
law, or some similar language which will put that
beyond doubt.
Mr. HUNTER. I will accept thatamendment
if the Senator will be kind enough to submit it.
Mr. HALE. I hope nothing of that sort will
be done. If that amendment be adopted it will
upset the practice of this Government for years.
There have been a great many amendments to
general laws made in this way. The question has
been raised, but I never heard of any court decid-
ing in the way in which the Senator from Mich-
igan says it has been decided. On the other hand,
the question was raised directly in some of the
State courts, and an attempt was made to get rid
of these provisions, and it was decided that they
were in force. Some of the most important and
salutary reforms that are made by the legislation
of this country, have been made in this way; and
if Congress attempts to introduce a provision of
this sort into the bill, it \^ill be a legislative sanc-
tion to a most mischievous construction of the
law.
Why, sir, I may state an instance. The law,
which, I believe, everybody now thinks was a
wise one, (that is, every humane and Christian
man,) abolishing flogging in the Navy, was a
provision added to an appropriation act, and upon
it this1" question was raised before the supretne
court of the State of Massachusetts. Sorrm brute
hod applied the cat-o'-nine-tails to a sailor after
that law was passed, and being brought up before
the courts for it, he attempted to shield himself
from the punishment which was due to him on
the ground of the construction which is now sug-
gested by the Senator from Michigan: that it be-
ing a proviso to an appropriation bill, it died with
the appropriation. The question was very elab-
orately argued before the court, and the court re-
pudiated it, as I think every sensible man would
do. A great mnny provisions have been made in
this way, and if Congress now undertakes to
make such an amendment as is proposed, it will
be giving a legislative construction to these amend-
ments, and there are a great many of them, this
is not the only one. It will be a very mischiev-
ous precedent to say that these provisions that
.have been inserted upon appropriation bills, ex-
pire with the appropriation. I think it will not
bo found that any respectable judicial tribunal
has over made such a decision as that. You will
find that there are a great many salutary measures
that have been put in from the necessity of the
case on these appropriation bills, because they
are bound to go through. Their specific gravity
carries them through; and a great many salutary
measures have been hitched on to them with the
certainty that by being on an appropriation bill,
they would be carried; and if we adopt such a
construction as this, I think it would have a ten-
dency to indicate that such was the opinion of
Congress, whereas the practice has been uni-
formly the other way.
Mr. HUNTER. I think, sir, the decision was
this, that jf the amendment to an appropriation
bill showed by its own terms that it was designed
to be a permanent act of legislation it was so con-
strued; but there have been decisions, and l think
a decision of theSupreme Court, that where, from
the nature of the case, the legislation was tem-
porary, and designed to apply to that bill only, it
expired with u; but still I do not see any mischief
that could arise from adopting the amendment
of the Senator from Michigan, which he offered
from abundant caution, and I am very willing to
vote for it. I do not think it will do any harm,
and it may do good.
Mr. STCJART. i did not, when up before, say
that the courts had ever made any such decision.
I said that the Departments had so decided. Now,
sir, as the Senator from Virginia has said, no
evil can grow nut of this amendment. No court
would ever undertake to determine that because
Congress, from abundant caution, as the Senator
from Virginia remarks, or any other reason, had
chosen to say that these laws should remain in
force until repealed by Congress, that therefore
other laws that did not contain that language
should not.
Since addressing the Senate before, I recollect
that there were two cases raised on appropriation
bills, m relations to amendments made m the
House of Representatives to compel the payment
of annuities to Indians per capita, and in each
case the Departmentdecided that the amendments
ceased at the end of the fiscal year, so that a third
effort was necessary to ingraft that principle upon
the laws of the land so as to make it permanent.
Now, this is a-mode of paying pensions, and
it is stated that they shall be paid m a particular
manner, that certain evidence shall be required
before their payment. There is danger, there-
fore, that it may be said that this is a mode of j
payment applicable to this yenr only. It is to j
avoid such a construction that I desire to say that j
this section and the preceding one shall remain ]
in force until repealed by Congress, so as to make 1
these, as they are intended to be, the permanent i
rules upon which pensions shall be paid, until ;
Congress sees fit to change them. I submit that ;
no such evil as that suggested by the Senator can !
arise. I offer the amendment. jl
Mr. GWIN. 1 move that this bill be laid aside, ;■
in order that we may proceed with the consider- ;l
ation of the unfinished business of yesterday. ij
Mr. HUNTER. I do tint think it will take \\
long to consider this bill. Atany rate, theSenate
decided by a vote to suspend all prior orders in
order to take it up.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I am opposed to putting
in anything that is clearly unnecessary into the
provisions l*at we make; and I view the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Michigan as of
that character. The first of those sections sim-
ply repeals laws. "Will the Senator contend" that
a section repealing a law is to operate for one
year only? It doea away with thelaw,andthert
H provides that the duties performed before by
officers appointed under the laws repealed shall,
in future, be performed by others. Then look at
the next section. It is of a similar character. It
provides that persons receiving a certain class of
pensions shall be reexamined every two years.
Of course, it would not expire with a Jaw which
operates for onfy one year. The case is as com-
plete, in both these instances, as it possibly could
be; and no court, and no sensible head of a De-
partment, or executive officer of a Department,
could possibly give any other construction to it
than the one which appears upon its face.
Now, sir, I am opposed, with theSenator from
New Hampshire, to putting in words that are un-
necessary and which may lead to improper in-
ferences, although I agree clearly with the Sen;
ator from Michigan upon that subject, that a court
would not make a false construction in one case
because Congress had thought it wise to use lan-
guage in another which clcarly was not necessary.
Under the circumstances, however, believing^nd
knowing in fact as every man must* that the idea
of the Senator from Michigan is a correct one;
that from the nature of the thing itself, the pro-
vision is a permanent one, and no court and no
Department could construe it otherwise, I hope
that the amendment will not be made; because I
am utterly opposed to heaping upon these provis-
ions, which are clear in their terms, unnecessary
verbiage.
Mr. STUART. I am also opposed to it. If
there is anything I like it is conciseness in lan-
guage, both in acts and in speeches. I will with-
draw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The question
is on the sections which have been read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to have a little in-
formation upon that matter. I have not been able
to turn to the law to which the amendment refers.
Mr. PUGH. It was read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not in at the time. If
I am right in my recollection, that act provides
for the appointment of assistant treasurers in cer-
tain localities. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who reported this bill, if it
does not confine it to the officers who are known
as sub-treasurers ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; it does not. It ex-
pends to collectors, land receivers, and postmas-
ters. It is merely enforcing the sixth section of
the sub-Treasuty act. Perhaps the shortest way
would be to have that section read again; the Sen-
ator will then understand it.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 hope the Senator from Vir-
giftia will allow this bill to go over until to-mor-
row. 1 would like to look into it. I do not know
that I shall interpose any objection to it, but I
should like to have it he over until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to refuse any
such request that is made; but I think, if the Sen-
ator will read that section, he will be satisfied.
If, however, it be the general sense of the Senate,
I will allow the bill to go over, if the Senate will
agree to take it up to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator agree to
make it the special order for one o'clock to-mor-
row? If it is the general understanding that it
shall be taken up at one o'clock to-morrow, I will
not object to its going over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will agree to1 that.
Mr. GWIN. Say half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid that those who
want to make reports will not agree to thathour,
but they will be willing to fix one o'clock, «
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection.
ThcPRESIDENT protempore. That will be re-
garded as the sense of the Senate, unless objected
to. The Chair hears no objection.
