1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to; arid the question recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. IVERSON. I move still further to amend
the amendment, by adding to it:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That such officers of the Navy
as were dropped from the service by the action of the late
naval retiring board, and who have been subsequently re-
stored to the borvice and placed upon the furlough orleavfi-
pny list, shall be allowed furlough pay if placed upon the
turlough li*t, and leave pa.v if placed upon the leave list,
foi and during the time thuy weie bo dropped, deducting
any pay which they otherwise received during the time
aforesaid.
Jind be it jurther enacted, That such officers as were
placod upon the furlough list by the action of the said naval
retiring board, and who have been subsequently trans-
ferred to the leave list by the action of said naval courts of
inquiry, shall be allowed leave pay fur and during tfie time
they were on the fuilough hbt as aforesaid, deducting the
furlough pay which they received during said time.
Jlnd te it jurther enacted, Tnat in ca?>e of the death of an
officer, after his restoration 01 transfer as aforesaid. Ins le-
gal representatives shall bo entitled to receive the amount
which said officer would have received under this act up to
the time of his death.
Mr. PUGH. I think that is an amendment
involving1 an appropriation not recommended by
any standing committee-, and therefore I raise the
question of order.
Mr. IVERSON. It is reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PUGH. Well, it is a private claim any-
how, and is not to carry out any law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio raises the question of order that it is a pu-
vate claim. The Chair does not so considet it.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg leave to make a short
explanation of this proposition. It will be re-
membered that, by the sixth section of the act
which organized the late naval courts of inquiry,
which led to the restoration of some of there-
tired officers, it was provided that, if they were
restored to the active list, they should be entitled
to draw the same pay during the time they were
retired that they were drawing at the time they
were retired; and that has been carried into effect
so far as regards the officers put on the active list;
but it made no provision for the pay of those who
were not restored to the active li&t. It did not
provide for those who were restored and put on
the furlough list, or for those who were? advanced
fromthefurlough to theleave-pay list. My amend-
ment now proposes to give to these persons the
game pay from the time of their retirement that
they would have obtained, provided they had
been originally put in the place they arc now put
in. For instance, an officer was dismissed from
the service and went before one of the naval courts
of inquiry, and on their finding and the action
of the President and the Senate, he was lesiored
to the service, but was not put on the active
list, but upon the leave list with leave pay. This
amendment would reach his case and give him
leave pay from the time he was originally retired,
deducting what he had re<vm>d under the pre-
vious law. So in relation to the fui lough list.
An officer was put on the furlough list by the re-
tiring board; but by the recmtacuon of the naval
courts of inquiry and the President and Seriate,
he has been advanced from the furlough to the
leave list. My amendment gives him the leave
pay, deducting tlie furlough pay lie has alieady
received. It goes on the piesumpuon that he
ought to have been put originally, by the retning
board, in the place where he js now put, upon
Stiict scrutiny by the naval coui ts of inquiry; that
the retiring board made a mistake by putting him
in the lowei position; and this simply gives hi.n
the pay to which he would have been entitled if
he had been put originally in the right place.
Mr. PUGH. 1 do not care to discuss the ques-
tion of order, although it has been heietofore de-
cided that the claims of a class of officers are as
much puvate claims as those of individuals. That
may pass, however. Now, the Senator fiom
Georgia says that, because these gentlemen, at a
subsequent period, have been put on the leave list,
they should be paid, ex poit facto, on that basis.
It is not pretended that they rendtutd any such
service to tiie Government; it is not pietench'd
that they held any such place under the Govern-
ment;that we derived any such service from them;
but, because the coui t, iajuturo, put them there,
we shall therefore give them back pay. It. is a
mere gratuity, and it is a gratuity to a class of
officers who have been allowed ample oppoitu-
nity to vindicate themselves. In my judgment,
it is nothing more nor less than a largess out of
the public Treasury to officers in the Navy, who
have already been overpaid, and who need the
amending hand more than any other officers in
the service. I demand the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend from Ohio is en-
tirely mistaken in supposing this to be a largess.
These people were displaced from the service.
They said they had not had a fair trial. You
gave them a new trial, and they were put back
in the Navy, on the leave list, or furlough list.
This is to give them that pay, on the presump-
tion that they were unjustly put out and rightly
i put back. It is the same largess that you give
| to sixty captains, out uf ninety-eight, in your
! service. It is the same largess you give to every
; man on the furlough list in the Navy. It is put-
1 ting them exactly where they ought to have been, ■
! and paying them as though they had not been
i turned out. If they were turned out wrongfully— j
I and the judgment of their peers has decided that i
' they were—H is not just that they should not only ,
i be deprived of their rank, but put to the expense 1
! of a trial to get back, and also lose the pay which
' they should have had. It was proposed to give !
! them the pay they would have had if they had ;
; been in active service. I objected to that. It
was changed to give them the pay of the rank
i they now hold; and that is right. ;
■ Mr. REID. I rise to inquire of the Senator
: who offers this amendment, whether it is re-
■ poited by a committee?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir; rup irted by the |
i Committee on Naval Affairs. I offered it at the j
request of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. ,
1 Hammond.] i
! Mr. PUG1I. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
! Toombs] does not seem to me to answer the ob-
jection. Those who were put on the furlough
| list, or leave list, as the case may be, during a
1 given period of time, whether a year, eighteen
, months,or two years, were subject to the oiders
of the Department. It is not pretended that these
: gentlemen were. They were out of the Navy—
| clearly out of it; not subject to the orders of the
| Department; not holding themselves in readiness
; foi orders; but afterwards, by our grace and
I mercy, courts were constituted which restored
: them to the Navy in the future; put them in the
i future in particular places. It was not done upon
the idea that they were wrongfully turned out of
■ the Navy. It was upon the idea of granting them
! a new tnnl upon their petition.
1 Mr. TOOMHS. I do not want to debate this
question, but I will correct my friend, if he will
allow me, on v matter of fact.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mt.TOOMBS. My friend is mistaken. These
officers that weie on the leave list, or the furlough
list, though not jn the line of promotion, were
just as much subject to orders as those on the ac-
, live list. The Department could order them any
day, and did oider some of them. Commodore j
Stewart was oulcred to the command of the Phil- j
ailelphia. navy-yaid, and got full pay. A man !
who was put on the leave list, or the fuilough list,
by the retiring bom d, was just as much subject to ;
the orders of the President as a man on the active 1
list. The Senator is> wholly mistaken as to that. 1
Mr. PUG1I. Those who weie dropped were
not subject to ordeis. That is clear as to that
' cla^s of officers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit that.
i Mr. PUG1L Those on the furlough list were ;
fui loughed, and those on the leave list were re- .
1 tired ; and it is all nonsense to say that they were |
subject to any orders. I know that President •
Pierce, to break the fall of Commodore Stewart, ;
retained him in command of a navy-yard on
shoie.
Mr. IVERSON. I can give the Senatoranother '
case. Commodore Smith was put on the leave ;
list by the retiring board, but was kept in service
and assigned to special duty at the head of the ,
bureau of yaidsand docks.
Mr. PUGH. That is very true. Commodore
Smith discharged the arduous duties of an officer
on shore, and i suppose he would have been kept ■
at that business anyhow. We understand this ,
matter of buieau service. I
Mr. IVERSON. 1 can give the Senatoranother j
case—Lieutenant Mauiy, of the Observatory. !
Mr. PUGH. We understand Lieutenant ;j
! Maury's case too. Officers of the Army or Navy
i I who serve in Washington city get ten hundred
times more consideration than the most gallant
and meritorious officers in battle. Their arduous
campaigns in lobbying members of Congress and
the Executive are far more important than wounds
in battle. I say again, the great class of these offi-
cers were subject to no orders, and rendered no ser-
vice during all the period of time for which this
amendment proposes to pay them. They came
here, having been condemned by the judgment of
their peers, and implored us to give them a new-
hearing. We gave it to them. Some of them got
back to the active list, some on the furlough.list.
I suppose there was a general commiseration for
them and their families, and about three fourths
of them were let back; and now the sequence
comes; we are to pay them back pay, for that is
the whole of it—back pay during the time they
rendered the Government no service in any ca-
pacity. The naval retiring board was intended
to be a great reform; I recollect the speeches>par-
ticularly my friend from Florida; but the amount
of it all has been to make the Navy ten times
worse than it was before; and it was bad enough
befoie to be a disgrace to any civilized nation.
Now, all these consequences come in, and in a
time of an empty Treasury you propose to give
these gentlemen double pay for services which
they never rendered. I think it is a shameful
and disgraceful piece of legislation. That is my
opinion of it. I am sorry to differ from my
friend from Georgia, with whom I generally
agree on questions as to the expenditures of
public money.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Iverson's amendment to the amend-
ment, resulted—yeas 34, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Allen, Cell, Benjamin, Broderick,
Brown, Chesnut, Clark, Chngman, CoHamer, Crittenden,
Drivn, Dooimle, Foot, Fnstei, Gre^n, Gwin, Hale, Ham-
mond, Harlan, Hunter, Iver«on, Johnson of Arkansas,
Joue^, IiaiH'. Mallorj, Mason, Rtoe, Seward, Shields, Sim-
mon*. Toombs, Wade, Ward, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Mexsrs. Clay, Fitzpatnck, Polk,Pugh, Reid,and
Stuart—6.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurring on the amendment
of Mr- MALLOny,as amended, the result was—
yeas 33, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Broderick, Ches-
nut, Clark. Clubman, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Doo-
huie, Fe-^enden, Foot, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hale, Ham-
lin, Hammond, Harlan. Iversori, Johnson of Arkansas,
Jones, Lane, Malloty, Peaice, Seward. Shields, Simmons,
Toombs, W.ide, Waid, and Wilson—33.
N\YS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay, Fitzpatrick; Polk, Pugh,
Reid, and Stuait—7.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to;
Mr. HAMMOND. I have some amendments
to offer under the instructions of the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I move to strike out from lines
eighty-nine to ninety-nine the items for navy*
yards in the following words:
" At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $10,000.
" At Boston, $15,000.
" At New Yoik, $20,000.
At Philadelphia, ,$15,000.
c' At Washington, $-10,000.
" At Noifolk, $2i),0u0.
"At PenKieota. §10,000.
At Mare island. California, $20,000.
" At Sackeit's Harbor, §1,000."
And in lieu thereof, to insert:
At Poitsmouth, New Hampshire, $50,000.
At Boston, §13,000.
At New York. $168,456 60.
At Philadelphia, $*15,000.
At Washington, $10,000.
At Norfolk,'$150,000.
At Pensacola, ,$75,000.
At Mare [stand, California, $200,000.
At Sackeu's Harbor, $1,000.
1 have a very short and plain statement to make
in reference to this report of the committee; but,
if the Senate is disposed to go into a discussion
of this matter, it would probably be better to ad-
journ. ["No, no!"] It will require but a few
minutes for me to state the views of the commit-
tee.
Mr SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
give way, I will move an adjournment. [" No,
no!"]
Mr. HUNTER. Let us get through with the
amendments of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. We shall not be able to get
through.
Mr. HUNTER. We had better sit a little after
