TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
twelve o'clock to-night, than all night to-rnor-
row.
Mr. HAMMOND. As what I have to say on
this matter is very short, perhaps I had better ex-
plain at once the views of the Naval Committee.
The House of Representatives appears to have
been determined to destroy all the navy-yards. I
do not know whether it would be in order for me
to say that the legislation of the House on this
subject soems to De a little wild. Perhaps they
expected it to be corrected by the graver action
of the Senate. The Naval Committee have thought
proper, under the present state of circumstances,
io adopt the views of the House as regards those
navy-yards which they think can be dispensed
with, and to increase the appropriations for those
navy-yards which they think should not be dis-
pensed with. They have, however, increased
them very moderately—far below the estimates
furnished by the Department; and, in the aggre-
gate, considerably below the amount reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House; and in order to show this, I will present
the following statement, which has been prepared
in regard to each navy-yard:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Estimated by the Nuvy Department,... $105,477 00
Amount reported by Committee of Ways and
Means  50,719 50
Amount agreed upon in House of ltepresenta-
uves..  10,000 00
Amount reported m Senate amendment  50,000 00
Ncio York.
Amount estimated for by Department $319,959 00
Amount reported by Committee of Ways and
Means .  168,456 60
Amount agreed upon in House of Representa-
tives      20,000 00
Amount reported in amendment  163,456 60
Norfolk.
Amountefttimated for by Department $-271,387 00
Amount reported by Committee ot Ways and
Means  198,324 10
Amount agreed upon in House ot Repiesenta-
t vea  20,000 00
Amount reported in amendment  150,000 00
Pensacola.
Amount estimated for by Department $310,425 10
Amount reported by Committee of Wnvs and
Means   109,282 50
Amount agreed upon in House of Represcnta-
tatives    10,000 00
Amount reported in amendment...  75,000 00
Mare Islands California.
Amount estimated for by Department........ .$403,350 00
Amount reported by Committee of Ways and
Means  230,310 00
Amount agreed upon-in House of Representa-
tive!*  20,000 00
Amount reported in amendment  200,000 00
As regards all the other navy-yards—Sackett's
Harbor, Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington
—the committee agree to what has been done by
the House.
Mr. SEWARD. What was the estimate for
the navy-yard at Sackett's Harbor?
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not know. I have
not the estimate before me. The result is, that
the Naval Committee, agreeing with the House
as to certain yards, have only reported for those
places enough to keep them alive for another yeai,
with the intention of ultimately destroying them.
I will say further, partly for the committee and
partly for myself, tnat we have too many navy-
yards, and even with the amendment now reported
•we shall be supporting too many navy-yards.
One navy-yard, properly located, no matter where,
on the Atlantic coast, is sufficient for the Atlantic
coast; one navy-yard on the Gulf is sufficient for
the Gulf; and one navy-yard on the Pacific is
sufficient for the Pacific; but it is impossible to
carry so great a reform all at once, and the com-
mittee have agreed to recommend a reform to this !
extent. !
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to the amend- i
mont of my friend from South Carolina until I !
ean be informed on one important point. That ;
honorable Senator has told us what were the es- '
timates of the Departments. That is not a good I
rule for public expenditure. He has told us what ;
were the estimates of the Committee of Ways and ,
Means of the House of Representatives. That I
is not a good rule for public expenditure. He [
has told us what was the vote of the House of :
Representatives. That is a good rule for expend- ;
iture, in the absence of better information. He j
has told us, further, what was the action of the !
Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate. That |
is not a good rule. But he has failed to show us j
that one more dollar is necessary than the House l
have appropriated. He has not shown that the
public service does require one additional one
hundred cents more than the House of Repre-
sentatives have said it is proper to appropriate."
I have heard his statement. It is clear; it is dis-
tinct. I think I have stated all his points. The
fact that the Navy Dfljfrrtment asked more, and
that the Committee oWv ays and Means reduced
their estimates, and that the House did not con-
cui^vith that committee, and that our committee
has raised it, does not give any basis for the ap-
propriation of public money. I think before we
alter the appropriations made by the House of
Representatives, who are charged by our Con-
stitution with the function of raising' money, to
whom the purse is mainly confided, we ought to
have some better reason than the fact that the
Department estimated for more, and that the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
allowed more, and that our committee have al-
lowed more. It is not shown that another dollar
is nccessary.
The honorable Senator says they have allowed
$168,000 to New York. What for? He has not
shown wherein it is necessary. He has not told
us how many buildings they are to put up; how
many gravel walks they are to make; how many
trees they are to set out. That is what this money
is used for. We all know that it does not build
a ship; it does not drive it fmil into a single pub-
lic vessel. It does nothing except contribute to
the comfort or the pleasure of the officers who are
stationed at the navy-yards. The House of Rep-
resentatives have not been as liberal in that re-
spect as heretofore; but I think quite as liberal as
they ought to be. It is a general impression in
this country, and in my judgment well founded,
that this fund which is appropriated to our navy-
y.ards, ndt being used to maintain our strength
upon the ocean, not being in ships, is an abuse.
I think this money being exclusively under the
control of the executive department, has been
expended for other purposes than the public ben-
efit, and, therefore, ( am not inclined to vote an
additional dollar beyond what the Representatives
of the people have allowed, unless my friend
from South Carolina can show me the public ne-
cessity for it. He has made his financial exhibit;
he has presented his budget; but he has not of-
fered a single reason why we should raise the esti-
mates, except that the committees and the Depart-
ments have allowed more than the Representatives
of the people. I will stand by the Representatives
of the people against him until he gives us a bet-
ter reason.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume that, in legislat-
ing for any department of the Government, this
body will not undertake to go into the expendi-
ture and reasons for every dollar. If that were
done in every case, the sessions of Congress
would last from one end of the year to the other.
But the estimates are sent to every member of the
body, showing the application proposed to be
made of the money appropriated. That will be
seen, in this case, by referring to pages 223, 224,
225, and 226, of the estimates for the next fiscal
year. I will read one of them to show the details
to which this money will be applied. The com-
mittee have recommended an increase of appro-
priation for the navy-yard at Mare Island, and,
1 believe, that does not come up to the estimate
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House; and that committee must have gone over
these estimates carefully. 1 find in the estimates
for that yard:
" For completing machine and boiler shops, $100,000."
It is known that we are establishing, upon the
Pacific, a navy-yard, having purchased an entire
island; and that will be a building yard, and a
yard for the construction of machinery for steam-
ships also. It is a matter of very slow growth.
The policy of the country is not to create such an
establishment in one year, but to let it run
through many years, giving small appropriations
annually. It appears here that $100,000 is re-
quired to complete these machine and boiler shops
which have been going on for three years. Let
me give the other items:
For continuing quay wall $50,000
For grading    35,000
For artesian well   12}000
Towurds rnuehmeiy for new shops  60,000
For storehouse No. 43  80,000
For blacksmiths' shop  30,-150
For houses No9. 7, 9, 11, aad 13...,  5,000
These, I presume, are spar sheds, sail lofts,
paint shops, boat sheds, &c.:
For pi tch-house    ......  $500
For steam boxes '. 2,000
These are necessary in the repair of vessels,
putting plank on their bottoms, &c.:
For mold loft No. 36    $5,400
For coopers' shop and tarik shed   3,000
For repairs of all kinds 20,000
These are all the estimates for that yard. The
details are siniilar for all the yards.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the aggregate ?
Mr. MALLORY. The aggregate for the yard
at Mare Island is $403,350. The Committee of
Ways and Means reduced that to $200,000. The
details of the appropriations for ail the yards Will
be found in the estimates.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator read an estimate
of $100,000 for completing some building. How
much has been spent on that building already?
Mr. MALLORY. For completing machine
and boiler shops?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 do not know.
Mr. POLK. This is $100,000 to complete
them ?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume it is to establish
a machine shop; but I suppose it will cost more
to keep it up.
Mr. POLK. Is it there where an artesian well
is t
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMMOND. In reply to the Senator
from Georgia, I will simply say that it is impos-
sible, in the way legislation is conducted here at
this late hour of the session, to go into all the
details of any sort of business as you would into
a law case. We have to take things with a cer-
tain understanding and a certain faith. We have
a Government; Wfc have officers into whose hands
the various functions of Government have been
placed; and, in those officers, we must put a cer-
tain amount of confidence. It will not do for Con-
gress, because there has been a panic among the
financial men of the country, to have a panic
here. Statesmen must be above such things as
that. We are not to abdicate the functions of
Government and revolutionize all. our affairs ac-
cording to the prices-current. There are certain
things that Governments must do, whether they
have money in their Treasury or not, or else they
must abandon all pretensions to be a Govern-
ment, dissolve, and disperse.
Now, sir, the Naval Committee have taken the
estimates of the regular organized Departments
of this Government. We have taken what they
said was requisite to carry on this branch of the
public service. We have taken the estimates of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives, who are authorized to raise
the ways and means for the support of thisGov-
ernmenund we recommend to the Senate to pass
appropflfcions below their mark. If the House
of Representatives, or any other body, or the Sen-
ator from Georgia, from whatever motive, how-
ever influenced by the panic influences of the
times, shall come in and require us to abandon
everything, to destroy our navy-yards, to break
up our Government, because there has been a
financial crisis, I think the S&nate should stand
between them and regular Government. It was
the purpose for which the Senate was framed.
We are the conservative body. If the Naval Com-
mittee of the Senate makes recommendations that
are below the estimates of the regular organized
and responsible Departments of the Government,
below the estimates of the regular organized re-
sponsible committees for raising the ways and
means of this Government, I say that should be *
enough to satisfy the Senate.
Idonotgomto particulars; I am not acquainted
with the particulars. The Senator from Georgia
is not acquainted with the particulars. 1 do not
turn upon him to prove a negative. He asks me
to prove that these things are necessary by spe-
cialty. I do not know that they are. He cannot
prove that they are not. He cannot show that
they are not wanting; that they are not necessary.
I do not go into that. He has no right to demand
of me to go into that; but, if he does, I demand of
him to go into it, and show, in every particular,
that these appropriations are not necessary. As
I have said, we must take something on faith,
and place, at least, some confidence in our pub-
