1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
commerce, as well as from the uses to which the
Government would apply it, that I considered the
Government ought to give bat one portion of the
sum that would build it. Neither is it simply
for military purposes; the Government has other
uses for it.
Then as to the istfimus routes and the ocean
route around the Cape. In tittie of peace, these
are available to us; but is there a Senator here
whose intelligence will permitfchim to say that, if
we were engaged in a war with a maritime Power,
those routes would remain open to us before we
constructed a navy to sweep the seas? Is it not
known to every one that the smallest character
of war vessel lying sheltered in some port, would
bide her time, cut off your transports, cut off
your mail vessels, and it would only be in such
fleets of transports as 'were covered by armed
vessels of the United States, sufficient to protect
them, that there would be the least safety in sail-
ing down the coast. Then, sir, in time of war,
how are we to keen up our connection, how are
we to have the mere correspondence which the
Government requires? J know of no method that
exists in the present condition of the country. If
art and sciencc hereafter shall contribute to make
that fertile which is now sterile, and population
continuous from end to end shall exist upon the
route, it may then be possible by the old and
slower modes of travel to accomplish the object
even without a railroad. In its present condition,
I say it is not.
  The Senator is one of a number of those who
have seen fit not merely to be grappling with the
subject in its physical difficulty, or its legal or its
. constitutional difficulty, but who seem disposed
to press their opinion by arraigning the opinions
of others as though they were SirOracleat whom
no man should baik. We heard yesterday that
States and Territories stood upon the same plat-
form in this relation, if the States would but con-
sent to allow roads to be run within their limits.
Is this so? This isrbut a new phase of that doc-
trince of squatter sovereignty which, from the
time I first took my seat in the Senate, I have been
0 battling with and intend to oppose to the end of
time. Is it true that the Federal Governmerg, can
walk within the limits of a sovereign State and
there take land and exercise jurisdiction as within
a Territory? Is it true that the rcsti ictions of the
Constitution limiting them simply to the construc-
tion of forts, arsenals and dock-yards, and that
by the consent of the Stare, mean thatby the con-
sent of a State they may do anything within its
limits? If so, why enumerate the objects? Why
narrow them down to special things, and those
things such as were known to be most usually
necessary? Can the United States o"wn a tract of
country across a State, and there build upon it a
railroad ? I hold that they have no power under
the Constitution to acquire it, and the consent of
the State can give them none. Can the Govern-
ment of the United States create a corporation and
send this artificial person to exist within the lim-
its of a State? I, and those from whom I have
drawn my political opinions, have too long held
the reverse to make it necessary to argue it now.
That question came up distinctly upon the old
United States Bank; it has been decided by the
people; it is needless for me to reargue it.
Then, sir, I say there is a broad distinction.
The grants of the Constitution.restrict the Gov-
ernment to special purposes. If they attempt to
hold land within the limits of the States, even for
those specific and most needful purposes enu-
merated in the Constitution, they are required
first to get the consent of the States. I say, then,
the consent of a State can give no power to the
Federal Government which it could exercise for
the construction of a railroad within the limits of
a State. It might be very convenient as a means
of militaiy defense; it might be necessary as a
means of military defence; and still I say this
Government has no power, even when you prove
the necessity to exist, to invade the limits of a
sovereign State, there to set up its artificial crea-
ture, and exercise a jurisdiction which the Con-,
stitution does not give. Over the Territories I
hold the case to be widely different. The first
Territory we hold, the Northwest Territory, was
derived from a State by the grant of a State. Then
Georgia gave the wide domain of the southwest
territory. The United States received those Ter-
ritories from a sovereign power, holding entire
jurisdiction and control oyer them. The United
States took, by the grant, just so much as it was
capable for the United States to receive, not all
which the'States possessed, because the Federal
Government was not a reservoir into which sov-
ereign powers could be poured. They took only
so much as it was within the capacity of the Fed-
eral Government to hold; so much as is consist-
ent with the grapts and limitations of the Con-
stitution. Within that limit, I say, they hold
powers in a Territory which they could not pos-
sess within the limits of a State. Therefore my
opinion is, that we may exercise the power to
construct a railroad as we do other roads within
the limits of a Territory, without thence deriving
the power to do the same thing within the limits
of a State.
Welcome to the discussions of the Senate those
extremes of stin.tconstruction which have been
exhibited on this biil. We heaid it announced
yesterday that you could not give a dollar for such
a purpose; and yet, sir, there has not been a Con-
gress from the foundation of the Government that
has not appropriated money to build military roads^
in theTerritories; there has not been a President
who has not signed such bills. My colleague, who
made the argument yesterday, and who I do not
now see, must himself repeatedly have voted such
appropiiations to build military roads within the
Territories of the United States. Wc are now
doing it. As the day goes on, the work progresses
under appropriations made at the last session.
Standing behind this shelter of every Congress
which has been held under the Constitution, of
every President who has executed the laws of the
land, even behind the votes of my colleague him-
self, I feel somewhat secure m asserting that there
is a distinction between the power to construct
roads within a State and within a Territory, and
that there is a power recognized and fixed in the
Federal Government to construct roads within
the Territories of the United States. The exer-
cise of this, of course, must he within discretion
It is possible for a corrupt Government to say,
for a corrupt man to say, " I wish to build this
road for military P  rposes," when really he does
not desire it for that end; but it is a low suspicion
which assumes that this will be the means by
which we shall get appropriations to effect tliat
which it is not lually the desire of those who seek
them to attain.
In Mississippi, roads were constructed when
we were a Territory, by the Federal Government.
Nay. more than that, when we became a State,
by contract with the United States, we reserved
a certain percentage on the lands to be sold within
the State, for the construction of roads. Tins was
after we had become a sovereign; and we have
been anrtualiy deuvmj that percentage from the
sale of the public lands, for the construction of
roads and otlierinternal improvements within the
limits of the State. In the war of 1812, General
Jackson, to whom my honored fnend from Rhode
Island, though a political opponent, made such
handsome reference, constructed several roads
from Tennessee to the lower part of Louisiana.
Pie even built a great work across a bayou, which
had been once the main channel of navigation by
the Spaniards, who early came to that Territory,
and thus closed a channel which it has been from
time to time the effort of cei tain interests to cause
to be reopened. Roads were cut through the wil-
derness, roads were built m the populated coun-
try; they were built for the purposes nf the Gov-
ernment, in the defense of one of its commercial
cities.
We arc told, however, by another Senator who
spoke yesterday, the Senator from North Carolina,
[i\lr. Ueid,] that he cannot consent, upon a vague
supposition of necessity, to allow the Government
to appiopriate its Treasury-to the construction of
a railroad. Noi would I; but that vague supposi-
tion which is described is exactly the .supposition
on which the Senator will vote this year, as he
did last, to construct and maintain a Navy, to
construct and maintain fortifications, arsenals,
dock-yards, and other public works. We build
ships-of-Wcir, not because wai was declared yes-
terday, not because war will be declared to-mor-
row, but becauso it is a supposable case that they
will be needful for the public defense. Wc con-
struct fortifications, nothccause we have a par-
ticular war in view, butfflecause they are needful
whenever war may occur. It has been demon-
strated, upon estimates which have not yet been
questioned by any one competent to revise them,
that the construction of the needful fortifications
and store-houses, the,maintenance of the garri-
sons, and munitions necessary for the defense of
the Pacific coast, would cost many fold times the
sum which would construct the proposed railroad
across the continent".
Mr. REID. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. REID. The Senator has just stated that
there isa direct grant of powerforthose things in
the Constitution. For the other, there is none.
That is the difference.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no directgrant of power
in the Constitution to build ships,no directgrant
of power to build fortifications.
Mr. REID. There is a direct grant to construct
forts. I allude to the clause with reference to juris-
diction over places purchased for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a,reference to it, not a
direct grant of the power.
Mr. REID. If the power were not conferred,
how could it be possible that the framers of the
Constitution would assert its existence? Would
they extend the jurisdiction of the Government
overa thing which they did notconferon theGov-
ernmcnt the power to do? .
Mr. DAVIS. The power is conferred, I an-
swer my friend from North Carolina, but not con-
ferred as he supposes in a specific grant; it is
conferred in the power to maintain an Army and
Navy; it is conferred in the obligation to provide
for the common defense. There is no specific
grant of power, I say, to build forts or to build
ships. The specific grant to which the Senator
refers, is the power to take, by the consent of a
State, jurisdiction of the site on which a fort may
be built.
Mr. REID. That power is shown to exist in
the Constitution by the fact that its language gives
the Federal Government a control over the sub-
ject. The express recognition of the power is as
conclusive as an express grant.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend must see that the
frameis of the Constitution were not conferring,
as one of the means of providing for the common
defense, specifically the power to build a fort.
The jealousy was not as to the fort; the jealousy
was as to the exercise of Federal jurisdiction
within the limits of a State; the jealousy was as
-to permitting the General Government to become
*a land-holder within a State.
Mr. REID. I understand the Senator to say
that the Fedeigil Government has not the right to
construct a railroad in a State. I maintain that the
Federal Government has not the right either to
construct itself, or to employ another to construct,
a railroad within the limits of the States of the
Union; that is the position I maintain.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very glad, then, to have
misunderstood the Senator, and to find that we
agree. I was going on to say that the means
which necessarily belong to a grant of power, fol-
low m its train. It was not necessary for the
framers of the Constitution to say, when they
gave to Congress authority to maintain an army,
that they should also have authority to furnish
them with boots and shoes, with coats and hats.
These followed as consequences; common s<*nse
pointed to them as necessary incidents; therefore
they are not enumerated.
Bur. we were told yesterday, in the course of the
debate, by one of those with whom it is generally
my pride so fully to concur, that the frameis of
our Government never contemplated the building
of railroads by the United States. I concede that,
if there is any force in it; and, if it were asserted
now that the framers of our Constitution never
contemplated the plowing of the vast rivers of this
continent by steamships, it would be another truth ;
but I do not see what relation it has to the sub-
ject. They did not anticipate steam as a motive
power; they did not know that our rivers weie
thus to be navigated; they did not know that our
plains were thus to be traversed; but it was part
of their wisdom; it bears almost the stamp of in-
spiration, that they used ouch general language
tib is iouud iu the Constitution it*e If, applicable
to every necessity of the Government from that
time to this, yet so specific tkat the fnenJs of
strict constructing* have always stood behind their
language as an impenetrable barrier.
