1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
Committee or the revolution proposed by the
House of Representatives—a revolution which is
certain to be followed by a reaction that will
bring all the navy-yards up again with all their
abuses. Being on the floor, if the Senate are not
ready to come to a vote, I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will dome
to a vote. I will barely say that, inasmuch as
the reductions have been very large, even after
the amendments of the Naval Committee shall be
adopted, as they have reduced the appropriations
for the navy-yards more than one half below the
estimates, "I shall not consider myself so for
bound, by the report of the Finance Committee,
as not to vote with them in this matter. The re-
duction, then, will amount to nearly three million
dollars below the estimates.
Mr. BRODERICK. I think it is very evident
that we cannot reach a vote to-night. If the House
intends to revolutionize the Government, I think
it would be proper for us to adjourn and comc
here in the morning and take a vote in a full Sen-
ate, and dispose of this bill. I suppose it can be
disposed of in fifteen minutes to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. We can get a vote now.
Mr. BRODERICK. I think not. I want to
hear all of the amendments read and the bill lead,
for I must confess I do not know anything about ij
the bill before the Senate. i{
Mr. HAMMOND. I hope the Senator from |!
California will allow me to qualify a remark which '!
he attributes to me. ij
Mr. BRODERICK. Certainly. j)
Mr. HAMMOND. I was speaking of this |
particular bill, I said it was a revolution m the i;
Navy, not in the Government.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, that is what I
meant. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. Half an hour now is worth four
in the morning;.
Mr. BRODERICK called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bell, Broderick, Chandlor, Crit-
tenden, D«oUttle, Hale, Hamlin, Hailan, King, Pugh, Sim-
mons. and Wade—13.
nays—jYIc^sjs. Bayard, Bigler, Chesnut, Clark, Clay,
Ohngiuan. Davis, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Fostei,
§rren,Gwm, Hammond, Hunter, Iver on, Lane, Mallory, j
Polk, Iteid, liice, StuArt, Toombs, Watd, and Wilson—25.
So the Senate refused to adjourn at fifteen min-
utes past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered. • j
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know if the !
amendment is subject to division ? i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair j
thinks it is. 1
$Ir. HAMMOND. I hope it will be divided, \
if that will accommodate gentlemen better. |
Mr. SIMMONS. I am willing to vote an ap- ;
propriation for the California navy-yard; but s
there are some of them I should like to vote i
against.
Mr. HAMMOND.
The whole amendment is
Well, I shall not call for a
a system.
Mr. SIMMONS.
division.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Urodeuek, Ches-
nut, Clark, Davi<, Fes^eiiden. Fitzpatnck, Green, (>wiii,
Hale, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson. Lane, Mailotv, liice,
Simmons, ami Ward—20.
NAYS—Mes-srs. i5i Ier, Chandler, Clay, Clmynian, Cut-
tenden, Dophttle, Dougla*. Foo", Foster, Harlan,, Johnson
of Tennessee, King, Polk, Pugh. Read, Stuart, Toombs,
Wade, and Wilson- 19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODERICK. I give notice that I intend
to move a reconsideration of this amendment to-
morrow.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I move to amend the bill
by inserting, after line fifty-six: !j
•Anil provided nlso< Tliat of said sum of $896,000, the Sec- \ \
retaiy of the Navy bo duccted to pay to Captain Hiram
Paulding a .sum sufficient to indemnify Imn for, and on ao- ,1
count ot. all nece^arv and reasonable co«t-, expenses, at- !.
tornevs' and counsel iee«, and ail other necos>ar.\ and u-a- j j
sonalile disbursement*, bj rea-oirof any^uH or suit.--, action ;j
or actions, prosecuted or to be pioseeuteil against iiim. by i|
reason ot the capture and aiK'-t of General William Walker ff
and his command, in December, A. D. 1857; the Govern- ' i
merit of the United States hereby assuming the defense of
Commodore Paulding against all prosecutions for that act.
Mr. PUGH. Is not that a private claim? I
object to it on a point of order.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will explain it.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it come from any com-
mittee ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to take up
the time of the Senate in discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Virginia to ask if the
amendment is authorized by* a committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not; but it does not
appropriate, any money. It is a simple proviso,
•which has reference to money already appropri-
ated.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order,
first, because it is reported from no committee;
and, second, it seems to me to be a private claim
to indemnify'a private individual against prose-
cutions for unascertained damages.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Chair
heard the amendment read, he thinks it simply
directs the manner in which money appropriated
by the bill shall be applied; and it is therefore in
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I have said, I do not
desire to take up the time of the Senate in the dis-
cussion of this question, and I hope it will not
give rise to any extended debate. Whatever may
be our views of certain questions of law, nobody
here entertains a doubt that Commodore Paulding
acted m the most perfect good faith; and 1 think
the Senate will at once agree to this amendment.
I do not think it is necessary to discuss the ques-
tion. I hope there will be no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw this amendment. We ought not to be pro-
tecting public officers against alleged illegal con-
duct towards a citizen until theie has been atrial
at law, and then let Congress determine according
to the circumstances of the case. I contended for
the same principle the other day in regard to the
Post Office Department. In such a case, we should
Jet the trial go on. It is wrong for the legislative
department to determine such a question in ad-
vance.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (at half past twelve
o'clock.) I move that the Senate now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 21.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
[" No!" " No!"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PUGII. This pioposition, as the Senator
from Geoigia says, is to indemnify an officer, in
advance of his trial, for seizing a number of Amer-
ican citizens abroad. 1 heard, the other day, a
very loud denunciation in this Chamber against
the bill which proposed to authorize the President
of the United States to use the Navy for the pro-
tection of the Isthmus routes against certain pi-
rates, but I am now assured that he already has
the power to send the Navy to Central America
for the purpose of arresting certain gentlemen who
are styled by some " pirates." If the President
of the United States can authorize Commodore
Paulding to do what has been done, it is a far
more outrageous abu^e of Executive power than
was assumed by the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. I desire to have gen-
tlemen's votps on the record. In my opinion,
Commodore Paulding violated the law; he ought
to have been tried for it; and if he has been sued
at law, I hope the parties will recover damages.
Then, if he shows us that his action has been in
accordance with the oiders of his superior.?, I will
vote to indemnify him personally; but I hope
there will be some manner of calling his superiors
to account.
Mr. BAYARD. I mean to express no opinion
on the merits of the case of Commodore Pauld-
ing; but I confess I cannot see why we should
put such a provision m this bill in advance of the
determination of any suits against him. The
obligation of the Government to pay where its
officer has been sued for an act done in the per-
formance of his duty, must depend upon the facts j
of the case after the verdict is rendered against j
him. We have no right to i*ssumo that he will j
be held liable. We ought not to prejudge the |
question. Although the cause of action of the in-
dividual might arise from a default or overstepping
the line of duty by an officer, still there might be
equitable circumstances to induce Congress to
give relief in the case; but I cannot see the pro-
priety of entering into this investigation, and
placing a provision on an appropriation bill for any
purpose of that kind, ft looks to me more in the
nature of a private claim. There is no general
obligation under the law of nations for a Gov-
ernment to defend suits against its officers in the
performance of their functions, because the fact
whether they are rightly performed, or whether
the officer has transcended his duty, must determ-
ine the question of liability on any legal princi-
ple. It seems to me this is nothing more in its
character than anticipating what may or may not
become a just and valid private claim against the
Government hereafter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word. I shall vote
against the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, because I think it is
altogether improper to put it in this place. I do
not think, when we have got to this period of the
session, and at this time of the night, that every
Senator is entitled to stick his one idea upon an
appropriation bill. I have been opposed to that
always; I am opposed to it now. I think some
regard ought to be had to those of us who are
staying here trying to do the public business. It
is perfectly manifest that this proposition cannot
succeed; it is useless to attempt to make it suc-
ceed under such circumstances as those by which
we are surrounded. I shall vote against it, though
I have been in favor of Commodore Paulding from
the beginning.
Mr. KING. I shall vote for this amendment.
I regard the case of Commodore Paulding as one
in which the facts are sufficiently known to the
public, and satisfactorily known to me already,
to justify his conduct. He was acting under the
direction and the orders of his Government. In
my judgment, he did simply his duty. He did
no more than would have been his duty if he had
] had no orders. It is, therefore, an exception to
! the general rule of refusing, in anticipation of a
knowledge of the facts, to determine to defend
officers who may be sued by private citizens.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not offer this amend-
ment for the purpose of entering upon a discus-
sion of it, nor to provoke any extended debate as
to the conduct of Commodore Paulding, or upon
the propriety of such a provision being placed in
this bill at this time. I had hoped that this mat-
ter would be passed upon without drawing out-
any discussion. The clause to which I have pro-
posed to add this amendment, is a clause provid-
ing for contingent expenses, and containing very
many miscellaneous provisions, and some of them
in reference to the pay of judges-advocate and law
expenses. I did not suppose there was anything
improper in this proviso being added to this bill,
so as to obtain the sense of the Senate. If, how-
ever, the judgment of the Senate be that it is im-
proper to place such a provision on this appropri-
ation bill now, I have no desire to press it here.
I did not know but that the Senate could just as
well express its opinion on this question by vot-
ing on the amendment to this appropriation bill.
Mr HUNTER. Does the Senator withdraw
his amendment? I hope he will do so, or let us
take a vote. It is nearly one o'clock. I think we
can soon get through with the bill if he will with-
draw his amenement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin withdraw his amendment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will, under the circum-
stances, withdraw the amendment, for the pur-
pose of letting a vote be taken on the bill.
Mr. HALE. I propose to offer a simple, prac-
tical amendment, to add as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That no further promotion to
the rank of captain in the Navy of the United States shall
be made until the number m commis&ion shall be reduced
to fifty.
I have but a word £o say. We have now on
the Navy list, one hundred and one captains on
the reserved list, twenty on leave and furlough,
only one of whom is on duty—Commodore Stew-
art; and on th£ active list eighty-one, and of
those only seventeen are doing sea service, and
that is more than the average. There are forty-
two waiting orders," and the rest of them are
on navy-yard duty, &c. If you were to go to the
