1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
estimates to particular objects, but if you give
$168,000 without specifying to what purpose it
shall be applied, the Department can use all the
money for a particular object that may not have
been agreeable to Congress. If money is neces-
sary, it ought not to be voted in this way.
Mr. MALLORY. I find that the estimates for
the New York yard amount to $319,000, divided
in this wise 
Let us vote.
Well, if you do not want
Several Senators.
Mr. MALLORY.
the estimates 
Several Senators.
Mr. MALLORY
Oh, no; let us vote.
The money is to be us«d
for brass founderies, machine-shops, ways,&'c.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Broderick, Chesnut,
Davis, Fitzpa trick, Green, Gwin, Hale, Hunter, Iversnn,
Lane. Mallory, Rice, and Ward—15.
MAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Clark, Clay, Olingman, Critten-
den, Donlittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Ham-
mond, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Polk, Push,
Reid, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken. ["Not now."] Well, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 11, noes 25.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from South Carolina
has no right to move a reconsideration. He did
not vote in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina did vote in the negative.
The question is, will the Senate reconsider the
vote by which the amendment last read was re-
jected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. "I very seldom raise
questions of order, but I wish to have your opin-
ion, sir, whether this motion for reconsideration
is now in order?
The PRESIDING OFFiCER. The Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr. HAMMOND. I withdraw my motion to
reconsider, with a view to let the Senator from
Missourisfliake another motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Senator from South Carolina will
have leave to withdraw his motion to reconsider.
*Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair
must put the question'on the reconsideration.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 shall be compelled to vote
against the whole amendment for navy-yards, if
you reject the appropriation for New York. I
understand the report of the Naval Committee—
and I am not willing to pay more weight and def-
erence to reports of committees than I think they
are justly entitled to. The basis on which they
have recommended the increased appropriations
is, that the House appropriations are merely nom-
inal; and it is in contemplation that those navy-
yards for which the committee propose no appro-
priation shall be abandoned. Now, sir, I believe
the navy-yard at New York is essential to the
public service, and I think, therefore, the appro-
priation must be made. I do not look to the ques-
tion of abuse; I do not know what the circum-
stances are; I have not investigated ihem; but I
think it no reason, because abuses may have oc-
curred in past appropriations, to refuse proper and
necessary appropriations for the future. Remedy
those abuses; punish the offenders; expose them
if you will; butif the navy-yard is aproper struc-
ture connected with the wants of the Government
fcr the establishment and repair of a Navy, then
I think you ought not to withhold the proper ap-
propriations to maintain it, because a former ap-
propriation may have been abused. I do not con-
sider that course justifiable.
I look upon the amendment of the committee
as a whole; and if it is not to pass, we had better
take the bill of the House as it comes to us, and
abandon all the navy-yards. I understand the
effect of the House bill to be, that although you
have appropriated laj-ge sums for the repairs of
your Navy, the navy-yards cannot be put in a
condition to make the repairs on account of the
smallness of the appropriations for the navy-
yards. If they can, let the Houss bill stand. 1
am disposed to economize. Are these not neces-
sary and proper appropriations? The committee
who have charge of this subject tell us they are;
and they select four ports as appropriate stations
for navy-yards, and omit others not necessary
I have no doubt we have too many navy-yards, i
I rather incline to the opinion, that the intimation '
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina is 1
correct, that two navy-yards in this country are
sufficient—one on the Atlantic and one on the
Pacific coast—for all the purposes of the Govern-
ment; and I should be disposed, at the proper
time, to go for a reform of that kind, to abolish
them all, except two navy-yards. But while
they subsist as they do now—and we have ex-
pended large sums of money on them; until Con-
gress deliberately takes action to abolish them,
these are important points. The navy-yard at
New York has resouices for the repair of vessels
that probably no othet' navy-yard has. If it does
not involve the question of the abandonment of
all these yards for the time being for the purpose
of the repair of vessels, I would rather adhere to
the bill of the House. If we cannot confide m
the report of our committee as a whole, I am dis-
posed to go against the whole amendment,
Mr. KING. I was opposed to the entire
amendment of the Senator from South Carolina,
and so voted. I voted against it as a whole,and
I shall vote against each separate branch of it. I
shall make no exception on account of this appro-
priation being for the State from which I come.
I believe, from the evidence before the public,
that there have been most gross abuses in these
navy-yards, and I believe a rebuke by the action
of Congress is called for. I am willing to admin-
ister it; and I have no apprehension that in the
future any injustice will be done to any of these
localities, or that the public interest will suffer
from their being put on a bare living allowance;
and for that reason I vote for the lowest appro-
priations. I have felt called upon to make this re-
mark, as the only one which has been negatived
has been the appropriation for the navy-yard in
the State from which I come. I am not disposed
to' make an exception of that. I think they
should all stand on the same footing, and -my
vote shall be in accordance with my opinion of
the whole.
Mr. DAVIS. We hear repeated, time after
time, the great abuses, and, I suppose, most re-
peated by those who, like myself, have read none
of the evidence in the case. 1 do not believe a
tithe of what has been asserted; and if it were all
true, what wisdom is there in this mode of legis-
lation—instead of warring upon the abuses, or
upon those who have committed them, to war
upon the Government itself? It is stnking-off ap-
propriations which are needful at the navy-yards
to maintain your Navy afloat. A vessel comes
in from sea with her masts shattered, or her hull
injured, or her sails gone, and you refuse to make
an appropriation of money for the yard at the
place where, above all others, she is likely to go
in order that she may be repaired, again to be
ready for sea. It is not a war upon anybody
who has done wrong, but it strikes at the efficiency
of your Government, and humbles the power of
the United States in the face of the civilized world.
If there is a criminal responsible, why not arraign
him and still preserve your Government as it de-
volves upon the Congress to do ? If the agent is
faithless, let him be dismissed from tlje public
service; let the Republic suffer no detrimental
the hands of Congress. I have voted for every
amendment which the Naval Committee have
presented as necessary to providp for the effi-
ciency of the naval service, and I have done it
upon the principle of performing the public duty
which devolves on me here, and by such light as
those who are charged with the investigation
have brought to my assistance.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have but a single word
to say in answer to the Senator from New York
and the Senators on the other side. I have not
pretended to go into the specialties and the par-
ticularities of the expenditures of the Navy De-
partment. From my experience and observation,
no member of the Senate is prepared to do it.
While some members may present facts, and
others may rebut them, I do not think we know
all about the subject—any of us. If the Senator
from New York desires to pass the House bill,
or if he desires to pass a bill without any appro-
priations for navy-yards at all; if he wishes to
break up the Government in toto> I do not know
that I would gainsay it; but while we have a
Government we must have a navy; and while we
have a Navy Department we must have navy-
yards; and in the opinion of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, certairt yards are entitled to certain
appropriations, and I go for them as a whole. If
the Senate chooses to reject any one of them, I
shall then g'o for rejecting the whole of them, and
come down to the House appropriations, which
amount to nothing.
Mr. WADE. I do not think we are gaining
anything by staying here until this hour. We
may sit here until morning; buti'f we do, we shall
do nothing to-morrow. It is impossible that we
can continue here until our time expires; and as
we are gaining nothing, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 9, noes 35.
Mr. KING. I know that the Senate is impatient
for a vote, and I am myself. I was disposed to
content myself on this occasion with a silent vote,
which I usually give on all questions. I deemed
it proper, however, that I should assign my rea-
sons for voting against the amendment, as the State
from which I come was singled out in this mat-
ter, and I simply rose to say that that would not
make any difference with me. The reason of my
vote applied to all the yards; and I said I would
vote against them altogether, or separately, as
they might be presented. Nor do I believe any
revolution will follow from the adoption of the bill
as it came from the House £>f Representatives,
either in the Navy or in the Government; nor do
I believe that the public interests will suffer from
putting these navy-yards upon a bare living al-
lowance; nor do T believe they will go down. I
think they will stand; but when next November
comes they will not be able, unless they misapply
other funds, to commit the mischief which, in my
judgment, some of them did commit last Novem-
ber. I think it a practice that calls for some un-
usual expression of Congress upon it. Gentlemen
talk about our striking at those who have com-
mitted these offenses. The Constitution of the
country places the officers of this Government in
their places for a certain term of time, and there
is no practicable mode of reaching the men who
are, perhaps, responsible for these abuses; or if
there is, it is in another branch of Congress, not
in this. This is the only mode in which we can
express our opinions; and, for one, I am willing
to do it. If it creates some little inconvenience at
these yards, I am willing to do it at that expense;
because I believe a great good will come from
such a clear and distinct expression of Congress
on such transactions as have occurred.
I do not understand that these appropriations
are for the construction of ships or the repair 'of
vessels at all. They are appropriations for the
yards themselves, to keep them in repair, and
keep up their standing force. I shall be glad to
have a division, and have them all struck out, as
the Senator from South Carolina said it was in-
tended they should all go together. ■ I should be
glad to have the whole amendment fail in all its
branches.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take the ques-
tion. ["Question!" "(Question !"]
Mr. MALLORY. I know vary well that the
Senate are impatient for a vote. I have myself
voted three times for an adjournment. I came
here ill this morning, and shall probably be so to-
morrow, and be unfit for business then, if we stay
her# much longer to-night; but I shall not permit
the question to be taken without having it thor-
oughly investigated, so far as I am concerned.
Although very impatient for a vote, I think wo
ought to discuss it. I thinjt we ought to come to
^ a different conclusion from that to which theSen-
I ate seems disposed to come. The Senator from
New York may, perhaps, be better posted up in
these matters than I am; I would not pretend to
1 compare information with him. He ventures to
! say that he does not believe the public service
would suffer in the least by discontinuing this ap-
! propriation. He represents that navy-yard m
i part, and he ought to know that a vessel coming
I in from seahas a berth at the navy-yard; and that
; she cannot get that berth unless the dredging ma-
' chine is constantly going. They are constantly
dredging at the Brooklyn yard and the Philadel-
phia yard, and the river will constantly fill it up
if you withdraw the dredge. One of these very
items—$25,000—is for that dredging machine.
Here are items for sheers and blocks and ways
