1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ^
447
wise and statesmanlike to do eo; but surely the
proposition is now, for the first time, maintained,
that, under the war power of the General Govern-
ment, you may, without a threatened war, long
before you can anticipate the existence of hostil-
ities, enter into a State to build a road, as being
necessary for the defense of the State. I say that
if this power isonce conceded,_the entering-wedge
has been granted which will be made use of bf>
the advocates of corruption and profligate public
expenditure, and we shall see no end to the prop-
ositions before Congress to build railroads in the
States for the defense of the States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
Louisiana makes an argument upon a supposed^
case, and his argument rests upon the theory of
an abuse of the power to provide a Navy. Does
the Senator not remember, for he certainly does
know, that the laws exist, and he is surely to some
extent lesponsible for them, which do indirectly
the very thing which he has portrayed here as the
height of offending to which it was possible for
Congress to go ? What are the navigation laws
but the maintenance*of that very fleet of trans-
ports, engaged in time of peace in the business of
commerce, to be used in time of war? What is
the policy on which those laws were founded, and
how are they maintained to-day if it be not to pro-
vide for the wants of the country, and especially
for its routes in time of war? They have been
called a nursery of seamen; a means proper and
essential to the maintaining of a Navy; that we
should, by navigation laws, encourage the con-
struction and sailing of vessels upon our own
coast, giving them that benefit which would ex-
clude all foreign vessels from the same line of
trade. This may be what the Senator considers,
as in the case of the railroad grants for which he
voted, exactly what a prudent proprietor would
do; but prudent proprietors seldom have made
such grants as Congress has; and I think pru-
dence, if it be annexed to the character of a pro-
prietor taking a retrospective view, will show the
Senator that he has voted for many for wiich he
must find some other, foundation to justify him
than the one he has assumed. '
As to the compromise in relation to taxing pub-
lic lands within the limits of a State, it goes Jjptne-
what back of the theory of the Senator, anucon-
nects itself with the old system of sale upon credit
as well as upon the asserted right of the States to
tax. It is interwoven with practice as well as
theory—a practice much older than that to which
he refers. The reference which was made to it
by me was to show the distinction; that we had
gone on to make roads during the territorial con-
dition; made roads in peace and in war; made
roads for purposes of defense, and for purposes
of communication; and when we lost the power,
by its passing from a territorial to a State condi-
tion, we then followed it by a certain percentage
which was to be devoted to the making of roads
thereafter.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I am not at all
offended; on the contrary, I am much pleased, at
the fact that the Constitution has been invoked
even as an argument against this road; though I
am decidedly in favor of the road. It satisfies me
of one thing, at least: that the Constitution will
ever stand as the great charter to guide us in our
public relations, and that our attention will be
called to it, time and time again, to keep us from
deviating too far from the original principles on
which this Government was established. But, in
the construction and application of the powers of
the Government, it is but natural that we should
entertain some differences of opinion. Let us see,
however, whether the Constitution does inhibit
us, or, in other words, (for that is not the correct
manner in which it ought to be stated,) whether
it does authorize %s m the exercise of the power
contemplated in the bill. I make this correction
in the phrase I was about to adopt, because we
have not general power unless restrained; we have
only special power when granted. We must look
at the body of the grant, and see whether a fair
and reasonable construction of the grant will au-
thorize us in assuming jurisdiction and power
over a given subject.
The Senator from Louisiana has indicated those
principles of strict construction which are cer-
tainly most essential to the keeping of the General
Government within legitimate powers; but, in un-
dertaking to make it iso strict as to limit the power
of Congress in providing means for the defense of
the country, I think he has gone a little too far.
He has exercised, and justified himself in the
exercise of, the power to deepen the mouth of
the Mississippi river; he has voted large appro-
priations for dredging machines; as he says, be-
cause the Constitution declares that Congress
shall have the ppwer to regulate commerce. Does
the power to regulate include the power to create
or facilitate? Most unquestionably not, by the
same rules of strict construction to which he ap-
peals as an opponent <pf this bill. "^The power to
regulate, is to prescr-ite rules for the government
of; but the power to facilitate and the power to
create are entirely different questions. If, how-
ever, he chooses to adopt the other alternative,
and say that the power to regulate commerce in-
cludes the power to provide means for its facilita-
tion, then i answer that the game argument will
justify the construction of a railroad across the
continent. The Constitution makes no distinc-
tion in the power. It confers it over the sub-
ject of commerce, whether that commerce be by
sea or land, whether it be external or internal,
whether with foreign nations or with Indian tribes.
There is an existing commerce over the conti-
nent. Now, if it be true that the power to regu-
late includes the power to facilitate, or provide
the means for the facilitation of; and if it also be
true that a proper construction of the Constitution
gives the same power over commerce, whether
by land or by sea; and, if a third postulate may
also be admitted, that there is an existing com-
merce across the continent, then it inevitably
follows that we have the power, (whether it is
prudent, or proper, or wise to exercise it or not,)
under the same process of reasoning, to make a
railroad, and provide any means we please to ex-
pedite the commerce across the continent, to re-
move the obstructions of the mountains as he
would remove the obstructions at the mouths of the
Mississippi. Them can be no alternative in this
construction, and I only present it as seeming to
me to conflict with those strict, rigid rules of
construction which he has invoked to tic our
hands, and to prevent us in the consummation of
this important work.
But, says he, (&nd I fully and most cordially
agree with him on this point,) the power to defend
the country, to provide the munitions of war, and
the mean? for the military defense of the coun-
try, must be the same' in the States as m the Ter-
ritories. Congress possesses a power over the
Territories more enlarged in some respects than
it has in the States; but the military power of the
Federal Government is just the same in a State
as it is in a Territory, with one single exception.
We have the same right to build a fort m a State
that we have in a Territory, without the consent
of the State. We have the same right to build
an armory in a State that we have in a Territory,
without the consent of the State. We have a
right to manufacture arms in a State as well as in
a Territory, without the consent of the State.
Wc have a right to make a military road in a
State as well as in a Territory, provided a neces-
sity exists, without the consent of the State But
when the question of jurisdiction over that work
comes up to be considered, the jurisdiction must
be granted over places purchased by the consent
of the State, for what purpose? The same over
them as over this Federal district. The Consti-
tution says that Congress shall "exercise like
authority over all places purchased by the con-
sent of the Legislature of the State in which the
same shall be, for the erection of forts, maga-
zines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
buildings." That is not a grant to enlarge the
military power of the Government; it is a grant
to maintain a jurisdiction, and I believe if 1 had
time, I could refer you to a decision of the courts
in this respect. The power to provide the means
to carsy out any constitutional end, does not de-
pend upon the consent ofa State. I think the case
of the United States vs. Osborne is directly in point.
Mr. PUGPI. Do you consider that a sound
decision ?
Mr. GREEN. I consider it the affirmance of
that principle, a sound principle; and I have never
yet seen any one who would call it in question,
that where Congress has the power to do a con-
stitutional act, Congress has the power to provide
the means necessary and proper to accomplish
that end, and those means may bo exorted in a
State without the power of the State to tax. The
extent of that decision was that it does not require
the consent of a State to enable Congress to make
use of constitutional means to accomplish con-
stitutional ends. But to give to the United States
exclusive jurisdiction, that is, to cut off the juris-
diction of the State, to deprive the State ot any
jurisdiction, and make the power of Congress ex-
clusive, does require the consent of the State. For
instance, you erect a fort in a certain locality.
You erect it because it is necessary for the defense
and protection of the country. You purchase or
condemn the land you want for the purpose, or
j you can take it without purchase, making proper
compensation to the individual sufferer on general
principles of equity and justice. You can take it
by force, but justice demands of you to make
adequate compensation. Having taken it by force
or by purchase, you take it because it is neces-
sary as a means to defend the country. Still it
gives you no exclusive jurisdiction; but the State
in which it is situated has the same jurisdiction
over it that it had before, except so far as this:
that being property of the United States, and a
-means of accomplishing a constitutional end, it •
is not subject to the taxing power of the State;
but if a crime be committed there it is punishable
under the State law. So of various other cases
which I could illustrate. This is the distinction
between the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress
with the consent of a State, and the right of Con-
gress to make use of land in a State without the
consent of the State.
Is this road necessary and proper for any con-
stitutional purpose? The general military power
of the Federal Government is a conceded grant.
The last clause of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution says:
" Congte^ shall have power to make all laws u$ich shall
be necessary and proper lor carrying in to execution the fore-
going poweis and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United State*, or in any de-
partment or officer theieof."
Whether you build a fort or an arsenal, wheth-
eryou provide for the manufactureof arms,or do
anything else, it resolves itself into this: the end
being expressly authorized by the Constitution,
are the proposed means necessary and proper?
I That addresses itself to the judgment of Senators
j and the judgment of members of Congress; to the
agents and officers of the Federal Government.
It is utterly impossible to draw a line so fixed, so
exact, so definite, that all must exactly agree
upon it.
Again: the necessity and the propriety of it
may depend upon con urgencies ana circumstances
that may exist at one period of time, and may not
exist at another. The Senator from Louisiana
said, and said truly, that with between three and
four millions people we maintained a success-
ful contest with Great Britain, and achieved our
independence. From this fact he infers that the
people on the western slope of the Rocky Mount-
ains can likewise defend themselves against all
the Powers of the world. How fallacious is this
reasoning! It applies only to this point of pro-
priety and necessity. He says it is not necessary,
because there is, or soon will be, a self-sustain-
ing power in that people. 1 am free to admit that
the time may come when it will not be necessary
for Government purposes to have this road across
the continent; but the time now is, and, 1 think,
!< will continue for many years to come, when it is
necessary to have this military road. What was
the power of England in 1775, compared with
| what it is now ? At that time England, I think,
• had only about eight million inhabitants; I may
I not be correct as to the number. Her mih-
tary provision was of the most ordinary kind,
i compared with what it is now. The Power of
j Franco was then jealous and hostile. England
| now has some thirty million inhabitants; and
j France, with thirty-six million inhabitants, is in
J close alliance with her. The improvements in fire-
|| arms, in mihUi y tactics, and in the means of war-
ii fare generally, have been more than quadrupled
jj since"1 that time, even with a like given number of
jj men; while the number of inhabitants and the
jl physique of the army have more than doubled.
!j These allied Powers, in one sudden attack and
]| descent upon California would overrun, occupy,
! and hold it beyond our power ever to expel them,
j' if we do not anticipate coming events, and make
fi provision to defend it now, while wo may.
