448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
This, as I before remarked, addresses itself to
the necessity and propriety of the measure. But
I will go even so far as this: if it be our duty to
defend that country, and if coming events cast
their shadows before us, and if we intend to de-
fend it, and if we cannot defend it without malting
this foad, we should be justified in expending
$100 ,000,000 for that purpose,and even in making
it exclusively out of the Treasury of the United
States. But still the. question of making it ex-
clusively out of the Treasury of the United States
addresses itself to .the propriety and necessity.
Is it necessary and proper ? If we can make the
road without the $100,000,000, if we can make it
through the process of disposing of part of the
public lands and rendering some assistance in
anticipated payments for services to be performed,
that is as far as we ought to go, for we can only
go to the extent that is necessary.
The Senator from Louisiana says it is not pro-
posed to make a road to Texas. That is true;
not because our power is not as great to make one
to Texas as to California, if the same degree of
necessity existed; but there isahabitable country
>from here to Texas, and we see the course of
events. The necessity depends upon the course
of events, upon the face of the country, upon the
population and settlement of the country, and the
other ordinary means of communication. Hcnce,
we can with propriety say, it is not necessary fur
the Government to appropriate money to make a
railroad from here to Texas; for the ordinary cir-
cumstances attending human progress and the
adaptation and fitness of the country insure to us
that it will be made as quick without the aid of
the Government as with it. Let that same argu-
ment apply to California. There is not a reason-
able man, who ha*> studied the character of the
country^ who knows the height of the* mount-
ains, the depths of the valleys, the rigor of the
climate and the barrenness of the soil, who will
hesitate a moment in saying, that without some
extraoidmary aid, that road never can be built.
Hence the necessity of Government aid; and it
addresses itself to us with strong force and strong
power.
Perhaps the question may be asked, Does my
constitution depend on the necessity ? I answer,
yes. The means to cxeo.ute a constitutional end,
by the Constitution, are made to depend upon the
necessity and propuety. it says, in so many
express words, what constitutional ends you may
accomplish, and the means to reach those ends
are to be necessary and proper. They may bo
necessary and pioper at one time, under one
state of circumstances, and not be necessary or
proper at another time and undei a dilli-rent state
of things. It opens no door to fraud and cor-
ruption, it breaks down no barrier to pioteet
your public Ticasury. i take H for granted that
Senators, and members of Congress generally,
will be honest m their views with lvfuruiice to the
necessity and propriety of eveiy given measure;
and 1 take it for grained still fuitber, that ifihey
are not honest,-no constitutional bairier will re-
strain them.
Now, sir, I see no difficulty in this argument;
but, says the Senator, the same necessity may
exist for the transportation of supplier. Yes, and
if you make out a corresponding ease, of the ab-
sence of transports, 1 will justify legislation to
provide transports. There never has been a war
upon the coast; there has never been an expedi-
tion to any foreign ports, in which the Govern-
ment did not either build, buy, or hire, transports.
Tiicy have done it in the expedition to Paraguay.
Transports must be had; and if we had no com-
mercial marine; if the character of our people did
not adapt them to coastwise and foreign com-
mence, and we had no ships of transport, and it
was indispensably necessary to provide the means
to cany this transportation coastwise, in order to
provide the Army, then the necessity contem-
plated in the Constitution would exist, and you
would have the right to vote money to make those
transports, or purchase them. Just so it is with
the road. By the same process of leasoning, you
have no right to make a road; that is, the neces-
sity does not exist—and your right depends on
that—m places where the ordinaly course of hu-
man events will make it in reasonable time to
meet the wants of the Government.
The power of granting land ro assist in the con-
struction of roads depends entirely on a different-
grant of power. It does not depend on the power
of Congress to defend the country. I have voted,
and others have, to appropriate portions of the
public lands for railroad purposes; because we
have an express grant of power4 Ho dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the public lands and other property of the United
States." It is by virtue of that grant of power
that I have exercised the right and expect to do
j it again, to vote public lands for railroads; notbe-
i cause of their military adaptation to meet the
' wants of thecduntry, but because,in the disposi-
tion of the public lands, I "believe it to be wise,
just, and proper. But when the military power of
the country is invoked, when provision is to be
made to keep our country in a state of readiness
at all times to be prepared to defend our people
and our shores and our soil, if I see no reason-
able human probability of thus defending them
without resorting to an appropriation of money
out of the Treasury, I will vote that appropriation;
and I will appeal to the Constitution, which says
to me, " youjnay and must provide means neces-
sary and proper to accomplish this constitutional
end." The Senator may, on the same principles
of strict construction, arrive at a different conclu-
sion, because he may not think it either neces-
sary or proper; but I beg of him to remember,
while I concede to him the rigfet thus to form his
opinion, he is not to characterize us as breaking
down the barriers of the Constitution because on
that point wediflerfrom him; we believing it both
necessary and proper, and he not thinking it either
necessary or pioper.
Mr. PUGIi. Mr. President, I shall not reply
to the Senator from llhodo Island, because the
Senator fiom Mississippi and the Senator fiom
Louisiana, although they differed with each other,
conclusively answered lusproposition; but I think
my Democratic brother fiom Missouri is in dan-
ger of straying into very wild paths, and will be
entirely out of the fold if he*e not very soon re-
called. Now, sir, it is first asserted by him that
the power to provide for the common defense is
a universal power, applicable within the States
and within the Ten itoues, and to beexcrcised m
all Us relations, even to the third and fourth de-
cree of incidental powers, without the least regaid
to the wishes of a State.
Mr. GREEN. I hope the schoolmaster will
quote the scholar correctly,at least, if he is going
to correct him for his improprieties. } ceitamly
never said you might go down into degrees of ne-
cessity.
Mr. PUGII. I will show the Senator that he
got into degrees, and very bad ones, before he
was through.
Mr. GUEEN. State the inference and my
words correctly.
Mr. PUGH. We must not he deceived by
more words. There is no general power to pro-
vide for the common defense. There is no war ;
i:pow<r,as gentlemen speak of it, in tbeConsti-i
j] tution. 1( then- ever was an mstrumt nt that dealt j
II m specific woids, it is the Constitution of the j
I; United States. There is power to levy taxes. I j
j, will give you the words: j
!j ••'!'>  lav and collect nixes-, dutios, impels, and excises, i
11 to pay debu ami provide for the common <ic}ont>e and j
i| general weifaieot the United State*." ;
j! That is to say, as it has been settled from the J
il days of the Federalist down, it is a power to levy j
ji taxes for the purpose of providing for the com- j
ij moil defense and general welfare; bat there is no j
|i substantive power of itself under which Senators I
I, can interpolate the right to do whatever they j
!| please, and call it for the geneial defense. So !
ij about the war power. What is *hat? !
!| To decline war. cram letters of maiqne and repu«a], I
{1 and make mles eoticuimn^ captuie-, on tnnd and watei." !
11 What is that? You have a right to declare ;
,! that the emeigency lias arisen m which the rela- |
tion of your citizens to the subjects of foreign j
■: Powers,"differ from what they are in ordinary |
cases. If a citizen of the United States, upon the ;
• : high heas, attacks a vessel belonging to a British j
subject, and commits robbery or violence m time j
1 uf peace, it is pirney; but put a declaration of J
i1 war bejurc hitn, and that is a declaration that in j
I; that particular starns the relation of the parties |
i. are altered. !
:j But what is the proposition of the Senator from j
!j Missouri? That there is a universal power to j
H provide for the common defense, and a universal i
war power that is to extend to all circumstances,
and for all time, and to anticipate ali contingen-
cies. Why, sir, the framers of the Constitu-
tion were more jealous than that. They have
given you a power to raise and support armies.
That is the nearest approach you can get to the
common defense. They have given you power
" to raise and support armies;" but they have
said that " no appropriation of money to that use
shall be for a longer term than two years." It is
the only restricted power in the Constitution.
And yet, sir, although you cannot keep an
army up beyond two yeais without an act of
Congress, under the pretense of the common de-
fense, you can appropriate untold millions for un-
told ages, and assume the control of the property,
and the sovereignty of the States. I say it is the
most monstrous doctrine. It exceeds any Feder-
alism that was ever taught in the days of Ham-
ilton and Adams.
Now, sir, I grant you that in time of actual
hostilities, when the armies of the United States,
or the military commanders, pressed by invasion,
pressed by insurrection,lind4t necessary to resort
to anything to repel the invader, that would bfe
proper enough. They can build a fort', they can
build a camp, or a ditch, ©r a wagon £oad, or a
railroad; but when the emergency passes,the act
must ccasc. Then it 1ms got to stop. You can-
not keep a railioad there after the war is over, and
after the enemy has retired you cannot exercise
jurisdiction over it; you cannot run trains upon it;
you cannot lease it to those who will run trains.
While an emergency like that exists,it is precisely
the case of Andrew Jackson at New Orleans when
he declared martial law. lie had a right to de-
clare it, because the emergency was so imminent,
the state of hostility was such that it was neces-
sary, but when the crisis passed, the declaration
ended. But, sii, you cannot begin m time of
peace, and, upon the supposition that war is to be
declared hereafter, go on to make railroads orany-
thing else except as authorized by the Constitu-
tion. 'JWie Constitution has said that we may pur-
chase, with the consentofthe States, real property
for the construction of forts, dock-yards, and cer-
tain other specified public buildings. That we
ma^jdo. Beyond that we have no power what-
ever^ t cannot be done.
Now, as to the case of the Territories. As I said,
that is not pai ticulaily involved in this amend-
ment, and I am very free to say that ali the argu-
ments so handsomely urged by the Senator from
Louisiana bear very strongly on my mind; and
the only justification or excuse or palliation that
I could ever give for voting for this proposition,
even if it were confined to the Territories, is this:
that here is o descit which never will be settled,
so far as we can now ascertain, where there never
will be population to support any ordinary method
of communication, and that it is necessary for us
to pass it in older to reach the settled portions of
the Pacific coast. That is all tine argument T have
ever made to myself for voting for any part of this
bill.
Nor do I see how my friend from Missouri can
justify himself in voting to construct this road for
a distance of two or three degrees of latitude m the
State of California; but he very carefully puts it
out of the STtatc of Missouri. Why not bung it
to St. Louis* Why not bring it to Washington
city? He says that he put it upon the ground of
necessity. Well, sir, if the Constitution is re-
duced to every man's idea of necessity, it is worse
than old John Selden's principle of equity. He
said equity was accouhng to the length of the
chancellor's foot. We might as well abolish the
Constitution; nothing is leli of it if such notions
are to prevail.
Mr. GIIEEN. I will answer the question of
the Senator from Ohio. It all ^solves itself into
the question of necessity. I think the necessity
exists; he thinks not; but I deduce my power
from that same clause from which he oeduces his
power to vote $90,000 to Mr. Ellett to bottle up
the waters and increase the flood of the Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. I never had any such proposition.
The Senator is mistaken. He not only misreads
the Constitution, but lie misreads my bill.
Mr. GREEN. 1 recollect that the session-be-
fore last you made a speech for it, an«J I replied
to you.
Mr. PUGH. I did not bring in such a bill. I
brought in a bill to provide for the survey of the
