1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
and all the appurtenances of a building yard, ne-
cessary for the repair of ships which are con-
stantly coming- into port. If they come in and go
to this yard, there will not be the means of repair-
ing them unless you make this appropriation.
There is already m the bill a distinct item of
$1,000,000 for the repair and armament of ves-
sels. Of) looking overthe estimates, I have coone
to the conclusion that §25,000 for a boom-derrick
and $2,534 for the improvement of the machine-
shop, and $25,000 for launching ways are indis-
pensable. to carry on the work which you have
laid out.
It is taking a very singular view indeed of our
duties to the Government to undertake, in this
mode, to administer a rebuke to those who are
alleged here to have committed abuses. Now, I
know not a syllable of the alleged abuses at the
Brooklyn navy-yard. I have been too busy in
the last week to attend to rumors of that kind. !•
have understood there was an investigation going
forward and a report from a committee; but what
arc the abuses alleged I do not know. If indi-
viduals have bought up votes or placed men in
positions for the purpose of getting their votes,
either for one side or the other, should we rebuke
them in this manner? Would you rebuke abuses
in the Post Office Department by withholding an
appropriation for the postal service of a year?
Would you carry this system into any other De-
partment of che Government? Will you put a
stop to the repairs of your ships and the efficiency
of your service, in order to reach a few miserable
men who have used their public positions for im-
proper purposes? I think not. i have the most
profound confidence m the head of the Navy De-
partment. Whatever these abuses are, I under*
take to say they do not reach him; and whatever
they are,l undertake to say when they are known
to him he will endeavor to correct them. I trust
these appropnations will be made, unless you in-
tent! when your ships of war comc into port, to
lay them up. The reduction already made on the
sum estimated for repairs, is so great that many
of your ships coming into port now will have to
lay up; they cannot-be repaired. By withholding
appropriations from the Pensacola yard, you pre-
vent the launching of the two vessels that are
building. One of them will be ready for launch-
ing on the 15th of tins month. In the estimates
there is an item for launching ways there, and
you withhold it. That is the kind of economy
you arc piactiring.
Mr. WILSON. I think the remarks of the
Senator from Florida should, at any rate, pro-
voke reply enough from this side of the Chamber
to* vindicate our action on the proposition now
belme the Senate. The House of Representa-
tives, in obedience to the popular will of this
country, has made a reduction of $2,250,000 upon
tins bill below the report of the Committee of
Ways and Means of that House. Here is a blow
struck n[ the navy-yard at New York. The Sen-
atot fiom Flonda (ells us, and other Senators tell
us, that, because there have been had practices
theie, we ouirht not to cut down the appropria-
tions. Sir, it is the only remedy for these abuses.
There have been actions there which deserve the
rebuke of Congress; and the only way is to put
them on short allowance. The Senator says he
has confidence m the head of the Navy Depart-
ment. Has the Senator read the hundreds of
paijes of evidence just published by the House
of Representatives?
i\1r. MALLORY. I hope not.
Air. WILSON, f should ihmk he had not. If
he had, he could not aj^nd up in the Congressof
the Tfm'ed States and^kpress confidence in the
head of the Navy Department.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 have not read them; I
have not hud time to read them; but whatever
that Senator may say to the contrary after read-
ing then), whatever may be his judgment, i am
proud and happy to have an opportunity of ex-
piesfmig my ptofound confidence in the integrity
of the head of the Navy Department.
Mr WILSON. TheSenator'sopinion will pass
in the Senate and the country for what it is worth,
as he piofesses not to have examined the testimony
in the ease. 1 see the Senator from South Caro-
lina wants the floor, and I yield to him.
Mr. HAMMOND. I believe the question now
is on my motion to reconsider the vote rejecting
the amendment making an appropriation for the
New York navy-yard. As I said before, I will
go for striking them all out, if any one be stricken
out. If those whom the Senators on the other
side represent are ready for a break up, I am
ready; but I would not initiate such a thing. I
prefer the conservative and conciliating course.
I am not for a break up; but if they are, I am
ready at any moment. The appropriations for
navy-yards were considered in our committee,
and made a matter of system. I think, as I have
said before, that we should have one navy-yard
on the Atlantic, one navy-yard on the Gulf, and
one on the Pacific, and no more; but we have put,
for the present at least, three navy-yards on the
Atlantic, for the purpose of conciliating the North,
and New England especiairy.
Now, I desire to have a fair vote on this ques-
tion. i have voted for the Portsmouth navy-
yard, #to which I was opposed. I will vote for
the New York navy-yard, which I think ought
not to exist; and I nave moved to reconsider the
vote by which that navy-yard has been stricken
down, simply for the purpose of maintaining the
system which I was authorized by the Naval
Committee to report. If those on the other side
choose to prevent a vote, if they want to break
up the navy-yards, stop all appropriations, and
put an end to this Government, it ism their power
to do it; but the responsibility shall rest on them
—not on us. At,this late hour, there is no use
for discussion; discussion amounts to nothing;
let us have a vote. I am ready to stay here to
vote on every one of these amendments, or any
amendments proposed to this bill. I do not wish
to hear discussion; and if there is to be discus-
sion, I shall adjourn myself at least.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. BRODER1CK. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts give way for an adjournment?
Mr. WILSON. No; I shall only occupy a
moment. I want tosay to the Senator from South
Carolina that 1 dunk we are in admirable order
to discuss, to debate, and to vote. 1 have not seen
the Senate so orderly to-day. We are alt sobered
down, ready for business. Now is the hour to
do it 1 tell the Senator from South Carolina I
am ready to break up the abuses that have grown
out of the lavish expendituies in the navy-yards
of the country. Corruption, foul corruption in
the use of the appiupnations of the Government,
has found its way into these navy-yards, and the
only way to coirect these abuses is to make small
appropriations, at any rate for this year. The
Senator says they have put an appropriation in
this amendment for New England. I tell the Sen-
ator that I do not want any appropriations for
New England unless they are necessary for the
general good of the whole country. I want none
of your special patronage for my State, and I
voted against the propositions for the navy-yard
at Portsmouth,-New Hampshire. Had it been
at Charlestown, in my own State, I would have
voted against it all the more readily.
1 especially want to vote against spending money
in this New York navy-yard, when the proof is
before this Congress, under oath, that there are
corrupt practices in that yard which ought to be
arrested. 1 want to express my opinion against
that; and4 so far as I can do it, to starve out cor-
ruption m that yard.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—yeas 13, nays 22.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Secretary will report the next
amendment made in committee.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator will withdraw
the call for a separate vote on the rest of the amend-
ments now.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us go on and vote.
Mr. GREEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate agreed to the appropriation
for the navy-yard at Portsmouth.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon agreeing to that amendment. Will !
the Senate agree to the appropriation for the navy- |
yard at Portsmouth ? ;
The amendment was rejected. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary ;
will report the next amendment. ' '
The Secretary read the next amendment made |
as in Committee of the Whole; which was, m 1
line nmety-thiee, to strike out " at Philadelphia, ?!
$15,000," and-insert" at Philadelphia, $15,000." I)
Mr. CLAY. That seems to be the same amount.
I should like to have that explained.
Mr. PUGH. If it is in order, I will withdraw
the demand for a division of the amendments. I
think we have had a test, and we may take a vote
on them all by the consent of the Senate.
Mr. BRODER1CK. 1 hope the. vote will not
be taken in the absence of my colleague. .1 wish
to except California from this general destruc-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask to except the amend-
ment in regard to California. I want to vote for
that, and desire to have it excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, in line ninety-three, to strike
out " at Philadelphia, $15,000," and insert "at
Philadelphia, $15,000."
Mr. HAMMOND. Is that an amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itamounfs to the
same thing; but the Chair will put the question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. That is no amend-
ment at all. To strike out certain words, and put
in the same words, is no amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that, if there is no objection, he will not put
the question on that amendment. It amounts to
the same thing.
Mr STUART. It should be put. We are only
dividing a whole amendment, and this is one part
of it. It is a division of it, and it must be put in
some form. Either the division must be with-
drawn, or the question must be put.
Mr. KING. In the present condition of affairs,
I presume the Senator from Ohio will withdraw
his call for a division.
Mr. 1VERSON. I shall renew it.
Mr. KING. Then let us take a vote.
Mr. HAMMOND.' I propose to withdraw all
the amendments 1 offered on the part of the com-
mittee, and I take the House bill as it stood. [" Oh,
no !"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question on the amendment which has been
read.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, was, in line ninety-four, to strike
out u at Washington, $10,000," and insert " at
Washington, $10,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a vote insisted
on? ["Oh, no!"] It amounts to the same thing.
The Secretary will read the next amendment.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, was, in line ninety-five, to strike
out " at Norfolk, $20,000," and insert " at Nor-
folk, $150,000."
T he amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, was, in line ninety-six, to strike
out" atPensacola, $10,000,"and insert "atPen-
saeoia, $75,000."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
of the Whole, was, in line ninety-seven, to strike
out " at Mare Island, California^ $20,000," and
insert " at Mare Island, California, $200,000."
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that amendment will
be adopted; and upon it I call for the yeas and
nays. [" Oh, no!"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I demand'the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
were demanded; but a sufficient number did-not
rise to order them.
Mr. GWIN. Is the question decided ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senator from Rhode Island demanded the yeas
and nays; but a sufficient number did not rise,
and the Chair was putting the question.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senate, if they are go-
ing to strike out all the navy-yards, to leave us
one on the Pacific coast.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have but one word to say
upon this subject. Mr. President [" Let us
vote."] Well, ifit will carry without them,I shall
make no remarks upon it. * I wished to express
the reason why I should vote for it; but if Sena-
tors desire to take a vote, and will agree to the
amendment, I will not say a word.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that I shall get some
votes here.
Mr. LANE. Is it too late to ask for the yeas
and nays?
