1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. GWIN. Is the bill in the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is in the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Is this the end of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the end
of it.
Mr. GWIN. Nov/, Mr. President, is it open
for discussion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Are the yeas and
nays demanded by the Senator from Oregon?
Mr. LANE. Yes, sir; 1 want the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President, will you
state the question ?
Mr. CLAY. We all know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary wjll
read the amendment upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered. *
Mr. CLAY. It is upon the California Mare
Island navy-yard.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND. I desire to say, to preserve
my consistency in this matter, that, as the Senate
has stricken out all the other amendments, I shall
vote against this one as part of the whole.
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 gave notice, some time
since, that I intended to vote against the New York
navy-yard, but withdrew my objection with the
understanding that the Senator from South Car-
olina would sustain the Mare Island appropria-
tion. He appealed to me, and I withdrew my
opposition to the amendment then under consid-
eration.
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not consider that my
bargain. I told him I should vote against Mare
Island if he voted against New York; but I did
not suppose I was to vote for his navy-yard after
everything else was stricken out.
Mr. GWIN. I suppose it is intended to pass
this bill to-night, or at least to vote on it. [" Yes. "]
Then I give notice, although I never voted against
an appropriation bill, that I shall do everything
that I can to defeat this bill, if the navy-yards are
thrown out.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; a  follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brorierick, Blown, Cliesnut. Da-
vis, Green, Gwiti, Hunter, I vci -on, Lane, Rice, Simmons,
Toombs, and Ward—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Clark, Clay, Crittenden,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Filzpatriek. Foot, Fo-ter, Hamlin,
Hammond, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Mallory,
Polk, 1'ugh, Iteid. Stuart, Wade, and Wilson—-ii.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was, in line ninety-eight, to strike out
" at Sackett's Harbor, $1,000," and insert " at
Sackett's Harbor, $1,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is perfectly
equivalent.
Mr. MALLORY. There was one amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire which was excepted. I was out of the Sen-
ate at the moment. I hope that will be consid-
ered now.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
.JniI be It further enadei, That no piomotion to the rank
of captain m the Navy of the United States shall be made
until tile member in commission shall he reduced to filly.
Mr. MALLORY. I think it was, peihaps, duo
to me from the Senator from New Hampshire, that
1 should have known he was about to oiler this
amendment. Probably he may not have known
I was out of the Senate at the moment. I stepped
into the retiring room. I would have stated then,
if I had been here, what I wish to say now, that
this is a proposition to determine the number of
a particular grade, withoutthe information before
the Senate which would lead to a correct solu-
tion of the question. I think, myself, that the
number of captains might properly be reduced
somewhat. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] addressed a communication to the Navy De-
partment, some six weeks ago, I think, upon this
very question, and he elicited from the Navy De-
partment the response as to the number of the
different grades that might properly be kept in the
service, and the reductions that might be applied
to these grades. That communication is not be-
fore the Senate at this moment, although it has
been here for a couple of months. I think that
in that there will be found some information that
the grade of captain might possibly be reduced,
but I do not know that there is. At all events,
at tiiis late hour of the session, here at two o'clock
in the morning, with scarcely a quorum of the
Senate present, I think the Senate will not under-
take, without some little consultation,at all events,
with the head of the Department, to see what the
wants of the service are, to reduce the number in
the highest grade in the service down to fifty. I
think this is hasty legislation, and the Navy is
not to be reformed in that way.
Mr. IVERSON. I want to ask the Senator a
question. If 1 understand the law at present, it
is, that the number of captains on service is to be
sixty-eight, and we shall have no promotions
until the number, which is one nundrcd and one,
shall be reduced down to the number allowed by
law ?
Mr. MALLORY. Precisely.
Mr. IVERSON. So that there can be no pro-
motions to the grade of captain until the number
is reduced to sixty-eight, which is allowed by
law. It is a very large number, but it is only
adventitious and accidental, owing to the restor-
ation of those who were retired and promoted in
the mean time. Sixty-eight are not too many
captains.
Mr. MALLORY. But the proposition is to
bring tlie number down to fifty.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that such a proposi-
tion will not be adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. It reiuces the number to
fifty. I hope it will not be adopted. There can
be no promotions as the law stands now, until
the number is reduced to sixty-eight.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HALE. Divide.
The VICti PRESIDENT. The Scnatorfrom
New Hampshire called for a division after the
announcement was made by the Chair. If there
be general consent, the Chair will again put the
question.
Mr. MALLORY. I object.
Mr. HALE. It is ordinarily the case that the
Presiding Officer makes some sort of pause in his
decision, or does not announce instantly, as was
the case here. \
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire, that
the vote was very decisive. Nobody voted in the
affirmative, and all in the negative.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time; and on the question: " Shall the
bill pass'"
Mr. HALE and Mr. HAMLIN called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hayaril. Bigler, Brown, Chesnnt,
Clark, Clav, Cnttenden. Davis, Fe=-enden, Fitzualriek,
Foot. Foster, Green, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Lane, Malloiv, Polk, Reul, liiee, Simmons, Stuart,
Tomnlw, Wade. Waid, and Wil-'on—■IB >
NAYS—Mo„ms Broderick, Doolittle, Gwm, Hale, Ham- ]
lin, Harlan, King, and Pugh—8.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. «
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 1, 1859.
The House metateleven o'clock,a.m. Prayer
by Rev. D. Wilson.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. j
Mr. CRAWFORD, by unanimous consent, j
from theComnntteeof Ways and Means, reported :
back the amendments of the Senate to the Army .
appropriation bill; which were referred to the ,
1 Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL, j
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, the
House insisted on its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation lull and agreed to the |
conference asked by the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon said amend-,
ments. j
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Houston, i
Wasuburn of Maine, and Phillips, as such
committee on the part, of the House.
ENROLLMENT OF STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 596) to authorize the enrollment,
registry, and license of certain steamboats or ves-
sels owned by the Buffalo and Lake Huron Rail-
road Company.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received itsseveral read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. M. J. HARRIS.
Mr. MORRIS of Illinois. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to permit the Committee on
Invalid Pensions to report a bill granting a pen-
sion to the widow of the late Thomas L.Harris. .
No objection being made,
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary J. Harris, widow of Colonel
Thomas L. Harris; which was read a first and
second tune.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the nameofMrs. Harris on the invalid pen-
sion roll at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
the pension to commence on the 25th of Novem-
ber, 1858, and continue during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House  •,
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I object; and
call for the regular order of business.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the Senate:
In Sfna-TE, February 28, 1859.
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
Thar the 16th and 17th joint rules be suspended for the
remainder of the session.
The question was taken; and the resolution of
the Senate was concurred in.
AFRICAN SQUADRON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary_ of the
Navy, with-accompanying documents, in obe-
dience to a resolution of the House, adopted the
28th of January, requesting "the President of the
United States lo communicate to this House a
copy of all instructions to the commanders of our
African squadron since the ratification of the
treaty'of 1842, called the 'Washington treaty,'
with a copy of whatever regulations were entered
into by the commanders of the two squadrons
for more fully accomplishing the object of the
eighth article of said treaty," &c.; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the annual agricultural report of the Patent Office;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that ten
thousand extra copies be Ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion goes to the
Committee on Printing.
YANCTONS AND TONAWANDAS.
The SPEAKER also laM before the House a
communication from the S^Psretar-y of the Interior,
transmitting estimates of appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Yanctons and
Tonawandas; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Such estimates
as are contained there have been sent to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and I am instructed
by that committee to report a bill to fulfill treaty
stipulations with the Yancton Sioux or Daco-
tah Indians, and the Tonawandas. These treaties
have been ratified. I have the manuscript in the
committee-room. I desire to report that bill now,
that it may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
There was no objection.
