1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Com- \
mitteeofWavsand Means, reported a bill making j
appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the Yancton and Tonawanda Indians, for
the year ending June 30, 1860; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
COPYRIGHT BOOKS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
asking? for appropriations for the transfer of copy-
right books, &e., from the State Department to
the Interior Department, and for the purchase of
copies of the eleventh volume of Little, Brown
& Co.'s United States Statutes at Large; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC WAGON ROAD.
The SPEAKER- also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmuting: a report and maps of the wagon road
to the Pacinc; which was laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE CONTRACTS, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, giving
an abstract of offers for carrying the mails, &c.;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
. printed.
MAJOR T. L. HARRIS—AGAIN.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The bill just passed,
for the relief of the widow of the late Major Har-
ris, by a mistake provides that the pension shall
^bc paid to her during her widowhood, when the
committee directed it to be reported " during her
natural life." I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; or, I ask unanimous
consent to have that amendment made in the bill.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to recon-
sider the v.ote by which the bill was passed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
It cannot be considered now.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask to offer an amend-
ment.
Several Members. Regular order of business.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the first amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union loathe civil ap-
propriation bill.
First amendment:
In the following paragraph, strike out the word " con-
tinuing," and insert u preservingand strike out " $300,"
so as to reduce the appropriation to $50,000:
u For continuing the extension of the Treasury building,
$350,o«u."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Strike out the following :
" For continuing the work on the custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina, $200,000."
Mr. MILES. 1 demand the yeas and nays;
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; Messrs. McQueen and
Edif. were appointed.
Mr. MILES. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I renew it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let us take the
question by tfllers.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I withdraw
the call for the yras and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordera^ and Messrs. McQueen
and Edie were appoinBd.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 85, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Strike out the following lines ot the bill:
For continuing tlu  woik on the custom-house at New
Orleans, Loui>iana, $rioO.000: Provided, That the Secre-
tary ot the Treasury shall submit, at the commencement
of the next session" of Congress, the amount already ex-
pended for the Charleston and New Orleans custom house'?,
and an estimate, in detail, of the probable cost for the final
completion of the same, and also the time it will require
to iini>h them."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Between lines foity-three and forty-four add the following:
The Secretary of th<> Treasury is hereby directed to use
the balance of the unexpended appropriations heretofore
made for the Charleston and New Orleans custom-houses
in finishing said buildings for use.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Between lines sixty-four and sixty-five add the follow-
ing :
For repairing the works and piers in order to secure the
light-house at Chicago, Illinois, $87,000.
Mr. GARNETT called for the yeas and nays;
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Mississippi, and Buffinton were appointed.
* The liouse divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-six.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Barr, Bing
ham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, Coltax, Comins, Corn
ing, Covude, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Eustis, Farnsworth, Florence, Foster, Giddwgs, Gillis,Gil-
inan,Gilmer, Gooch,Goodwin,Gregg,Grow,Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Horton, Howard,
Iiuyler, Owen Jones, Keiin, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Montgom-
ery, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac N. Morrif, Oliver A. Morse,
Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit,
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade. Wal
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Cad waladerC. Washburn, Elhhu
B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, White, and Wood—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bocock, Bonham, Branch, Burns, John B. Clark,
Cobb, CockenU, James Craig, Crawford, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dimmick. Dowdelt, Edmund>oii, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, GartruH, Goodo. Gioesheck,-
Lawrence W. Hall, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, Jcw-
ett, George W. Jones, Letter. Letcher, Maelay, McQueen,
Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, ltutfin, Sandulge,
Savage, Scott, Reward, Henry M. .Shaw, Shorter, Single-
ton. Samuel A. Smith. William Smith, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, George Taylor, Vallandigham, Vance, Watkins,
Whiteley, Wmslow, Woodson, Wortondyke, AugustusXI.
Wright, and John V. Wright—70.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Maynard on this question.
Mr. READY stated that if he had been in the
Hall when his name was called, he would have
voted " no."
Mr. BURNETT made a similar statement.
Sixth amendment:
For repairs and incidental expenditures to the light-house
at Oswego, and the buildings connected therewith, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Before lines onehundrcd and six and one hundred and
seven add the following:
For the best life-boat, to be placed at each of the twenty-
eight life-saving stations on the coast of New Jersey, $6,440.
And so much money as was appropriated at the last session
of Congress for that purpose, as remains unexpended, is
hereby directed to be carried to the surplus fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Betwee#lines one hundred and six and one hundred and
seven add the following :
For repairing the life-saving stations on the coast of Long
Island, New Jersey, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Add to the end of line one hundred and sixty-four as fol-
lows :  
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be used
or expended in defraying the expenses of any body of men
or delegates assembled in Washington, or elsewhere, as an
agricultural congress, or advisory board on agriculture, con-
vened under order, or by authority of, the Secretary of the
In tenor, or by any other person, under any name, or for any,
pretended object whatever.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Strike out " .<$1,095 50," and insert in lieu thereof $1,878;
so that the clause will read:
For hue ol carts on the public grounds, $1,878.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Between lines one hundred and ninety-one and one hun-
dred ninety-two insert as follows:
For lighting, with ga«, Four and-a Half, Seventh, and
Tweltth streets, acro&s the public mall, $4,500,
The amendment was agreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
Between lines one hundred and ninety-four and one hun-
dred and ninety-five insert as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase, from
Messrs. Little, Brown & Co., two thousand copies of the-
eleventh volume of the United States Statutes at Large,
for distribution agreeably to act of Congress directing the
distribution of the other volumes, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Between linos one hundred and ninety-eight and one
hundred and ninety-nine insert:
For public reservation No. 2, and Lafayette square,
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourteenth amendment:
Between lines two hundred and fourteen and two hun-
dred and fifteen insert:
For ma-king cases, and fitting up room in the Patent Office
building to receive copyright books, charts, and other copy-
right matter, and for tian&ferring, arranging, and taking care
of the same, $36,000. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Betvyeen lines two hundred and forty and two hundred
and fortv-one insert:
Provided, That none of the money hereby appropriated
shall be expended m the decoration or embellishment of
the Capitol extension, by sculpture or paintings, unless the
same shall have been approved by the art commission au-
thoiized by the act of 12th June, 1858, in the manner stated
in said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out lines two hundred and forty-eight, two hun-
dred and forty-nme, and two hundred and fifty, as follows:
"For procuring manure, tools, fuel, and repairs of botanic
garden, to be expended under the direction of the Library
Committee of Congress, $1,500."
And insert, m heu thereof:
For procuring manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, purchas-
ing trees and shrubs for botanic garden, to be expended un-
der the direction ot the Library Committee of Congress,
$2,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighteenth amendment:
At the end of the bill add t
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the first Comp-
troller of the Treasury do allow, in the adjustment of the
accounts of Peter Laman, disbursing clerk in the Interior
Department, the sum of $534 77, paid to A. G. Cochran.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union having
now been disposed of, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr^PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JKELSEY demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeaf< 97, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Arnold, Barr, Bing-
ham. Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Branch, Bryan, Burns, Chap-
man, Ezra Claik, John B. Clark, Clay, Clark B. Cochrano,
John Cochrane, CockeriN, Comins, Corning, Crawford,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Dimmick,
Edie, English, Eustis, Farnsworth, Faulkner, Florence, Fo-
ley, Foster, Giddings,'Gilh?, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groesbeck, Grover, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert Hall,
Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hodges, Horton, Howard,
Hughes, Iiuyler, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lamar, La-ndy, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Maclay, McKibbin,
Mcliae, Mason, Miller, Montgomery, Isaac N. Morris, Nib-
lack, Nichols, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Bobbins,
Sava«e, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Thayer, Vallandighain, Wade, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, White, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Woodson,
Wortendyke, and Augustus R. Wright—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bocock, Bonham, Bovce, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Burnett, Ca^kie, Chaffee, Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Curtis,
Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Duifee, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, Fenton, Garnett, Gartrell,Gilmer,Gooch,
Goode, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Jenkins, George W. Jones, Keim, Keitt, Kelsey, Knapp,
Leach, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Mattcson, Miles,
Millson, Moore, Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A.
Morse, Murray, Ohn, Palmer, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Powell,Purviance,Ready,Ritchie, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin,
Sandidge, Scales, Sewaid, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman,
Shorter, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Talbot, Tap-
pan, Thompson, Tompkins, Vance, Walbndge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EllihuB. Washburne,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—91.
So the bHl was passed.
During thokcall of the roll, .
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Curry had paired
off with Mr* Kilgore.
