1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
bar when his name was called, but that if he had
been he would have voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEKATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbtjry Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed a bill of
the following title, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House of Represent-
atives:
A bill (No. 503) authorizing the President,
with the consent of any Indian tribe, fo expend
their money annuities for educational, agricul-
tural, and other objects that will best contribute to
their piosperity and advancement.
And also, that it had passed, without amend-
ment, a House joint resolution and a House bill of
the following titles:
A joint resolution (No. 45) authorizingTown-
send Harris, United States consul general at
Japan, and H. C. J. Herskin, his interpreter,
respectively to accept a snuff-box from her Ma-
jesty the (iueen of England; and
An act (No. 798) for the relief of James G.
Holmes.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. COBB. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report a bill to amend the act
granting rights of preemption to settlers on the
public lands of the United States. A copy of the
bill has been laid upon the desk of every mem-
ber, in order that they may examine its provisions
for themselves; unless it is now considered or
some time fixed for its consideration, it is difficult
to tell when it will come up for action.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The Clerk is riot
reading the bill 1 have before me.
Mr. COBB. The committee have stricken out
the first part; the words stricken out are these:
"That the piovi.-ions of the net of Congress of the 4th
of September, 18-11, idative to preemption lights, and the
acts amendatory thereof, and the provision?- of the act ot
Congress of the 23d of May, 18-1 1, ' for the relief oi citizens
oftowns upon the lands of the United State*, undfM-certain
cncnmstances,' be and the f-iime are hereby, extended to
the uusuiveyed lands of the United Statn ."
The part stricken out relates to town sites.
There has been a great deal of fraud in these
things; the committee, sir, arc determined to put
down abuses and frauds wherever they may be
shown.
The SPEAKER. Is this bill an original bill,
or is it reported back from the Committee on
Public Lands>
Mr. COBB. I report it from that committee as
an original bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs that in
all cases where the right of preemption shall be
claimed to land not subject to private entry, the
claimant shall file his declaratory statement within
three months, and make the proof, affidavit, and
payment required, within twelve months from
the date of settlement, when, at such date of set-
tlement, the plat of survey, including the land
claimed, shall have been received at the district
land office; but when at such date of settlement
the plat shall not have been received, the claimant
shall file the declaratory statement, and make
proof, payment, and affidavit within the respective
periods of three and twelve months after the re-
ceipt of the plat at the district land office. And
where settlements have already been made on
lands of which the plat of survey has heretofore
been received at the district land ofiice, the declar-
atory statement shall be filed within three months,
and proof and payment be made within twelve
months, after the passage of the act; provided,
that if, at the time the actual survey of the lands
has been made in the field, two or more settlers
shall be found on the same or adjacent quarter sec-
tions, each shall be permitted to enter his improve-
ments, as near as may be, by legal subdivisions.
And in case of a conflict of claims between such
settlers, and a decision that both have settled be-
fore the survey, and either claimant shall receive
under the decision a quantity less than one hun-
dred and sixty acres of the land claimed, such
claimant may be permitted to enter other vacant
and unclaimed adjacent land, by legal subdivis-
ions, to complete the quantity of one hundred and
sixty acres, on furnishing proof, satisfactory to
the register and receiver, that such ac^acent sub-
divisions have no settlement or improvement there-
on; and provided further, that if, at the date of
survey, it shall be found that the dwelling-houses
of two or more settlers are on the same quarter-
quarter section, they shall be entitled to a joint
entry of said quarter-quarter section, and each to
a separate entry of other subdivisions, as herein-
before provided; that the sections of other legal
subdivisions of land reserved to the United States,
alternate to other sections or subdivisions "ranted,
or that may be hereafter granted to the use or in
aid of the construction of any railroad, canal, or
other public improvement, shall be, and they are,
declared subject to settlement and sale under the
preemption laws; and all entries, by preemption,
of any lands in such reserved sections, or other
subdivisions, which, in other respects, have been
regularly made, and have not heretofore been can-
celed at the Geneiai Land Ofiice, shall be, and the
same are confirmed; provided that such confirm-
ation shall operate only to divest all title of the
United States; that no preemption right shall be
allowed to laftds that have never been offered at
publicsale when the settlement theieon shall have
been made within thirty days of the date fixed by
the proclamation of the President for the com-
mencement of the sale of said lands; and in case
a settlement shall have been made within three
months, and more than thirty days before said
date fixed by proclamation, tiie claimant shall
prove a continued residence and inhabitation oil
the tract claimed for a period of not less,than thirty
days next preceding his application to pay for the
hind; and in nil other cases of piu^mption in un-
offered lands the applicant shall prove a continuous
residence and inhabitation on the tract claimed
for a period of not less than three months; that
the eleventh section of the act of September 4,1841,
be so modified that appeals from the decisions of
the district officers, in cases of contest between
different settlers for the rightofpreemption, shall
hereafter be dccided by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, whose decision shall be final,
unless appeal therefrom be taken to the Secretary
of the Inferior withm one vear thereafter; that
this act shall not delay the sale of any of the pub-
lic lands of the United States beyond the tune
appointed by the proclamation of the President
for such sale. The provisions of this act shall
not be available to any person who shall fail to
make the proof and payment, and file the affidavit
requited by law, before the day appointed for the
commencement of the sale aforesaid; and nothing
in this act shall be construed us authorizing the
sale of reserved sections or subdivisions, by pre-
emption, wheie the settlements have been mnde
after the date of reservation, for a price less than
that fixed by the law for the sale of such tracts at
ordinary puvate entry; and that all special acts
and resolutions to be earned out and applied in
specified States and Territories, atid all laws and
parts of laws which are inconsistent with any of
the provisions of this act, shall be, and are super-
seded and annulled.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have decided objections to the passage of this
bill at this time. It is a change of all the pre-
emption laws of the United States, and is one of
the most important subjects on which we can
legislate.
Mr. COBB. I intend, so far as the considera-
tion of this bill is concerned, that the House shall
have ample time to consider it. If the House
were fully aware of the fiauds perpetrated by
those pretending to be pr<emptors they would,at
once, perceive the necessity for the passage of
this bill. Parties emigrate to the western country
where these public lands lie; go out and live one
day and one night in little shanties, that they
carry out on one-horse wagons, and then claim
preemption rights. Sometimes four men go out
and build little cabins for each of them, and then
come back and swear for each other. They thus
get the land, sell to speculators, and leave the
country. Thus it is, that if you go to the west
you will find that, although there are no settle-
ments, the whole land of the country is owned
by speculators. It is to put an end to that sys-
tem, to break up these frauds, that this bill is
reported, which requires actual bona Jide settlers
to remain on the lands at least three jfoonths, to
show that they intend to cultivate and improve
them, thereby adding to the wealth of the na-
tion.
If the House considers it good policy to keep
up this system that T have described, which pro-
motes and encourages iniquity, let It vote down
the bill that I have reported; but if the House
wishes to put down these frauds, aftd to let the
lands of the General Government inure to actual
settlers who will be willing to cultivate them, let
it pass this bill.
Mr. REAGAN. I dosire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the first section of the bill. I
understand him to state that the bill is for the ben-
efit of actual settlers and cultivators of the soil.
Mr. COBB That is so.
M r. IlEAG AN, I ask the gentleman whether,
if a number of persons settle in a town and en-
gage in other pursuits than agriculture, they
would not, under this bill, be entitled to preempt
public lands ?
Mr. COBB. T struck out that part of the bill.
Mi. REAGAN. But you did not strikeout
the proviso.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman had paid atten-
tion to the statement made by me, as chairman
of thevCommittee on Public Lands, he would
have no difficulty in the matter. I now move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill till
the third Tuesday in Fcbiuary, in order that the
House nvty have time to understand it.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, in order that I may offer an
amendment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to suggest to the
House that, in my opinion, this is one of the most
impottanf bills that has been brought before the
House this session. It is a revisal, or entire over-
hauling, of all the preemption laws of the coun-
try, fiom its foundation down to this time. It
repeals everything in relation to the preemption
rights of the people that is inconsistent with the
provisions of this law. 1 have not had sufficient
time to examine the bill; and I imagine that no
member* of tfre House has had time to give it
the thorough examination it needs. I therefore
move that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and on
that I move the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the previous question, and let me offer an
amendment to go with the bill.
Mr. COBB. I have moved to postpone the bill
till the third Tuesday in February.
Mr. GROW. Is an amendment in order while
a motion to postpone is pending?
The SPEAKER. It js not.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the gentleman from.
Alabama will withdraw the motion,in order that
I may offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The same difficulty presents
itself in the motion of the gentleman fiom Mich-
igan, [Mr. Walbiudue.]
"Mi. GROW, i hope both gentlemen will with-
draw their monor.^i, and let me offer this as an
additional section to the bill.
Mr. WALURIDGE. I withdmw my motion,
Mr. COCU. The gentleman can offer it when
the bill eom-'K np
Mr. CROW." But I desire that it shall be
printed, and irya Vviih the ^di.
Mr. COIlo. \Y( 1!, I have no objection to the
prin sit'g of it, and u> iho gentleman's giving notice
to the [louse that he intends to offer it. But it
will get up a controversy here to-day, and there-
fore I do no', want it
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to oiler this as an additional section.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object to everything t x-
eept the pending question. I want to have the
question taken Oil the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama, and I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the motion to
refer pending5
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it not in order
to^make such a motion, pending the motion to
postpone ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not.
The question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama.
