1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, stated that if he had
been within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted for the bill.
Mr, FLORENCE said that he was not quite
satisfied with the bill; but, believing it to be as
good as could now be obtained, he would vote
for it.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, submitted the usual resolution to close
debate on the mail steamer appropriation bill in
five minutes after the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union should proceed to the con-
sideration of the same.
The resolution was adopted.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
bale in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill of the House (No. 875) making
appropriations for the transportation of the Uni-
ted Slates mail, by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal yearending the 30th June, 1860.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make a
proposition, with a view to economize time, and
i hope it will meet with the assent of the commit-
tee. It is that we rise, and report this bill to the
House with a recommendation that it do not pass,
and let a vote be taken on it by yeas and nays. I
do not think it ought to pass at all.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir, I have
an amendment which I desire to submit. It was
omitted in the estimates that were before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when we acted upon
this bill.
I desire briefly to explain the provisions of the
bill. At the last session, Congress passed a bill
making appropriations for the mail steamer ser-
vice for this fiscal year, and a change was made
in the laws providing for the compensation for
carrying the mail by ocean mail steamers. The
changes to which I refer are contained in the
fourth and fifth sections of that bill. They are
as follows:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for the Postmaster General to make any steamship
or other new contiact for carrying the mails on the sea for
a longer ppriod than two years, nor tor any other compensa-
tion than the sea and inland postages on the mails s>o trans-
ported.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be. and he is hereby, authorized to cause the ipails
to be transported between the United States and any foreign
port or port*, by ateamship, allowing and pajmg therefor,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropn-
aied, if" by an Ameriean vessel, the sea and United States
inland postage , and, if by a foieign vessel, the sea postage
only, on tiie mails so conveyed : Provided, That preference
shall he given to an American over a foreign steamship
when departing fiom the frame port for the sanje destina-
tion within !ln«e days of each other."
The Committee of Ways and Means have
framed this bill in pursuance of these sections
of law. Theie were two outstanding contracts
for carrying the mail by ocean steamers at the
time. We have reported, therefore, just so much
money as is necessary to comply with the re-
quirements of these contracts. One of these con-
tracts was for the mail service from New York,
via Panama, to San Francisco; the other is from
New Orleans, via Tehuantepec, to San Francisco,
on the Pacific. The contracts also extended one
of the routes from San Francisco to Astona, and
from Astoria to Puget Sound. We found th«jse
contracts in existence, to continue until the 30th
of September next, when they will expire.
It is true that, in this bill, we appropriate a spe-
cific amount of money for the other ocean mail
service, but wc have appropriated a gum of money
equal to the estimated amount of ocean and inland
postage, which would be applicable under the
fourth and fifth sections of the mail steamer ap-
propriation bill of the last session, which I have
read, to this mail service. To this appropriation,
however, we report this proviso:
Provided, That no further or other compensation shall
he paid by the Postmaster General for mail service on the
aforesaid routes than the sums arising from mail matter car-
ried by them on the said routes, respectively, unless in the
case of an existing unexpired contract on said routes.
InHhis way we endeavor to execute the law as
we find it on the statute-book. We appropriate,
in the first place, an amount of money sufficient
to comply with the contracts which expire on the
30th of September next, and then so much as,
under the third and fourth sections of the ocean
mail steamship appropriation bills of the last ses-
sion, it is estimated the postages applicable for
this purpose would amount to.
Now, sir, I merely desire to cali the attention
of the committee to an amendment which I shall
offer to the bill. I have before me a letter of the
Third Assistant Postmaster General, the financial
officer of the Post Office Department, in which
these facts appeffr. It seems that, prior to the pas-
sage of the bill of the last session, to which I have
referred, the Postmaster General entered into a
contract for mail service from New Orleans, by
the Tehuantepec route, to San Francisco, for one
year, commencing on the 1st of September last,
to continue for one year. No estimates were sent
on which appropriations were made at the last
Congress for the present year. The service on
the route did not commence until the 1st of No-
vember. There arises, therefore, a deficiency for
the service on that route from the 1st of Novem-
ber last until the 30th of June next, during the
present fiscal year. I propose, therefore, at the
proper time, to introduce an amendment for meet-
ing this deficiency, which arises for the eight
^months'service performed on that route during
the present fiscal year. The amount, under the
contract, for the year, was to be $250,000; making,
for the two thirds of the year in which service
was performed during the present fiscal year, an
amount of $lt>6,666 6G%, which 1 shall move, at
the proper time, to add to the amount here appro-
priated.
The committee here informally rose; and
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act authorizing the en-
rollment, register, and license, of certain steam-
boats and vessels, owned by the Buffalo and Lake
Huron Company;
When the Speaker signed the same.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend, by striking
out the following clauses of the bill:
" That the following sunn It?, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, fo-- the sei vice of the Post Oftiec Department,
lor the year ending the 30th oi June, 1280, out of any money
in the Treasury anting tiom the revenues of said Depart-
ment. in conlotrnity to the act of the 2d'of July, 1&3G ;
"For the tianspoitat.on of the mails by Meatnihips be-
tween the United State?, and Southampton, Liverpool, Bre-
men, Havre, or such other port or poit« in Euiope as the
Postmaster Geiffial may direct, "
And insert in lieu thereof, as follows:
That a line ot mail steam.ships be, and the same in here-
by, established, nndet the control ol "The National Steam-
ship Company/'lor semi weekly service between the Uni-
ted Slates andEtnope. Theie shall l e two divisions ofthe
setviec: the fir-t division shall be in alternate trips, from
the poits of Portland, Bo&ton, New Yoik,and Philadelphia,
to Southampton, England ; the second division shall be m
alternate trips from Baltimore, Norfolk, Ohaileston, Savan-
nah, and New Oilcans, to the poir of Southampton, in Eng-
land. The departure* sha'l be fixed and determined by
such schedule as the Postmaster Geneial may adopt, to give
one departure in each week to and horn thf  ports of the
South, and one departure in  'ach week to and from the
poru of tne North ; and the steameis in their voyages ftom
and to New Oileans, shall much at the ports of Havana,
Cuba, Santander, in Spain, and Boideaux, m France.
Sec. 2 And be it further enactcd, That the Postmaster
Genet.xl is hereby authorized and directed to contract with
Ambiose W. Thompson, president o' said National Steam-
ship Conipanv, for the aforesaid mail service, which shall
be performed*by not less than six steamers for the fir-t di-
vision ; each of sa'd steamer* shall not be of than two
thousand tons measurement, well adapted to mail purposes,
and which shall, only after inspection, he accepted ioi the
service of the Postmaster Genual. The seiviee of this
fust diviMOn sha.ll commence within unit tj dav? Irom the
! date, of the acceptance of the *hips by the Postmaster
' General. The seivicc of the second division *hail bo.per-
foimed by not less than eight reamers ; the -aid steamer*
shall not exceed tluee thnu-and ton-uuM-urenient each, be
well adapted to mail put po&e*, and to the depth ot watei of
the southern poit.-; they >\u\U be conducted in the highest
sute of improvement, m such mannci as to make them
available for tianspoit ship-, and capable of eairying n,°d
eiate batteries; the seiviee of thus second division shall
commence wuhin twelve months from the date of contract.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Treasury ts hereby authorized and directed to advance,
under the terms of the contract, the bonds of the United
States, bearing five percent, coupons, payable semi-annu-
ally, and the principal payable m twenty years, towards the
construction and equipment of said eight steamships for
the southern division, to the amount of two-thirds of the
whole cost of the said eight steamships, the said advance
to be made from time to tune, as the construction shall
progress, under the inspection and supervision of such per-
son as may be appointed therefor by the Postmaster Gen-
eral ; this advance to be returned to the Treasury in annual
payments of ten per centum, commencing at the end of the
second year of the service of said steamers, and continu-
ing until the whole amount is repaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the mail pay for
the service of the said steamers shall be the gross sum of
the land and sea postages on mailable matter carried in the
said steamers during the whole term of the contract, pro-
vided the said compensation shall not he less during the
first three years of the service than the rate ef two dollais
for each statute mile of distance run by the said steamers;
and should this exceed the sum of postage receipt-*, then
such excess shall be deducted from the receipts ot the last
three years of the contract. The postage receipts shall go
into the general fund of the Post Office Department, and be
paid therefrom monthly to the contractor, and the excess
of payment, if any. as aforesaid, during the first three years
ofthe service, shall be paid from the general appropriations
made to the Post Office Department- From this monthly
amount the Postmaster General shall deduct in each month
the prorata proportion of the interest maturing upon the
bonds advanced towards the construction of said ships,
which amount shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States for the put pose of meeting the coupons upon said
£)onds. And he shall also retatn, after the end of the sec-
ond year's service of said steamers, ten percentum in each
year of the amount advanced for construction until the
amount of said advance is fully repaid to the Treasury of
the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of securing the Government for the amount advanced, a
mortgage lien shall be executed to the Government, the
steamers shall be insured in good insurance companies,
and policies to the amount of said advance shall be depos- %
ited with the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the contract for
mail service shall be for ten years for each division of said
service; and further, to alter and determine the departures"
ofthe whole of sat d service, with con^eiw ofthe contractor,
but in no way to diminish the whole number of departures
for semi-weekly service. One spare steamer shall be kept
in readiness in Great Britain and one in the United States
to supply any accidental or contingent want, to keep the
service regulai and the days of departure exact; and when
not emploj ed, either or both of the said steamei s shall be
subject to the orders of the Navy Department, upon leason-
able compensation being made therefor; and the Govern-
ment shall have the privilege at any tune to purchase or
employ any or all the said vessels, upon terms to be decided
by arbitrators mutually chosen, if the parties cannot agree;
and when so employed they may be armed and equipped
lor such purposes as the Government may require.
Mr. ENGLISH. That amendment, as I un-
derstand it, proposes to establish a new system
of ocean mail service which would cost the Gov-
ernment $5,000,000 a year. It is new legislation,
and I object to it on tne ground that it is not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order. This is a general
appropriation bill to provide for carrying out ex-
isting laws. The amendment, if admitted, would
establish entirely new legislation, and the Chair
therefore decides that it is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and I desire to stato
the grounds of my appeal. The law, as it now
stands, referred to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, is contained in the
fourth and fifth sections of the mail ateamor ap-
propriation bill of last session. The fourth sec-
tion reads thus:
" And be it further enacted,*-That it shall not be lawful
for the Postmaster General to make any steamship or other
new contiact for carrying the mails on the sea for a longer
period than two years, nor for any other compensation than
the sea and inland postages on the mails so transported."
That section has reference to the transportation
of the mails by ocean steamship between San
Francisco and Oregon and Washington Territory.
The fifth section is:
" And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be. and id hereby, authorized to cause the mails to be
transported between the United States and any foreign port
or ports, by steamship, allowing and paying thereof out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; if
by an American vessel the sea and United States inland
postage, and if by a foreign vessel the sea postage only, on
I1 the mails so conveyed : Provided, That the prclcrence t-lmll
always be given to an Ameriean over a foreign steamship
when departing from the same port tor the same destination
within thiee days of each other."
Now, the point on which I base my appeal is
that this is a general law authorizing the Post-
master General to cause the moils to be trans-
ported between the United States and foreigji
p©rts by steamships. This amendment simply
designates the routes whieh the Postmaster Gen-
