1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
eral shall select, on two divisions. The first di-
vision isforsteamers from Portland, Boston,New
York, and Philadelphia. The second is from Bal-
' timorc, Norfolk, Charleston, Savannah, and New
Orleans. Now, then, the Postmaster General
having already the power to put in operation all
these lines, this amendment simply says they
shall be put in operation and provides the means.
I submit that the amendment is no more compre-
hensive in its operations than the law of the last
session contemplated. If you have the right to
appropriate money to carry out the contracts al-
ready entered into for the next fiscal year, then
you have the right to put additional routes, con-
templated by the law of the last session, into
operation; and I submit that the amendment is in
conformity with the law of the last session, and
clearly in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. There is a material differ-
ence between thfe law of the last session and the
amendment of the gentleman from Maiike,
Mr. SEWARD. Not at all.
Mr. ENGLISH. The law of the last session
provides that no compensation higher than the
postages on letters carried, shall be allowed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN.' This is an appropriation
bill to carry out existing laws. The act read by
the gentleman from Georgia, authorizes the Post~
master General to make contracts for transport-
ing the mail. He has not, however, made con-
tracts for transporting the mail in accordance with
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Maine. If
adopted, the effect of this amendment would be
to establish new lines, which have not heretofore
♦ been established by law, and which have not
been established under the law by a contract
made by the Postmaster General. The Chair,
therefore, decides the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. ENGLISH. In addition to that, I want
to call the attention of the committee to the fact
that the amendment proposes that the Geneial
Government shall advance two thirds of the cost
of eight of these steamships, which is entirely
different from the existing law.
The question being 44 Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. PHKLPS, of Missouri* demanded tellets.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Bryan and
Buffjnton weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chan was sustained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out all after
the wotd *' Treasury," in the following clause:
" That the following sums he, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, lor the s-<*rvieo of lite l'o-.t Ofhee Depai iim'iit
lor ihe vearending the DUthof June. 18l>0, out of anv money
in the Treasury aiisinu hom the revenue* of s-atd Depart-
ment. in conioiimty to the net of the 2d oi .'uty, IBM.1"
And to insert in lieu thereof the words, " not
othetwise appropria ed." ^
Mr. Chanman, 1 propu.se that amendment in
ordei to piepaiv the way foi another amendment
winch I ahull offer at the proper time. The effect
of this amendment would be to have the money
which is appropriated paid out of the Tieasury,
instead of from the contingent fund of the Post
Oiiiee Department. It makes no other change
than that. My other amendment, which 1 shall
offer piesently, is as follows:
New Yotk and Liveipool, and between New York and
Havre and i'lenien, &f>()U.0(;0.
And the Po-tm.i-u r General is hereby authoiized and
rei)uue(J to eonuaet wnii responsible puties lor the con-
vey uueeot the uiaih, for a penod not exceeding ten year*,
in American -unium1!^ <>i ^tillable build and speed foi nuul
M-rvic', twice monthly li m Kevv Voik to Livoipool. ouee
monthly to Bienieu, via Southampton, and once monthly
to Havre.
It will be perceived, sir, that those are existing
lines which have been in operation for a seiies of
years. The amendment is only for the purpose
of giving efficiency to the ocean mail service, and
it modifies the bill for that purpose, it does not
change the lines, for they have been in existence
for a long time. Therefore, I think that the ques-
tion of order cannot be made on my amend-
ment.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
tins amendment notifies us m advance of the ef-
fort which is to be made to change the act of the
last session of Congi ess, to which 1 have referred.
The object is, that the sums specified here should
be paid to those ocean steamers for the transpor-
tation of the mails from the Treasury direct. It
strikes at the proviso, which is in these words:
ei Provided, That no further or other compensation shall
he paid by thf> Postmaster General for mail service on the
aforesaid routes than the sums arising from mail matter ear-
ned by them on the said routes, respectively, unless in the
case of an existing unexpired contract on said routes."
Where there are no existing contracts, and
where there were none in force at the time of the
passage of the act to which I have referred, by
existing law, no overcompensation can be made
for the transportation of your mails by ocean
steamers than the postages upon the mail matter
they shall transport. Here is an attempt to estab-
lish a precedent for paying from the Treasury
the amounts appropriated here, without regard
to the postages. I presume that it will be fol-
lowed by a motion to strike out the proviso I have
read. To those who wish to maintain the'exist-
ing Utw, I say, hete the battle is to be fought on
this first amendment; fon, if it succeeds, it will be
followed up by other amendments to strike out
the proviso on the third page of the bill. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. If the views of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Moans be correct, it will
be seen that the appropriations contemplated by
this bill are to be paid out of money in the Treas-
ury arising out of the revenue of the said Depart-
ment, in conformity with the act of 2d July, 1856.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Now read the
proviso.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No; that is enough.
The law specifies a mode of payment; and the
proposition of tiie gentleman, as I understand it,
is to change that law, and direct these obligations
to be met by pay merits direct from theTieasuryf
instead of fiom the Post Office Department. Jt
clmnges the fund designated by law for the pay-
ment of this service, and is a direct changc of the
law itself.
Mr. GARNETT. I would remind my colleague
that it also repeals existing laws, passed last yes- !
sion, forbidding these eontracN.
Mr. S\1 ITW, of Vnginia. We all understand
that. The Chair will readily perceive that this
makes a change m the law, and is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair oven ules the
point of order, on the ground that it only directs
iiow the appropriation shall be made.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is out of oid T, because it pio-
poses to order the Postmaster General to make a
contract which is m violation of existing law.
The CHAIRMAN The gentleman from Vir~
'ginia will perceive, that tins amendment does not
authorize the Postmaster General to make con-
tiacts. The Chair overrules the point of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Horton's
amendment; and it was lejected.
Mr. liORTON. 1 now offer the amendment
which 1 lead a few moments since.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 «ise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment proposes to repeal
an existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the pom t
of order well taken.
Mr. HORTON. 1 wish to say a few words on
the question of order. 1 deny that the amend-
ment does propose to change existing law. The
law authorizes the Postmaster General to contract
for carrying the mails between the poi is named in
my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is the question of
order debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is a question of
fact between the gentleman from Missouri and
the gentleman from Ohio, as to whether this is a 1
violation of an existing law. I suppose it is com-'
petent for the gentleman to state what is the law 1
on the subject. !
Mr. PH'ELPS, of Missouri. Debute is not in
order. An appeal lies if the gentleman is dissat-
isfied.
j| • Mr. HORTON. I take an appeal from the de-
| cisioti of the Chan, asserting my belief that the :
'! statement of the gentleman fiom Missoun is a
i mistake. '
;! Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The amend-
'l ment of the gentleman from Ohio pioposes to
jj strikeout the words having refeienee to an ex-
ii isung service, under existing law, between the !
United States, Southampton, Liverpool, Bremen,
Havre, or such other ports as is directed.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order*
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to pre-
sent a point to the Chair to show that this amend-
ment cannot be out of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to de*
bate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tell*
ers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs* Chaffee
and Barr were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 54.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. REWARD. 1 move to Strike out from
line nine to line thirteen inclusive, as follows:
" For the transportation of the mails by steamships be-
tween the United States and Southampton, Liverpool, Bre-
men, Havie, oi such other pori or ports in Europe as the
Postmaster General may direct. #423,2^2 "
Now, if these contracts are already in exist-
ence, and the appropriations in this hill are to
carry out existing laws or contracts, then this sec-
tion is an enlargement of the powers conferred on
the Postmaster General by the act of 1858. It
says: tl or to such other port or.ports in Europe
as the Postmaster General may direct." Now,
if the contracts aie already m existence, this
clause is a proposition to change existing law,
and the bill is subject to amendment to any ex-
tent, to enlarge the whole of this ocean mail
steamer service; and I maintain that wd should
have an equal division of that service between the
North and the South, Unless this clause is
stiickfm out, I shall offer an amendment to pro-
vide for lines departing from Portland, Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia, on the one side, and
from Baltimore, Charleston, Savannah, and New
Orleans, on the other side. Let us have an equal
division of the money of this Government, if this
ocean mail steamer system is to he kept up.
I put it to the Chair and the committee to tell
me what this expicssion, " or such other port or
ports in Europe as the Postmaster General may
direct," means, if it does not mean that he has
unlimited power, within the range of this four
hundied-odd thousand dollars sought to be ap-
propnated, to put on any number of steamers to
and fiom any ports he may select? I ask the
Chair to compute this paragraph with the fifth
section of the act of 1858, and sec whether it
does not enlarge the powers of the Postmaster
General? 1 say it does, if the English language
means anything; and 1 protest against the South
being stricken down by any rule laid down by
tlie Committee of Ways and Means, or by any
ingenuity of theits m draughting their bills.
Now, if the Chair, as a lawyer, will compare
this paiagraph of the bill underconsideration with
the fifth section of the act of 1858, he is bound
to come to the conclusion that it does enlarge the
powets of the Postmaster General, and that,un-
der this bill, hi; can make new con ti acts any where
within the i ,40U,00U. 'Hits bill, then, changes
the exisiing law; and this is the way in which,
at eveiy session, the bills of the Committee of
Ways and Means are ingeniously draughted and
covered up. And yet, when other members oiler
amendments of the same character, the Chairman
is called upon to cnfoice the rules of order strin-
gently, y-o that we can get no proposition through
which will pi event one entire section of the Union
from being excluded from the benefits of this
service.
Now, sir, how is the commerce of the South to
; be extended ? You collect seatcely any revenue
; in the southern ports, for the reason that, by this
kind of Govei nment patronage, you du ect nearly
all the foreign commerce to New Yoik, so that
: two thirds of the entire revenue of the Govern-
i ment is collected at^that port. Yet, we have been
: told that Now York pays her own postage, and
■ that the South does not. How can the South pay
us own postage or build up any considerable for-
eign commerce when, by your action here, you
concentrate all the avenues of commerce and trade
to tins gre ; t emporium? Sir, 1 appeal to this
House, 1 appeal to the heart of southern men, to
know when we shall get rid of th.s thing - 1 have
no disposing) to make war upon New Yoik or
Philadelphia; I would do no injustice to them; but
1 insist upon a fair division of the funds of the
Government to be appiopnated for the extension
