1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
of the commerce of my portion of the country. 1
want that our southern ports shall be the recip-
ients of an equal amount of Government patron-
age with the northern ports. I want encourage-
ment, so that we may be able to get up some sort
of direct trade with foreign ports, that we may col-
lect some revenue, and that we may assume a
respectable position in the nation in respect to
commerce, and that we may be able to assume
that position in.the nation which our agricultural
interests entitle us to. I say that it is a disgrace
to southern men on this floor to give everything
'to the North and nothing to the South, as you
are doing.
Mr. RITCHIE. I suppose it is in order to
amend the section before the vote is taking on
striking out. I move to amend in the tenth line,
by striking out the words " the United States,"
and inserting the words " New York;" so that
the paragraph, as amended, will read:
For the transportation ol the mails by steamships between
New York anil Southampton, Liverpool, Bremen, Havre,
or such other port or port- in Euiope as the Postmaster
General may direct, $426,282.
As the clause now stands, it leaves it discre-
tionary with the Postmaster General to start a
line of steamships from any port on the Atlantic,
Pacific, or Gulf coast. * Now, I believe that New
York is the only port which has lines of steam-
ships running to these ports; and I think, there-
fore, that that point should be designated in the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say a
few words in reply to the gentleman fiom Geor-
gia, [Mr. Seward.] He speaks of his desire to
see a division of the benefits that arc to result
from th^se ocean mail steamship contacts for
the transportation of the ocean mails to foreign
countries. Me seems to characterize this bill as
prepared with a design to exclude the South from
any benefits under this act. Air. Chairman, the
gentleman certainly cannot have #'Xommed the
lawand the appropriation here submitted. What
is proposed m the first paragraph of which he
complains, and which he moves to strike out? It
provides for the transportation of the United
States mails between the United States and cer-
tain foreign ports in Europe, not naming the poi ts
in the United States from whiefcthe lines are to
start. The bill, therefore, makes no discrimina-
tion against southern ports; it is merely framed
in pursuance of existing laws for the purpose of
carrying them out in good faith.
Mr. SEWARD. Aie not all these contracts
for which tins bill provides already made and
settled ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Not at all.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, that only
strengthens my position.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Postmaster
General is authonzed to contract for the trans-
portation of the mails between any port of the
United Slates and any foieign port here named,
and to make, as compensation therefor,any sum
which shall not except! the amount of postage
derived from the mail matter carried. I call the
attention of the gentleman to the language of the
fifth section of the act of the last session:
" That the Po-tmdstcr Gcnoial be, ami !><; if- lu-reby, au-
thorized to cause the minis to he transported between the
United States and any (oreij n poit or ports by steamship?.'5
> Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir., has not the Post-
master General entered into cotiuacts for cairy-
mg the mails under that fifth section ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouu. lie may make
any contract for the term of two yeais; but he is
authonzed to pay no compensation that shall ex-
ceed the amount of postage deiived ftom the mails
carried by the vessels with which he contiaots.
Contracts have been made by the Postmaster
General under these restrictions forshort periods,
and they may be made by him with vessels stall-
ing from Boston, Philadelphia, Charleston, and
New Otleans, as weli as fioiu New York.
Mr. REWARD. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
one question. This fifth section of the act ot last
session is general in its provisions. It does not
prescribe, as I understand, any place from winch
the mailsshall leave the United States. It simply
says it shall be from the United States. Now, 1
ask the gentleman why it is that he fixes the tei-
mmus at the other end of the route at Southamp-
ton, Liverpool, Bremen, and Havre, uniess the
intention was to give this patronage to JNew \ oik;
foY the gentleman knows there are lines ot steam-
ers running from New York, and from no other
port in the United States to-these points? Why
did he not allow the Postmaster General, in his
discretion, to fix the terminus at the other end of
the route at any port in Europe, if it was his in-
tention to give the advantage of this mail service
to other ports in the United States as well as New
York?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. For the very
reason that the law requires the mails to be car-
ried from some point in the United States to those
points designated; butitdoes not exclude the Post-
master General from entering into contracts to
transport the mails to these foreign ports from the
cities of Boston, Baltimore, Charleston, or any
other port in the United States; and therefore it
is that I say that every portion of the country
will derive equal benefit from the provisions of
this bill where there is sufficient enterprise to or-
ganize these foreign lines of steamships.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment offered by Mr. Ritchie-was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Seward's mo-
tion to strike out.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suppose it is still
in order to perfect the clause proposed to be
stiicken out. I move to amend by striking out
in the twelfth and thirteenth lines, " $426,282."
Mr. Chan man, if this motion succeed, it will
render nugatory the paiagraph to which it is at-
tached. That, sir, is my desire and design. It is
my purpose, if the committee shall agree with me,
to render ineffectual this whole provision. The
i paragraph is based strictly upon the law of the
last session, and a more iniquitous and unjust
law, not to New Yoik alone, but to the whole
country, was never passed.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not confining his remarks to
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is confining his remarks to the amendment,
which is to sfuke out the whole appropriation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Although 1 pro-
pose this as an amendment to the bill, i suppose
that my argument will be as much of an amend-
ment to the amendment, if the facts which I shall
give are reliable; and I believe they are. A more
iniquitous and unjust law toihecbmmon interests
of this countiy, than the one which was enacted
here at the last session of Congress, never has
entered into the mind of a Congress, either to con-
ceive or to enact. Under us effects, our ocean
steamers, with the exception of two, have been
driven from the ocean. There are but two now
employed in plying the ocean between European*
and American shoies. Sir, they are notable to
accomplish their voyages with the niggardly as-
sistance rendered by witue of this law. The sei-
vice, indeed, lendeied by its provisions to any-
body, has been rendered to English capitalists
and the English Government alone. Pour fifths
of the postages upon American letters, find their
way into the English exchequer. Of the million
and over of Amencan postages received by the
English Government, $bOO,UUO are paid in the
shape of subsidies to the Cunard steamers, and
;j $150,000 to the Galway line, leaving a surplus
j, something like sixty-six thousand dollars to be
:■ given to any othei line for which English eapi-
j| tahsts may ask assistance from the English Gov-
m eminent. These I believe to be reliable figures;
and what has been the effect upon American
j: steameis ? The effect has been this: the steam-
ei's which have be^ii constructed by American
1 capitalists, have been fated to be tied up to their
jj wharves. Of the forty-one steamers navigating
: the ocean, between Europe and Amenca, two
■ only are Amencan steamers; whereas, in 1855,
I' out of the thirteen then navigaungxhe ocean be-
: tween the same shores, nine were Amencan
!1 steamers. Why is this? It is because, under
our piesent contract system, theie is no assur-
:! a nee of cei tain or definite compensation by which
J American capital may be allured to the support
■ of American steamship lines. It avoids them; it
j, forsakes them; and thus all our ocean steamer m-
;i terests are falling—nay, have fallen—into the
i hands foreign to those of Amencan capitalists,
i! Sir, tins is the present condition of our steam
i! marine affairs; a condition produced by the un-
ji just operation of this law.
It' [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, if I rightly
understand the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, it is to annul a law by refusing the
appropriation necessary to carry it into effect. I*
understand the gentleman to avow that such is
his object. If I have misunderstood him, 1 beg
to be corrected. I confess that I am a little as-
tonished to hear that gentleman, of all others,
avow such a purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
know of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, whether the amount of $426,000,
now proposed to be stricken out, is the exact
amount that is necessary to supply existing con-
tracts upon existing lines.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand that mnount
to have been fixed upon for the reason that that
was the estimated amountof postages for one year
for the service, the object being to pay for this
service the amount of postages derived, and no
more.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will answer the gentleman
from Kentucky directly. In regard to what has
been said by the gentleman from New York, if
this attempt to make sea-steamer service self-sus-
taining is not in accordance with the views he has
taken, and if it is not a pajrt of the system of re-
trenchment and reform to which I behove the
gentleman has been pledged, 1 ask him to tell us
now why it is that when he pledges himself to a
system of retrenchment and reform, when the
object of this is to reinstate—when what was
done at the last session was to reinstate—the
old law, which gave postage to the earner, I
ask him why, now, instead of seeking to change *
the law, he is not willing, m this instance, to
pursue retrenchment and reform? I ask him why
he attempts to annul a law by refusing, what I
conceive to be the plain duty of every member of
Congress, to vote the appropriation necessary to
carry the law into effect'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My simple answer
is this: as there are no vested ughts under this
law, if we can save $426,282, and upon my mo-
tion, I shall be proud, m this House, as being the
best reformer of you ail. But, in another view,
I am for annulling this law, because, while 1 am
for retrenchment and reform at the sacrifice of our
citizens, I am not, for retrenchment and refoim
which shall be for the benefit of the citizens ot a
foreign country.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then the gentleman shifts
his ground, and I am glad that he does. He said
that he wanted to annul the law. I tell the gen-
tleman that he does not save a dollar, if he will
read a little further on in the bill, he will find that
his idea of saving $426,000 is a pure fiction; because
Ins $426,000—and I state it to thegenth-man from
Kentucky at the same time—is nn-rely stated, if
I understand it rightly, as the maximum amount
of postages, an outside amount beyond what can
be received, and, therefore, the largest sum which
can be paid; and, whether tin1 gentleman succeeds
in striking it out or not, he will not change the
law, or save the Government a dollar. I imagine
the gentleman's real object has been reached. It
is to express his sympathy with those of his own
city, who have lost tins petti onage. 1 have nothing
to say against their enjoyment of it; but, as I said
before, the gentleman must p<*idon me if In- does
not get his full share of sympathy from other sec-
tions, towards which he is far less considerate,
and towards which he is fond of applying, and to
a greater extent, his system of letrenciiment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out "four,"and to insert" throe.," It is known
to some of the committee, though, perhaps, not
to all, that we have postal treaties with fyteign
nations. One of the first provisions of these ti fa-
ties is that we shall not sail our mail steamers fi om
this country on the day the Britisn steamers leave.
The consequence of this provision is, thai we aie
obliged to give all the mails, down to^the day of
departure, to a Butish steamer. 1 hnt js not
all. By the existing law, as it now stands, we
do all the work of the mails, bent by the British
steamers, for nothing. Dots the ot mmi:iee un-
derstand that that is equivalent to a charge on us
of about one hundred and fiftv thousand dollars a
year, in the shape of commission, to post mascei s?
Nor is this all. We pay to England sixteen
and one half cents an ounce on all mail matter
