1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
brought to England, and passing through that
kingdom to the continent of Europe. Thatis equiv-
alent to $150,000 more; so that we are now pay-
*ing, to foster British enterprise, $300,000 a year.
Besides that, the amount collected by our post-
masters has to be paid in London, so that we ab-
solutely have to pay a premium of $7,000. We
do their work for nothing, and pay them premi-
ums besides.
1 mention these things to let the Committee see
what grievances we are laboring under. And
what is the consequence? Why, under these dis-
advantageous circumstances, our steamers, even
under the management of a Vanderbilt, hajfe been
unable to maintain the struggle, in consequence
of the bonuses paid to the English lines. To be
sure, ftiere is a treaty for the. transit to Canada;
but there is no corresponding equivalent in that.
The consequence is that our lines have disap-
peared from the ocean. Collins is expired; Van-
derbilt is hauled off. The contract that was made
for two years is now abandoned. Instead of act-
ing in this way England has doubled her service,
and is going to run her steamers twice a week.
Under the existing postal arrangements, England
is going to monopolize our mail in spite of all our
enterprise and skill. At this time, under this
wretched, vile, extraordinary system, we have
to-day millions of capital sunk in our magnificent-
steamers that are lying up at the wharves of New
York, rotting and wasting with the ravages of
time. I say this thing ought to be corrected. Its
correction is demanded by the highest considera-
tions of public duty. And what is the remedy?
% It is for us to have nothing to do with these postal
arrangements; but to carry our mail abroad and
let the foreigner bring his mail to us. Let us
have the mails made up by our own people and
carried abroad, and levy on them what we choose,
say twenty cents a letter. Let us carry the mails
to Europe, and let the foreigners carry theif mails
to us. We will thus get our equal share of the
business. It is in that spirit that I propose this
amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
for the simple reason that the argument which 1
shall present in opposition to his amendment is an
argument in favor of the amendment which I sub-
mitted. £ was very happy to hear from my friend
from Pennsylvania; and although I disagreed
with him in many of his remarks, yet I was most
happy to perceive that the old emulation between
the city which lie represents, in part, and the city
which \, in part, represent on "tins floor, has been
worthily revived. Yet, if he had alluded to the
position which I occupy in this argument and on
this amendment, he would have tound no occa-
sion for even so just and worthy a revival as that
which I have attributed to him. Sir, I do not
stand here to represent the interests of New York
alone. I represent, in the argument that I propose
to the ear of the committee, the broad interests of
the commercial portions of this Republic; and those
in tmesis are as common, as genera I, as unbounded,
as the Republic itself. Whether these steamers
shall have their western terminus at New York, or
Charleston, or Savannah, or Portland, or New
Orleans, is a matter of no importance, in \icw of
the argument that I submit—an argument which,
if it moves on proper fleets, will show that the in-
terests of all these portions and sections of the
Union are sufleiing m comparison with the inter-
ests of tiie English empire.
Sir, it matters not from which point or port
your steamer takes its departure. It matters not
what sum you may fix as the remunerating rec-
ompense for the postal service. If it be but rec-
onciled to the state of commerce at your various
ports, itwiil receive no more and no less than the
postages will warrant; and no line of steamers
will continue to ply for one day from any port
where the amount of postages will not warrant its
continuation. j
Sir, this is no local or sectional question. It is |
as broad and general as the interests of the coun- ;
try; and whenever the commeice of a port war- !
rants communication with another port, by steam- J
ers, these ocean steam lines will exist; and whether ;
such communication will be from ports at the '
North or the South, will depend entirely on the ■
development of lines of internal commerce com- t
municaung with the place, us resources, and its |
general prosperity.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Smith, of Virginia, to the amendment; and
it was rejected.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "four" and inserting "six."
I ask the attention of the committee for a few mo-
ments to the reasons which I shall present in fa-
vor of my amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from New York. It has been stated,
by the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, that the law restricts the
Postmaster General to the ocean and inland post-
ages. I wish to state, forthe information of the com-
mittee, that the ocean and inland postages amount
to between twelve and thirteen hundred thousand
dollars; and if my amendment be adopted, there
will be weekly service between the port of New
York and the ports of Europe, or fifty-two round
voyages a year, as the Cunard line now makes.
It is but fair to suppose, that if wc have a system
of weekly service between New York and the
European ports, we shall divide the postages
with Great Britain. The sea and inland post-
ages amount to more than twice six hundred and
twenty thousand dollars a year, so that we shall, if
my amendment prevails, support our lines well,
and pay no more money than heretofore. The
gentleman from Virginia is right in saying that
we work for the British Government for nothing,
and pay them $150,000 a year for the privilege of
working for them for nothing. All that is requi-
site for us to do is simply to organize in this bill
a common-sense business system—to have weekly
service between New York and the European
ports, fifty-two round voyages a year. Twelve
thousand dollars a round trip will be paid, and
more than paid for by the sea and inland post-
ages which will be realized under that system.
Mr. Chairman, the British Government re-
ceives, over and above its subsidy to the Cunard
line, $8,000 a trip, fifty-two times a year. By our
want of system, by the want of that degree of
perspicacity which we ought to exercise, we al-
low them to put into their pockets our money,
and thus withdraw the means of supporting our
own mail steamers.
Sir, the only other way is to abrogate the postal
conventions between this Government and the
European Governments, and let the ocean postal
scrvico go to the steam lines that will carry the
mails for the pontages. But, if you adopt this
plan which I propose, you can pay these steam-
ship owners and accommodate the public. Let
our steamers sail on alternate days with the Cu-
nard line, and then there will really be steam
communication between our ports and the Euro-
pean ports twice every week m the year. We
can do this for what we now pay to the Cunard-
ers, and the little stipends we pay to the few
steamers we have in operation, f submit that the
common sense and business judgment of the com-
mittee ought not to hesitate a moment to adopt
this system.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HASKIN. I move to amend the clause
under consideration, by striking out" $426,282,"
and inserting, in lieu thereof, the following:
The sum or sums of money that maybe received for
the tiansportation of the mails between the ports afoiesaid,
bcverally mid respectively. ,
I am induced to offer this amendment by the
statement which has been made by the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, that the amount of $426,000 in this clause
is made up from a calculation of the amount that
will be received for postages between the ports
designated. My object is to make this branch
of the postal service of the country self-sustain-
ing. I am qoposed to these enormous and ex-
travagant mail steamer contracts. I am rather m
favor of free tiade, in connection with the sub-
ject of carrying the mails between this country
and Europe; and I am satisfied that this is a branOn
of the public service to which Congress should
apply the principles of reform and retrenchment.
When this bill is examined in detail, it will be
found that it proposes to appropriate $2,194,067
for mail steamship contracts for carrying the
mails for one year.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
is mistaken as to the amount.
Mr. IIASIC1N. No, sir. Here are clauses
providing for carrying the mails on some lines
for only three and six months; but making the
allowance at the same rate for the whole year,
and you have the aggregate amount I have stated.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from New York is mistaken as to the amount
appropriated by this bill. It is only $1,222,312.
There is, as he states, an appropriation for the
New Orleans and California line, for the first
quarter of the next fiscal year; but he will find
the appropriation for the three next quarters ih a
preceding portion of the bill.
Mr. HASKIN. With all due deference to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and-Means,
I state that I am correct in my statement as to
the amount. Here is a clause;
" For the transportation of the mails by steamships from
New York amd New Orleans to San Francisco, California,
via Panama, and hack, from the 1st October, 1859, to 30tii
June, 1860, $248,467 50."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is for nine
months.
Mr. HASKIN. I made a mistake of three
months, then. Now, sir, I am informed that the
other branch of Congress has passed a bill in-
creasing the rates of postage to five cents—a bill
which will never receive my vote, because I am
in favor of the cheapest possible dissemination of
intelligence through the mails. I say it is im-
portant that we should here set the example, and
vote against these enormous contracts, which are
corrupting the legislation of the country, and cor-
rupting tne elections of the country. I am op-
posed to these contracts, as I said before, upon
the principle that the postage should pay for the
transportation of the mails; that these ocean con-
tracts should be self-sustaining; and I hope that
the amendment which I have proposed, confining
the payments for this mail service to the amount
actually received for the mail matter carried, will
be adopted.
Mr. ENGIJSH. I will only say, in reply to
the gentleman from New York, that if he will
refer to the third page of the bill, and read from
the fortieth to the forty-fourth lines, he will find
that the amounts to be paid for this service are
limited to what is actually received in the shape
of postages.
Mr. CLARK%of New York. Is it in order to
offer an amendment to the second section of this
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to oppose
the amendment which has been offered; and I
shall proceed to make some remarks in addition
to those submitted by me when I was up before.
In the first instance,as ageneral proposition, my
objection is the same as that of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haskin] who last addressed the
committee. But, Mr. Chairman, it is a fact that
the Cunarders now receive fiom this country the
sum of $800,000 to sustain them in their enter-
prise. Great Britain has had, since 1840, a
weekly line of steamers, at a compensation of
$800,000 a year. She has, within the last six
months, extended the contract from 1862 to 1868,
and has also increased the service to two trips a
week. Hamburg has a semi-monthly line, and
Bremen also; thus making one hundred and fifty-
two trips per annum, or three a week. The conse-
quence was that, for the past year, these foreign
steamers earned $1,016,792 out of the total amount
of $1,378,147; leaving $361,355 to the American
steamers. Atthesametimc, citizens ofthe United
States paid of this sum $482,624, and citizens of
foreign countries paid but $535,522, showing that
we paid $307,101 more than foreign countries,
and yet foreign steamers earned $1,016,792; and
let me>observe, that England has now nearly the
entire control of the postages between the two
! countries. I want to take this advantage away
| from them. I want to abrogate the postal treaties
j between this country and foreign countries. 1
i want the postages paid by American writers on
j letters going to Europe, to go for-the benefit of
i American steamers: and then, if foreigners choose
! to give their own ships a like advantage in respect
! to their own letters, let them do it. We will take
i what we can get, and make the most of it. I do
not want to provide by our legislation here to pay
this large bonus to the Cunard steamers.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I move to amend,
by inserting, in line ten of the bill, the word
