GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1859.
New Series....No. 97.
" American," between the words "by" and
"steamships," so as to make it read, "by Amer-
ican stea*mships."
I do this, Mr. Chairman, simply for the pur-
poseof saying afew words upoifa subject which,
it seems to me, is not fully understood by gentle-
men upon this floor. There is no difficulty in
our having an American hue of ocean steamships
sustaining itself with the aid of the postages, sea
and inland, which it earns; "not the slightest. It
is our own legislation and our own action which
prevents that state of things at present. The
policy of great Britain'is to encourage her ocean
mail service. She does it by means of fixed com-
pensation. Some ten yeaVs ago we adopted the
same system for the establishment of ocean mail
lines to different ports in Europe, and it is thought
by some that this policy has brought us into our
present difficulties. You farmed out and gave a
lease of the ocean for ten years to particular in-
dividuals. You excluded all competition, and
thus paralyzed the puvate enterpiise of our citi-
zens. It was, of course, unable to compete with
establishments sustained by direct and libera] aid
from the Treasuries of Great Britain and the Uni-
ted States. Rut if ^thc Government of the United
States will send no mails abroad save by Ameri-
can steamers, will pay no postages to foreign
steamers for the transportation of American mails,
you can have a line of steamers once a week run-
ning from the city of New Yoik to some port in
the British channel, which shall, from the post-
ages alone, derive a revenue which shall enable
it to compete with that which England pays in
the shape of direct compensation to the Cunard
line. England now pays to the Cunard line of
steamers between fifteen and seventeen thousand
dollars the round voyage. These steamers thus
have a monopoly of her mails, and they have, in
addition, a monopoly almost of our mails, for we
sustain that line by paying them postage upon
our mail matter which they caryy. Now, the
remedy is simple: abolish your postal conven-
tions, and provide that the Ameiican mails sent
to Europe shall be carried by American steamers,
and by them alone; and letGreat Britain send her
own mails by her own steamers exclusively, if
she pleases. The discrimination will be in our
favor, for the mails from the United States are
larger than the mails from England; and, besides,
our American steamers cannot fail to obtain a
considerable share of the continental mail matter.
Now, sir, so long as England pays to the Cu-
nard line a sum amounting, I believe, to about
$16,000 the round voyage, and we pay that line,
in addition, a very large sum of money for the
transportation of our mails, it will, as a matter of
course, be impossible to sustain an American line
of steamers from the postages alone. The rem-
edy, as I have said, is simple: establish a line of
steamers running once a week from New York to
Southampton; give that line the postages, sea and
inland, on the mail matter carried by them, and
prohibit the sending of American mails by any
other lines of steamers. Do this, and you will
find responsible paities ready to undertake the
enteipiisy and faithfully perform the service.
You will thus have a substantially self-sustaining
ocean maii service; and you will never ha\e it
while you encourage the. British monopoly by
giving them the transportation of our own mails,
and by contributing to their support the postages
on the American mails they carry.
But, sir, I am not informed how this sum of
$428,2d6 is arrived at. If I understood the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, it is
the estimated amount of sea and inland postages.
Now, suppose the sea and inland postages amount
to more than that sum, how is the contractor to
get the additional sum to which he is entitled ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I answer the gen-
tleman that it will be appropiiatud by the next
session of Congress. I think, however, tlv
amount of postages reoeivt d on such mail matter
will not exceed that sum.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Suppose, then,
that the amount of earned pu&tages should b« less:
are the contractors to receive this gross amount,
whether the postages earned reach that amount
or not?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. By no means.
The amount to be paid them is expressly re-
stricted to the postages received on this descrip-
tion of mail matter.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If a system of
the kind I have suggested shall be adopted, an
American ocean mail line can be sustained, with-
out the contribution of a dollar from the Treasury;
and I desire to see such amendments now put to
this bill as will enable such a system to be set on
foot at once; for U is utterly out of the question
that you can have an American line sustained by
means of postages upon the mail matter conveyed,
while you continue to send your mails by a Brit-
ish line, which, in addition to the amount you
thus contribute to their sustenance, derives a large
and fixed compensation from the British treasury.
If you wish to have an Ameiican line sustained
by the postages, you must not foster its ^British
competitor, by giving it the postages on Ameri-
can mails.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, because it goes a great deal further
than ins speech. The effect of his amendment
will be to give the sum appropriated to American
steamers, so far as they ruay earn postages, but it
leaves out the amount which will be due for post-
ages earned by foreign bottoms, and which, by
force of our postal conventions with foreign Gov-
ernments, the United States will be bound to pro-
vide means to pay.
In the main view presented by the members
from the city of New York I cordially concur. I
think that this whole matter is m a nut-shell. I
have made a calculation from the Postmaster Gen-
eral *s report! which will exhibit the facts at a sin-
gle view. The total of postages upon mails ex-
changed with Great Britain and Europe last year
amounted to $1,373,147. Of this sum $842,624
was collectcd as postagesdue on outgoing mails,
and $535,522 was collected abroad on incoming
mails; so that it appears that, under existing postal
conventions, America furnishes an excess to the
general fund, over European and British contri-
butions to it, of $307,101. Yet, it also appears
that, of the whole fund, American bottoms have
drawn but §361,3o5, while foreign bottoms have
drawn $1,016,792; thus exhibiting the great fact
that the postal conventions, and our legislation
together, operate to throw the postages into for-
eign hands, to the substantial exclusion of Amer-
ican shipping. Now, the effect of this system is
to enable foreign Governments to diminish the
subsidies which they find it to their interest to
afford to their steamers, to enter into competition
with ours, and to give facilities to their shipping
which are denied to the shipping of our country.
Great Britain pays, as a subsidy, to the Cunaid
line, £800,000 per annum, or thereabouts; wc re-
quire our steamers to rely on the postages they
may earn; yet, by a convention which compels
us to give the mnils, which are ready for ship-
ment, to any steamer of the Cunard line which
may be ready to depart, we permit the subsidy
of Great Britain to become effective, and we cut
off from the American line the postage on which
it is compelled to rely.
There is a provision of the treaty binding us to
give the mails tu> the siupieady to (Apart, whether
it is an Ameiican or a foreign vessel. That being
our obligation under the treaty, as a matter of
course, when they pay subsidies and we do not,
the efiVct ik to iu!e out ourAmenc.au steamers,
and to oblige us to give the foreign vessel the Uni-
ted States mails. But we do more. We pay post-
masters m the United States commissions to col-
lect and torwaid these mails. We pay inland
tiansponatio.!- upon them, and it is within a safe I
calculation that this commission alone amounted I
to #140,000. We paid, as transit dues last year,
upon continental letteis passing through Great |
Lhitain, ^150,098. Strike down or&brogdte these j
foreign postal conventions and one or both of
these items will be saved'. But let me cite another
effect produced by these conventions: As they
operate, they transfer the conduct of commerce be-
tween portand port to the ships of foreign nations,
and drive American steamers from the trade almost
altogether. The $6,000,000 of annual earnings in
the way of commerce and postage, which should
be given mostly to our own people, goes abroad
under the system we pursue, and I think it is high
time the system should be corrected.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Mis*
souri says that the amount in this bill is the esti-
mated amount. You can take my word for it that
it is a loose estimate; and we nave had a loose
sort of explanation of it. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will return to his
figures, he will find the total amount of postages
that we have paid out upon all our lines, both
English and continental lines, for the last year,
was only $361,356. And the experience of last
year shows that there has been a decrease upon
the line which goes to England, while there has
bfen a limited increase upon the line that goes to
Havre. That is accounted for from the fact that,
under our arrangements with France, we now
pay over twelve and some fraQtional cents post-
age upon the half ounce; while we pay twenty-one
cents to Great Britain. We escape- the transit
duty upon postal matter passing through England,
by taking a continental route. I am in favor of
giving our people upon the high seas the free air.
Let-our ships ventilate themselves without send-
ing them adverse winds from their own shores.
Let us inaugurate now a system of American le-
gislation by which, if there is any discrimination,
it shall be in favor of American shipping where
ever our flag waves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HASKIN. Upon a calculation, I find that
I am in error in regard to the aggregate amount
of this bill. It is $1,250,000, instead of #2,000,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-*
ing amendment, as a substitute: *
' That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed, immediately alter the passage of this act,
to give notice to each and every Eeropean Government
with which the United States Government has a postal
treaty, of the abrogation of each find every such postal
treaty, m conformity with the provisions for abrogation con-
tained in each treaty respectively : Jlnd, further, lie is di-
rected to obtain, if possible, the consent of the paitie*, re-
spectively, thereto, to the immediate abrogation thereof.
That the Postmaster Geneial be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed, immediately aftei the passage ot Una
net, to contract with citizen* of the United States to trans-
poit the mails of the United States, on Ameiican built
steamships, lor a period of ten jears, between such ports
of the United States and such port# of Europe as, m'his
judgment, he may deem most conducive to the public m-
teni&ts, not less than once a week, nor oftener than twice
a week; and the compensation to he paid lor such service
s-liTtll not exceed the gro-s amount of sea and inland post-
ages on the mails conveyed by said steamers, said grot-s
amount to be distributed among the hues, yro rata, accord-
ing to the distance run by each line.
That, from and after the abrogation of the postal treaty,
as provided for in section first, the rate of letter postage
from any place in the United Stales to Europe shall ba
twenty cents for each half ounce, or fraction of an half
ounce, and on every newspaper two cents, and on all other
printed matter two cents an ounce, and that the postage
on ali t-ut.ii mailable matter shall be prepaid b\ stamp?, or
^tamped envelope-,: Prowled, That ail letter's intended to
be sen? to Euiope shall he sent through the United States*
Po^t Ofiio", and ail such letters shall be sent by the United
State- mad steamers, under contract with the Post Ol5c;j
fM);trt!ij.":t, and it shall not be lawful for the master of
any ve^-el about to sail from any poidof the United States
to or ioi any mhei person, to iccctve, or cany on
board such ve^el, an.v lettei, with Hie intention of conveying
the >ame to Euiope, umh'ra penalty of fifty doi!a-s for each
■ id every letter of half an ounce, ot It action of half ai\
That no steatn.-hfp or vessel ai riving at anv port In the
United States ••hall be permitted to repoit, make entry, or
break bulk until the master or commander shall huvedeih-
e«-ed to tiie po-rnia-tcr at such poit, all letteis and news-
papers on board hie same, directed to any per.-on witkiu the
United Shft's or Ten nones thereof; and u anv nutter shall
break bulk before he shall have eomp.ied with the require-
ments ot' this acl, every such oilWider shall, on conviction
theieof. lou'eit f'oi every Mj<-h offense the sum of .$.>,000; ami
the i<ttc ol postage to he collected by the United States Po-t
Ojnce 011 all such letters, if' biought by a United Stated mail
