1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
steamer, shall be the same as established by this act; and,
if brought by any other vessel, (be rate ol letter poatagv shall
be two cents, in addition to other regular United States in-
land postage, for each half ounce, and on each newspaper
shall be two cents in all cases.
That if the writer of any letter shaHJby superscription on
said letter, direct said letter to be sent to Europe by a for-
eign mail steamship, and shall prepay the rate of postage as
established by this act^ihe postmaster shall send such letter
by the foreign mail steamship: Provided, The master of said
steamship will receive the same: Provided, nevertheless,
That the postage prepaid thereon shall belong to the United
States, and ih> part thereof be paid to such foreign steamer.
Pending the reading of the amendment,
Mr. BRANCH said: Mr. Chairman, I raise a
question of order on the amendment. It proposes
to abrogate a treaty which is declared by the Con-
stitution to be the supreme law of the land.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman. The
amendment is clearly out of order. .
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to say a word be-
fore the Chair announces ity decision. These
matteis that are alluded to here as treaties, are
not treaties at all in the constitutional sense of
the term. They are mere postal conventions en-
tered into with the Postmaster General.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question be-
fore the committeeon that amendment. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw that amendment,
and I offer this amendment in lieu of it:
At the end of line thirteen, add the following:
And if tho Postmaster General shall think proper, under
the fifth section of the act of 14th June, 1858, to cause the
mails to he transported from Baltimore, Norlolk, Charles-
ton, Savannah, and New Orleans, or either place, to any
foreign port or poris, the further mm of $800,000 is hereby
appropriated therefor, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, upon thcf-ame terms and con-
ditions at* !•* provided by the fitU) section ot the act aforesaid.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided an amendment similar to this out of
order. The Chair rules the amendment out of
order, for the reasons already stated in reference
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair; and I want to state the grounds of
my appeal. Tho Chair certainly does not under-
stand the question; and I know that, if the Chair
listens to me, he will decide differently.
Mr. EUSTIS. I rise to a question of order.
Is the question debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Mr.EUSTIS. Then I object to it.
The CH AIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
indulge the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. EUSTIS. If it be not debatable, I insist
upon my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The^entleman from Geor-
gia will state his point of order.
Mr SEWARD. I have copied my amend-
ment from the fifth section of the act of 1858,
which authorizes the Postmaster General to cause
th? mails to be transported from any port in the
United States to any foreign port or ports by
steamships.
Mr. EUSTIS. I am sorry to interrupt the
gentleman, but I ask whether the question is de-
batable ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. EUSTIS. Then I insist on my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Postmaster General
had, under the fifth section, made a contract as
authorized by thin amendment, then, perhaps, it
would be proper for the appropriation to be made
to defray the expenses. But the effect of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Geor-
gia would be to lequire the Postmaster General
to make new contracts not authorized under ex-
isting laws. The Chair decidca the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia out of order, on
the ground that it changes existing law, no con-
tract having been made by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. The gentleman from Georgia appeals from
the decision of the Chair. Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee ?
Air. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hawkins
and Underwood were appointed.
Tin; House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 110, noes 15.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky I move to
amend the clause by striking out the words, " or
such other port or ports in Europe as the Post-
master General may direct," and inserting in lieu
thereof, " under existing arrangements."
I will briefly explain the object of my amend-
ment. It will be remembered by the House that
at the last session we had a struggle over this
mail steamer bill, an attempt being made to pre-
termit Liverpool as one of the termini of the
Collins line, and to shift it to Southampton, where
that line would come in conflict with the Havre
line. The parties were here struggling with each
other; the Collins line'being willing to run to
Southampton, but not being willing to continue
to to Liverpool under the existing arrange-
ment. My only object in offering this amendment
is to confine this appropriation to payments under
existing arrangements, and not to permit the Post-
master General to alter any existing contract by
changing the termini of the line. 1 do not want
the Postmaster General to enter into any new
contract for the transportation of the mails from
an American port to a foreign port. I think that,
in view of the condition of our postal arrange-
ments, we ought to give notice and terminate all
these postal treaties. But while I am in favor of
that policy, I do not want, by any law, to put it
into the power of the Postmaster General to do
what Congress, at its last session, was not willing
he should do. If we leave him to select the ports
to which the steamers shall run, you may depend
upon it that he will do what you forbid him to
do last session. My amendment meets that case,
and I hope the committee will adopt it.
Mr. EUSTIS. I remember very distinctly the
difficulty and struggle which we had about this
matter last session, and I sincerely hope the
amendmentof the gentleman from Kentucky will
be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman is not oppos-
ing the amendmentof the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I oppose the
amendment. There is this objection to it. The
act of last session authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral to establish mail service between ports of the
United States and foreign ports, allowing no other
compensation therefor than the postages earned
by the transportation of the mails. Hitherto,
this service has all commenced from the city of
New York; and the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky would still confine the service to
that city. I desire to see as many steamship
lines established between the United States and
foreign countries as capitalists may choose to es-
tablish; and whenever such lines are established,
I desire to see them carry mail matter for the
postages received on that matter.
Mr. EUSTIS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I, too, am in favor of extending these
privileges as much as possible to every part of
the United States; but I want to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
he is in favor of giving the Postmaster General
power to change the contracts which have been
made with Collins and others, and allow them to
change the termini of those lines in England?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. So far as the con-
tract with Collins & Co. is concerned, that ex-
pires this year; and the gentleman's question is
answered by saying that there are no contracts
now existing except those made from time to
time for the transportation of the mails for the
postages thereon.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I under-
stand the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to disclose the fact, thatit is intended,
by this clause, to give the Postmaster General a
right to make new arrangements, or is he only to
carry out existing laws ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is no
change of contract for carrying out existing laws
by the words proposed to be inserted. All the
existing contracts of this kind are under the fifth
section of the act of the last session of Congress.
The course pursued by the Postmaster General
under that act, as I understand, has been this:
whenever an American vessel is about to sail, the
postmaster at New York makes an arrangement
by which it shall carry the mail to the foreign
port for which it is bound, and bring one in re-
turn. Whatever is to be expended from the ap-
propriation in this bill will be done in this way,
if it passes in the shape in which it came fcom
the hands of the Committee of Ways and Means.
For instance: if a line of steamships should be
started from Savannah or from Charleston, the
postmaster at the point from which it is to start
will be authorized to place the foreign mails col-
lected at that point upon these vessels, and to pay
acompensation therefor not exceeding the amount
derived from the postages on -such mail matter.
It will leave the Postmaster General perfectly free
to make any such arrangement with any line of
steamships whidh may be established in any port
in the United States.
Mr. MiLLSON. I rise to a question of order.
From the explanation given by the gentleman
from Kentucky of his own amendment, it is cer-
tainly out of order, as changing the existing law.
The fifth section of the act of the last session
provided that the Postmaster General shall be
authorized to cause the mails to be transported
between the United States and any foreign port
or ports. Now, the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky proposes to restrict that discre-
tion, by designating certain ports from which,
alone, it shall be carried.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. By way of
relieving the gentleman from Virginia from any
difficulty in respect to his point of order, I pro-
pose, with the consent of the committee, to with-
draw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I now offer
another amendment. I move "to amend the same
clause of the bill by striking out the words " and
such other port." I do this for the purpose of
giving me a chance to say just this to the com-
mittee: I understand, from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that there are
no contracts with American lines requiring any
appropriation at all in this bill; that all the ar-
rangements made have been temporary in their
character, and confined to the postages only on
the mail matter carried by them; and that the in-
tent of this appropriation is to enable the Post-
master General to establish a new line from a
new port. Now, sir, that, to me, is a very strong
objection to the whole appropriation; and I can-
not, from that explanation, vote a single dollar
of it for that purpose. 1 will not vote to draw
$422,000 from a depleted and exhausted Treas-
ury, while you make no provision for relieving
us from our postal treaties, by which any Amer-
ican line of steamers may be remunerated from
foreign postages alone. 1 thought this $422,000
was intended to supply the deficit between five
hundred and odd thousand dollars and eight hun-
dred and odd thousand dollars, which is exhib-
ited in our postal account; but it seems it is not
intended for that; but it is intimated that it is
the object to start new lines from—God knows
where, wherever the Postmaster General may
choose to make his temporary arrangements for
two years. We have the fact confessed before
us; and it does not require any great discrimina-
tion to reach the conclusion that, while these trea-
ties remain, the Postmaster General is to be per-
mitted to work up a deficit of four hundred and
twenty odd thousand dollars, which we are to
pay. The proposition was not intended to re-
lieve the Treasury to the amount of a cent. We
call upon our people to pay, under the treaty,
#800,000; we get but $500,000; the difference re-
mains to be settled out of our Treasury, but it
is not to be settled by this appropriation. Sir, I
challenge gentlemen to vote for such retrench-
ment as this. I hope the House will stiike the
whole appropriation out, or else confine it so it
shall go for paying our debts and not for con-
tracting new ones.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am very glad
the gentleman from Kentucky has taken his po-
sition, and itamounts to this: that, whenever you
can carry the mail by steamships between any
port in the United States and a foreign port for
the amount of postage received on such mail mat-
ter, he is unwilling to pay that amount for such
service. Now, sir, so far as the statement of
postage accounts, under our postal treaties, is
concerned, it has nothing whatever to do with
this bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I just want
to ask tbe gentleman from Missouri one single
question.
