4 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
they have assigned bounds to the ambition of the Czar.
In JSmcricctj those Powers, as they have declared in the
face of the world, will also maintain the principles of im-
partial and severe justice, shielding the weak against the
violence and the attempts of iniquitous invaders."
As if in proof of this declaration, Lord Claren-
don, about the same time,said in the British Par-
liament, in substance, " that action should not be
circumscribed by Europe, but that such protec-
tive action, resolved upon by England and France,
by virtue of their close and cordial alliance, should
be extended over the whole globe." In view of
this declaration of Lord Clarendon, Chevalier
Lobe further says:
" We respectfully l)eg Dughvul nnd franco, ;i=i n]so fkose
other notions, which secretly or pnhhchi have civpti in their
acquiescence in those magnanimous f-eniiment^, well to
ponder the fale which the cabinets oE Pete^binaifo, and
Washington have m f-tore for the nations of the Spanish
race on the Amencan continent.'5
But there are mysteries of policy which lie be-
hind the stipulations of treaties, and the declara-
tions of ministers,and which shed lightupon this
inquiry. Louis Napoleon is striving to create and
establish a splendid colonial empire, by enslaving
and binding together the West "India Islands. To
do this, he must hem m, or cripple the power of
the tJnitcd States; and this he hopes to accom-
plish through the cooperation of Great Britain.
With a splendid tropical empire, ho would bo
the rival of the United States in the markets of
the world, and would clutch the scepter now pass-
ing into our hands. With his power consoli-
dated, and every region tributary to him, his arm
would be invincible. Moscow has already been
avenged in the Crimea; Waterloo would then find
its day of retribution.
The policy of Great Britrwnin resisting our oc-
cupation of Cuba, is only explicable upon the
theoiy of subservience to Fiance. In fifty yeais
her vast colonial possessions in the Fast will be
stricken from her giasp;_ and she cannot rediess
the balance of her power by increasing her em-
pire on this continent. Her restless and embroil-
ing diplomacy, too, is fast arraying the world
against her. During the last twenty years she
seems to have even lost sight of the end of diplo-
macy, which is to keep up the iridiums of peace
and ward off the chances of war. Especially is
it its duty to smooth aspeiitirs; at Fast, not to
press upon them. Reconciling interests with
honor, and in fairness, its object should con-
stantly bo to avoid, within human power, any-
thing that may drive Governments to resort to the
ultima r at to—the ever dangerous logic of warfare.
The mind of every agont should be thoroughly
imbued with the idea that, a resort to ftvee i * the
penalty of national wrong; and that it becomes
lawful only when all peaceful efforts to vindicate
the right and to secure redress have proved aboi-
tive.
But, is this theory realized in British diplo-
macy? How often do we find her ag^ni-' not
quenching the flames, but applying the incendiary
torch? How many questions have arisen winch
the finger of British diplomacy has touched, foi
no other purpose, it would seem, but that of brist-
ling it with difficulties ? There ate exceptions, it
is true, and the United States cheerfully testifies
to one in the person of the present British Minis-
ter at Washington, lie connects the piesent with
the earlier past of British diplomacy, when its
character and spirit were widely different, and Us
annals bore the record of high and hi ilhant mimes
But it is none the less true that Kngland, for a
quarter of a century, has set up and pursued a
system of armed diplomacy. Nor is it less true
that she is arraying the world against her. We
aie her natural ally, and why should she resist
our occupation of Cuba at the hazard of war?
The answer can only be found in her cordial alli-
ance with Fiance, and her subservience to the
latter Power.
And have we not causes of war with Spain suf-
ficient to justify us in the judgment of history'1
Have not our rights been invaded; our honor
touched, and our flag insulted, while all redress
has been denied? Our commercial relauons with
the island are vital and complicated, and yet the
system of its administration is so adjusted as to
embarrass usatevery point. .Nor, while the pres-
ent system of administration continues, is it pos-
sible to avoid difficulties, in consequence of our
intimate relations with the island, and the special
powers exercised by the Captain General, it would
seem that in general matters of business, and in
particular cases of emergency, approach to him
should be conceded to our consular representa-
tive at Havana. And yet such is not his prerog-
ative. One of the long standing subjects of the
just complaints of our Government, is the obsti-
nate refusal to allow our consul direct access, in
official intercourse, to th6 supreme authority of
the colony.
If this be ever done, it is done ex gratia, and
not in deference to a right secured to him by the
comity of nations and our treaty compacts. I have
said that the position of the Captain General over
the "island, is that of a supreme ruler over any
other Government. By a system of inference, if
not of parallel, he seems to think, that a's the rep-
resentative of one Government, accredited to an-
other, does not directly address the chief of the
State, but approaches him through the channel of
his minister, so the consulai^agent of the United
Stoles has no right immediately to communicate
with him; but that he must (io so vicariously
through themediumofhiscolonialsecretary. And
yet there seems to be a distinction made m behalf
of the British consul, who, unless I greatly err,
enjoys the special privilege of a direct official in-
tercourse with his vice royalty.
But not only in the form and right of commu-
nication is this distinction made between our and
other consular agents." It is likewise and offen-
sively extended to the very title with which our
Government sees fit to invert its consular repre-
sentative at Havana. In order to understand the
injustice of a course so strikingly derogatory, 1
both to the commercial importance and dignity ,
of the United States, we must refer back to the !
growth of foreign commerce with the Island of ;
Cuba. It is bareiv thirty-four years since a public 1
act of Ferdinand VII. opened that commerce to the
world, in spite of the obstacles and intrigues of ■
the commercial boards of the Peninsula. Previ- j
ous to that period, the ports and the teriitory of ,
the island had been walled up against the com- '
mercial contact of nations, under the unrelaxing '
rigors of a monopoly, solemnly as it was shame- S
iul'y sanctioned by the congress of Utiecht. But >
with the prevalence of the moie hbeial spirit, -
and sounder vicwb of such functionaries as Arango >
and Ramirez, England and France and the Neth- !
erlands, in 18l24, and subsequently, pressed for- j
ward to this new avenue of trade, and by virtue |
of a comparative freedom of commeicc, secured '
the privilege of sending and maintaining consuls \
general at Havana. - :
This privilege is to every other nation, and par- :
ueularly to the United States, formally and per- i
sistently denied. " We will," says Spam, " al- |
low you to trade in our ports. We will, in our
colonial territories, allow you to appoint guardi- (
ana of the rights and of the property of youreit- !
lzens; but this permission must "be* vouchsafed <
with such distinctions and discriminations as we j
may be pleased to impose. "Your Congress may ;
cieate the oliice of consul general for Cuba; your i
President, m the discharge of his duty, may com- 1
mission a consul general for the ' ever-faithful'
city; but your agent shall not come within its
walls; he shall not receue his exequator under',
any other title than that of plain consul. The
higher title and broader prerogatives of the ' con-
sul general' are intended, not for you, butfbrour ;
royal cousins of France, England# and the Neth-
erlands." Sic volo; sic jubeo; stat pro r.cUione ,
vulunlas. \
Such, sir, would seem to be the import of the ;
conduct of Spain translated into words. This ;
implied insult to our importance and*diirnity is ;
inflicted m the face of the Tact that we stand higher j
than either England oi France,and,md< ed,higher j
than Spain hcisclf, in our contributions to the
prosperity of tin; ndand. Tim commercial trans-
actions of Great Britain in 1853, carried on by
thiee hundred and sixty-eight vessels, amounted
to $14,000,000; those of France, in one hundred
and twenty-six vessels, contrived to halt up to
£.">,000,000; those of the United States,represented
by two thousand three hundred and seven vessels,
swelled into $19,000,000. Yet Spam allows to
the former the consul general, which may be an
empty honor, but one for which} empty honor
though it be, we ought to " cavil with her on the
ninth part of a hair" as a matter of right. She
allows it to them, while to us it is denied. She
allows it to the Netherlands even, while to us it
is denied. She allows it to the Netherlands, the
whole value of whose annual commerce with the
island falls far below the actual cost of many a
one ofthe fifteen hundred sugar plantations which
our enterprise and activity, through our consump-
tion, make contributive to her treasury. She al-
lows it to the Netherlands, with her imports of
$88,876, and her exports of $246,661, making up
thepitiful total of $385,585, represented by twenty-
four vessels, with an extravagant calculation of
twenty-seven thousand two hundred tons; whilst
she contemptuously refuse^it to the United States,
with their $7,000,000 of imports and $12,000,000
of exports, wafted to and fro by two thousand
three hundred and seven vessels, with their two
hundred and fifty-four thousand and eighteen
tons of merchant shipping.
And how is this insulting discrimination made ?
Is it merely under a withholding of the comity of
nations ? Is it under the exercise of the municipal
power, which every Government possesses, ofgiv-
mg a consular exequatur, for just such consular
privileges as it shall choose to designate? Under
none of these, sir, is this insult offered to a peo-
ple whose rank in the hierarchy of nations it is .
now too late to question. .But it is offered in di-
rect and systematic violation of treaty compacts.
The nineteenth article of the treaty of San Lo-
renzo, of the 27th of October, 1795, amply and
conclusively provides for the case. That article
stipulates that our consuls shall be put on the
same footing with those of the most favored Gov-
ernments. But, piovidentially for the cause of in-
ternational obligations, Spam had parted, under
the law of contingency, with her municipal rights,
long before the privilege was actually extended to
England, France, and the Netherlands. They
never secured the individual prerogative of a con-
sul general, until the opening ofthe colonial com-
merce in 1$24; whilst we, sixty years previously,
in 1795, had stipulated lor a franchise, which is
now obstinately denied, not only to the require-
ments of our commercial, but denied also to the
honor of our public chaiacter. Trifling as this
question of the mere rank of a consul may be in
the abstuict, it points to an inherent relation with
the ptido and importance of our people. Indi-
viduals may hold off from the vindication of in-
dividual character and individual rights, and they
may not suffer from the forbearance; but no peo-
ple, especially that which is called the American
people, dare overlook attempts at insult or indig-
nity , and hope that its influence and its honor can
escape unscathed,.
And if, foi these ind'gnitics and wrongs, we
submitted our disputes with Spayp to the arbitra-
ment of the sword, and tore Cuba from her grasp,
what nation could rebuke us, or charge us with
territorial spoliation? Could England do it? Are
the annals of the world defaced J Has the story
of the desolation and woes which have followed
in her remorseless tread passed away from the
memory of man? Have the records of her own
high courts of impeachment, doing, at tunes,
compulsoiy homage to justice, be.^n destroyed?
Have the shi sales of millions of victims ceascd to
appeal against the enormities of this habitual vio-
lation of ad sanctities? 11ns the blood of those
millions of victims, shed m the. prosecution of her
insatiate and still insatiable ambition, been to her
a regenerating baptism, that has so washed away
her political leprosy, that to us—to us, who have
more than one fmegonc I ho integrity of our
rights, that we might indulge the boast of gener-
osity—that to us she should fling the night-shade
imputations of unjustifiable acts of spoliation and
gross and flagrant crime? Wo are the subverters
of rights, we the oppressors of the eartlj; and
England is the witness and jud<re of our guilt!
•She neverrobbed,pillaged,and mur&ered in every
quarter of the globe. She never carried desola-
lation on both sides of the Atlantic and Pacific
waters. She never burnt Carthagena, sacked St.
Jago, and pillaged St. Domingo, in time of peace.
Her sea-robbers and land-pirates, under secret
commissions, never scattered terror along the
coasts. They never, in their personality of free-
booters, cieateda specific race of marauders, which
the ignorant Spaniards converted into Flibvsteros
—a name—her own name.—which she now so
generously confers upon those of us whose greatest
wrong is to have followed her suggestive exam-
ple. The waters of Deptford never witnessed the
congees and bowings of the Hawkinses and
