1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15S9
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will not yield
to the gentleman at present, until I have set my-
self right in respect to the false position which he
has endeavored to assign to me in this matter.
The existing laws permit the Postmaster General
to send your mails by any American or foreign
line of steamships. Now, the proposition which
the gentleman from Kentucky makes, is this: if
any mail matter shall be carried by an American
steamship from an American port to a foreign
port, he is unwilling to appropriate the money
for carrying that mail. The owner of that steam-
ship cannot receive a dollar of the postages de-
rived from the mail matter carried by him, unless
the appropriation is made by Congress; yet the
gentleman from-Kentucky is unwilling to make
the appropriation. I say, then, if this is his po-
sition—and I can assign him no other—he is de-
sirous of putting this matter in a condition by
which the mails of the country shall be carried by
foreign'stearrfers alone, who can be paid for the
service in pursuance of treaty stipulations.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As the gen-
tleman seems to have finished his remarks, and
his time is not yetexhausted, I trust he will allow
me to set myself right by denying his proposi-
tion; and my denial of it springs fronjfth? admis-
sion of the gentleman as to what he intends to do
with this $422,000. I would not deny the right
of an American steamship to the postages re-
ceived from the mails carried by it; but I present
this fact to the committee: that, by our postal
treaty, when the mails are ready to t>e carried—
by the Bremen line, for instance—an American
steamship, under the existing arrangement, is
entitled to carry them 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, by unani-
mous consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out the whole section.
Mr. Chairman, I think my friend from Ken-
tucky has been misunderstood, and his position
misrepresented, because it has been misunder-
stood, by the gentleman from Missouri. I under-
stand the gentleman from Kentucky to be in favor,
as I am in favor, of defeating this bill as it now
stands. I am in favor of defeating it because, after
it has been defeated, we will be able to agree on
something just to ourselves and the interest of
our mail steamer lines. By the terms of the postal
treaty which exists between thiscountry and Eu-
rope at the present time^ you are compelled, when-
ever the mail matter is ready, to send it by the
first steamer that leaves your port. If that is a
European steamer, then it gets the mail matter.
Now, it is unjust to those of our citizens engaged
in ocean mail steamers, to compel them to take,
as a compensation for their service, nothing but
the mail matter which they may get by virtue of
the treaty between this country and Europe.
When you have repealed the postal treaty be-
tween this country and Europe, then our own
steamers will get aH the postage on all the letters
which may be sent from this side to the other,
and on ail they may bring from the other side to
this. You will, by this means, create a fund which
will afford something like adequate compensation
for our mail steamers. They wilt then be able to
run without the aid of subsidies. But, as the
treaty now stands, you deprive our American
owners of mail steamers of at least one half, more
than one half, of the amount of postage which
would be collected if the treaty were abrogated.
I am in favor of defeating this bill; because,
when that is done, we can introduce some meas-
ure which will not only authorize the Postmaster
General to abrogate the postal treaties between
this country and Europe, but also enable us to
create a fund that will afford something like ade-
quate compensation to our mail steamers for
transporting our mails, and thus enable us, by
that means, to establish an independent mail sys-
tem of our own, and without the aid of subsidies,
only so far as the profits arising from the trans-
portation of the mails will create the means. That,
sir, I understand to be the position of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. I do not understand him
as refusing to those vessels which may transport
letters any compensation, even that which arises
from postages. That is not his position, and it
is not mine. His position, as I understand it, I
indorse fully. I believe that it is correct in prin-
ciple. I believe that it is wise in doctrine. 1 be-
lieve that it is sensible. It is American policy,
for it conduces to advance American interest.
Abrogate your postal treaties, and then wo will
all have an interest in doing something. What
will we do if this House acts wisely ? What the
gentleman proposes. Just instruct the Postmas-
ter General to give notice of his determination to
abrogate our postal treaties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, I confess
that I am surprised and regret to find my friend
from Mississippi rising here and opposing an
appropriation bill, framed according to the esti-
mates of the Department, reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and exactly in ac-
cordance with the recommendations of the Ad-
ministration. I am afraid my friend is arraying
himself on the side of the Opposition to the Ad-
ministration, when I find him in such a position
as that. Here is a bill carrying out every recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General, a member
of the Cabinet, based upon the precise estimates
contained in the document before me, reported by
an authorized Democratic committee of a Demo-
cratic House, sustained by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and lVIeans,and I am aston-
ished and grieved to find my friend from Mis-
sissippi taking the anti-Administration side and
espousing the causc of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Why, sir, he complains of our postal treaties,
or rather our postal conventions. These postal
conventions were made by Democratic Adminis-
trations. It is in the powerof a Democratic Ad-
ministration to give notice of their repeal when-
ever it thinks proper, atid I presume they have
the American shipping interest at heart as much
as I have or as my friend has.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What the gentle-
man calls treaties are provisions in acts of Con-
gress, and can be repealed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Let the gentle-
man from Virgmiago on. I wish to answer him.
Mr. GARNETT. I am sorry that my friend
will take the field asain. If the Administration
comes here and makes a recommendation for the
abrogation of the postal conventions between the
United States and these nations, then I will be
prepared to vote on the subject. I am ready to
sustain existing laws and the estimates of the
Department as far as I can.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know of the gen-
tleman whether the Post Office Department is to
be regarded as a purely Democratic machine or
not >
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman must an-
swer that for himself; or perhaps I would prefer
my friend from Mississippi to answer it; for he
took me to task for opposing some of the esti-
mates of the Postmaster General. I am now on
the side of the Postmaster General.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will answer
when the gentleman is done.
Mr. GARNETT. I understand that this bill
carries out existing law. The existing law limits
the pay for the transportation of mails to the
postages paid upon the mail transported. The
Postmaster General sent us an estimate of what
those postages would be. The committee put that
amount in this bill, with a proviso that the Post-
master General should not exceed that amount.
That was the law made at the last session of
Congress, and it was indorsed by the Adminis-
tration. Therefore, it seems to me /that the bill
is a proper one. Whenever the Administration
thinks the time has come when the public service
requires the repeal of the postal conventions, and
they call upon us to do so, it may be that they
ought to prefer the service of these steamships, j
It may be that they ought to prohibit the citizens i
of this country from sending their letters by the I
first steamship, by the quickest and nearest mode
of transportation, whatever that may happen to
be. It may be that we should repeal ail those
laws, and look not to the interest of those who
write letters, but to those who carry the mail. In
the mean vighile, until a proper measure is brought
before Congress, properly indorsed by a com-
mittee of this House, I, for one, will notsupport
the recommendation of the Department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend
by striking out the ffinth and tenth lines of the
bill. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gar-
nett] charges me with opposing the recommend-
ation of the Postmaster General, and of the
Committee of Ways and Means. In that, the
gentleman quite misunderstands me. 1 did not
contend that the recommendation of either was in
any way wrong,
Mr. GARNETT. I am glad to hear it; for I
thought the gentleman could not get that far off
the track.
Mr. DAVIS*, of Mississippi. The gentleman
will not be quite so ghui when I get through with
him. While I do not find fault with the amount
recommended, and do not oppose the recom-
mendation, I simply say, that the whole sys-
tem, by virtue of which the whole of this thing
has been done, is, in itself, wrong. The Post-
master General, and the Committee of Ways and
Means, have observed their obligations to the
law. I want now to do what the gentleman has
not himself suggested in his efforts at reform—
repeal the objectionable law. That is what he
should seek to do, instead of complaining, with-
out any ground to sustain him in it, against the
gentleman from Mississippi. An ordinary mind
could at once see the distinction between making
factious objections to items appropriated in pur-
suance of law, and a proposition to repeal the law
itself.
I hope the gentleman understands now that i
am not opposing the recommendation of the Post-
master General, or of the Committee of Ways and
Mean«; and thut I am not acting on the principle
of pioposmg reformation without any basis for
it. I confess that I have no desire to get thea'ep-
utation of being a reformer. I stand on my na-
tive integrity of purpose; and pursue what I con-
ceive to be my country's good, and my country's
interest, without captiousness, and without de-
siring ruinous reform. In times past, m&n have
i desired to acquire reputations for reform; but if
' gentlemen on this floor have any such desire, they
will have to resort to a different rule from thatfol-
| lowed by the gentleman from Virginia. The great
reformers of the ages past usually present to the
popular mind facts and figures as bases for their
arguments; but I have heard no facts or figures
' fiom the gentleman in all the reform propositions
that he has made. He seeks to acquire a repu-
tation for reform without the aid of facts or fig-
ures, and|vithout reasons for that reform. He
makes his blows carelessly, without seeming to
care whether his blows may prove ruinous and
fatal to the particular object that he attacks. When-
ever the gentleman can show me that the reform
| which he proposes will inure to the benefit of the
I country, 1 will be ready to act with him; but he
I must not expect me to act with him when I see
j that his projected reforms are not sustained by
j law or by facts, but spring from mere captious
j opposition, and f'tom a desire to establish a rep-
i utation for reform.
| The gentleman must be aware that there is no
| people on the face of the globe so intelligent as
j the people of this country. It is true they are
i not all educated; but they are a think.ng people,
and they are possessed of that solid common sense
which can see through and appreciate our actions
here; and, whenever gentlemen undertake to out-
rage common sense, they must be fortified with
facts and figures to sustain their position, or else
the people will see that it is all a mere chimera,
growing out of a literary brain. I do not mean
to say that the reform projects of the gentleman
j from Virginia originated m any such fatuity of
; mind; but I do believe that all his efforts at re-
j form are without foundation, unsustained by
i facts, unsustaincd by aiguments, and unsustained
! by reason; the mere idle offsprings of a dissatis-
; fied and discontented brain.
; Mr GARNETT I do not rise to vindicate
myself to the committee and to the country. I
i thmk, with all due deference to the gentleman
j from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] they are better
judges than he, as to whether the propositions
! that I have had the honor to submit to the House
have, or have not, been sustained by facts and
figures; and whether I have, or have not, made
such suggestions for reform as the rules of the
House, and the brief time allotted me, allowed.
I only wish to say this, that whether I have a lit-
erary brain or not, or whether he has, or whether
I raise captious questions, or whether he does, is
