18.59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
Two hundred
corning certain estimates for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with the Creek and Seminole Indians.
The Chair supposes the communication had
better be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, as it may, perhaps,
become necessary to consider it there m connec-
tion with the bill which the gentleman proposes
to call up.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let that dispo-
sition be made of it. • •
The communication was accordingly referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the -state of
the Union.
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, was
then agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bur-
nett, in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Yancton Sioux
or Dacotah Indians, and with the Tonawanda
Indians, of New York.
The bill was read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The treaties were
presented to the Senate at the last session, but
they were not ratified until the present, session.
I hold in my hand the letter of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, and the treaties themselves; and, from
the examination I have given them, I am satisfied
that these sums are due to these Indians.
Mr. McCtUEEN. What is the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri.
and fifty-six thousand dollars.
Mr. McCtUEEN. For what?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will read the
points of the treaties which refer to the subject:
" YVhei on* a. certain tieatv was heretofore made between
the Six Nations of New Yoik Indians and the United States
on the lotli day of Januarj, Ib33, and another between the
Seneca nation of Indians and the United Statu:;, on the 08th
day of May, 1842. by which, among other thmus, the Sen-
eca nation of Indians gianted and eonvejed to Thomas
Ludlow Ogden and Joseph Felhns the two certain Indian
reservations in the ^tate ol New York, known a< the Buf-
falo creek and the Ton.uvanda resei vations, to be sunen-
dered to the said Ogden & Feilins on the pertoimance of
certain conditions precedent, defined m said treaties; and
whereas, in and by the said treaties, there weie surrendered
and lehnquished to the United States five hundred thou-
sand acres ol land m the then Termory ot YVn>eousni ; and
whereas the United States, in and by said tteatics, agreed
to set apart for said Indians ceitam lands in the Indian ter-
ntory, immediately west of Miss.ouii,and to grant the same
to them, to be held and enjoyed in fee simple, tiie quantity
of said land-- beinig computed to afford tinee hundied and
twenty acic  to each soul of said Indians ; and did agree that
any individual, or any number of said Indian-*, imijhi remove
to said territory, and theieupon be entitled to hold and enjoy
said lands, and all the benefits of said treaties, according to
iiumbeis> respective^; and whereas the United States did '
fuither agree to paj the <um of $400,01)0 (or the removal of
the Indians ot New York to the said territory, and loi their
suppoi t and assistance dunng the tir&t year ot their re&ideuce
in said teintory."
And then, again:
'•Art. 2. In consideration of which afores-aid sui render
and relinquishment, the United States agree to pay and
invest, in the manner hereinafter specnied, the sum of
$256,000, foi the said band of Tonawanda Indians."
Mr. McCtUEEN. Do they remain in the State
of New York ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouti. Yes, sir.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. This, then, is in lieu of the
land given to them by the Government, west, un-
der the treaties of 1838 and 1842?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They take
$256,000 in lieu of their land and claims west. I
send to the Clerk the letter of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, to be read for the information
of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Omen Indian Affairs, March 1, 1859.
Sir: I have the honor to submit for your consideration
and the necessary action in the premises, additional esti-
mates for appioprnuioiis to fuJlili tieaty stipulations with
the Creek nation and with the Flonda Indians, or Semi-
nolefc.
These estimates are based on the provisions made for
those tribes by the feixth and seventh articles of the treaty
with them of the 7th of August, 1636, (pamphlet copv stat-
utes, page 77. j which made it a condition mecedent that the
Semiuoles in Florida should remove to the country west of
the Mississippi beioie either tribe should be benefited
thereby. This ofiiee is advised of the removal of the Sem-
inoles iiom Flonda, to an extent sufficient to authorize the
canymg into effect these provisions, and it is accordingly
recommended that the necessary steps be taken, with a view
ot fully complying therewith.
liy the agreement contained in the sixth article of the
treaty lefencd to,the fn t named sum of $200,000, with in-
terest at five per cent, fiom the ratification of the treaty, is :
to be " paid over to. or invested for the benefit of, the
Creek nation, as may be request! d l>y the proper author-
ities thereof." A memorial ot the Oieek nation, adopted
in council the 28th of December la-t. contains the request
of '< the piopni authorities" of the nation, and indicates the
manner in which it is desired that the pavmentof the money
shall be made. The condition prescribed by the treaty having
been complied with. I have to recommend that the request
of the Creek council be acquiesced in by the Department,
and payment be made accordingly when the appropriation
is made. The principal for investment for the Seimnoies
is not at present asked for, but simply the inteiest thereon.
Very lespectfully, jour obedient servant,
J. YV. DENVER, Commissioner.
Hon. J. Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move this
amendment:
Creek Nation. For payment of the remaining sum of
$000,000, retained by the United States until the removal
of the Seminole Indnnsm Flond.i to the country west of
tiie Mississippi, wall inteiest at five per centum pei annum,
from tbe2Sth of Aunu^t, 1838, the date of the ratification
of the tieaty. to the .'id nt March. 1859, per sixth attiele o f
the treaty of Gth August, iboG. £-22f>,ll>G 66.
Mr. Chairman, I was not aware of these esti-
mates until my attention was called to them by
the Presiding Officer. Some gentlemen may in-
quire why th'.y were not submitted at an earlier
day? I have this answer to make: the Semi-
noles have only just now left Florida; a portion
of them left last year. The superintendent, with
some Seminole and Creek Indians, went down to
Florida and endeavored to cffect the removal of
the remaining Indians. He was successful, and
those Indians are now on their way with him to
their brethren west of the Arkansas. The sixth
article of the treaty between the Creeks and Sem-
inoles provides that—
" The remaining sum of $209,000 shall bo retained by the
United States until the removal of the Seminole Indians
now in Florida to the country west of the Mt*sis-ippi river,
which the Government had provided for their tribe, where-
upon the same, with interest thereon at five per centum
from the date of the ratification of this agreement, shall be
paid over to, or be invested for the benefit of, the Creek na-
tion, as may be decided by the proper authorities."
That is the warrant for this appropriation.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means was read, as follows:
For Flonda Indians or Seminoles, for interest on .$23o.000
at five per centnm, to be paid a% annuity by the Government
article of the treaty o( 7th August 1856, they having joined
their brethren in the West, .$12,750.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had underconsideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the bill (H. R- No. 888)
to fulfill certain treaty stipulations with certain In-
dian tribes, and had directed him to report the
same back with certain amendments, and with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments were severally agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
♦ Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to amend
the title by adding to it, "and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, through Mr. J.
B. Henry, his Private Secretary.
WATER TO WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, a bill to provide for
the care and preservation of the work constructed
by the United States for bringing the Potomac
water into the cities of Washington and George-
town.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It places all the aqueduct
works under the ^management and sup6i intend-
ence of a propeily qualified civil engineer,, to be
appointed by the President of the United States,
at a salary of $2,000 a yenr. The engineer is to
report to the Secretary of the Interior, in the
month of November in each year; and his report
is to be laid before Congress. He is to have full
control over the water-works, and regulate the
manner in which the corporations of Washing-
ton and Georgetown shall tap the same. These
corporations are authorized to borrow, the first
$150,000, and the second $50,000, for the pur-
poses of the act, and to regulate the rates at which
the citizens may use the water in houses and
buildings; but prohibits the collecting of anymore
rates than are necessary to defray the expenses.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the bill to au-
thorize the corporations of Washington and
Georgetown to collect water rates.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes; but that they shall not
be a source of revenue.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this civil en-
gineer to be a subordinate to the Interior Depart-
ment, or is there to be a separate and independent
bureau created by this bill?
Mr. BURNETT.. The bill makes him subord-
inate to the Interior Department.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I paid as much
attention as I could to the reading of the bill, and
the only part that strwek me as having reference
to the Interior Department was the provision that
appeals might be taken from the engineer to the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill expressly provides
that the engineer shall report to the Interior De-
partment.
The section in that regard was again read.
The question being on suspending the rules,
Mr. RITCHIE called for tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Thompson were appointed.
Tiie House dtvided; and the tellers reported—
ayo<* 04, noes 21—no quorum voting.
Mr. SlMNNER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN (at four o'clock and twenty-
five minutes, p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 38, noes 75.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at seven o'clock
this evening.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Would a motion to sus-
pend the rules and go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of tjie Union, with a view to
take a recess, be in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules would not be in order. Moreover, the com-
mittee couid not take a recess, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to move to take a recess until seven
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion is hot in order.
There is a motion to suspend the rules already
pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] would withdraw
his motion to suspend the rules, woul<$ it not be
in order to move to suspend the rules in order to
take a recess?
The SPEAKER. It would.
" Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky that it would be better
to pursue that course.
Mr. BURNETT. It'is asking a good deal,
when a gentleman has a measure which is right
and for which the rules would have been sus-
pended if there had been a quorum present, to ask
| him to withdraw his motion. But I have no dis-
position to detain the House; and if I could have
any assurance that I couid $ct the floor again for
the purpose of reporting this bill, I would with-
draw my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should think,
myself, that under the circumstances, the Speaker
would give the gentleman the floor again.
The SPEAKER. It is very uncertain whether
the Speaker would or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr, Bur-
nett's motion to suspend the rules.
