1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Am
The autocrats of the dinner-table might not find
placts if this law were repealed; but still the conn-
try would suffer no detriment. The consuls can
take charge, and do take charge, of all the com-
mercial interests.
1 therefore move to strike out this entire sec-
tion, and would be glad if the yeas and nays could
be taken upon it in'the House.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to modify his motion, so as to
leave in the minister to Spam. At this particular
juncture, it is necessary that we should have a
minister there.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no objection to make
to that modification.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then I will vote
for the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the question be
taken, on the motion of the gentieman from Illi-
nois, I would like to make the clause as perfect
as possible; and will move that in lines fifteen and
sixteen, the words " $314,000" be stricken out,
and the words "#175,000" inserted.
I make the motion for the purpose of obtaining
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means information in reference to a feature
which I see obtains in several parts of this bill.
On referring to the estimates for appropriations
for the next fiscal year submitted to us at the com-
mencement of the session, you will find upon page
71, that there was appropriated for the salaries,
of embassadors and ministers plenipotentiary,
for the year ending June 30, 1859, the sum of
§274,000. It is estimated that on the 30th of
June 1859, there will remain unexpended of that
appropriation, the sum of $100,000, which, as I
understand it, leaves the sum of #174,000 as the
amount necessaiy for the current fiscal year. I
do not know why it has been thought necessary
to increase that amount to the sum of §214,000,
which is asked for in Che estimates, and reported
in this bill for the next fiscal year. The same
thing also occurs in the item for salaries of con-
suls. The amount appropriated for these salaries
for the current year was $173,750, of which it is
estimated that there will remain unexpended on
the 30th of .Tune next, the sum of $33,750, leav-
ing a balance of $140,000, as the amount needed
for the cunent year. And yet it is estimated that
§,240,000 will be lequired for the next fiscal year,
and that sum is provided m this bill. There are
several other items of the same chaiacter.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. One will answer
for the puipose of explanation. The gentleman
has made a mistake. If he will turn to page 53
of the estimates, he will find that the sum of
money required for the salaries of ministers
therein specified would be $314,000; but itis esti-
mated that, on the 30th of June next, there will
remain an unexpended balance of$>100,000. That
unexpended balance being deducted from the
$314,000, will leave the sum specified m the bill.
The page of the estimates to which the gentleman
refers is a little deceptive, the unexpended bal-
ance of $>100,000 having been theio deducted from
the amount lequired, and leaving $214,000; and,
without reference to a previous page of the esti-
mates, (page 53,) it would not appear that the
amount required is really $314,000. The gentle-
man will perceive, by turning1 to page 53, to which
I cite him, that $314,000 is the sum required for
the payment of the salaries of the ministers therein
named; but the Secretary reports that there will
probably be an unexpended balan'ce of $100,000
at the close of this fiscal year, and that amount
has been deducted from the whole amount re-
quired in the statement on the page to wluch the
gentleman has referred
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether, as"a matter of fact, the
salaries of ministers and consuls have been in-
creased in the aggicgate, or whether it is pro-
posed to increase them duung the coming year ?
Mr. PIIIlLPS, of Missoum. It is not proposed
in this bill to increase the salary of any ininistur
or of any consul—that is to say, the Commute.,
of Ways and Means propose no such increase.
Their salaries are regulated by law. Tlie Com-
mittee of Ways and Means only propose to ap-
propriate such sums of money as are lequisite to
pay persons holding office the salaries prescribed
by law, and havededucteu from the amount which
Will be required for that purpose the unexpended
balance which will probably be on hand on the
30th of June next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not suppose that the
salaries of individuals had been increased. My
inquiry was, whether the aggregate amount had
been increased by providing for new missions or
consulships ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There are no
new consulships provided for. The number of
salaried consulates is fixed by law. Consuls may
be appointed at other places than those named in
this bill, but they will receive no compensation
but the fees of office.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is the information I
desired, and I will now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from*Illmois, by striking
out all after the woid " Spain,"in the eighth line,
down to the end of the fourteenth line.
I make this motion, Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of calling the attention of the House, and
especially of gentlemen upon the other side, to the
proposition that if they expect to make any es-
sential reduction in the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment, they have to do it by some radical, strik-
ing change, in some of the Departments of the
Government. This idea of keeping up your dip-
lomatic corps, and your Army, and your Navy,
and all your army of office-holders, and gomgon
with your contracts and such expenditures, and
saving by sixpences, with a view of reducing the
expenditures of the Government, is all idle. It
cannot be done. The question is, what can you
best dispense with ? Where can you best out off
some bianch of the public service which now re-
quires a large expenditure, and which can be dis-
pensed with with the least practical public incon-
venience? Now, I confess to you, sir, that 1
know of no arm of the public service that is more
emphatically useless than this diplomatic service-
none in the world. For commeieial purposes, our
consuls discharge all the duties that are lequired.
The diplomatic ministers discharge no duties of a
commercial character. If you have any treaties
of importance to negotiate, you always send a
special minister, or else have it negotiated with
a foreign minister here in Washington. You
never mtiust your ordinary diplomatic agents
ith serious and important negotiations; and
there is really no necessity for those agents.
Now, I intend to withdraw my amendment and
votefor theamendment of tiicgentleinan fiotn Illi-
nois, [Mr. Lovejoy;] and I want to see hoW much
sincerity theio is in the talk that we hear in this
House about a reduction of the public expendi-
tures. Gentlemen over the way are horrified at
the idea of a huge tariff. Sir, you cannot get i id
of it unless you leduce the expenditures of the
Army and Navy and the diplomatic service, and
others of a similar character. The lopping off, as
the Committee of Ways and Means propose to do,
of §700,000 from an appropriation of $16,000,000
for the Army, is a picayune business after all.
You cannot make any material reduction by such
movement as that. Now, I want, as a matter of
cuiiosity, to see how many members of the House
are willing to come up to what is a substantial re-
form, retrenchment, and reduction of what is, in
my judgment, a wholly useless and unnecessary
public expenditure.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I should
be exceedingly gratified if it were possible to meet
the gentleman from Ohio, and reduce the expend-
itures of this Gu\ ei nment. I would be glad if wc
could do it in this bill. 1 hope we shall be en-
abled to make some 1 eduction before we have
concluded the five minutes' d-.-bato to which wc
are entitled m amending thebilland perfecting it.
But, sir, we can accomplish no practical good by
striking out all of this section after the word
" Spain," or by recalling our ministers fiom
abroad.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio will recollect
that in 1856 a bill was passed by Congress regu-
lating the appointment and payment of our fot-
eiirn miiiisteis, and changing the existing law on
the subject.
Mr. STANTON. I deshe to say to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that, if 1 understand this
bill, it does not make it obligatory upon the Pres-
ident to appoint a single foreign minister. It con-
fers the power to make appo.ntments, but makes
no provision for the payment of their salaries;
and I imagine that if we refuse to make any ap-
propriation for their payment, nobody will oe
very likelv to desire the appointment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That power has been ex-
ercised. We have now ministers at all these
points; and the mere refusal of this Congress to
appropriate a sufficient amoutu of money to pay
these officers of our Government abroad, would
not bring home a single man whom the President
of the United States has appointed. By the act
of 1856, it is provided that all envoys, ministers,
residents, commissioners, &c., included in sched-
ule A, shall be entitled to a certain rate of com-
pensation. Now, th#t compensation is fixed by
law. These officers have been appointed; they
are now abroad; and the-ouly question with me,
as a member of this House, is whether, after the
law has said they shall be entitled to a certain
amount of money, I will refuse to appropriate the
amount necessary for carrying that law into oper-
ation? Now, sir, here, in this bill, we have re-
ported that these officers shall be entitled to the
amount of ^£211,000. The law of 1856 provides
exactly ho>v much they shall receive. It is not
in the power of the Ways and Means Committee
to lessen the sum to which these gentlemen are
entitled. If it were possible, we would have been
glad to reduce the amount. Bat the amount is
provided by law, and wo have no power to change
it. The Piosidont, if we refuse to make this ap-
propriation, will nut call home a single minister;
niul the only effect of the motion of the gentleman
fromOhio would be, thatCongress would be called
upon at its next session to provide the means by
w Inch the payment of the salaries of these niinis-
tei s could be made. We could effect no good re-
sult by withholding tins appropriation.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent,
withdrew bin amendment.
Mr. SCALES. I move to amend by striking
out.the seventh line of i his section. It is admit-
ted, 1 believe, on all hands on this side of the
House, as well as on the of her side, that there is
a necessity for retrenchment and reform in the
expenses of the (Srovei nment. The President of
the United States has, in his annual message, in-
vited Congress to a rigid scrutiny into the ex-
penses of all the Departments of Government, for
the purpose, if possible, of reducing the expenses.
I am here to respond to what the gentleman from
Ohm, over the way, [Mi. Stanton,] has said; and
I will say that there has been, and will be before
this House, no bill in which that reform and re-
tienchment can more propeily be commenced
than in the bill now before this committee.
The gentleman from Alabama correctly told us
this morning, of a lane in the history of this Gov-
ernment, when we had but few ministers plenipo-
tentiary abroad; when our commercial interests
abroad were mostly attended to by commercial
agents; and when the whole cost of our diplo-
matic service did not exceed $100,000. Now the
salaries of our ministers and consuls amount to
nearly five hundred thousand dolUis.
I say then, if we are to bring about any re-
trenchment and reform, now is the time to begin.
If the House nfuse to do it now, I shall despair
of their doing it at any time. I invoke the aid of
the Democratic party; I invoke the aid of the
.Committee on Foreign Affairs; I invoke the aid
of the Committee of Ways and Means; I invoke
the aid of eveiy one wi> o is in favor of this work
of retienchinent and reform, to commence with
this bill. 1 withdraw my amendment. ^
Mr. LOVEJOY. I modify my amendfnent so
as to strfke out the whole paiagraph, and in-
sert:
For salary of envoy extraordinary to Spain, §12,500.
Mr. BUFFINTOST called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craio, of
Missouri, and Buffintox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 68.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strike out the
word "Rome," in the eleventh line.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I make the point
of order that the proposition to strike out the
whole paragraph having been negatived, it is not
now m order to move to satuke outany particular
, item of that paiagraph.
