1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
heavy ordnance," and had not increased the
amount, the Committee of Ways and Means
would have had no objections.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Fifth and sixth amendments:
Strike out "one," and insert "two," and add those words:
$100,000 of which may be used duiing the present fiscal
year; so that the clause will read :
For, ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, including
horse equipments for the mounted regiments, $>230,000—
$100,000 of which may be used during the present fiscal
year.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended nf>n-concurrence.
The amendments were severally non-concurred
in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out "$50,000," and insert "$100,000;" so that
the ciau.se will rend :
For tlie Beiticia arsenal, $100,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Strike out "$lo,0U0," and insert" $21,000so that the
clause will lead : _
For Texas arsenal, $21,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrcnce.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
After the words, " for Watcrvliet arsenal, $25,000," add
the following:
A part of winch sum may he applied to the purchase of
a pn-'ce ot ground adjoining the arsenal on the south sitle,
e&st of the Erie canal.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurronce.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In^eit the following:
For deftaymg the expense? of the reooveiy and the res-
toration to their homes of the children surviving the mas-
sacre by Indians of the emigrant trains trom Arkansas, in
the fall of 1S57. $10,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the
committee that there are seventeen of these chil-
dren, between the ages four and seven, and
that it is necessary to appropriate the sum of
$10,000 for the purpose of restoring them. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend con*
currence.
Mr. CLAY. I ask whether these children are
the survivors of those who were killed in the
southern part of Utah, on their way from Ark-
ansas to California''
Mr. CRAWFORD. I believe they are.
Mr. CLAY Then I move to strike out the
words, "by Indians;" for I believe those emi-
grants were killed by the Mormons, not by In-
dians, and I do not want injustice to be heaped
on the poor Indian.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Insert the following:
For the payment to the State of Minnesota, for expenses
inclined by Captain James sitai key's company of Minne-
sota volunteer, called out by the Governor of the Territory
of MiimeMita, in 1837, to protect the settlers of the valley
of Sunnse liver against the Chippewa Indians, <$2,H39, or
so much thereof a& may be necessary.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Inseu the following:
Fot the removal of the Court Oiielle hand of the Chip
pewa Indians, on the Red Cedar and Menotnonee river.-, in
Wisconsin, and piovidmg a permanent home for them
among the Chippewas of Lake tiupeuor or the Cpper Mis-
sissippi, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I should
like to kn^v on what grounds the Committee of
Wavs and Means recommend non-concurrence.
I will state to the committee the circumstances.
There are scattered bands of these Chippewa In-
dians in the pineries of Wisconsin. They have
become exceedingly troublesome there, robbing
and murdeimg, and committing all kinds of dep-
redations. The Indian department has had to
send n special messnnvpr there this winter to
lbok into the subject, and from his report the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs has recommended,
as the only way by which the trouble can be got
rid of, to have them removed; and I understand
they are willing to go. He has recommended
this appropriation to he made. I hope the com-
mittee will concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin that we had nopapers what-
ever sent down with -this amendment from the
Senate. All we know in reference to it was just
what appeared on the face of the amendment it-
self.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Georgia if there
was not before the Committee of Ways and
Means a letter from Governor Denver recom-
mending this appropriation?
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir; no.
Mr. MORRILL. There was such a letter be-
, fore the committee. I do not know whether the
j gentleman from Georgia heard of it.
I Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not remember it.
I But the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
I mended a non-concurrence in this amendment,
for the purpose of getting this matter better un-
derstood when the bill goes to the committee of
conference, as it will certainly have to do.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It can be
perfectly understood here. It is a very simple
matter. I ask that the letter of Governor Denver
may be read.
The Clerk read the letter; which is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
OfFicE Indum Affairs, February-2L, 1859.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
leltei of the 16th instant, in which yeueall my attention to
the report of M. Martin, Em]., late special agent of the De-
partment, in regard to the Clnppewdx on the Jtod Cedar and
Menotnonee rivers, in WtsroriMn ; and in view of the facts
contained m Ins icport, respecting the aggregate number of
the Indians, estimated at from tourto five hundred, and the
impracticability of confining them witlim the reservation at
Lac Court Oneile, j am inclined t" concur in the opinion
expressed by you a> to the propriety of providing them a
home elsewhere. The land at Lac (Joint Orielle is not well
adapted to agricultural purposes; and, a>-no final action
has heen taken by the Department m relation to the loca-
tion of the reserve, I would suggest that, in case it should
be deemed advisable to take legislative action in the prem-
ises, it will be necessary for Congress to place at the dis-
posal of tin? Department an appropriation of $10,000, for
the purpose of providing those Indians a permanent home
among the Chippewas of Lake Superior, or the Mississippi;
and in my opinion, this Mim will be sufficient to secure the
removal of tho>e straggling bands of Chippewas trom the
limits of Wisconsin.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. DENVER, Commissioner.
Hon. C. C. Washburn, House oj Rejvesentatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Add the following:
Foi repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Springfield armory, Massachusetts, $53,910.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Add the following:
Tor repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry armory, $55,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Add the following:
For printing a revised edition of the system of instruction
for field artillery, horse and foot, to be stereotyped, with en-
graved plates, now ready for the press, and tor procuring
lor distribution to the miiiUa of the United States books of
tactical instruction, $10,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Add the following:
For the construction of a military road from Fort Benton
to Waila-Walla, $100,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. This road
is recommended by the Secretary of War. I have
here two communications from the Secretary of
War, in which he urges the construction of the
road as a matter of present necessity for the move-
mentof troops and the defense of the country. I
ask that the communications be read.
The Clerk read the communications, as follows:
War Department, January 20, 1859.
Sin: T have to acknowledge the receipt ot tlie letter from
your committee, of the 5th instant, inclosing twd bill«s pro-
viding for the construction of a road froih Fort Abercromhie
to Seattle, and the survey of the upper Missouri and Co-
lumbia, for the views of this Department as to how fat the
proposed measure* are required by the military necessities
of the country ; and, in reply, have the honor to submit the
following remarks:
J. As to the " military necessities" for the construction
of the road from " Fort Abercrombie, on the Red River of
the North, via Fort Union, Fort Benton, the Bitter Root
valley, and the Snoqualmoo Pass, to Seattle, on Puget
Sound.J>
The numerous tribes of Indians in the Territories of
Washington and Oregon, which have lately catted us a
serious war, will undoubtedly require the piesence there,
for many years to come, of large bodies of troops, for lie
purpose of maintaining the quiet of the country and tlie
safety of the settlers.
A similar necessity will compel us to maintain a consid-
erable force in the region along the upper Missouri and Red
River of the North, to control the large bands of Dacotahs,
As-aueboins, and Chippewas.
Willi the present force of the Army, it will, probably, be
impossible to maintain, in each section, force sufficient to
prevent the occasional outbreaks which may occur, and the
constant movement of troops will have to be-kept upas
heretofore. Troops in either of these sections can bemoved
across the country, by the route proposed, much more effi-
ciently than by the circuitous route fiom either section to
the adjacent seaboard, thence by water transportation to
the other seaboard, and thence, by a considerable inland
journey, to the place where they may be required. The
advantages which this inland route thus offers would be
constantly increasing with the advance of the settlements
up the Missouri and Columbia, alieady taking place.
The opening of the road through the mountain section
would gieatly increase the facilities for the settlementof the
region; and communities would eventually be found suffi-
ciently strong for their own security, and thus dispense with
the necessity of military occupation.
The passage of the troops from the east to the west, or
the reverse, would be tiirough the country of the most pow-
eiful of our Indian tribes, atid, by the moral effect of such
transit, would, in a great measure, prevent the occurrence
of those wars which are always attended with heavy ex-
pense.
The near approach to each other of the navigable waters
of the Missouri and Columbia rivers, requiring, probably,
land transportation for only about five hundred miles, will,
m the event of a foreign war, make this route the most
available in our territory for a wagon road, by which to
transport the heavy supplies and munitions of war, as well
as troops with which to guard the northern portion of the
Pacific shore; while affording, in tune of pcace, facilities
for the transportation of troops and supplies to that section
with great rapidity, and at a cost immensely below that of
the means at present used.
Regarded as a measure of economy alone, this road pos-
sesses decided advantages. To move the ninth legiment
of infantry from Fort Monroe, Virginia, to Fort Vancou-
ver, on the Columbia, cost $150,000 ; and before the troops
arrived at the scene of their duties m the interior, the
amount reached $*2i)0,000. Four regiments are now sta-
tioned in the region of country with which the road con-
nects. To keep the ranks filled, and to supply casualties,
such as deaths and desertions, more than the equivalent of
one regiment would have to be sent out annually, as re-
cruits; for the average term of service, allowing for reen-
listments, would he less than four years. To move these
troops from Fort Benton to Fort Walla^Walla would not
take more than a month, and the cost of the movement
would not exceed $100,000 ; while the men would reach
their destination m good health, and tnlly prepared for ser-
vice, by theiY daily duties on the match, instead of, after
suffering the discomforts of a long sea voyage through the
tropics, for nearly five weeks, without drills and without
discipline, m a condition unfit to take the field.
It would seem, therefore, to be sound military policy to
build the proposed road.
The former appropriation of $30,000 for a road from Fort
Benton to Fort Walla-Walla, made by the act of Februqry
8, 1855, was quite inadequate to accomplish that object. It
is m this section that a largp portion of the difficulties of tlie
proposed route are to be found; and the amount asked for
in the bill, $350,000, is not deemed too great to effect the
object deigned.
The effort was made, during the past season, to com-
mence the opening of the road between Fort Walla-Walla
and Fort Benton, but proved unavailing, in consequence of
the Indian hostilities in Washington Territory.
2. In regard to the " military necessity" of the surveys of
the upper Missouri, from Fort Union to the Great Falls,
above Fort Benton, and ofthc Columbia, from the Cascades
" to Kettle falls, near Colville, to determine their practica-
bility as routes for troops and military supplies," I have to
say that these surveys have been repeatedly urged by offi-
cers of the Army for the purposes mentioned.and the inform-
ation is very destrable, in order that the Department may
act advisedly m directing military operations. The imper-
fect examinations which have been made, give reason to
infer that reliable useful navigation, to a certain extent, will
be found.
The bills accompanying your letter are, herewith, re-
turned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of IVar,
Hon. C. J. Faulkmsr, Chairman of the Committee on Mil*
itary Affairs, House of Representatives.
War Department, Washington, D. C.,
February 24,1858.
Sir : Attaching much importance to the military road
from Fort Abercrombie. on the Red River of the North, to
Seattle, on Puget Bound. a hqu Id the committee not fev.1 wai -
ranted in r'etfmnmGinitng the wHo'Ip animiift of tlfe appiopft-
