1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
atien asked for. $-330,000,1 would ask that an appropriation
be made for that portion between Fort Benton and Fort
Walla-Walla.  
It will take two geaions to complete the work; and econ-
omy will require that the party making the road should
winter on the line of operations, during which time the
pai ty would be engaged in getting out timber for bridges, and
Other work of a similar character.
From the best estimates that I have been able to procure,
I estimate that the amount of $200,000 will be required to
complete tins work; one half of which will be sufficient to
carry on operations until the meeting of the next Congress.
Regarding tin* road a very important one in a„military
point of view, I recommend it to the favorable consideia-
lion of the committee.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B,. FLOYD, Seirataiy of }Var>
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Chairman Military Committcoy
-United States Senate.
Mi*. FAULKNER. I will state that this sub-
ject was under consideration in the Committee
on Military Affairs, and they have authorized
me to prepare a bill appropriating §30,000 for the
construction of this road from Port Benton to
"YValla-Walla. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senate by striking out " $100,000," and
inserting " $30,000" in lieu thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BONHAM. I would say to the commit-
tee, that $30,000 is all that was originally asked
for tiiis work; and the Committee on Military
Affairs were of opinion that that amount would
be amply sufficient. And, under the present pres-
sure on the Treasury, I do not think that more
ought to be appropriated.
Mr, GROW. Everybody knows that $30,000
" will not build this road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "It is a thou-
sand miles in length.
Mr. GARNETT. It Is well known that this
is a mere pretext for building a commercial road;
and I ask for a division on the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQajeen
and Nichols were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 44.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert sw follows:
Sec. 2. *dnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, uuthon/.ed to repay to the State
ofTexa*, out of any money in the Treasury nor othei wi-c
nppiopnated, moneys advanced by that State tor the pay-
ment of six companies of mounted volunteers called into
f-cmee by CJeneial PerMler F. Smith, on tins 1st of \ovem
ber, I Pol, for three montlw: Pro ruled. That there shall bo
no gieater pay or allowances to these companies than was
given to similar troops in the service of the United States.
Mr, CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Add a*, follow*:
Si-c.. 3. JInd br it further evader/, That for the purpose
ol executing a resolution appioved May 11, 1KM, enirtled
" A resolution to authoti/.e the Secretary of War to leeeive
additional BVidence in mpport of the claims of Mr^s.icliu-
f=ctts and other States ol the United Slates for ihsbm-e
ments, services, &c., during the late war,1' the Secietaiy
of the Treasury be, and hen hereby, aiuhoi i^ed and di-
rected f> pay to M<is;*achu<jett.s, out ot any moneys m tin
Treai-uty not otherwise nppropiiated, the.sum of 21,1 ?f>-l.v,
repotted under said i evolution to he due to Mid Stale by J
K. roin^ett, late r>eeieiaiy of War, m a report datcd'tho
£23d of December, JK37, made to the llou^e of Kepi'^ent.i-
tives the :27th of December, lb37. Pyoruled, 'That in lieu
of pav iiient in monej , the Seeretaiy ot the Tiea-'iry mav,
ot Ins di-eieuon, hem: to said State United Stale- -toek,
heai 111 <_f mteres! of five per cent nth pci an mini, and u deem
able at the end ol ten jeai^ oi sooner at the pleasure 4 the
J'lesidPiit.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with an amendment.
Mr. McRAE. I wish to say a word in refer-
ence to this amendment. This question was be-
fore the Committee on Military AiFairs, and the
claim was referred to me as a member of that
committee for examination. Upon investigation
of it from the reports of the accounting officers of j
the Tteasury, and of the Secretary of War, there j
was no doubt that this amount claimed by the .
State of Massachusetts was justly due to her; and J
the Committee on Military Affairs unanimously ,
authorized me to report a bill making an appro- |
priation for the amount necessary to cover this ■
c|aim. I feltit due to the State of Massachusetts i
that the action of the Military Committee, and the i.
facts in reference to this claim, should be made
known to this committee.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by striking
out the proviso. If this amount is due to the State
of Massachusetts at all, she is entitled to receive
the full amount in money.
Mr. BUFFiNTON. I will state to the gentle-
man that we are satisfied with the amendment of
the Senate as it is; and I hope he will withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. STEWART,of Maryland. Very well; if
Massachusetts is satisfied to be paid in this way,
I have no objection,and will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not propose
to make any speech upon this claim. I shall ask
for a separate vote upon it, and the yeas and nays
in the House; and let those who are for passing
such a claim put their name on the Journal. For
myself, I am against it.
Several Members. Certainly; we will do that.
Mr. McRAE. I would have suggested myself
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maryland, believing that the claim is just, and
ought to be paid in money. I learned, however,
from the gentlemen representing that State in this
House that they were satisfied to reccive United
States stocks, bearing interest at five per cent.; and
therefore I did not wish to raise a question now
which might give rise to considerable discussion.
I will say, in answer to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] who seems to be the peculiar
guardian of the Treasury, that I am as much in
favor of economy in the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment as lie is; that I am as much in favor of
reform and retrenchment as he or any member of
this House is. I am a free trade man, and a strict
constructionist; but show me a claim which lsjust,
and I will advocate it, no matter what the agiount
is. I will put my name upon the Journal, so that
the country may see where I stand. The gentle-
man shall have the privilege and pleasure of hav-
ing my vote recorded in favor of this claim when
it comes into the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee"of Ways
and Means had this under consideration, and
unanimously agiced that it should be passed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will correct the gentleman
from Georgia. He said the Committee of Ways
and Means unanimously agreed to it. I wish to
say that I dissented from it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman did not
vote for it, I am mistaken so far as he is con-
cerned. I did not know that any member of the
committee objected to it.
Mr. CLARIC, of Missouri. I move to amend
by a provision to pay to the State of Missouri
the amount it cost her to iepel the hostilities of
the Odnge Indians. The Committee on Military
Affairs reported in favor of this claim of the Stale
of Missouri. Missouri is entitled to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of oider. Is the amendment in order?
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not to be in order. There is no law
authorizing the appropriation.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am afraid that
everything for my Slate is out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to add to
the provision underconsideiation an amendment
giving authority to the President to cause an issue
of $i'20,()()l),(MK) of stock, at not exceeding five per
centum, to pay the other debts of the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
in order. There is no law authorizing it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; but it is
germane to this subject. This is to pay the debts
which we contract under this bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. Is the point of order debat-
able.'
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I object. i
Mr. GROE8BECK. What is the character of
this claim ? Does it provide for interest?
Several Members. Not a dollar.
Mr. McRAE. This claim does not pay in- j
terest. It is to pay the State of Massachusetts <
a claim incurred during the war of 1812, and upon 1
which she asks no interest. It is founded upon '
the legislation of Congress. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want to inquire ;
whether this claim is not analogous, or, indeed, j
identical, with a large class of other claims which I
have been paid to otherjStates for similar expend-
itures?
Mr. McRAE. I will answer the gentleman's
question. It is analogous this far: other States
have presented similar claims for similar ad-
vances, which have been allowed. It is analo-
gous that far. But this is dissimilar in the fact
that it has not yet been paid.
Mr. GARNETT. I really wish to vote in-
telligently on this question. It is said that the
Committee of Way sand Means approved it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, on that commit-
tee, says that he dissented to it. 1 think it rea-
sonable to ask some gentleman, who understands
this matter, to state the grounds upon which this
claim rests, before we are called upon to vote
on it.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to strike out this ap-
propriation.
Mr. Chairman, it appears, from the language of
this clause, that, so long ago as 1837, the Secre-
tary of War reported to Congress that this claim
was due. Now, I will not question that it is due,
in view of the fact that the Committee of Ways
and Means and the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have said that it was due; but I would like
some gentleman to tell me why it is, if this claim
was exarmncd and reported to be due twenty
years ago, it has never been paid ?
Mr. BUFFINTON. Mr. Chairman, I will,
with the gentleman's permission, reply to his in-
terrogatories. That question was asked, in the
Senate, when this subject was before that body,
and the Senator from Maryland said that the only
reason the claim was not paid was on account of
the political prejudice against the State of Massa-
chusetts.
I will say that this claim -was referred to the
Military Committee of this House by my colleague
from the Springfield district, and that committee
unanimously reported in favorof paying the claim.
It was then referred by my colleague in the Sen-
ate to the Military Committee in that branch, and
received the unanimous approval of that commit-
tee. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
moved this amendment to the Army bill, and the
amendment passed the Senate withoutadivision.
It has also been apprqpved by the Committee of
Ways and Means in this House.
Mr. BRANCH. I can oniy say that if a just
claim of the State of 4 Massachusetts has re-
mained unpaid for more than twenty years after
the Secretary of War has decided that it was due,
because of political prejudice against that State,
then it was done from an unworthy motive, and
is a most unjust proceeding. I do think, consid-
ering the size of this claim, and the length of
time it appears to have been recognized by the
authorities of the Government, that some gentle-
man ought to state to the committee the nature
of the claim, and the grounds upon which it rests.
There ought to be some other reason given than
has already been assigned. Not, sir, that I ques-
tion the justice of the claim; I have no doubt, lr
view of the facts before us, that it is a just claim,
but I think it is due to the country that some
explanation should be made to the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I will state what
is the nature of this claim. It is a claim"for moneys
expended by Massachusetts during the last war
with Great Britain, and which came under the
three rules established by Congress for the allow-
ance of these claims. rJLhe first of these rules is,
when the frfihtia of the State was called out in
defense of her territory and coast when there was
actual invasion, or when there was well-ground-
ed apprehension of invasion. The second was,
when the troops were called out by the Governor
of the State and were afterward recognized ^pd
called into service by the United States authori-
ties; and the third was, when they were called
out directly by the President of the United States.
These three luleswere prescribed in a law enact-
ed by Congress, and under these three rules the
claim of Massachusetts was submitted to the Sec-
retary of War, who audited the adfcounts and
found this balance due, and it has never been
paid.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether, during the
last war,'Massachusetts ever refused to let her
militia leave that State?
Mr. DAWES. It is true, Mr. Chairman, that
at the beginning of the war, m the very first
