1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
continuance of this agitation. How can a point
be settled if this has not been settled? I present
the action of Congress, whereby this asserted
power was repudiated and its exercise refused.
1 present the action of the people through national
conventions, indorsing, accepting, and guaranty-
ing this congressional decision, and pledging the
country to stand by and sustain it. I might cite
a later case, m which men of all parties came to-
gether to vote for the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment—a bill drawn upon the principles of
the legislation of 1850, which commanded the ma-
jority of this House at its last session. After so
many and so often-repeated declarations of tribu-
nals, courts, Congress, and people, what must we
think of the pertinacity which now seriously pro-
poses " to fight our battles o'er again?" 1 re-
spectfully submit to the people of the free States
thatitisan ovctdraftupon then prejudices, which
should be protested by their patriotism and in-
telligence.
It is nothing more nor less than an effort to
aboliiionizc the Republican party; for it places in
their mouths new dogmas of the most radical
stamp, which far surpass anything that party has
heretofore professed as cardinal. Sir, we were
told, two years since, at least by the Americans
who were then acting with the Republican party,
but claiming to be Americans, that the mission of
the Republican party would be ended when the
destiny of Kansas should be settled; that it ori-
ginated in, and was limited to, opposition to the
introduction of slavery into Kansas. This was
its only purpose. Because the people of the free
Stales were indignant at the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise act of 1820, they then determ-
ined slavery should not make any advantage
from a proceeding which they doomed aggressive
and marked by bad faith. Now the destiny of
Kansas is sealed; the Republican oigamzation
has no further mission to perform, consistently
with the design m which it originated. Men
have now an opportunity to halt and to take a
new observation. At this point of time and op-
portunity I addiess myself to the Americans of
the fiee States particularly, under hope that they
will seriously consider their duty; and that they
will now choose definitely between the conserva-
tism of Americanism and the radicalism and ab-
stractions of an abohtiomzed Republican organi-
zation.
Heretofore, I have understood their position
and the tendencies which controlled them. I
could easily comprehend that a man, professing
all the material tenets of the American doctrine,
at the same time felt all the opposition to the ic-
peal of the Missouii compromise act, which wits
so general a sentiment among the p< ople of the
free States. I can see how such a man, adhering
to the American cause, thought there was no in-
consistency in rnaintainiivi; the other proposition
likewise. I can understand how he became com-
mitted to a*current whose velocity he could not
resist and whose direction he could not control,
until he stood before the country apparently so
Repubhcamzed that the light of his Americanism
shone as a farthing candle only, compared with
the intensity of his Republicanism. Dut, sir, the
vote of Kansas on the Lecompton constitution
lias settled all doubt as to the will of the Kansas
people. Heieafter no party, and no considerable
body of any party, out of Kansas, will seek to
interfere in the disposition of the slavery question
by Kansas. The will of the Kansas people will
be carried out, and Kansas will come into the
Union, as a State, under such constitution as
shall express the voice and command the acqui-
escence of the people who ate to iive under it.
That contest is dosed; even the distinguished Sen-
ator from New Yoik announces that it is closed;
the leading Democrats of the South recognize it
as closed. I hope 1 may be pardoned for an ex-
pression of my own thankfulness that it has been
so settled as to vindicate the great principles of
non-intervention and popular sovereignty, which
were canonized by the legislation of I8o0.
In this exigency, what should become of the
Republican organization r If tiv avoidance of
slavery extension to Kansas, because that would
have been violative of the provisions of the Mis-
souri compromise act, was the sole cause of the
origin of that organization, 11 it ce.i-e when
its ical mission has been fulfilled? Or shall it
crect new altars before which its members shall
be called to worship ? adopt new banners, which
iffs masses shall be required to follow? The lat-
ter course is palpably the determination of those
with whom the gentlemen from Maine and Ohio
act. And that determination on their part is a
summons to all the Americans of the free States;
conservative men of the free States, to choose
now between a political array guided by these
leaders, upon mere abstractions to radical sec-
tional purposes, and to ultimate overwhelming
defeat, and that moderate practical school of pol-
itics which seeks harmony between the different
sections of the Republic, by recognizing the rights
of all sections, and by working for the general
good, with a patriotic zeal that comprehends the
interest of each part of the country as the great-
est good of the whole.
The theory of the Senator from New York may
be summed up thus:
1. Slaveholding States are oligarchies, and, as
such, arc not consistent with that republican
equality which should exist between men who
live under democratic institutions.
2. Slaveholders, being ohgatchists, prefer an
aristocracy to a democracy; and tlnur effoitsin
the history of the Government of the United
States proving them to be aggressive, cites ail who
love democracy ratherthan oligarchy and aristoc-
racy, to present an opposition to slaveholders.
3. History and example prove that there must be
homogenoousness of labor in a country governed
under c^ne political system; therefore, xce must
ultimately all be free, or all be slaves; and this
fact being accepted as axiomatic, the corollary
fioni it is, thai all free people in the free States
should unite in one effort to put down &la-veholdeis
in this Government, or, at least, to assume con-
trol ofiis policy and future destiny, rcgaidless of
the views, interests, or wishes, of slaveholders.
4. There bang no sentence m the English lan-
guage it would be pohtic to embody exactly the
result to flow from the practice upon the foregoing
political views and purposes, we had best rest
the new oigmization on the general principle,
"all men are created equal, and are endowed
by their Cieator wifb ceilaui unalienable lights,
amongst whiHi arc life, liberty, and the piusuit
of happiness. " This will be hke Napoleon, who
" assumed the empire to protect the iiberiiesof
France." Now, J respectfully submit to the
people cf the free States that these propositions
disclose an int* nt to practice, under a vague gen-
erality, upon a theory of absolute hostility to
slavery, as it exists m our country, which is at
war with the compromises of th4Constitution, the
character and original basis of the Government
of the United States, and winch can by possibil-
ity prove successful only upon a dismemberment
of the Union, and the rum of that political edifice
which was constructed by our forefathers for the
benefit of their posterity.
I need not multiply words to exhibit the char-
acter and purpose of this school of politics. It
is exposed as plain and undisguised abolitionism j|
by the very statement of its own dogmas. It j
is the abolition element of the Republican party j;
seeking to lead and contiol that organization to j!
its own purposes, and, under its name, to revive !j
and pursue a theory heretofore repelled and repu- j|
diated by the good sense and patriotism of the !
people of the free States. I
The answer to this whole theory may be briefly
summed up thus: our forefathers, inhabiting the
British colonies m America, by common effort,
achieved independence and formed a Coih*ed«,ra-
tion. In most of the colonies which then com-
bined, slavery was an extdhig ftct. In the sub-
sequent. establishment of the Government under
fhe Constitution of the United States, this fact,
was left where it was found, to be controlled by
the separate municipalities m which it existed;
no fqrther note being taken of it in the Cons'itu-
tion than the provision touching the extradition
of fugitives ficm service, the power to repress
the slave trad--, and the representation accorded
to three fifths of the colored population. This
last provision was a compromise made by slave-
holders with statesmen from the North, who in-
sisted upon the representation of the whole of that
population. The explanation of this effort on then-
part is found m the single fact that representa-
tion and direct, taxation were established as cor-
relatives by our Constitution; and the northern
statesmen of that day were solicitous to expose
as large a surface of their neighbors as possible
to the burden of maintaining the Government.
The practice of supporting Government by a
tariff of duties on imports shut*off the slave pop-
ulation from a direct taxation upon their value,
and left in operation only their political repre-
sentation; a result which, examined alone, seems
to leave no corresponding equivalent to the North,
but which has in fact secured fortune and power
to that section, through the encooFhgementgiven
to meehartical and manufacturing industry which
has found its permanent home in the midst of the
North, upder the well-directed energy of that
people.
When gentlemen from the free Statef at this
day criticise the institutions of the slave States asF
oligarchic or aristocratic, will they answer if they
are more so now than they wen' when the Con-
federation existed, or when the Constitution was
adopted > And if, finding fault with these features,
they would make them cause for a crusade against
slaveholders, will they not admit that their posi-
tion invokes a censure upon those men who in
the ancient time entered into those constitutional
obligations with these oligarchies that established
the very relations which exist to-day ? How can'
those relations be changed without disunion,
or usurpation of power within the Union? If
these men will avow disunion as their purpose,
the patriotism of the people of Maine even will
soon dispose of their theory and of them. If they
will avow usurpation of power contrary to con-
stitutional obligation, will not the people whom
they address spurn their counsels and maintain
their own plighted faith to brethren and country-
men ? There is no concession in the Constitution
by which fhctse gentlemen or their constituents
can legitimately inteifere with the institutions of
a State which are republican in form, or in any
manner control a State in the adoption or rejec-
tion of a given system of domestic labor. They
declare that they do not seek to interfere with sla-
very in vSiatcs where it exists—that there they
would extend to it all the protection secured by
the Constitution. They aver that they only seek
to prevent its extension to Territories. The ar-
gument already adverted to proves that this prop-
osition is itself a suggested usurpation of power
not conferred on Congress. I have already cited
to this point the results of several contests—con-
tests in which these very leaders were actually
and actively engaged, and in which they icere de-
fected, Their theory has been rejected not only
because it reeommentls usurpation, but ithas been
condemned by men who refuse it on grounds of
general political expediency.
There is anothci consideiation bearing on this
view of my subject which of itself should secure
: the rejection of this theory, and which exposes
it as a mere abstraction sei/.ed on by politicians
fatally bent upon mischief. Our country has ex-
tended from east to west until its boundaries in
that direction rest upon the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans. The State of California and Oregon have
determined against the jnn-oduotion of slavery
into their borders. Minnesota has rejected if.
Kansas has also substantially settled the ques-
tion for herself. Texas has already determined its
future by the voice of her people, and the resolu-
tions of aneexction. The Indians own and oc-
cupy the ro<rion between Kansas and Texas. Utah
and New Mexico weffc created by the act of 1850.
In the cafe of Utah, I well remember the Wilmot
proviso was offered to the bill as an amendment,
and leceived only some) forty-eight votes. I cite
this fact to show that, after the passage of the
New Mexico bill in 3830, with the guarantees it
contains, there was but an inconsiderable number
of Representatives here, even from the free States,
who continued to ur->e the power of Congress
; which the gcnilemen claim, and the expediency of
its application to Utah. In the free States, who
i that ever professed that ardent love of the Union
| which should distinguish a genuine Ameiican,
j will to-day or hereafter join a crusade, whose pro-
i fesscd object is to pull down and to tear away the
principles which were established in 1850, and
: which constitutedthc chief glory of that conserva-
tive Administration which, under the auspices of
Fillmore and Clay and Webster, assisted by the
patriotism of Dickinson and other Democrats,
gave peace to a dislraced and divided eountry?
I have adverted to the political status of the
Pacific slope, to that of Texas, Minnesota, Kan-
