464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
sas, and the Indian Territory, and to the guaran-
tees to New Mexico and Utah contained in the
act of 1850, to bring before the popular mind the
fact that they cover every inch of territory within
the present boundary of the Union except that
inconsiderable section embraced by the Gadsden
purchase, known as the Mesilla valley. Havjng
no further power of continental expansion in an
eastern or western direction, let us look to the
north and south. Passing the present cordon of
free States, we find the whole north in the hands
of Powers quite able to hold their possessions, and
a climate, too, entirely uninviting to the establish-
ment of slavery. Any professed expectation of.
its spread thither will be condemned by ordinary
intelligence as entirely apocryphal. Looking to
the south, we find a people of a different race from
our own, involved in anarchy and cjviI wars,and
unable to respond to any national obligation. We
find a climate and productions where slavery
might be advantageously employed in the devel-
opment of the resources of the land. Shoulditbe
the fate of our country to be compelled to absorb
a portion of Mexico, or even the whole of H, there
is no probability of its being done at any early
day. When it is done, shall we be told by the
people of the free States that they bland on gua>d
to prevent the States in that direction from intro-
ducing slavery, if tin; people inhabiting them may
desire to do so? Why, oven those advocates of
the theory of the Senator from New York do not
pretend to control the action of Stutes; and when-
ever any part of Mexico enters our system, it will
be absorbed by Slates. The idea of a protectorate
over a part of a iState which the President has
advanced, implying, as it does, paralysis to the
administrative Junctions of the State, will never
obtain. But, if thoso Status conn; into our Union,
it will only happen when they come aa Texas did,
with institutions already organized, upon the char-
acter of which no question cmi arise here.
Looking, then, at our present condition and
our capacity of future expansion, I respectfully
submit that there is no excusc for the rene.wal of
slavery agitation. This country needs no legisla-
tion about slavery. The power of Congress re-
quires no assertion on this distracting theme*, be-
cause the guarantees of existing law aie already
applied to eveiy foot of ground within the pres-
ent boundanes of the Union. Where will these
Republican leaders find territory on which to
make tangible application of their peculiar dog-
mas ? If any such place exists, I appeal to the
Democratic party, which now holds the power
both in this and at the other wing of the Capitol,
to bring forward bills at once to establish terri-
toiial governments therein, consistently with the
principles which have been decided heretofore in
this forum, and m ihe judicial depaitment of the
Government; pinn-iples upon the preservation of
which alone 1 do honestly believe the harmony
of the Ameiiean Union can be preserved. I wish
that the sluices of possible future agitation may
be closed, and that the bitter waters of section-
alism may be stayed forever.
Mr. Chairman,] have nothing furtherto add, in
order to attest my steadfast opposition to the dog-
mas asserted by those to whom I have been re-
plying;notlung which could pomtout more cleaily
than what I have said, the broad and salient fact
that there can be no coalitign between the politi-
cians of that school and men who think as I do.
When the gentleman from Maine abandons ins
obnoxious abstractions and sectional views, and
shall be ready to march upon a platform of broad,
Union-loving, and piactieal statesmanship, that
shall discaid necrophilism,andexhaust its benev-
olence and its wisdom m some effort to restore the
country to prosperity and to serve the interests of
the white men who inhabit it, we may combine;
but on his idea, resistance will last while i live.
The gentleman gave me to understand that if
we could not stand by the Republican principles
as he expounded them, Mame and New York
and other States would go into the possession of
the Democratic party. Sir, I have long suspected
there was buta single point of difference between
Republicans like the gentlemaiyVom Maine and
the Democrats. He confirms m*f supposition by
the declaration ihat, if an opposition cannot be
framed upon the ideas announced in his speech
touching slavery, we may expect an exodus of
his whole tribe to the Democratic party. This
means, I suppose, that on this que'stion of the
power of Congress over slavery Mone, they differ;
or, at least, that if the Republicans cannot wki
power on their own basis, they consider the pres-
ent Democratic party their next best chance. I
cannot contradict the gentleman, nor dissuade
him from his inclinations. I can only say to him
that not even such a misfortune as a painful sep-
aration from him can produce a modification of
my principles; and when he arrives in the Dem-
ocratic camps 1 only wish the leaders of that
organization much joy of the acquisition of a
new patch to their political quilt, which already
exhibits nearly every color of the rainbow.
The gentleman from Maine denounces an op-
position to Democracy based upon any other the-
ory than his own, as " a contrivance which would
go to picces immediately on being launched by
the American people." He proposes, more sens-
ibly, I suppose, to administer the Government of
this country upon the single principle he has an-
nounced, being the first sentence of the Declara-
tion of Independence, accompanied by a running
commentary upon the wickedness of African sla-
very. When the American people install an Ad-
ministration upon his idea, there will be very
little chance of its failure by a quarrel over the
spoils; for there will be none to administer; moie
likely an opportunity of " lashing southern men
into the Union,"as has been promised among the
interesting exercises of such an occasion.
Mr. Chairman, I think that i do not estimate
improperly the great volume of American senti-
ment. 1 have seen the political storm blowing
with fearful violence hefoie to-day. I have seen
the gentleman fiom Maine, and others of his pe-
culiar school, marshaling their hosts to the strug-
gle over these same issues, and 1 have seen them
fall back, beaten, discomfited, and overwhelmed.
They noverjail to claim everything; they seldom
win anything by their own unaided force. In the
elections which transpited last fall, they claim the
return of a large Republican strength; whereas, 1
understand the fact to be, that a large proportion
of the returns belong to the exertion of more con-
servative m<-n, and will come heie to represent
more conservative and practical principles than
those enunciated by the members from Maine and
Ohio. It will remain for the opening of the next
Congress, to determine the extent to which the
Republicanism of the gentlemen will exert a
power. I predict that it will never repeat the suc-
cess which once it achieved in this Hall, by rea-
son of the course pursued then by the Demo-
cratic lendms. I cannot bring myself to the be-
lief that the party to which the gentleman would
yield the lead of the Opposition, numbers more
ieal bUength to-day, than when it supported Mr.
Hale lor the Ptesidoney.
To exhibit this fact, no more is (vanning than
that the Americans and conservative men of the
free States, who do not intend to be led into an-
other sectional contest, and who do not desire to
l oil this stone ofSysiphus forever, shall take their
proper position, renew their devotion to princi-
ple;-; which demand adoption for the good of their
country, and refuse hereafter, calmly and stead-
ily, to fuse with any and every spceies of radi-
calism. The first thing to be done—the first step
to be taken—must be taken by the peopleat home.
They should meet in primary assemblies, confer
freely with ea-di other, sift and examine the pro-
posed bases for future action, select, each man
for himself, the principles of administration he is
willing to espouse, and then standby these to the
close. If a conservative national ticket can be
formed which will represent the ideas that suc-
ceeded m 18j0 m quieting the agitation of that
year, and which were so well icceivtd by the
whole country last year, because they were bulk
upon the same sound and national basis, then
, there will be room to hope for the lotnrn of this
I country, from its present awful condition, to an
era of well regulated prosperity; buton the basis
of the gentleman from Maine, and the Senator
from New Yoik, there is no reason to hope; and,
indeed, it is cieditable to the good sense of the
country that there is no room for hope.
Why, sir, is it not shocking to hear a sectional
contest for the Presidency deliberately planned
and proposed m this Hall? What must be the
hallucination which conceives that the American
people will, in cold blood, divide themselves by
a#sectional line upon a sectional question,having
nothing practical mits issue, and no foot of ground
in tile Republic on which an application can be
made of the result? It is a mere abstract dogma;
a dead and extinct dogma; a dogma that cannot
be reduced to practice in American statesmanship,
that these gentlemen advocate as the basis of or-
ganization. Suppose they were indulged, do they
ntft know that m fourteen, if not fifteen, States,
they could not find supporters enough to muster
an electoral ticket? Ah! they reply, what care
we for that. I know not what thty care; but I
ask my countrymen of the free States, if they
should not have a care and avoid the poising a
presidential contest upon such poin ta as will justly
alarm a whole section of the Confederacy for the
security of its rights and property? We hear
these gentlemen say they dp not intend to strike
at slavery in the States. "What, then, does the ra-
tionale of the argument of the Senator from New
York mean, when he tcaches that in this country
we must all be free or all be slaves? that we must
be reduced practically to a homogeneous basis,
and have but one system of labor? What should
the people of the slavcliolding States understand
by it, were their countrymen of the free States to
go to work deliberately to elect a President upon
a basis like that suggested by the Senator from
New York ? Sir, they could have but one under-
standing of its meaning. They would be forced
to the unwilling conclusion that superior num-
bers, greedy and avaricious of power, had en-
listed m a crusade against their constitutional
rights, and had determined upon an administra-
tion with a view to hold them, if not in absolute
duress, at least with the sword of Damocles sus-
pended over their heads. Thus forewarned, they
might not abide the torture of suspense, and they
might sever relations which no longer preserved
even a decent semblance of political equality.
It is because I feel an abiding assurance that
the masses of the people in the free States do not
desue to afford, by their action, any just ground
for alarm to their neighbors and countiymen,
and especially when they can effect no purpose
theieby, unless it be to exhibit a hostility that
can find no constitutional channel for expression,
that I announce my conviction here to-day, that
the new party which the gentleman from Maine
will be able to lead into the field under the ban-
ners of the Senator from New York, will not be
much, if any larger, or more respectable than the
old Abolition party, as it existed in 1852. Other
men will decide that the mission of the Republi-
can party ended with the Kansas imbroglio, and
that the vote on t^e Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment—the last and noblest act of its ca-
reer—pledged them to the principles of 1850, by
which, for the sake of the Union, they will here-
after steadily abide.
I was not much surprised, Mr. Chairman, to
hear the intimation from the member from Maine,
that'when, from any cause, Congress could not
conveniently apply the Wilmot proviso to the
organic act of a Territory, his party'would next
rely upon the territorial people to apply it them-
selves by territorial legislation. This is the easy
and natural gradation. This second mode of af-
fecting the rights of slaveholders in the Territories
is of Democratic origin. I remember that in the
canvass of 1856, I denounced this squatter sover-
eignty as being in all its practical bearings as hos-
tile to the fair enjoyment of the rights of the slave-
holder in the Territories as the Wilmot proviso.
I remember to have said, that if the Kansas-Ne-
, braska bill received such a construction as to
authorize this idea of " popular sovereignty "—
and it was this to which Mr. Buchanan pledged
himself when adopting the Cincinnati platform—
1 would not give " the toss of a copper " between
him, as the embodiment of this idea, and Mr.
Fiemont, as the embodiment of the idea of "con-
gressional sovereignty " applying the prohibition
through the Wilmot proviso.
This frank remark was repeated from Lexing-
ton to Louisiana, by the members of the Demo-
cratic party, as something perfectly heretical; and,
had 1 belonged to the Democratic church, I sup-
pose I should have been excommunicated with as
much facility, for such an objection, as the distin-
guished advocate of this idea of 45 popular sover-
eignty" has been, within die past year, for adher-
ing to the idea. After the presidential election, it
was confessed on that side of the House that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill did rec'eive two construc-
tions, differing at the North and South, but south-
