1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
addition, [" Order!" " Order!"] that I believe the
State of Massachusetts ["Order!"] ought to be
compelled to pay this amount. [Snoutsof " Or-
der!" and confusion.] That is all 1 have to say.
' The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair, ruling the amendment out of Order,
was sustained
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
in the tenth line by striking out "two" and in-
serting "one."
Mr. Chairman, the question has been asked,
why this amount, if due Massachusetts, has not
been paid long since? A Representative from that
State has assigned as the reason, that " political
prejudice" against that Commonwealth, as was
said in the Senate, has prevented it. Sir, 1 regret
#that any such prejudice should exist against any
sister in this Confederacy, and still more that there
should be any just cause for it; but, surely, if any
such prevailed* twenty years ago and more, the
public conduct of Massachusetts has done little
since to remove it.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not confining himself to his
amendment. I insist that he shall not .proceed
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will confine himself to hits amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to do so.
It is just what I am doing; and I think the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was mistaken in the
reason which he assigned why this claim had not
before been paid. The Congress of the United
Slates, as far back as 1830, passed an act appro-
piiating some $430,000 for the payment of the
claims of Massachusetts for the services of the
militia during the war of 1812, and designating
the classes of claims wluch should be paid. That
law limits th.ose claims'to th? following cases:
First, when the militia was called outin reasonable
numbers to repel actual or justly apprehended in-
vasion; second, when called out by the authority
of the State and afterwards recognized by the Fed-
eral Government; and thud, where called out by
and serving undera requisition of tlie President of
the United States or any olficor thereof.
it was said by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] that there was no law for this
appropriation. Hut heie is an express act of Con-
gress authorizing the auditing and settlement of
the claims.
Mr. iJUKFINTON. I think the gentleman is
mistaken. The act which has been read was to
provide for another class of claims.
Mr. GROW. I insist on my point of order.
Th us discussion is not relevant to the amendment
under consideration, which is to strike out "two,"
and insert "one."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
will wait until 1 have proceeded far enough to
show the pertinency of my remarks to the amend-
ment, ho will see that I am m order.
Mr. GROW. That will be, I suppose, at the
end of the gentleman's five minutes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And if the gentle-
man continues his interruptions, it will not be for
an hour to come. Now, sir, so far from political
prejudice against the State of Massachusetts de-
laying the payment of these claims, the true rea-
son why they have not been paid before is, that
the Slate failed to establish them under the usual
rules of evidence, applicable by the act of lti30.
For that reason, on th« 14th of May, 1836, a
joint resolution was passed, changing the rule of
evidence so as to admit such satisfactory proof as
Massachusetts might be able to produce in sup-
port of her claims. That joint resolution provided
that the Secretary of War should receive evidence
" without regard to existing rules and require-
ments,"and adjust the claims where the evidence,
of whatsoever sort, in his opinion, should justify
it. This appropriation is for the amount found due
subsequently; and has been delayed since, as
claims usually are in this House, and not for the
reason assigned—however much and however
justly—prejudice against Massachusetts for her
course in the war of 1812, and since. But she is
entitled to justice, and let her4iavc it.
Mr. DAWES. 1 oppose the amendment, and
ask for a vote upon it-
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Chairman, I wish to ex-
plain to the gentleman from Ohio. He is mis-
taken in reference to the position he has taken on !
ihis subject* The or gmai cfetim of Massachusetts, I
againstthe United States, amounted to over eight
hundred thousand dollars. It was submitted to
the investigation of the accounting officers of the
Treasury; and it was examined under very rigid
rules. An appropriation was made, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio says, for over four hundred
thousand dollars—not one half of the claim.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has that money
been paid ?
Mr. McRAE. Yes, sir; #438,748 26.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then political prej-
udice did not operate on that.
Mr. McRAE. Then the question*came before
Congress for the payment of the balance. Mr.
Poinsett, Secretary of War, reported that there
was a balance due to the State of Massachusetts.
Upon that report another payment was made to
the State of Massachusetts of |227,000. The
amount now proposed "to be paid has, for some
cause or other—1 do not know what—been with-
held. This amountstill remains unpaid. I make
this statement in answer to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not know whether
this payment has been delayed on account of po-
litical prejudice, or not. I stand in a position of
as much prejudice against the State of Massachu-
setts as any man in the Union, on account of the
relations which she sustains to the State of Missis-
sippi,and the southern States of this Union. But,
sir, while she is a State of this Union, and Mis-
sissippi is her sister State, and while I am a Rep-
resentative of the State of Mississippi, I will do
justice to Massachusetts, as I will do justice to
Mississippi. When the time comes, and the issue
is made between Mississippi and Massachusetts,
I will take my position for the rights and the
sovereignty of Mississippi. Then I will meet
Massachusetts, and I will fight her such a battle
as she fought upon Bunker Hill, during the Rev-
olution; and, sir, 1 have no doubt the sons of
Mississippi will rear for those who fall for her
rights such another monument. I have no preju-
dice against Massachusetts. I love her for her
great achievements in the arts, the sciences, and
in arms. 1 love her, as 1 love the remotest por-
tions of my country; and, sir, I could stand at
the base of that Bunker Hill monument,and look
upon it with as much pride as her own sons—see
the morning sun gild it with its Earliest rising,
and shine upon it with the departing beams of
day. I will do justice to all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 120, noes 3.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Add the following section :
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting oiheers ol the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized to settle the accounts* ot officers ot the Ai my for
issues of ionise ami oihei supplies of the quaiteima&tei's
dep.iMineut tor iii(> three companies of Kansas volunteers
called out l)> General Pei>uei Smith, m Kansas, in
I£56, under the autltouiy oi the War Department, by pass-
ing to their credit the amounts now charged against them
on the hooks ot the Tiea&ury on that account.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Add the loHowing section :
Sbc f>. And be it further cnactcd, That no more of the
out.-tanduig appropriations tor military purposes shall be
expended during the fUcal year herein provided tor, than
the amount which ma) be necessary to satisfy the liabilities
wluch have been created in the preceding fiscal year: Pro-
vided, That tin.- section shall not be considered as extend-
ing to appropnations lor fortifications.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Proi ided further, That the value of all improved infantry
arm- manufactured at the national armories,and issued, m
puisuance o| icqm>itions of their respective Governors, to
the States and Terrttoues, as a pait of their quota, under
the appropriation tot aiming and equipping the imhoa, <hall,
loi the present and ensuing fi-cal year, be chaiged against
the appiopnatiou lot arming and equipping the militia,'5
and paid to the ciedit of the appiopriation "lor the manu-
facture of ?rms nt thp national tfrmoTtes."
Mr. CRAWFORD. I raise a point of order:
that this amendment proposes general legislation.
It directs the Secretary of War to pursue a par-
ticular course in regard to^the expenditure of
money.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
point of order to be'well taken. The amendment
is not germane.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I would like to have the
law read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read two clauses: one, to the effect
that arms and military equipments procured for
the mihtia, either by purchase or manufacture,
shall be paid for each year, respectively, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated; the other, repealing all acts and parts of
acts authorizing the President of the United States
or the Secretary of the proper Department to
transfer any portion of the moneys appropriated,
for a particular purpose of expenditure in that
Department to be applied to another branch of
expenditure in said Department.
Mr. CHAFFEE. This is simply requiring the
Secretary of War to execute the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
The Seriate amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Add the following section :
Slc 6. And be it furlknr enrtctcd^ That the second sec-
tion of the act of 3d March, 1851, entitled " An act to found
a military asylum lor the rohet and support of invalid and
disabled soldiers of the Army of ihc Ufated States,'5 be so
amended as to reduce the number of commissioners au-
thorized by that section to three, and to consist of the Com-
missaiy General of Subsistence, the Surgeon General, and
the Adjutant General, (any two of whom shall be a quotum
for the transaction ol business,) whose duty it shall be to
examine and audit the accounts of the treasurer quarter-
yearly, and to vi^it and inspect the military asylum at least
oriee m every month.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Add the following section :
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the benefits of
said act he, and they are hereby, extended, so as to include
the invalid and disabled soldiers, whether regulars or vol-
unteers, of the wai of 1812, and of ail subsequent wars ; and
that so much of the act of 3d March, 1831, as is inconsistent
heiewith, bc; and the same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. TALBOT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And he it further enacted, That the sixth section of the
act ot 12th June, 1858, entitled '* An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army,'5 be so amended as to
authorize and direct the Secretary of War to •sell, on the
first Tuesday m September next, at public outcry, on the
premises, to the highest bidder, for cash in hand, all the
property at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, known as the Western
Military Af-yium pioperty, and convey the same to the pur-
chaser, the proceeds of said sale to be paid into the Treasury
of the United States. And all laws and parts of laws now
in force, prohibiting the sale of said property, be, and they
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a question of
order. There is nothing in the amendment of the
Senate to authorize the Secretary of War to sell
property. The amendment of the gentleman is
therefore not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
point of order to be well taken. The amendment
is out of order.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Add the folloiving section :
Sec. 8. A7id be it farther enacted, That all pensioners on
account of wounds or disability incurred m the military
service shall transferand surrender their pensions to the in-
stitution lor and duung the time they may remain therein
and voluntarily continue to receive its benefits.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Add the following section : *
Sec. 9. And belt father cnacted, That the deduction of
twenty five cents.per month, from the pay of the non-com-
missioned officers, musicians-, artificers, and privates in the
; Army shall be reduced, from and alter the 30th of June next,
j to twelve and a halt cents per mouth, and that the title of
i the act be. and the same is hereby, changed from the uMih-
j tary Asylum5' to that of " Soldier's Home And provided,
1 further, That all persons now m, or. that may hereafter be
1 admitted mto, the institution, shall be, and are hereby,
1 matte Subject to the rules rrrrd articles of war, and be
