1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
governed thereby in the same manner as soldiers in the
Ai my.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Add the following section :
Sro. iO Jirul he it jurther enacted^ That all the States
which have had, 01 shall have, refunded to them by the
United States moneys expended by such States for imhtaiy
purpos s during or nnee the war of 1812, with? Great Brit
am, which have nut already been allowed interest upon the
moneys so expended, slmll now be allowed intere.-t so far
as they have themselves paid, or lost it; said interest to be
computed by the proper aecoun ting officer-* ni the Treasury,
according to the provisions and pi inciples directed to im ap-
plied to the case of Maryland by the twelfth section of the
act of March 3, 1857, entitled '' An act making appropria-
tions for cei tain civil expends of the Government lor the
year ending 30th oi June, 18.")8;"and that all the States
which have been allowed interest upon claims agam>t the
United States, accruing'during or since said war of 1812,
shall be entitled to have their interest accounts reexamined
and restated by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, according to the provisions and principles of the twelfth
section of s-anl act of March 3d, 1857 ; and that those pro-
visions and principles shall govern the compulation of in-
terest m all ca>es in whic4i interest may heieuilei be al-
lowed to any of the States. Any money found to be due to
any State, as directed by this sec ion to be computed and
ascertained, shall be paid to such State, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Provided, that
in lieu of the payment of money the Seeietary of the Treas-
ury may, at hi.-* discretion, is-^ue to such States a stock bear-
ing an annual interest at the rate of five per centum per
annum, and redeemable at the end of ten years, or sooner,
at the pleasure of the President.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate, with the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word " enacted5' in the fir^t line,
down to the woid " States," in the twenty tin*d line, as
follows:
That nil the States which have had, or shall have, re-
funded to them hv the United States, moneys expended by
such States for military purposes, dui ing or since the war of
1812, with Great Britain, which have not already been al-
lowed interestupon the moneys so expended,shall now be
allowed interest, so tar as they have themselves paid or lost
it; said interest to be computed by tho proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, according to the provision-* and
principles directed to be applied to the case of Maryland
by the twelfth section of the act of .March 3, 1857, entitled
( An act making apptopriaiions lor certain civil expends
of the Government, for the year ending June 30, 1858;5 and
that all the States which have been allowed inteiest upon
claims aganwt the United States, acouing during oi since
said war of 1812, shall be entitled to have then interest ac-
counts r«:e\annned«and restated by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury, according to the provision^ and
piinciple* of the twelfth section of said act of Match 3",
1857; and that tbo«e provision- and piineiples -hall govern
the computation of interest in all case- in which inteiest
inav hereafter be allowed to any of the States."
And insert, m hen thereof, the following.
Th.it in ;tll appplications made b> the constituted au-
thorities. of Stales and cities for the leopemng and roe\am-
mation of settlements heietofore made with Mich States
land cities, wlicifon interest ha* been allowed by act-of
Congre-s, the rule of computing interest shall he the «ame
as was applied in the «.eitlenient between the United States
and the rotate of Mai\land. under the piovi-ion- of the
twelfth section of tho art entitled u An aer making appro
priatioii-* lot certain nvil exnen-e-. of the Government, tor
the year ending30ih June. 1858.'" appmved 3d March, 1857.
And" aftwr the wind '-State," when- it occurs in lines
twenM-lour and twentv five in-ert the words or city,"
and after the word 'k State-," in the twenty-eighth line, in-
sert the woids •• or cities."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to call
the attention of the committee to what is proposed
in the amendment of the Senate as well as in the
amendment which emanates from the Committee
of Way" and Means. This is a proposition to
reopen the settlements which were made by the
United States with the several Stales of the Union
for expenses incurred in the war of 1812. And
it is not only to reopen those accounts, hut, if you
establish this punciplc, you will have to go back
and open up the accounts of the fhuteen original
States of the Union for the settlement of then-
advances made m the war of the Revolution; for
the piinciple, if applicable to the one, is applica-
ble to the other. It is for this reason that I call
the attention of the committee to the magnitude
of these claims. At the last session of Congress,
the Senate placed upon an appropriation bill a
piovision for the resettlement of the accounts of
ihe Slates for advances made in the war of 1812.
The Committee of Ways and Means, at that time,
tefused to recommend a concurrence m that
amendment; but, for the purpose of obviating the
difficulty which they thought was upon them,
and havms: full data before Congress of the amount
Winch would be drawn fiom the Treasury, the
amendment of the Senate was modified so as to
call for a statement of the amount which v/euld
be paid, provided that the accounts of all the
States were settled in the manner which had been
determined on in the case of the State of Mary-
land. I have here a document in which it is re-
ported that there will be due to the States of
Maine, Virginia, Tennessee, Geoigia, South Car-
olina, Delaware, New York, Pennsylvania, and
the city of Baltimore, provided the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means shall be
adopted, the amount of $1,644,452 49. But the
amendment of the Senate goes even further than
that. It embraces not only those States which
have applied, but those States which have not
applied. Now, if you settle this principle by
your legislation on this bill, you must carry it
back to the war of the Revolution. I have here
the act of 1790, which prescribes the way in which
the settlement shall be made by the General Gov-
ernment, with the thirteen original States of this
Union, for expenses incurred in the war of the
Revolution. It is as follows:
" An act to provide more effectually for the settlement of
the account* between the United States and the individual
State*, approved Ausru>t1790 " * * * *
" Sec. ft. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the commis-
sioners shall debit each State with all advances which have
been, or may be, made to it fov the United States, and with
the interest theieon to the la-t day of the year 1789, and
shall credit each State for its disbursements and advances
on the principles contained in the thud section of this act,
with interest to the day aforesaid, and having struck the
balance due to each State, shall find the aggresateof all the
balances, winch aggregates shall be apportioned between
the States agreeably to the rule hereinalter given; and the
difteienee between such apportionments and the respective
balances, shall be carried,iu a new account to the debit or
credit of the States respectively, as the case may be."
This question was brought to the attention of
Congress in 1832. A bill was then reported by
a distinguished gentleman occupying the position
of chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
in the Senate, providing for the settlement of the
accounts of the States of this Union precisely in
the manner indicated in the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means. That bill re-
ceived the approval of both Houses o* Congress.
It was submitted to the then Executive of this
Union, and failed to receive his approval. And
at the next session of Congress he communicated
a message to the Senate, giving the reasons why
he withheld from that bill his approval. 1 refer
to the message of General Jackson of the 6th De-
cember, 1&32, returning to the Senate " An act
providing for the final settlement of the claims of
States, for interest on advances to the United States
made during the last war," with his objections
thereto—from which message I read the conclud-
ing paragraph:
'11 deem it proper, moreover, to observe that, both under
the act of the 5th August, 1790, and that of the 12th Feb-
j ruary, 17113. authorizing the settlement of the accounts be
. tween the United Stale* and the individual States, arising
out oi' ihe war of the Revolution, the interest on those
accounts was computed in conformity with the practice
already adverted to, and hom which the bill now returned
i? a departure."
If you adopt this amendment, you must, by a
parity of reasoning, go back and reopen the ac-
counts under the acts of 1790 and 1792.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DOWDELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I offered no
amendment. I spoke in opposition to the amend-
1 ment proposed by the Committee of Ways and
, Means.
! The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fromMis-
j souii was permitted to proceed without interrup-
tion. Hi'offered no amendment; but was explain-
| ing the amendment proposed by the Committee
1 of Ways and Means.
' Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. My friend from
; Geotgia, [Mr. Crawford,] my colleague on the
1 Committee of Ways and Means, has charge of
! the amendments of the Senate to this bill. I sup-
! posed thai he did not propose to speak to the
j amendment.
! Mr. CRAWFORD. I intended to sustain the
! amendment; but the floor was awarded to the
I gentleman from Missouri.
I Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope, then,
1 that, as a matter of justice, the gentleman from
i Georgia will be allowed to proceed now.
1 Mr. DOWDELL. I give way to the gentle-
I man from Georgia>
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri, if the amendment which he pro-
poses allows the amounts stated in the pamphlet
which has been laid upon our desks?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, I desire to state,
that I did not propose the amendment which waa
offered from the Committee of Ways and Means.
That was offered by my friend from Georgia. I
opposed both the amendment of the Senate and
that reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know from the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether he quoted, in his
remarks, from the pamphlet upon this subject
which has been laid upon the desks of members ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 did quote from
that pamphlet to show the amount which would
be involved in the amendment proposed by thd"
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The amendment of the
Senate was considered by the Committee of
Ways and Means; and, according to the con-
struction put upon it by them,it provides for giv-
ing interest to all the States which have not re-
ceived interest heretofore, as well as those who
have received it under a different system of com-
putation. That did not meet the approbation of
the committee. They were willing, however, that
a uniform rule of interest should be adopted in
respect to the mode of computing interest, for all
the States to which interest has been paid. They
therefore directed me to report the amendment
which has been offered; and they desire that it
shall pass the House. It is simply this: it pro-
vides that, whenever settlements nave been made
with any of the States, allowing them interest,
the rate of interest shall be computed according
to what is now the law. The difference between
this amendment and that of the Senate, is simply
this: the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means only provides what shall be the mode
of computing interest in the settlements which
have been made with the different States; and that
if it shall be found, on reopening these accounts,
that, by the proper mode of computing interest,
anything is still due such States, we appropriate
the money to pay such difference; and according
to the estimate which has beefl furnished us, that
difference, in the aggregate, will amount to about
one million six hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia whether the effect of the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means would not be to open up all the old revo-
lutionary claims of the States ? *
Mr. CRAWFORD. Not at all. It srmpiy
provides that, where interest has been paid, the
amount paid as interest shall be made to conform
with that due under the legal mode of computing
interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the House
proposes to adopt any provision at all upon this
subject, I hope they will adopt the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is before
the^Committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman proposes
to make any remarks, he must move an amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well, sir;
I move to amend the amendment of the Senate by
striking out the fourth line, i was proceeding to
say, that if the House is to take any action on
this subject, I hope it will adopt the amendment
of the Senate; which amendment provides, in ad-
dition to what is contained in the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means:
" That all the States which have had or s hall have re-
funded to them by the United States moneys expended by
such States for mifitarv purposes, during or since the war
of 1812 with Great Britain, which have not already been
allowed interest upon the moneys so expended, shall now
he allowed interest so far as they have themselves paid, or
lost it; said interest fo be computed by the proper account-
ing officers of the Trcasuiy, according to the ptovi-,ion^ and
principles directed to be applied to the ca*eof Maryland by
S the twelfth section of the act of March 3,1857, entitled 'An
act making appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government tor the year ending 3«)th of June, 185S.'"
Now, sir, the operation of the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, if adopted,
would be to cut off a number of States upon jybose
just and recognized claims the principal has been
paid; but to whom no interest has been paid. Un-
der the amendment of the Committee of Ways
