466-
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 19,
jaws of one beast, only to deliver me to another
still more voracious. I would rather trust my
fate to a regular tribunal than to a mob. I would
as lief die under the despotism of a tyrant, as
under,the heels of an anarchial multitude. I pre-
fer tp follow Clay and Webster and Fillmore,
and to find my views sustained even by obiter
dicta, and extrajudicial opinions from so august i
a tribunal as the Supreme Court of the United;
States. Mine is the safer path to follow. Twice, j
a resort to the principles I profess has calmed the I
stortn. tinder this breakwater, our good old ship j
of State lies at her moorings safely and snugly; ■
under any other management, she is exposed to i
the beatings of the billows, and her glorious old |
timbers creak from bowsprit to taffrail. Give us
peace, Mr. Chairman; give us harmony; and give
us the Union as our forefathers transmitted it. We
know how to secure all of these blessings to our-
selves and our posterity. If we are so mad in
the race of partisan politics and sectional preju-
dices as to throw them away, the impartial pen
of history will record of our country and our-
selves that the prize of priceless value to mankind
was lost by degenerate sons of noble sires.
But, let me address one other observation or
two to gentlemen in all sections of the Union,
before I take my seat. Have American politics
dwindled to this little measure, that they present
nothing else worthy of consideration except sla-
very and points touching slavery? That question
has absorbed our attention for nearly a quarter of
a ceutury; and let mc ask, in all kindness, what
good result has been accomplished by it? Are
wo more philanthropic than were the men who
preceded us ? -Have we stricken the shackles from
a single glave? Has we reformed the views of
the people anywhere? Has either section of the
Union won any trophy, of the slightest value, out
of this protracted contest?
Ah! Mr. Chairman, look upon our country!
Blessed with an extent of soil equal to the area of j
all Europe, of unsurpassed fertility, ofutiequaled
salubrity, tilled by a hardy yeomanry, and an in-
telligent gentry whose energies are daily applied
with skill and industry; with a mechanical class,
whose hardy arms and inventive brains have
pressed us forward in the great vace of improve-
ment to a point beyond which wo have none ahead
of us; with a commercial class inferior to that of
no other country for tact, vigilance, punctuality,
and powers of combination; with a navigating
class who ride the ocean with a daring, and who
keep ward over their trusts with a fidelity that
knows no fear nor self-indulgence, why are we
in our present condition? Look at the homes and
faces of our people: they are happy, sir; yes,
they are happy, and they are yet in the enjoyment
of individual immunity from the misery which
hangs upon us, as a people, like the pall of night.
Our revenues are exhausted; our commerce lan-
guishes; our industry is discouraged; our debt
has accumulated, and is accumulating; foreign
Powers environ us by unfriendly policies; extrav-
agance marks the path of our administrative ca-
reer; our flag droops; the flame at our Araerican
altars flickers in the socket. I make no reproaches.
God knows, and we all know, where the fault is.
The people know it, and they should demand a
change of policy. All I ask of my countrymen
is this: Have we not eiiougli to inspire men of
patriotic feeling in all parties to a united effort
upon some national and patriotic basis ?
Mr. SCOTT obtained the floor.
Mr. GOODE. With the consent of the gentle-
man from California, I desire to ask the permis-
sion of the committeo to publish a speech on the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands.
X-will not trouble the committee to listen to a
speech upon such a subject if they will give ms
consent to publish it.
No objection being made, permission was ac-
cordingly given.
PROCEEDS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GOODE. The public domain is so ex-
tensive, its intrinsic value is so great, its conjec-
tural value is so much exaggerated, that it natu-
rally attracts attention. Very naturally, too, it
enters into political discussion, and becomes an
element of party contest. The Opposition party,
in traversing the general policy of Government,
object to the mode of disposing of* the public
lands, and of administering the land fund, in
the hope of impressing the public mind with a
necessity for a Change of Administration to re-
sult in their own elevation; whilst the malcon-
tent Democrat, and impatient aspirant for public
honors and official emolument will adopt views
and advocate opinions calculated to secure the
votes of the Opposition, to be added to a frag-
ment of the Democratic party, thus to form a
majority and defeat the regular candidate of the
Democratic party, overthrow its policy, and con-
quer Democracy by the strength of the Demo-
cracy. *
Few subjects afford topics better suited to pop-
ular declamation, and all the selfish uses of the
demagogue; and accordingly, for long, long years,
it has occupied a conspicuous position in the po-
litical arena. In 1832, it was brought forward by
Mr. Clay as an issue in the presidential canvass
between himself and Andrew Jackson. It was
presented in the phase of a plan for the distribu-
tion among the States of the proceeds of the sale
of the public lands. It was addressed directly to
the principle of avarice, and to the hungry cupid-
ity of indebtedness, and urged with all the force
of consummate ability and eloquence. Mr. Clay
\vas defeated; his plan for distribution was con-
demned by the judgment of the American people,
and Andrew Jackson was reelected to the Presi-
dency. From that time to the present day, it has
been made to challenge the attention, and court
the favor of the public, with occasional, though
casual, and slight success; it has been generally
and steadily condemned by the matured judgment
of the country.
During the year 1858, it was made an issue and
a test in the gubernatorial election in the State of
North Carolina. A Democrat, learned, accom-
plished, and eloquent, espoused the doctiine of
distribution, and declared himself a candidate
against the regular nominee of the Democratic
party. Every nerve was strained to elect hiro;
all was done which could be achieved by him and
his friends, together with the entire conglomer-
ated Opposition party. It was'all " love's labor
lost." He was defeated by an overwhelming
majority of more than fifteen thousand votes.
At the last election it was made an issue in the
district which has honored me as its Representa-
tive. I was returned by a large majority; but it
is probable the issue will be renewed. Circum-
stances have thus induced me to bestow some
attention on the subject; and I propose now to
submit the result of my investigations.
After full examination and deliberate reflection,
I have reached the conclusion that Congress has
no constitutional authority to distribute among
the States the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands. And if invested with such authority, it
would be unwise, unjust, and impolitic to do so.
I shall consider it first as a constitutional ques-
tion.
The powers of Congress are derived through
the Constitution of the United States. Congress
has no power which is not derived through that
instrument.
Congress has the same power over all money
brought into the Treasury, under the constitu-
tional action of Government. Its power over all
is identical. No discrimination is drawn between
the different sources of revenue. Its power over
money drawn from the sales of the public lands,
is identical with that over money drawn from
taxes. It may appropriate either, or both, to
constitutional objects. It cannot rightfully appro-
priate either to any object not contemplated by the
constitution. If it can appropriate to the uses of
the individual States the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, it may also appropriate to the
same uses any money derived from taxes.
The Constitution provides that—
<c Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide tor
the common defense and general welfare of the United
States; but all duties, imposts, and excises, shall be uniform
throughout the United States."
This clause invests Congress with power to
raise money by the exercise of the taxing power;
but for specific objects only, namely, to j5ay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States. Itcannotraise
money by taxes for any other objects than these.
It cannot constitutionally appropriate money
raised by taxes to objects in which only a single
State has a special and particular interest. But
if it caonot appropriate to such an object money
which is raised by taxes, neither can it appro-""
priate to such an object money which is derived
from the sales of the public lands; because thereT
is no clause in the Constitution whi'ch discrimi-
nates between moneys drawn from these different
sources.
Latitudinarians have insisted that the words>
" to pay the debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the*United States"
themselves convey substantive grants of power;*
but history proves that the clause, as adopted by
the Federal convention, was, "for payment of
the debts and necessary expenses of the United
States." In this form it was referred to a commit-
tee of revisal, who, to improve the style, adopted
the present form of expression, " to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States." (See Elliot's De-
bates, volume 1, page 287.) This truth, supported
by the fact that the words " common "and "gen-
eral" were adopted from the old Articles of Con-
federation , and had received a legislative construc-
tion, in which they were acknowledged to be a
limitation on the powers of Congress, fully jus-
tifies the construction of the Democratic State-
rights party; that they are placed in the Constitu-
tion as a limitation on the powers of the present
Government. This limitation restraining the ac-
tion of Congress to objects of a general character,
in which the States have a common interest,
leaves the advocates of distribution without a
plausible argument to support the doctrine that
Congress may appropriate money derived fiom
taxes to a separate State, to accomplish objects
in which such State alone has a special or par-
ticular interest.
But if Congress have no right to distribute
money diawn from taxes, and there be no dis-
cnniiiMtion between different sources ofrevenue,
it follows that Congress have no power to distrib-
ute among the separate States the proceeds of the
sale of the public lands. Indeed, if the reading
of the Constitution maintained by the Jatitudina-
rians were correct, and if it were true that the
clause to " pay the debts and provide for the-com-
i nion defense and general welfare of the United
1 States," conveyed substantive grants of power,it
could not be snown in fairness <of language and
just construction that to distribute money to a
separate State, to be expended on the'objects of
that State in which she alone felt a special and
particular interest, was a constitutional expendi-
ture of public money,'intended " to provide for
the common defense and general welfare of the
United States." Special and particular being, in
the very nature of things, essentially different
from common and genertl.
The authority for distribution has been claimed
under the clause which declares that—
t£ Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property of the United States."
It is said that the authority here is plenary,
and limited only by the discretion of Congress.
But such a construction would make the Federal
Government an absolute despotism.
This clause invests Congress with the same
power over the territory as over other property
belonging to the United State3, and no more. If
its authority over the territory be limited only by
the discretion of Congress, the same will be true
as to all other property belonging to the United
States. If it may sell the territory and give away
the proceeds, it may sell any other property and
give away the proceeds; it may sell the Capitol
at Washington, and all the magnificent public
grounds and buildings; it may sell the navy-
yards, forts, fortifications, ships-of-war, muni-
tions of war, or any other property belonging to
the United States, and generously and graciously
give away the proceeds to grateful mendicants!
This proceeding would create a necessity for
other public buildings, ships-of-war, forts, forti-
fications, &e., to be supplied by an exercise of
the taxing power, which process might be re-
peated until all the property of all the people of
all the States should pass under the tyranny of
Federal despotism.
But cautious and matured statesmen will reject
so dangerous a construction of the Constitution,
and determine that the authority granted in this
clause, like the powers granted in every other
clause, are subject to the general limitations of
