1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
and Means, the amounts paid to the several States
would be about as follows:
jVtajne $21,223 92 South Carolina.. $202,230 00
Virginia.'  2,463 b5 Virginia 1,076,683 35
Tennessee  3,41J 78 Delaware  18,540-97
fceorsia.    30,831 25 New York   48,896 21
5 Pennsylvania... 218,507 71
55,930 80 Baltimore * 23,662 55-
1,588,520 69
55,930 80
81,644,452 49
I submit that because a State, having an account
of which the principal has been paid by the General
Government, has failed to receive any interest at all
upon the account, is a very poor reason why it
should be excluded from the benefit of this provis-
ion ; when other States, which have already re-
ceived interest upon precisely similar accounts,
though computed by a different rule than what
is understood to be the correct one, are included.
It is most manifest injustice. If we are to reopen
these accounts at all, let us. do equal justice to all
the States. To some of the States which made
advances to the General Government in the war
of 1812, the principal has-been refunded, and in-
terest computed, as is agreed on all hands, upon
erroneous principles. When these States came
before the Senate and asked theft there should
be provision made authorizing and directing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to reexamine
their claims, and allow and pay the interest to
which they were justly entitled, it was said by
the Senate: this is obviously right and just; but,
in so doing, it is equally just and equitable that
provision should be made for paying interest to
those States, also, which made advances in the
the same war, for the same purposes, wider the same
authority, imd, in all respects, under similar cir-
cumstances, but who had never received interest:
that, indeed, there was greater reason for paying
to the Slates which had received no interest, than
in recomputing it for those that had been paid in
part; that it would be most unreasonable, while
paying to the uttermost a portion of the States,
to refuse to pay at all to others. Sir, the Senate
amendment only provides for paying the honest
debts of the Government,and using nil theStntes
alike. It is> founded in unquestionable equity and
justice, and ought to pass.
Mi. JONRS, of Tennessee. At the close of
the first session of the Twenty-Second Congress,
in 183)2, a lull passed the Congress of the United
States similar to this piovision. Jt was sent to
General Jackson, then President of the United
SMies, for his consideration, lie returned the
bill at the commencement of the next session of
Congiesa to the Senate, where it originated, with
his reasons for withholding his approval, and
why it should not become a law. The reasons
then sent to tho Senate are comprised in a short
message, and I will adopt them us my own, and
ask th.U they tnav be read as a part of my speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate of the (Suited Stales:
I u\ iuI m\ .-clt' of tin - eaily oppoi mmfy to return to the
Semite, iu \\ hu'li il onym.ued. the lull entitled '-An net pio-
viduit; loi tin: linal M'lih'ineiu <>t tin; ol.iuits of Sink's loi
niteiot on aiivuiK-'^ io the United Suites, m.idc dm mif ihe
la*t waiu nit ihe reasons whieh induced me to withhold
my uppiotMtiou, in cuiihL'nuunte u! winch it ii.is tailed to
beeome ;v law.
TIih hill was pic-ented to rue lor my Mgnatuie on the
I;e-t d;u ol \ oui M'vimi, and w hen I wa  compel led to'con-
sidei avain'U ot othet lull-of in eater utyenej to the public
M_'!Viee. It obviously embi.ieed a prmc mh; in the allow
mice ot mteic-t ditieient hotn that winch had been emo-
tioned hv tin: put tier ol' the .iLeoinitiuu otlkci^. oi bv ihe
previous leqi-lntion of ('on;;;e^ m rep,ltd in advances by
ihe States., and wuhuut any apparent ground's lor the
change.
l'[cvious>I> to pivinj my sanction to to great an exten-
sion of'the piaetiecot allowing inteifst upon accounts wnJi
the Goveinmcnt, and which, in it-, consequences,and from
an lojry, might not on)} eai: (or huge payments, fiom the
Tita-uiy, but dMuib the gieat hum ol individual neeounts
long Mnee hnali} settled, 1 deemed it my duty to make u
more thoiough inve-ngamm ot the Mibjeci than it was pos-
mI>I  ior me to do piovum-.lv to the <mom,' of the la^t MJs^ion.
1 adopted tins eoui-e the more readily, trom the consider
turn that as the Lull contained no appropuation, the States
which would have been entitled to claim the benefits could
not have received them without the luller legislation ot
Coimrcf-s.
The principle which this bill authorizes, vanes not only
fiom the piactice uniformly adopted by many of the ac-
counting officers in the case of mdi\ idual accounts, and in
tho-e dt'the State- finally settled and closed previously to
joui ia>t session, but also fiom that pursued under the act
or<#our la-t bes— urn tor the adjustment and settlement of the
claims of the State of South Carolina. Tins last act pre-
scribed no particular mode for the allowance of interest,
which, therefore, in conformity with the directions of Con-
press in previous cases, and with the uniform practice of
the Auditor by whom the account was settled, was com-
puted on the sums expended by the State of South Carolina
for the use and benefit of the United States, and which had
been repaid to the State, and the payments m'ade by the
United States were deducted from the principal sums, ex-
clusive of the interest-; thereby stopping futuie interest on
so much of the principal as had been reimbursed by the pay-
ment.
I deem it proper, moreover, to observe, that both under
the act of the 5th of August, 1790, and that of the 12th of
February, 1793, authorizing the settlement of the accounts
between the United States and the individual States, arising
out of the war of the Revolution, the interest on these
accounts was computed in conformity with the practice
already adverted to, and from which the bill now returned
is a departuie.
With these reasons and considerations, I return the bill
to the Senate. ANDREW JACKSON.
December 6,1832.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
the principle here is diree'ly the same. That great
man said it was wrong then, and if it was wrong
then it is wrong now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert after the
word " States," the words " or cities."
Mr. Chairman, I wish to make a statement in
reference to the amendment of the Senate, since
it relates to a subject which, at tho last session of
Congress, came before the Committee of Claims,
of which I' was a member, upon the application
of the State of South Carolina to have her account
investigated at the Treasury and her interest re-
adjusted. It is known as a general rule that the
Government never pays interest; but to this rule
there arc some exceptions. One exception is the
case of a State which for military purposes has
advanced money for the Government, in the pay-
ment of troops, for which the State was pledged
to pay interest, or paid it out of a fund bearing
interest. In such eases the Government has done
no more than to repay the interest which was
paid by the State. I might cite the cases of sev-
eral States which have been so treated in former
legislation. Theyaienot numerous.
The question is, then, if the Government un-
dertakes to pay intorest, upon what principle shall
that interest be computed ? I suppose that every
gentleman here knows that, from an early period
in the history of the Supreme Court of the United
States down to the present time, the rule, under
its decisions—and the same rule, ] believe, per-
vades the entire jurisprudence of the country—for
computing interest upon a debt, where partial
payments have been made, is to compute inter-
est upon the principal up to the time of the
fiist payment which .exceeds the interest then
due; to deduct that excess from ihe principal,
and so on, from time to time, with as many
payments as may have been made up to the time
of adjustment. The Department, m settling the
account with South Carolina, Virginia, and Ten-
nessee;, has adopted what is called the commer-
cial principle, which obtains between merchant
and merchant in the settlement of mutual ac-
counts, where interest is computed on both sides
of the account, each party being regarded as a
j debtor, and each item a debt. I owe you and
! you me, and we pay interest to each other on the
: respective items in the account; but where I owe
i you a debt, and am merely paying that debt from
time to time, the payments I make are not debts
| against you, and do not draw interest, and by a
| well-settled rule of law, as I make a payment
] upon a debt I owe you it extinguishes interest
I up to that time, and the balance is employed to
! exhaust the principal. That is a familiar prin-
! ciple of law, in settling interest accounts; and the
: object of the Senate amendment is merely to adopt
j that principle in settling interest accounts between
j the Government and the several States that have
i been allowed interest by former legislation. It is
j the same principle that was recognized at the last
: Congress, by an act which was passed for settling
; the interest account with the State of Maryland,
j This i^ merely to extend the same principle to
!i the several other States which have been allowed
j| interest. It was considered by the Committee of
,! Claims, which committee had before it the caseof
II South Carolina, that this legislation was merely
| just. It was presented to the House at the last
session and put upon the civil appropriation bill.
J The Secretary of the Treasury was requested to
report the amount coming to the several States
and cities by settling the interest account on that
basis. I think that the principle of the amend-
ment is correct and ought to be adopted.
As to the difference between the Senate amend-
ment and the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I will not make a point upon
it at present. It is the principle involved to which
I confine myself. This, I think, is right.
Mr. GOOCH. No man, sir, will question the
correctness of the rule for the computation of in-
terest laid down in the Mary4and case ; but I am
at a loss to see on what principle it is that the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
oppose the amendment of the Senate, and move,
in lieu of it, the amendment which they have
offered.
If I understand the amendment of the Senate,
it provides that, in all cases where it has been
agreed that at agiven time a certain sum of money
was due from the General Government to one of
the States for moneys expended for a given pur-
pose, that in all such cases this rule shall come in
and apply, and the States-shall receive interest,
so far as they have paid or lost interest on the
sums expended for the United States; it puts all
the States having claims against the Government
for moneys expended upon the same footing, and
that seems to me to be exactly where they should
stand. If we give interest to one we should give
interest to another, where the claim is the same.
Do not make fish of one and flesh of another.,
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means provides only
for those cases in which Congress has decided
that interest should be allowed.
Mr. GOOCH. It is true that, in certain in-
stances where bills have passed, a provision has
been inserted giving intecest; but it is also true
that many other bills have passed for precisely
similar claims, where no interest has been given.
If it is right that interest should be given m one
case, it is right that it should be given in all cases.
And, now that we have the subject-matter under
consideration, and are passing .upon it, let us make
a general rule, one that will work exact justico
to all the parlies interested. That is precisely
what the amendment ofthc Senate does; and the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means
provides that those who have already hjxd their
principal, and the greater part of their interest,
shall have the remainder of their interest.
I can see no reason for the distinction. If we
are to pass upon this matter at all, let us make a
rule that will apply to all parties whose claims
are similar; and if we cannot agree to the amend-
ment of the Senate, I hope the matter will be left
precisely where it is, until, on some future occa-'
sion, we can take it up, not in an appropriation
bill, but in some other manner, and make a gen-
eral provision, which shall embrace all cases that
ought to be provided for.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 move to amend the
amendment by nisei ting, after the words " Great
Britain," in the fifth line, the words " and the
war of the Revolution." lain opposed to this
whole amendment, but if it is to be adopted, we
might just as well readjust, on a new basis, the
interest accounts for advances in the war of the
Revolution, settled m 1790 and 1792. General
Jackson stated, in his veto message of this pre-
cise measure, in 1&32, that those interest accounts
of the revolutionary claims weie settled upon the
plan which, by the present amendment, is now
proposed to be readjusted and reexamined; and
upon what ground? Simply because another
State has received more interest than other States
received in their subsequent settlements. Now,
does not the same principle of equity apply to the
readjustment of revolutionary claims as to the
claims growing out of the war of 1812? Unques-
tionably, justice and equality would seem to re-
quire that all claims for advances, both in the
tevolutionary war, as well as that of 1812, should
be put on the same basis. If the latter are to be
readjusted, afteu a lapse of a quarter of a century,
for an alleged mistake m the njode of the calcu-
lation of interest, why should not the same equity
include all the revolutionary claims, the interest
of which was calculated in the same mannerr
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this whole
proceeding, I confidently insist that thereought
