1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
the instrument; and that whilst Congress may
dispose of the territory or other property belong-
ing to the United States, the*proceeds must be
applied to objects contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, in providing for " the common defense and
general welfare of the United States.''
An argument has been drawn from the deeds
of cession, conveying from the several States to
the United States their unappropriated lands. It
has been urged that, according to the terms of
those deeds, the lands were pledged first to the
payment of the debt of the Revolution, then to be
field in trust for the benefit of the separate States.
It is obvious that, if such a trust were created, it
must have been by express provision of the deeds;
because there are States now members of the
" Federal alliance between the States," and now
regarded as beneficiaries by the argument, which
were then not in being, and could not have been
parties to the instruments. By consequence, they
can claim nothing under them which was not ex-
pressed on the face of the instruments. If the
deeds were susceptible of a construction support-
ing a resulting trust, resting on implication, such
resulting trust must inure to the exclusive bene-
fit of the grantors, and would not vest an interest
in such States as were not parties to the transac-
tion. Instead of justifying the distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of public lands among all
the States of the Confederacy, it would establish
an exclusive right in the States which ceded the
lands.
But the deeds of cession will be searched in vain
for any clause to support such a trust. No clause
can be adduced even pledging the lands spe-
cially for the payment of the debt of the Revolu-
tion, but generally for all debts of Government;
and if such clause could be produced, a fair state-
ment of the proceeds of the land sales would prove
that it has not extinguished that debt. Nor can
any clause be produced, creating a remainder or
reversionary interest, cither for the benefit of all
the separate States, or for the benefit of the grant-
ors. On the contrary, these grantors did " cede,
transfer, and forever relinquish," to the United
States, "the right, title,interest,jurisdiction, and
claim," which they held in the lands conveyed,
il to be held and considered as a common fund for
the use and benefit of such of the United States
as have become or shall become members of the
confederation or Fedeial alliance of said States,
Virginia inclusive, according to their usual re-
spective proportions in the general charge and ex-
penditure; and shall be faithfully and bona fide
disposed of for that purpose, and for no other use
or purpose whatsoever."
Here is an express stipulation on the face of
the deed that the land money shall be held as a
common fund to defray the general chaige and
expenditure, and that it shall be applied to no
other use or purpose whatsoever. It is to be re-
membered that the deeds of cession were made
befoie the adoption of the Constitution, when
the Government was admimsteied by the Conti-
nental Congress, under the Articles of Confedera-
tion. At that time the expenses of Government
were borne by quotas paid by the several States
into the general Treasury. When Congiess had
occasion for money, they determined the amount
necessary to be raised, and apportioned it among
the several States, according to a rule established
in the Articles of Confederation, and requiied each
State to pay its quota of this general charge. The
deeds of cession provide that the laud money shall
be kept as a common fund, to be applied in aid
of th/' States in defraying this general charge con-
stituting the expcndituies of the Federal Govern-
ment, relieving the people from paying taxes to
meet the quota of the State in defraying this gen-
eral chaige of the General Government.
it was found in practice that the system of
quotas was too uncertain a suuice of icvenue to
be relied on for the maintenance of a stable form of
Government; and this, perhaps, more than any
other cause, led to the overthrow of the Confed-
eration and the adoption of the Constitution—
in vesting Congress with power to levy and collect
taxes, duties, imports, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States. Leaving
the land money where it was, pledged as a com-
mon fund to aid in defraying the general charge
and expenditure of the Federal Government, and
thus relieving the people of the States to that ex-
tent from paying the tax necessary to supply the
wants and defray the general charge of adminis-
tering the Federal Government, making no dis-
tinction between the land fund and money drawn
from taxes.
if the deeds of cession be open to a construc-
tion creating a remainder in favor of the States
not parties to the instruments, but which have
come into being and been admitted into the alli-
ance of States since the dates of the instruments,
it is respectfully submitted they would be open
to such construction through all time, creating a
similar hen in favor of all such States as shall be
created in centuries, formed from the very lands
which shall have been divided in kind or by sale,
and admitted into the Union. And it will devolve
on the Federal Government to provide a fund to
pay to each State hereafter admitted a sum pro-
portionate to the amount which shall have been
paid to the States constituting the present Con-
federacy, and which shall be the recipients of any
present distribution.
In reasoning deduced from the phraseology of
an instrument, it is legitimate to refer to the mo-
tives of the parties. This is a mode of construc-
tion universally established. Language is a mu-
nificent endowment to enable man to express the
thought or announce the will. Eveiy rule of con-
struction is designed to reach the true intent and
meaning of the instrument. In the interpretation
of written language, it were folly to reject the light
which is shed by the known or even probable
motive of the writer.
In the absence of an express declaration, it
would be difficult to doubt the object which ac-
tuated the parties to the deeds of cession; and >
that object was to provide a fund to relieve the
necessities of the Continental Congress, and sup-
port the Union.
The parlies to the deeds of cession were the
United States, associated under the Article? of
Confederation administered by the Continental
Congress, by wlrnm the war of the Revolution
had been conducted, and its overwhelming pecu-
niary responsibilities had been contracted. Hope-
lessly involved in debt; harassed by perpetual,
impoitunate demands of its creditors; without
money or resources; without credit; dependent
on reluctant contributions fiom the several States
for the means indispensably necessary to meet the
daily current expenses of Government, this party
sought most earnestly to establish a fund to meet
these engagements otxthe Federal Union. For
this purpose, and under such circumstances, they
made application to the several States to convey
to the United States their unoccupied, unappropri-
ated western lands.
The several States owning such lands were the
other party to the deeds ofcession; and, in response
to such application made by the United Stales, and
under such ciicumstances, they did convey to the
United States their unappropriated lands. Can
the object bo matter of doubt? Each State had a
strong motive and a strong interest in maintain-
ing the Fedeial Union. The aggregated strength
of all was essential to the safety of each, and the
protection of all against aggressions from abroad.
The bond of union was important to repress do-
mestic dissension and intestine feuds; whilst it
was reasonably expected that the great interests
of foreign commerce would be most advantage-
ously arranged by the common councils of the
Union. To secure these objects, the land States
had a motive to convey their unappropriated
lands to the United States, to provide a fund to
relieve the pressing necessities of the Continental
Congress, and insure the continuance of the
Union; and, accoidmgly, m the principal deed of
cession, it is expressly declared that the grant was
made for the common benefit and support of the
Union.
Itia submitted that this clause excludes the con-
clusion that the lands should be distributed among
the separate Slates. What motive had Virginia
to grant her lands to promote the sevei al interests
of the individual States r Considered as separate,
independent, sovereign communities, unconnect-
ed by the bond of Union, the States were to each
other objects of jealousy and apprehension. The \
reciprocal jealousy and hostility of neighboring '
nations, have been evinced through all history.
England and France are distinguished examples of j
national antipathy. Rome and Carthage, though !
separated by the Mediterranean, yet existed in
sufficient proximity to engender reciprocal^ im-
mortal hate. Athens, Sparta, Corinth, and the
seveial republics of ancient Greece, though united
by the Achajan League into an alliance offensive
and defensive, as related to foreign Powers, yet
indulged in implacable intestine feuds, often ex-
piated by flagrant war.
This spirit of jealousy is known to have existed
among the communities which composed the ori-
ginal American Confederacy, not to an extent to
prevent a hearty cooperation in the war of the Rev-
olution, but it was developed, acknowledged, and
proclaimed im mediately on the achievement o,f our
national independence. It was the cause with some
for withholding constitutional quotas of money;
it embairassed the action of the Continental Con-
gress-jitimpeded and imperiled the adoption of the
present Constitution of the United States. By sev-
eral of the States it was openly professed against
Virginia herself, in connection with the very ques-
tion ofherunappropriated !ands;and itcan hardly
be supposed that even Virginia could become so
sublimated with magnanimity, or so steeped in
folly, as to convey her lands for the separate ad-
vantage of her rivals, to augment their strength
and power, which might be perverted to her own
desti uction ! Such an inference were absurd, and
we are forced to the conclusion that she intend-
ed to do what she expressly declared she in-
tended—to make the cession for the " support of
the Union."
These remarks are applicable to each State
which made a deed ofcession to theUnited States;
and it is thus shown that all the parties to the
transaction contemplated the benefit and support
of the Union, which excludes the idea of a distri-
bution among the States, either of the lahds or of
the proceeds of the sale of the lands. If itbe true
that the Constitution makes no distinction between
moneys in the Treasury, whether derived from
taxes or the sale of lands, any distribution of the
land money to the several States is a virtual ap~
propnation of money derived from taxes.
The constitutional objects of the General Gov-
ernment demand the annual application of agiven
amount of money, to be drawn from the common
Treasury. That common Treasury should be
supplied with the meansof defraying the expense
of a fair and economical administration. The
supply in the Treasury should not exceed that
amount, or any excess should be small. If the
Government derive money from several sources,
as, for example, from the sale of lands and duties
on imports, the aggregate sum should not much
exceed the necessities of Government. Any large
excess is an unjust burden on the tax-payer, and
an arbitrary confiscation..of the property of the
citizen. If any part of this necessary supply be
wasteful'.y squandered, or applied to objects not
contemplated by the Constitution, a correspond-
ing deficiency necessarily results, and the tax-
payer is compelled to pay a corresponding sum to
supply (hat deficiency. ..
The whole amount of money flowing into the
Treasury, both from the sale of lands and duties
on imports, should equal the wants of an eco-
nomical Administration. If such part of the money
as is derived from the sale of lands be withdrawn
fiom the Treasury, and distributed among the
States, it would follow that the whole amount ne-
cls.-mi y to an economical administration must be
derived from duties on imports, which are taxes.
Now, if the land money be d'stributed with a
knowledge of the fact that it must create a defici-
ency m the Treasury, to be supplied by duties on
imports, it is equivalent to a distribution of money
deuveil from taxes. It should, therefore, be re-
tamed in the Treasury; and if an excess of reve-
nue accumulate, let the taxes be reduced, let the
duties on imports be diminished until the aggre-
gate of levenue shall only equal the necessities of
an economical administration.
The Constitution provides that taxes shall be
unir'oim throughout the United States; and if the
Government were supported by direct taxes, the
I rule might be execifNui according to the mtend-
i ment of its authors; but the policy of Government
| lias been, perhaps wisely, to collect taxes in the
: form of duties upon imports. These duties are
i imposed by constitutional majorities in the two
| Houses of Congress; who, rejecting the rule of
I horizontal or uniform ad valorem duties, have ex-
i ercised a discretion in discriminating between du-
! ties on different articles, and on articles consumed
