1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
to be some period when the settlement of these
accounts should be considered final, or this Gov-
ernment will be bankrupt. Why shall we not
apply the same rule to States which the Govern-
ment applies to individuals ? Gentlemen tell me
they regaid'individual claims as liquidated darn-
ages, and therefore refuse all interest. This
argument is notsound. Sir, there have been just
and honest claims existing by contract against
this Government- for half a century, the claimants
poortand absolutely needing the money thus hon-
estly due them, who come here, year after year,
knocking at the door of Congress for relief, but
who are turned away without the principal or m-
terestof their debt. And now, sir,certain States,
claiming for alleged advances to the Government
in time of wai, large amounts of money, which
have been directed, by special acts, upon certain
principles, to be. settled; and after their adjust-
ment and payment half a century ago, we are
asked to reopen andreadjii8ttheseclaims,because
an illegal rule was adopted in the computation of
interest. I insist that all States are estopped
from further claim after a lapse of half a century
since the adjustment and payment of their ac-
counts. The veto message of General Jackson was
based upon the fact that the reopening of these
accouuts was an improper precedent, wrong and
unjust to the Government, and opening a wide
door for the payment of claims which had been
settled and paid off for more than fifty years.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 ask the gentleman wheth-
er, if an act of Congress is passed allowing inter-
est, he is not willing that that interest shall be cal-
culated legally and properly?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; I am unwilling,
when the States have agreed to the settlement of
their claims, and have accepted the principal and
interest as then computed, to apply, after fifty
years, a different rule of computing interest to
that which is now applied to puvate individuals.
In 1832, General Jackson vetoed the bill. Why
did the American Congress then agree with him ?
Because it was changing the whole practice of the
Government. There was no equity in the bill
then, and there is none in it now. 1 trust it will
be ignored.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the Senate, and in favor of the proposi-
tion submitted by the Committee of Ways and
Means; and I wish to state what my own view
of the difference between them is, and why I am
in favor of the latter and opposed to.the former.
The rule has been adopted to pay interest on
claims of States, m certain cases; but a different
rule has been adopted in computing interest. The
amendment ot the Committee of Ways and Means
is to provide that, whetc mteiest has been paid,
the same xule of computing it shall be applied in
each ease. But, because that rule is to be applied,
it does not follow that we should go back and open
up claims upon which do mteiest has been al-
lowed. I know a hundred claims on which it
would be equitable to nay interest, although it has
not been paid; but that has nothing to do with
ttfns case, nor with my business here. There are
some six or eight cases in which laws have been
passed by Congress allowing interest on the claims
ofSi.iifis, on winch interest has been computed by
the o{iu' 'rs0>f the Tieasury by a mode which is
not the legal rnoue of computation. The amend- ;
ment of the CommitUr of Ways and Means em- ;
braces those esses, and provides simply for exe- 1
eu'ir.g the h«w« allowing interest. We do riot go
back to the days of the Revolution, and say that ,
A, B, C, oi D, had just claims, which weie not j
allowed by Congress; hut we simply say that the |
laws shall bo executed winch have passed Con-
giess, allowing m'erest on the claims of States-.
We do not oiiy that the claims of other Stales
should iiOthd\e b M.o allowed wuh mteieot, bat
we say, n> the half u«'Zen cases cmered by the
am etui oient of the C^mmitu e of Way a and Meu ns,
what was the urn- intent and meaning of the acts.
That is a!t tlieie is of U.
Mr. URGE BF.CIv. Did the acts in the cases
to which ynu have ivfeired provide that the in-
terest should he computed in this way?
Mr. HOWARD. They are silent as to the
mode of computJiigmU'iest; buteverybody knows
5 liaf is the h-ij-a! way of cabling lntue.u as well
as I do. Eveiyhody knows bv what luie it is
ca.*it m iudiwduai tiansaclions; and i insist that
| it is, not fair, it is not just, to say that we shall
j not execute these laws according to their true in-
i tent and meaning. But a single State has been
paid according to the legal mode of computing in-
terest.
I confess that I cannot see how any gentleman
can possibly fail to see the difference between the
amendment of the Ways and Means Committee
and the amendment of the Senate, which opens
up all the claims of States since the days of the
Revolution for readjustment.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I wish simply to state that
in the case of South Carolina, she protested at
the time against the mode of computing interest
which was adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. So I understand; but, sir,
that makes no sort of difference; all I ask is that
the right rule shall be applied.
[Here the hammer fell.}
The amendment offered by Mr. Stevenson
was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate, by striking out from the ninth
to the eleventh line inclusive, as follows:
" According to the provisions arid principle^ directed to
be applied to the Case of Maryland by the twelfth scction of
the act of March 3, 1857."
Mr. Chairman, this is a good specimen of the
manner in which we legislate in this Congress.
In the last hours of the session it is proposed, in
the shape of an amendment to an appropriation
bill, to adopt a section which will draw from the
Treasury, m all probability, an amount not less
than $5,000,000, at a period when you have not
levenue enough to meet the expenses of the Gov-
ernment by the sum of $20,000,000 a year. We
are going to work here m the dark, to adopt a
principle of the extent of which we have no con-
ception. How much it will take from the Treas-
ury no man can tell.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I cannot allow any
interruption in a five minutes' speech. In our
revolutionary history, and at the organization of
this Government, the principle upon which inter-
est was to be computed was established by law.
The rule was adopted which then prevailed among
the citizens of the Statesin their individual trans-
actions. Subsequent to the war of 3812, a differ-
ent rule of computing interest was adopted among
the citizens generally in their private transactions,
but the Government did not change its rule.
Hence, the States which have had their claims ^
allowed by the General Government, principal j
and interest, have been allowed interest computed j
upon the principle universally recognizcd by the j
Government from its organization down to the !
| date of their settlement. If there was any mis- !
take, it was a mistake in the law, and not a mis-
take of fact.
Now, what is it proposed to do 5 It is proposed
that, because the mode of computing mteresthas
changed since these accounts have been settled —
because capitalists have made an advance in the
amounts they are allowed, and require, in the
shape of interest—that you shallgo back and open
up all the claims of States which have been set-
tled since the days of the Revolution—claims
which have been finally settled and finally ad-
justed—and allow a rate of interest which the law
did not ailow at the time these settlements and ad-
justments were made.
Mr. Chairman, it is perfectly clear, that, if there :
is any justice m this matter at all, the Senate :
amendment is right. If a State has happened to .
be so fut lunate, or its "Representatives so diligent, :
as to obtain the passage of a law allowing her i
claims with interest, and another State has not j
been so fortunate, we have no right to increase :
the amount of mteiest paid t© one, and allow ,
iK>no at all to the other.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I were to undertake to 1
answer the speech of the gentleman, I should be
compel!* d to challenge every fact and to gainsay
evciy piinciple announced by him. I will meiely
remark, m passing, that it is not proposed to es-
tablish any new mode of computing interest, it ■
is as old as the earliest adjudicated case we have
in our courts—one going back, if I mistake not, to ;
the first volume of Crancii's Reposts of the JDe- 1
cimo us of the Supreme Court of the United States; 1
and I cannot imagine how o\ij gentleman can say <
here, in the ear of the whole country, that this is I
a new principle, or that merchants had changed
the mode of computing interest. They have not
done so. Merchants, as between themselves,
compute interest as they have always done; and
the mode of computing interest between debtors,
where one party is debtor and the other cr«ditor,
is the same that it has been for years.
I was proceeding to comment upon the latter
portion of the gentleman's remarks, and to state
why I preferred the amendment recommended to
us by the Committee of Ways and Means to the
one coming from the Senate. The amendment of
the Senate is general in itstermsindeed,and pro-
vides that interest shall be computed upon the
same principle in all cases where moneys have
been expended, so far as the States themselves
have paid or lost it. This constitutes the account;
ing officers of the Treasury the judges to decide
whether the State falls within thatcategory. This,
I take it, should be determined by Congress and
not the officers of the Treasury. Congress has
decided in the case of the State of South Caro-
lina, that she is entitled by the peculiar circum-
stances under which she incurred her obligations,
to receive interest. So the decision was in ref-
erence to severa] other of the States—the State o'f
Maine, the State of Virginia and the State of
Pennsylvania; and the only question now is,
whether interest shall be correctly computed in
favor of those States which have already been
decided by Congress to deserve it, whether it"
shall be lawfully or unlawfully done, whether we
shall give them the benefit of the law as Congress
has passed it, in their favor or not. It is purely
and simply a question of abstract justice, of puie,
simple right; and, sir, whenever any other State
presents a claim and shows that she has expended
money for the benefit of the Government, upon
which she has had either to pay interest, or to
take it from a fund bearing inteiest, let Congress
pass an act for her benefit, and let interest be com-
puted in like manner. It is idle to speak of hav-
ing the question sprung upon us at the close of
the session. Gentlemen do themselves injustice
by such statements. It was before us at the last
session; and by the ninth section of the act of
June 12, 1858, the Secretary of the Treasury
was instructed to report the facts to the present
session, that we mightlegislate intelligently. This
report has been made and has been upon our tables
nearly two months, and it is disingenuous m the
extreme, to speak of it as a question sprung upon
us just on the eve of adjournment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 move, in the fifth
line, to strike out the word " not;" and that will
bring the Senate amendment into exaet conform-
ity with the substitute moved by older of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. Chairman, to the Committee of Ways and
Means was referred the application of some three
States for the readjustment of their interest ac-
count. The committee considered the claim, and
resolved to report a bill in favor of allowing it;
but the period of the session was so late that
they have had no opportunity, in the crowded
state of the business, to present that bill to the
House. They would not have troubled the House
wuh it at all, this session, but that the amend-
ment of the Senate presented it to the'House.
They therefore resolved to meet the question
which the Senate presented, and they lesolved
to agree to the amendment with an amendment,
which is the provision that has been reported.
Now, sir, the difference between the two pio-
visions can be stated in a single Sentence. The
amendment of the Senate proposes, wheievei an
account lias been settled with a State under a law
which does not allow interest, that we shall now
pass a lav/allowing interest. The amendment
motfed by the Committee of Ways and Means is,
whetever an account has beensettled with a State,
and the law directing the settlement of the account,
directed, likewise, m words, that interest should
be paid, that now that interest shall be paid, m
accordance with the true meaning of the law as
passed. The dilf^pnce between the two amend-
ments is, thaftme reopens all the settlements
which have been closed; applies u different rule
for tho adjustment of the account tiom that de-
volved by the act allowing the claim, by adding
to the amount ordered to be paid interest upon
