468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
by different classes, and in different portions of
our country- It is believed that many articles
consumed chiefly by a large portion of the popu-
lation of the South have been subjected to dispro-
portionate duties; and thus a disproportionate tax
has been paid by the South.
But if this view of the subject be unsupported
by fact, and an equal tax has been imposed on
articles consumed by all classes, still that rule
will embrace all persons belonging to both the
black and wlvite races—each person constituting
a unit and an equal subject of taxation; whilst in
the distribution, two thirds of the.black race will
be excluded from the computation, and thus, in
the collection of revenue, five whites and five
blacks pay as much into the Treasury as ten
white persons at the North. But, in the distribu-
tion, the five whites and five blacks are counted
as equal to eight persons at the North. So that
the North secures over the South twenty per cent,
advantage in the distribution.
In laying and collecting duties on imports,
Virginia is computed as a State with a population
of 1,426,661 souls, according to the census of
1850. And as throughout her borders, the aver-
age standard of comfort is as high asm any north-
ern State, it may be assumed that she pays her
full proportion of money collected for the Treas-
ury. But as in arranging the schedules of duties,
the commodities for the most part, consumed at
the South, are taxed at a higher rate than those
which are consumed at the North, it affords a
strong presumption that she pays into the Trens-
sury a larger sum than any northern State, with
equal population. The distribution policy adopts
the ratio of Federal numbers, and rejecting from
the computation two-fifths of our slaves, icduc.es
Virginia to a State with only 1,232,648 souls;
ao that in the collection of duties her population
is estimated as l,426,6bl souls, whereas, in
the scheme of distribution, she <( would be esti-
mated as 1,232,648, thus losing the sum which
would be allotted to about 200,000 souls."
But if the land money be retained in the Treas-
ury as a part of a common fund, to meet the con-
stitutional wants of Government, any excess in
the Treasury may be removed and avoided by a
corresponding reduction of the taxes; that is, by
reducing duties on imports, by which Virginia
will secure her fair and equal share of the reduc-
tion us a State with a population of 1,426,661
souls, instead of receiving her distributive shaie
of the laud money as a State ot 1,232,648 souls,
thus securing an advantage of at least twenty per
cent.
This policy, also, avoids the expense incidental
to the collection of revenue to supply the defi-
ciency, the expense of distributing the land money
amowg the States, and it saves the interest on the
whole sum from the date of collection by the Fed-
eral Government, to the date of disbursement by
the State Legislatures, It also effects a far more
just and equitable disposition of the fund, by
leaving the money of the people in the pockets ot
the people; leaving each individual citizen to enjoy
the honest earnings of his own industry, instead
of collecting it into the Treasury, at a gieat ex-
pense, to be distributed to the State Legislatures,
who may apply it to objects in which the tax-
payer has no interest, or may even have an ad-
versary interest.
if" the subject be considered with reference to
the amount to be received by the several States,
the policy of reducing the tariff will be entitled
to preference over the distribution policy, in
deed, it is denied that a fair statement, exhibiting
the receipts and disbursements incident to the
administiatlon of the public lands would exhibit
an excess of receipts, after satisfying the just
liabilities of the land fund. On the contrary, it
is believed that the land fund is largely indebted
to the Treasury; and of this none could entertain
a doubt, if the lands be charged with the cost ot
war, by which they were acquired, and the cost
of the Indian wars, which they undoubtedly
occasion. Even excluding these items, there
arc other very heavy expenditures undoubtedly
chargeable to the land fund, such as purchase-
money paid to foreign nations, and money paid
lor extinguishing the Indian titles; the expense
of Indian treaties and Indian annuities; the re-
moval of Indians from the lands; the cost of sur-
veying the entire area; the expense of the land
and Indian bureaus, and the land offices war
the public lands; which, together, constitute an
amount far exceeding the sum of the land sales.
It appears from a table furnished me from the
General Land Office, that on the 30th June, 1857,
the whole amount received on account of sales of
public lands was $180,868,997, and the cost of
public domain, to same date, was $107,986,722—
leaving a balance in favor of the land fund of
$72,882,275. Bat this does not embrace any sum
paid for extinguishing Indian titles since January
1, 1850, nor any sum paid as interest; nor the
amount paid on account of the debt of the Revo-
lution. To show the items of which it is com-
posed, I exhibit the table itself:
Cost of Public Domain to June 30,1857.
Amount paid Fiance for Louisiana .$15,000,000 00
Amount paid Spam for Florida  5,000,000 00
Amount paid to Georgia for Alabama and
Mississippi north ot 31*   1,250,000 00
For Yazoo claims under Georgia  4,282,151 12
For extinguishing Indian titles 10 January 1,
1850..*    35.5P9.066 00
Mexico for California  15,000,000 uO
" for Gadsden purchase  10,000.000 00
Cost surveying public lands to June 30,1857 10.^63.928 95
Cost of selling, managing, &.C.,  11.001,076 08
$107.9*6,722 15
Amount received to June 30, 1857   180,868,997 23
Balance in favor of land fund.. $72,882,275 08
But it appears from the report of the Indian bu-
reau, presented to the present Congress through
the Secretary of the Interior, that the number of
acres acquired is 581,163,188; and that the true
costof extinguishing the Indian titles to the pres-
ent time is $49,816,344, being $14,816,344 above
the sum stated in the table furnished from the
Land Office; to which add $100,000,000, paid on
account of the debt of the Revolution, and we
have an aggregate of 14,816,344 chargeable on
the land, exclusive of interest; from which deduct
the balance in favor of the land fund, as stated
from the Land Office,$72,882,275 08, and we have
the true balance due from the, land fund to the
Treasury, of $41,934,068 92, exclusive of inter-
est. i
If to this be added the expense of the Indian
wars occasioned by the lands, this balance would
exceed eighty million dollars, exclusive of inter-
est. And if an interest account be stated on the
principles which would control a commissioner
in chancery in stating the account of an executor,
the balance against the land fund would approach
two hundred million dollars ! All this is exelu-
hivc of near twelve million dollars paid in the form
of interest on the sums above enumerated, and
justly chargeable to the land fund.
The debt of the Revolution is charged to the
land fund, because it was asserted by Mr. Clay,
] and has ever been insisted by distnbntionists,
I that the lands ceded by the States were pledged
i to its redemption, after which they insist a lien
j attached in favor of the States. Iagiee the public
! lands were pledged to the payment of the debt of
| the Revolution, not specially, by any clause in the
j deeds, but generally; because, under the Articles
j of Confederation, they were pledged to defray the
! genera] charge and expenditure; and under the
| Constitution they stand pledged for the payment
of all the debts of Government. Pledged " to pay
the deUts and provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States."
Distnbutiomsts insist on the annual division
among the States of" the net proceeds" of the
sales of the lands. These are shown to be infini-
tesimally small, and indeed far less than nothing.
Even the gross amount of sales at the present
i time will not equal the annual expense of the ln-
i dian bureau and the General Land Office. The
! gross amount of sales for the cunent year are
j stated at$2.116,768, while the expense ofsurveys
I and of the Land and Indian bureaus for the year
! is estimated at $2,702,419; leaving a deficiency of
i land money equal to #585,651.
j In ordinary times, and in a natural course of
• trade, the reduction of duties made by the tariff
' of 1357 would equal about sixteen million dollars
! annually, of which Virginia would derive her full
i proportion, considered as a State with a popula-
i tion of one million four hundred and twenty-six
j thousand six hundred and sixty-one souls—her
' distributive share being about nine hundred aud
' forty-four thousand one hundred and seventy-four
dollars.
Even the gross amount of the land sales for the
last fiscal year was only |2,116,768. If it were
all divided among the States, Virginia would re-
ceive her proportion as a State with a population
of one million two hundred and thirty-two thou-
sand six hundred and forty-eight souls, and her
distributive share would be about one hundred
ands'ixteen thousand six hundred and one dollars.
But it has been shown that the expenses incident
to the management and sale of the public lands for
thelastfiscalyearexceeded thesum of the sales by
$585,651. So that there would be nothing to dis-
tribute.
The Democratic policy contemplates a still fur-
ther, and indeed progressive, reduction of duties.
The rapid growth of the country, and consequent
expansion of its commerce, must rapidly increase
the amount of revenue derived from any rate of
duty established by law, producing in a short
time an excess of revenue; when ihe Democracy
will again press a reduction of duties; and this
i process .it is expected to continue, until commerce
shall be emancipated from the grinding burdens
by which it has been oppressed, and the con-
sumers and agricultural community shall procure
the necessaries and conveniences of life at a rate
of duty merely nominal.
In this policy, efficient aid is expected from the
salutary influence of the Independent Treasury.
Collecting the revenue in the precious^ metals,
their accumulation in theTicasury occasions un-
easiness in the commercial mind. The mercan-
tile interest become apprehensive of a money
pressure or commercial revulsion, and earnestly
advocate a reduction of duties, tu diminish rev-
enue, and set free the metallic currency to flow
in the ordinary channels of commerce, and per-
form the functions of money. Thus, an enlight-
ened and powerful body of men, often heretofore
found in combination with the manufacturing in-
terest, imposing heavy duties on imports, and
greatly increasing the cost of commodities con-
sumed by the farmer, become united with the ag-
ricultural interest in an earnest effort to reduce
the tariff. To this cause, perhaps, may be as-
cribed the fact, that Representatives from Boston
and New York were the active colaborers with
Representatives from the South in reducing the
tariff at the last Congress.
An impression seems to prevail among distri-
bution's that there is a large sum of money, al-
ready in existence, derived from the sales of the
public lands, applicable to the payment of the
public debt of the States, and which might be ap-
plied in relief of the heavy State tax now paid
by the people. So far as Virginia is concerned,
if it be intended to refer to the sum formerly ten-
dered as her distributive share, under a former
act of Congress, it is believed to be about forty-
one thousand dollars; which, divided among her
citizens, would not equal five cents per capita !
If it refer to any other sum, now in existence,
subject to distribution, it is not known that any
such sum exists. If it refer to a line of policy,
to be adopted by the Federal Government, to set
aside the future proceeds of the sales of the public
lands to be divided among; the several States, it
stands exposed to all the object ions already stated;
and it becomes impoitant to inquire whether,
under the proposed policy, the money would be
applied, in fact, to relieve the people from pay-
ment of the heavy tax by which they feel them-
selves oppressed.
It is respectfully submitted that no such effect
would ensue. The plan proposes to distribute
the money among the Legislatures of the several
States. The share of Virginia would be handed
over to her Legislature and subjected to the legis-
lative will. A majority of the Legislature would
determine the disposition to be made of the mo-
ney. If we reason to the future from the past,
we may conclude it would be appropriated, in
some form, to works of internal improvement;
and it is not improbable it would be effected un-
der the influence of combinations, more apt to
increase than diminish the debt of the State, and
the ultimate burdens of the people. It is difficult
to conceive of a mode of distributing the funds?
among the citizens per c(ipita> which would not
involve a degree of expense altogether inadmis-
sible; nor is it known that any such scheme has
been meditated. It must be handed over to the
Legislatures, who will do with it as to them may
seem meet.
Considered with reference to taxation, the
