1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
that amount. The rule proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means leaves the law to stand
as if is. It merely holds the accounting officers
of the Treasury to their duty, and requires them
to do what they have refused to do—execute Ike
law. One is a provision proper to an appropria-
tion bill for the execution of a law already upon
the statute book, and where—the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury having shown themselves
dullards in understanding the known rules of in-
terpreting the. law—we are under the necessity
of writing down the rule which they ought to have
known beforehand. Under the Senate's amend-
ment, we not only instruct them as to what the
law is, hut we change the bill under which they
were directed to settle the account. I think there
is the widest difference between these two amend-
ments.
Every settlement made by the United States
with a State or with an individual, proceeds upon
its own peculiar circumstances It is frequently
settled by the rule of give and take. There are
large amounts allowed by Congress without very
exact vouchers. We are now asked to reopen
old accounts, settled twenty or thirty years ago,
settled by the parties to the transaction,who could
adjust them, and to assume an amount of unas-
certained liabilities, the end of which no man can
foresee. Under the amendmentof the Committee
of Ways and Means, where a law lias directed a
settlement to be made, we require that law to be
executed according; to its own terms; and we add
nothing to the amount ordered to be paid, and
which ought to have been paid long years ago,
in conformity to the law.
[Here (he hammer fell.]
Mr. BOWIE. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] and shall
vote for the amendment of the Senate. I think,
sir, that, the same rule of justice should he ex-
tended to all the other Suites who have advanced
money to tin; General Government during the
war of 1832, or aii.ee, for military purposes,
which has been applied to the State of Maryland;
and this is what ihe Senate amendment provides
for; while the amondmon^proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in my judgment,
goes a groat deal further, and opens the door to
till claims for advances made to the Genei al Gov-
ernment, whether made before or smew the war of
1812. There is no limitation whatever as to time
in the amendment proposed by the Committee of
Waysand Means; ami it emhiaces inits termsall
claims of this description, made even as far back
as the revolutionary war. For this reason 1 am
opposed to the amendmentof the Committee of
Ways and Means, and shall vote for the Senate
amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment; and it was iejected.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 propose to amend the
amendment by striking out the lines from foui-
teen to twenty-three. I do so foi the puipo*«c of
staling how this matter came into the House. So
far as the State of Vnyinia is concerned, 1 desire
to cortert an impression which seems to have got
into the head of my friend liom Kentucky. [ Vir.
Stkvknson,] in respect lo the rule, and by whom
that tule was prescubed, relating to that and the
other States. If 1 understood him awhile ago, he
insisted, that the rule was prescribed by Virginia;
and that the settlement had,been made in accord-
ance with the iiile so prescribed. Did 1 under-
stand him aright?
Mr. STEVENSON. I said the law prescribed
the way m which interest had been calculated;
and that that law differed front the law m which
interest hud been calculated for South Carolina;
but both laws providing for payment, prescribed
also the mode of calculating interest
Mr. LETCHER. Then I understand my friend
from Kentucky to admit, that the rule, instead of
being prescubed by Virginia, or with the assent
of Virginia, was piescnbed by the Federal Gov-
ernment;and that the settlement was made accord-
ing to the terms and principles laid down in the law
of Congress. That such is the fact, any one can
ascenam by turning to the fiwrth volume of the
Statutes at "Large, whe?e it Said down that set-
tlement shall be made accoiding to the rule de-
sci ibed, and which was adopted m violation of tiie
statutes of these States, and of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Then, sir, Virginia had no option in the
mattei, nor had these other States then concerned.
The question having, come up in regard to the
State of Maryland, the agents of the General Gov-
ernment, in Congress and at the other end of the
avenue, considered the matter, and came to the
conclusion that the settlement had been made on
wrong principles, that it ought to be changed. On
the settlement, there was found to be money due
to the State of Maryland. An act was passed
providing payment to that State of the amount of
money justly due to it; and the whole was sub-
sequently paid.
Now, the question comes up after the United
States has opened up this settlement itself, after
it has avowed that the principle of action applied
.to these States was wrong; and we come forward
and ask for the application to our States-of the
rule that was appiicd to Maryland. But the gen-
tleman from Kentucky says that it is a concluded
| question, that Con^reSs has no right to look into
it, no right to go behind the settlement. If it was
| a concluded question, why did not the Govcrn-
1 ment let it remain a concluded question? Why
| did the Government undertake to open it up for
] one State, and administer to that one a measure
| of justice and relief that is withheld from others
J similarly situated ? Can there be aiiy <rood reason
[for it? Can there he any justice in it? Will it be
| pretended that the State of Maryland or the State
i of Mississippi, or any other Mate, has distinct
' rights and privileges notenjoyed by other States,
or is entitled to a measure oftreli ef i hat is not ac-
corded to other States in their dealings with tins
Government? I apprehend that no such principle
as that is contended for. And yet, unless that
be contended for, the gentleman cannot advo-
cate the payment on one principle to Maryland,
and deny the application of the same rule to South
Carolina and other States.
All we ask here, is that these States shall be
placed on an ♦•quality; that they shall bear the
same illations to the Federal Government; that
the rights of all shall be exactly the same; and
that in the legislation of Congress, you shall deal
with one as you deal with another
[1 Iere the hammer fell.]
Mr. IjONHAM. On looking at the act under
which Vnginiaand South Carolina received pay-
ment of the moneys expended hy them for the
Federal Government, I perceive that Virginia
was restricted by the terms of the act, but that
there was nothing in (lie act as to South Carolina
lestnoting the mode of calculating interest; and,
beyond question, the calculation was to be made,
as stated by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maykuid,] accoiding to the rules of law, not ac-
cording to tiny arbitrary rule supposed to prevail
among merchants. The latter is not the rule
which ought to control us. If I understand the
laws passed by Congress on this subject, inter-
est was only allowed to those Stares which, in
advancing money for the Geneial Government,
had paid interest themselves.
Now, sir, I understand that the Senate amend-
ment will open a wide field and allow States
which were not paying interest on the moneys
advanced,and which have notpieviously received
interest by any act of Congress, to receive it
now. I am, therefore, opposed to the Senate
amendment But 1 understand that by the amend-
ment recommended by the Committee of Ways
and Means, we are to be restricted to those States
which have already, under existing laws, been
allowed interest. All that is proposed by that
committee is, that the computation shall be ac-
cording to the rules of law and common sense.
The idea that the rules which prevail among
merchants must prevail here surprised me, com-
ing from the sensible, and, I may say, in many
respects, sound gentleman, my colleague on the
Military Committee, [Mr. Stanton.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to strike out the
last three lines of the section. Both my friends
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] and South Caio-
hna [Mr. Bonham] have misunderstood my argu-
ment. My position was, that there has been no
rule of computing inteiesi violated in the cases.
It is not the case of a mercantile account, neces-
sarily bearing interest, and where a palpable mis-
take was made in computing it. The Government
can pay interest, or can refuse to pay interest.
There is no general law requiring claims against
the Government to bear interest; and there can,
therefore, be no established rule for its computa-
tion. Many of the States have been paid claims
similar to the present ones, without interest.
Why? Because the law authorizing^ their audit-
ing and payment refused to give interest. Other
States have received a certain amount of interest,
which has been computed m exact accordance with
the principles of the law which authorized and di-
rected its payment. The law of South Carolina,
authorizing the paymentof the claim on which the
interest is now sought to be readjusted, prescribed
one mode of calculating the interest, and the law of
Virginia another mode; "but both States agreed to
take their principal and interest as prescribed by
these respective acts of Congress, and they both
were paid accordingly. Both acts prescribed what
part of the claims should bear interest and what
part should not. Having been settled with under
the law, both States, by receiving principal and
interest, are now estopped from claiming a differ-
ent rale of interest, or a different rule of comput-
ing it, because other States, since that period,
have been settled with differently and under sub-
sequent acts. If this were permitted, Mr. Chair-
man, when would there be an end to the settle-
ment of any claim? What treasury could pay
the millions which such a precedent would entail
upon us? You might as well claim to open an
old judgment, because o different rule of judicial
procedure had been adopied since the judgment
was rendered. If Congress should hereafter de-
clare that the United States would pay interest at
eight per cent., on certain claims now presented,
instead of six, every State might come back, on
that principle, and claim thaT all former claims
might be reopened. I repeat, now, what I said
before, that the act of Congress in each case pre-
scribed the mode in which interest was to be com-
puted; and I have the highest authority for say-
ing that every law was fulfilled to the letter.
Having been settled with under the law, Virginia
is now estopped from claiming a different mode
for the computation of interest. The same prin-
ciple applies to South Carolina. There are some
States which have never been paid interest. What
would the gentleman, now urgently pressing these
claims, do about them? Will they not open the
door for just claims from all such States?
Mi. BONHAM. That was because they never
paid interest themselves.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir! It was because
the law, under which their claims were paid, pre-
scribed thatthey should not bear interest. The
law declares that, in ascertaining the amount of
interestdue to the State of Virginia, certain rules
shall govern the computation. The settlement
was made according to the spiritand letter of that
act. But it is now claimed that, because Mary-
laud, a few years since, was settled with under a
special act which prescribed a different mode of
computation of interest, therefore, forsooth, an
equitable claim results to all other States that did
not receive as high a rate of interest as Maryland,
to have their accounts reopened and computed
upon a different mode, although the act under
which they were settled with was fully and spe-
cifically carried out, and although these claims
were audited more than half a century ago. I im-
plore the committee to examine the aubject fully
before committing themselves to so cmngcrous a
precedent, the injustice of which was made so
manifest in the veto message of Andrew Jackson.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 desire to say to the com-
mittee that, in the very next amendment, the
question of appropriating certain amounts of
money for the various forts is to be considered,
and there are other amendments to this bill which
we must endeavor to get through to-night, if pos-
sible. This question ot interest has been thorough-
ly discussed, and is fully undeistood by the com-
mittee. If there be any gentleman who desires
to discuss it further, I have no disposition to pre-
vent him, but I do ask the committee to come to
a vote without further delay, so that we may get
through this bill some time to-night.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevenson's
amendment; and it was rejected,
Mr. GROESBECK. i move to amend by
striking out the last lines of the section. I offer
this amendment, to say a word on this subjeot.
The amendment offered by the Committee of
Ways and Means proposes to allow those States
that have been previously awarded and paid in-
