1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
powers of the Federal Government are limited
only by the objects of appropriation. To accom-
plish a constitutional object—as for example, to
prosecute war—Congress may raise money with-
out limit. But under the clause already quoted,
Congress can raise money only for the purpose
of paying; the debts of the-Government arid ac-
complishing such objects in which the States have
a common interest.
Considered with reference to objects of appro-
priation, the powers of a State Legislature are
far more ample. Perhaps to present an actual
barrier to the exercise of their discretion, in select-
ing an object of appropriation, it might be neces-
sary to produce some positive enactment of the
Constitution.
In a State Legislature, the effective restraint on
the power of taxation consists in frequent elec-
tions and a direct responsibility to the people; but
if they may derive money from the Federal Gov-
ernment to accomplish objects indiscriminately,
the responsibility and the restraint aie effectually
removed, and there is no practical check. If the
Federal Government, under its power of taxation,
may raise money ad libilum, to place at the dis-
posal of the State Legislatures, who are free from
restraint as to the objects of appropriation, it ef-
fectually evades the only limitation on its own
power of taxation, which is the limitation as to
objects of appropriation, restraining it to paying
the debts, and providing for objects m which the
States have a common interest. Thus is the tax-
payer exposed to the unlimited action of two
Governments, each subjected to strict limitation
in our scheme of Government, but each eluding
its limitation by combination in the exercise of
their powers.
An interested local majority in a State Legisla-
ture, animated by the most selfish motive, may be
restrained from gross injustice to the minority by
the responsibility which attaches to the imposi-
tion of taxes or, their own constituents; but if the
Federal Government may impose the tax, and
hand the money to the State Legislatures as the
means of accomplishing their objects, the Legis-
latures are relieved from this responsibility, and
proceed to execute their most unjust and extrav-
agant purposes.
A local and interested majority in Congress,
coming from the North, representing a manufac-
turing community, and owing no responsibility to
a southern constituency, may even advance their
own popularity at home by imposing unjust taxes
on the South, protecting the manufacturers of the
North, and enabling their own Legislatures of the
Northern States to carry into effect local objects,
with money unjustly exacted from the South.
Let the subject be examined with more special
reference to the condition of things within Vir-
ginia. The people of the fourth congressional
district are large tax-payers, as well to the State
as Federal Government. They have, perhaps, a
■well-grounded apprehension of the enlargement
of their public debt, and consequent increase of
their taxes. They yield a ready and patriotic
assent to any wise and necessary extension of
public credit; but they would avoid unwise and
prodigal expendituies. Against these they have
an effective security in the responsibility of the
Legislature to the people. Many hundred miles
of railroad have already been projected—-not yet
placed in process of construction, and as to which
the initiative is not yet taken.
In determining on the propriety of commencing
these works, it would seem to be proper to leave
the Legislature under the salutary influence of a
sense of responsibility to their constituents. If
the works be demanded by public necessity, they
will be undertaken, if not required by the wants
of the country, the odium which attaches to an
increase of taxes may operate to prevent their
commencement. But if the members of Assembly
are authorized to expect to receive the money
from the Federal Government under the process
of distribution, they will not only press forward
unnecessary and visionary schemes, but each
member will feel that he will advance his own
popularity at home by bringing forward some
local work, to invite and absorb the expenditure
of money among his own constituents. Combina-
tions would be formed by which many of those
works would be carried through; and if, under the
influence of a commercial revulsion, the sales of
the public lands should fail to yield the amount
required, then, in the hardest timts and under the
most adverse circumstances, the people would be
required to pay the money in taxes collected by
the sheriff.
Thus it is shoton, that the scheme for distribu-
tion stimulates to extravagance and prodigality
as well in the State Legislatures as in Congress—
both being relieved from their just responsibility
to the people and the limitation on their powers,
contemplated in our scheme of government.
The argument most relied upon by the friends
of distribution is founded on the assumption that
Congress has prodigally given away the public
lands to the new States, in gross violation of the
principles of justice and the spirit of the Consti-
tution. This argument is presented with all the
earnestness of a strong conviction, and is believed
to control the opinions of many who urge it. It
is certainly entitled to a candid consideration.
It is not my purpose to defend all which has
been done. All certainly has not received, and
could not have commanded, the sanction of my
suffrage; but in *ny opinion, the facts have been
perverted and the evil exaggerated.
When a territorial government has been estab-
lished in a wild, uncultivated country, sparsely
inhabited, it has been usual for Congress to make
liberal appropriations in land towards public im-
provements, to induce immigration and settle-
ment, and render the lands more salable. This
practice has obtained since the foundation of the
Confederacy. Perhaps it has been carried to an
extreme; but the object has been to increase the
market value of the unsold lands; and it is believed
that most of the appropriations thus made to Ter-
ritories have been so disposed as to add to the
aggregate value of the public property. Indeed,
so strongly has been felt the necessity for this
policy, that Congress habitually supports the ter-
ritorial government from the Treasury of the
Union; prompted not less by a regard for the gen-
eral welfare, than by a spirit of parental care for
the infant Republic. And when, under the fos-
tering care of Government, the embryo State has
attained to a degree of importance to justify an
application for admission into the Union, as an
independent, sovereign State, on equal term^ vvitli
the older Slates, Congress has felt justified in en-
teringinto stipulations and contracts with the new
State, by which considerable quantities of land
have been set apart to aid in the erection of
public buildings, the construction of public roads
and improvements, and for educational purposes.
These have not been considered gratuities, but
grants on good and valuable considerations, if not
on fair and full equivalents. First, it occurs that
all the lands granted by the Federal Government
are so disposed of as to contribute to increase the
value of the unsold lands. Next, it is stipulated
that the new State, on being recognized as sover-
eign, shali bind herself to recognize the title of
the United States, and to abstain from taxing the
public lands so long as they remain the property
oftheUnited States, and for five years after alien-
ation.
Distributionists have contended that the right
to tax would not,undei the circumstances, attach
to the new States. But it is respectfully submit-
, ted that the right to tax is inherent in sovereignty,
j and can be abided only by treaty stipulations
and such contracts as touch the honor of the ne-
j goliators. All the old States have the right to tax
all lands within their borders, except where that
right has been waived by contract. The Con-
stitution provides that the new States shall be
admitted on terms of equality with the old. By
consequence, they have the right to tax, of which
they can only deprive themselves by contract.
This stipulation to abstain from taxes is a great
concession on the part of the new States. It may
extend through centuries. In several instances,
it has already extended through a term of about
j forty years. It comprehends the entire body of
| unsold public lands—usually much more than
j half the territory of the State. Within the bound-
j anes of the land States there was an area, at the
! date of their admission, of unsold public lands,
S equal to about four hundred million acres. If four
| hundred millions be estimated at $1 25 per acre,
; and subjected to the rate of tax paid in Virginia, of
i forty cents on the hundred dollars, it would yield
I the annual sum of $2,000,000. In several of the
| land States the tax is at this time more than forty
I cents on the hundred dollars.
It has been stated in the House of Represent-
atives, by a chairman df'tHe Committee on Public
Lands, that excluding swamp land—ceded as a.
nuisance, grants for military services, with pub-
lic and private reservations, to which the United
States never had title, the whole amount of public
lands granted to the new States does not exceed
thirty million acres. If this be true, the whole
frant, by an annual tax equal to $2,000,000, would
e absorbed in a term of about twenty years.
Whilst it has been shown that, in several of the
land States, the waiver of taxes has already run
through a term of about forty years, two hun-
dred and eighty-four million acres remaining un-
sold in the land Statesarid exeiiipt from taxes, as
late as 1853.
Extensive grants have been rnade to particular
States of what are kn'owfi arid described as swamp
lands, of which we have heard tlie loud complaint
of the distributioni'st—to some extent, perhaps, a
just complaint. The^e were larids held 'by the
United States within the linfiits of the particular
States. As the name imports, thoy were "swamp
lands;" frequently, periodically, habitually cov-
ered by water, forming lakes, stagnant pools .fetid
bogs, throwing off poison, generating disease and
death ! A black, horrid, pestilential nuisance !
There they stood, the property of the United
States, within the geographical boundaries and
constitutional jurisdiction of the several States,
unsold,unsaleable,undrained,undrainable, never
to be sold,and never to be reclaimed, so long as
they remained the property of the United States;
excluding immigration, driving away the inhab-
itants, and destroying the lives of the people.
In this condition of things, the States applied
to Congress to drain the lands, and to remove the
nuisance, or to surrender to them the property
and jurisdiction over the soil. Who shali say it
was the duty, or the right of Congress, to spurn*
their remonstrance, and retain the lands asaper-
petttnl nuisance? Who shall say that in such a
condition of things the several States would not
h.ue been justified in rising up to assert their
high, mlicient, and sovereign prerogative? Ill
my opinion Congress did right to make the grant;
but did wrong m failing to stipulate for a fair
equivalent when the lands were drained and put
to sale.
But it cannot be successfully maintained that
any pecuniary loss was suffered by the United
States, or by any one of the States of the Union,
or by any part of the people of any one of the
States of the Union—because the market value
of the lands in their then condition was equal to
] just nothing at all.
1 The last, perhaps the loudest, complaint of the
' distributionist, is connected with the grants of
| alternate sections of public lands to incorporated
[ railroad companies, to aid in the construction of
• their works of public improvement. This, I agree,
should be condemned. I bold it to have been the
duty of Congress to secure to the United States
equivalents for the lands granted. But was it an
unmitigated evil—" evil, and only evil contin-
ually?" It will be remembered that the price of
public lands is $1 25 per acre. In the land States
most of the lands lmd been surveyed and offered
for sale for years. They were unsold for the want
of purchasers; other points presenting higher
objects and more powerful attractions to the em-
igrant qjid to the pioneer. Suddenly, individual
sagacity and enterprise, stimulated by the keen
! instincts of speculation, project a railroad through
i the public lands, connecting distant points of com-
j merce and different centers of trade.
| A railroad company is incorporated, and applies
! to Congress for aid in constructing their work
through the public lands, and make such repre-
sentations as induce a grant of alternate sections
lying along the whole line of improvement; but,
at the same time, it is provided by law tha* the
sections retained by the United States, shall not
be sold for less than $2 50 per acre. The grant
is accepted; the work put in process of construc-
tion; a real and a speculative value is at once im-
parted to the lands; and the retained sections are
sold readily and promptly for §2 50 per acre; thus
realizing to the United States a sum equal to the
price demanded for all the land in its original con-
dition of wildness, with greatly increased market
value added to the public property in the vicinity
of the improvement throughout its entire length
of way. Have the United States sustained a pe-
