470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
cuniary loss? Has any part of the family of man
suffered an injury from the procedure? The prin-
ciples of government have been violated, I admit;
and for that I opposed the grants in Congress.
There are some points of resemblance between
this case and the case of the swamp lands. They
both occasioned'no pecuniary loss to the United
States; in both great works of public usefulness
were accomplished; and in both many members
were animated by patriotic considerations of high
public interest.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Chairman, I feel myself un-
der the necessity of deviating from a rule of con-
duct that I had laid down when 1 became a mem-
ber of this body; which was, never to trespass
upon your attention or to consume your time, un-
less it was in the discussion of questions which
were under the immediate consideiation of this
House. But, sir, a, pressing sense of duty con-
strains me to infringe upon this rule, as 1 am de-
sirous of inviting, in advance, the earnest and
zealous consideration of this House to a question
fraught, as I believe it to be, with great interest
to every State in this Confederacy as a separate
and independent sovereignty and as a part and
parcel of this great Union. Nor do I wish to be
considered as a particular or special advocate of
any one interest, or the supporter of any peculiar
section. I do desire, however, to present this
question in its broadest and most comprehensive
sense, and to illustrate the effect and bearing of
its success upon the whole country.
This question of a Pacific railioad has been
fully and freely discussed by some of the wisest,
most learned, and distinguished statesmen of our
country; and we find a greet vniiety and strange
• diversity of opinion involved 111 these discussions.
This conflict of sentiment and clashing of opin-
ions arise more from the desne of the respective
advocates to carry out their particular wishes and
their particular views relative to whete this road
shall be located, than fiom any doubt as regards
the policy or the constitutional i ight of this (inv-
ernment to aid in its construction. In 18.10, we
find the three great parties which then divided
the masses of this country in their political sen-
timents, incorporating in their various platforms
a plank recognizing, acknowledging, anil urging
the policy of the immediate consti action of a Pa-
cific railroad; and llieie is not now a member
within the hearing ot my voice, who considers
himself a paity man, and who fights either under
the banner of Republicanism, Americanism, or
Democracy, who was noi commitied, by the ac-
tion of their respective national conventions held
at Philadelphia, Baltimore, or Cincinnati, to the
support of this measure. 1 believe that we have
now in this body a decided majoiity in favor of
the road, and if it was not for the jan nig of cei lain
interests, and the warring and iivalry unlbiin-
nately existing between ihe two seeiions of our
common eountiy,a lull eouhl It < asily passed
for the eoiistiucuon of a I}acifie wulrond. We all
listened last session, Willi much pleasure, to tin?
gentlemen from Washington, [Mr. Sn'.vr.NS,j
from Wisconsin, [Mr. I'li.i.iNi.nmtsr,] and iiom
New Mexico, [.Mr. 0rur.ii,| upon this subject:
and the only fault that I could lind with thetr ar-
guments was, that they wen; the advocates of
particular routes.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as I said before, I stand
here to-day not to advocate or to advance the 111-
teiest of any pnrticulni mute, but to urge upon
this body, and to foice upon the attention of the
country, the necessity of a railroad connection be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific.and while I am
free to confess that I may be influenced in a meas-
ure by the tifl'eciions which I bear my own State,
1 can with the same degii e of sincei ny assert
thatl am equally influenced by the love which 1
bear towards the whole uniled anil enine Confed-
eracy ot thirty-two (Vee and independent Slates.
For, sir, 1 contend that all s;aiesaien form their
opinions upon the history of ihe past and the pres-
ent, and that the safest and surest conditions are
those thet, are based upon the collected wisdom
brought and acquired by the test of the experi-
ence of the past.
Then let its turn our rcinds to the p'st. Let
us dive into the histoiyof ourown Republic,and
let us karn wisdom and sagacity at the shrries
of .ui ■..j.t f-e The gieatcit practical
danger to which our country seems now to be
exposed, is the overthrow, by rival factions, of
our Government and our Union. Even at the
very origin of our Confederacy, serious appre-
hensions were entertained of the danger of the
disintegration of the western States from the
Union. The difficulty arose at that time by the
interposition of the mountain barrier of the Alle-
ghanies between the Atlantic slope and the val-
leys of the Ohio and Mississippi; although this
Alleghany range, having no more than twenty-
five hundred feetin average height, would be con-
sidered but hills by the side of the Rocky Mount-
ains, and the side of the Sierra Nevada; yet it
constituted, in the early days of the Republic,
such a formidable obstacle to commerce and inter-
course between the eastern and western States,
as to thieaten a separation between these two
portions of the Union. At that time the inter-
course of the western States with the rest of their
sister States was down the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers to New Orleans, and thence by sea with
the various sea-poris of our Atlantic coast.
But Spain, in 1799, refused us a depot and
transit to and from New Orleans; and so import-
ant and essential was this deemed to the perpe-
tuity of the Union, that the most distinguished
and conservative statesmen of that period favored
the seizure of New Oilcans by foice of arms; and
this doubtless, would have been consummated it
Spain had not receded from this commercial em-
bargo. And even after this channel of inter-
course was secured by the bold find leading spirits
of that day, to be a blessing to generations then
and yet unborn, Mr. Jefferson, with that wisdom
and sagacity which lias rendered his name im-
mortal, determined upon the acquisition of Lou-
isiana, so that this great route and channel of ;
American commeice and intercourse should be j
seemed uml puitected from foreign aggression by j
being brought within the limits of the Union.
But even after the acquisition of Louisiana, j
when the Alleghanies still continued to divide the
eastern and western States geographically, Aaron
Burr seized upon this part, and formed a conspi-
racy, which was believed by many to be in suc-
cessful progress when it was timely discovered,
to detain that vast domain lying on thevallcysof
the Ohio and Mississippi from the Atlantic slope,
and to unite it in one great empiio with Mexico;
thus showing, even at that early day, that it is
commerce, free intercourse, interest, and affection,
that must and can only unite the States of a com-
mon confederacy.
The history and formation of the American
Constitution show that it was mainly accom-
plished to provide for the common defense, and to
establish free and unrestricted intercourse be-
tween all the States; but if that commerce and in-
tercourse be free only under paper clauses of the
Constitution; if it exist only in name, and be
! leudered impracticable by mountain barriers and
j desert.--, the great object for which the Constitu-
j turn was framed will have failed to that extent,
ij and the dangers of dissolution will have been vast-
ly augmented. A State that is sepaiated from her
sister States by impissable barriers in our own
territory; that'must conduct her commerce wnh
other States, and they with her for thousands of
|j miles yver both ocean and through foreign terri-
'| tones, subject to so many casualties in war and
i in peace, as far as her commerce and inteicourse
; aie concerned, may nominally be a member of the
j: American Union, while in point of fact, she is
1 deprived of nearly all the great advantages de-
! signed by the Constitution. Yes, sir, I again as-
e sort it; the Constitution itself is a mockery spread
! over her, whilst the rights and advantages de-
' signed for her by that instrument are withheld or
suspended.
! Nor do I go too far in the asserfion; for if we
look to the origin of the Constitution, the cum-
mercial difficulties which preceded its formation,
I the commercial embaigoes which existed among
> the States, the unity and fiecdoni of commerce
' secured by that instrument, the debates in the
'■ convention which framed the Federal Govern-
; nient, the bold seizure of New Orleans whilst it
belonged to Spam, the danger of the dismtegra-
tion of the Union at that period, the acquisition
of Louisiana by Mr. Jefferson m 1803, and the
■ I crushing out of the Burr conspiracy a few years
;; auerwards, we will find, on all of these memora-
ble occasions, that the actual, practical fieedom
of inter-Stafe commerce and intercourse was
deemed essential to the preservation of the Con-
stitution and the Union. Even in the Farewell Ad-
dress of the Father of his Country, the great dan-
ger of the Union, apprehended by him and his
illustrious compeers, was the formation of geo-
graphical parties, and geographical re publics,from
the different States of our common Union; for at
that day the voice of faction or treason assailed
not the domestic institutions of any of the States,
and no danger from the Union was apprehended
from that source; but it was geographical parties
that then caused such serious apprehension,giv-
ing rise to a supposed diversity of interest and
intercourse; in fact, it was mountain barriers that
were supposed then to constitute the most serious
obstacles to the preservation of this Union. For
a long period of time it is reciprocal interest,
| founded upon a free and widely extended inter-
i course, that constitutes the safest and most en-
I during bond of a common confederacy.
i It is true there are other causes calculated to
| perpetuate our Union. The love of our common
; country constitutes one of these bonds. The glories
j of the past, the present, and the future, are calcu-
| lated to maintain the Union; but after all, in a series
j of years or centuries, it is a common interest,
i founded upon a widely-extended commerce and
| intercourse, that is best calculated to preserve us
| as a great and united people. How can you have
I such commerce and intercourse not only with
I California, but with the rest of your Pacific pos-
! sessions, without a railroad ? Why, Mr. Speaker,
! in less than ten or fifteen years, the time required
! to construct this road, you will find a new power
! developed in thisVonfederacy; you will find Cali-
i fornia, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico, Ari-
zona, Chihuahua, Sonora, Utah, probably all
I States of this Union, and all States who are to be
I benefited by this road; and when that day arrives,
as it will sui ely come, we will then have the politi-
cal power and ascendency to build the road our-
selves, but, perhaps, at the cost and sacrifice of
the Union; for by your delaying too long the con-
struction of this great national highway, you may
give rise to those same geographical parties that
constituted the principal danger of disunion in the
early days of the Republic.
You ought not to hazaid the incalculable bless-
ings of this Government by another year's delay
on a question so momentous as this. If you re-
main longer in this fancied security, if you still
indulge in this treasonable apathy, you may be
roused from your slumbers when the fatal words,
" it is too late," may resound from the shores of
the Pacific to the Atlantic. Geographical parties
! are not yet formed, but who will dare to impeach,
i the wisdom and foresight of the founders of our
1 Government, by declaring that there is no danger
| of the cication of such parties; let them once ba
I formed, let one portion of the Union tear itself from
i the other, thus defacing and mutilating the noblest
! fabric of Government ever devised by the wisdom
' of man, and the power and prestige of our Gov-
; ornmcnt is gone, and these now happy, and free,
I United States will become a parcel of separate re-
I] publics, who will be ever and eternally wrangling
and warring with each other. Why, sir, if the
!' StateofCaliforma thought so lightly of this Union
!■ as many oiher States of this Confederacy, she
!, would have dissevered it long ago, from your neg-
\ lect and indifference. But, because the love for
this Union beats so warmly in the bosoms of her
I people, is that a leason why you should incite
p her to disloyalty by isolating her from the rest
ji of the States ? Between her and the valley of the
'! Mississippi interpose not only the frowning bar-
|j riers of nature, in mountains higher than the Alps,
! wilh deserts also, and a vast territorial domain,
| embracing many hundred millions of acres which
is the property of this Government; but this
| great domain is occupied, to a vast extent, by
f Indian tribes, many of whom are hostile, savage,
e and uncivilized; no States have been formed
within its boundaries, and, to a great extent,
|j there is not even territorial organization. Hence
jl the impossibility of making this road by private
i' enterprise alone and unaided. It is the Govern-
!' inent of the Union and the people of the Union,
!! who, together v/ith California, would all partici-
pate in the Advantages of this great work, and,
!- therefore, it is this Government that should aid
!' lairely in its construction.
Let us look at this road, first, in a governmental
