1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
as I learn from the gentleman who is clerk to both
these works, thai the work at the foit at Hog
Island ledge can lie carried on for less than Uie
amount appropriated in the Senate amendment,
and that a certain appropriation is absolutely
necessaiy for the protiction of the work at Port
knox, t propose to have the amount equally di-
vidi d. 1 am sure that there can be no objection
to tliis course. I liave a letter from- the clerk to
whom 1 have referred, in which he says that they
have now on hands a sufficient sum to protect
the work in Cttseo bay; but that $20,000 is re-
quired for the protection of the works at Fort
Knox I trust the committee will a<lopt the
amendment 1 havcoffered.
Mr.WASHBURNi£, of Illinois, called for tell-
frs- - ' v, j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bryan and
Thayer were appointed.
' The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventv-seven, noes not counted.
So Mr. Abbott's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PALMER. I offer live following amend-
ment:
For Fort Montgomery, at the outlet of Lake Cliamplain,
$50,000.
• I am satisfied, Mr. Chairman, that if the com-
mittee made itself acquainted with the merits of
this amendment, tljere would be no objection
whatever to it. This sum was estimated by the
Department last session, but the appropriation
was not made. The work is in pi ogress of con-
struction. I hold in my hand a letter from the
engineer at House 'a Point, from which I will read:
House's Point, December 20, 1&">8.
Deak Sir: Fort Montgomery, at thi- placc, i* olio ot'lhc
most impoiMnt work^. In oaf.e of war with Enuland, u is
of equal impouance \vith any sea coast loit. it must be
the base ol operation, and pent magazine for our Hoop*,
for a campaign into Canada on Uh> palt of the frontier. It
has already oo.-t some two lumdied thousand dollars and
Jjy30,lHH) more, speedily granted^ will finish it. The longer
the delay in completion, the greater the final cost. I can-
not f-uppose that a work, m us condition, is to he entirely
abandoned. Such a supposition would ho preposterous.
Youis, &e ,&c., CHARLES E. BLUNT.
Jloft. (J. VV. Palmer.
Mr. Chairman, I am at a loss to imagine why
the Senate should have omitted an item for
this fortification. This fort is situated at the
outlet of Lake Champlam—a lake one hundred
and fifty miles in length, extending for one hun-
dred and twenty-five miles into the heart of our
own country, and separating tli# States of New
York and Vermont. This fort is situated at the
outlet of the lake, directly on the Canada frontier,
and within a few yards of the line at a point
where il commands the approach of a fleet into
the lake from the liver St. Lawrence, within the
possessions of her Britannic Majesty. It is the
channel thuiugh which Ureal Britain invaded our
country, both in the Revolutionary war and in
the war of 1813. And if we half had, in the war
of 18112, a fort located at this point, thatinvasion
under Get eral Piovost never would have taken
place. She sent u fleet into the lake through that
nai row channel ,and havingpossession ol that lake
by virtue ol her fleet, she sent ill an army of four-
teen thousand men by land. Ill case of another
war with Great Britain the most natural point of
•utack on our whole northern frontier would be
through this same channel into Lake Cliamplain.
She can throw a fleet into that lake within a
month'.s tune, that could devastate, burn, and de-
siioy every town on its borders. Nor have we
any mians of icKisting such an expedition—not
a gun-boat on the lake or a fort on its shores.
Now, by an appi opriatioii ol a few thousand
-loliats tins fnrt can be put into such a state of
defense as to protect the lake fiom the entrance
into u of a hostile fleet.. 1 hope the committee
will adorn my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri 1 rise to inquire
from what document the gentleman from New
York has ri ad ?
Mi. PALMER. From a letter addressed to mo
by Lieutenant Charles E. l]lunt, of the engineer
corps of the United Stales Army, who has this
woik in charge at Rouse's Point.
Alt. PllliLPS, of Missouri. I desire now to
call the altenitou of the House to the improper
conduct of a subordinate officer of the engineer
corps in making a repoittoan individual mem-
be i ol'tIns House,and not ti animatingit through
the lieail of tile Department.
RJr. PALMER. I insist upon it that Lieuten-
ant. Blunt's conduct shall not be assailed in this
way. He has made no report to the gentleman,
to the House, or to me. This is a private letter
addressed to me by a citizen of the United States,
an intelligent and honorable officer of the Army.
Let the gentleman confine his remarks to the mer-
its of my amendment, and not travel out of his
way to discuss questions of personal propriety.
■Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. A letter has been
produced here in support of the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from New York. I con-
demn the introduction of a letter of that descrip-
tion which is not placed upon the files of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri must confine his remarks to opposition to
the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am confining
my remarks to a letter which was read by the
gentleman from New York as a part of his state-
ment.
Mr. PALMER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I did not inter-
rupt the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PALMER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. Hi' did.
,)M>. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am calling the
attention of the House to the fact that letters are
obtained from subordinate officers, who are sta-
tioned at points throughout the country to exe-
cute the orders of the Department to which they
belong, and upon such letters gentlemen come be-
fore the House and ask for appropriations, and
then it is charged that the Administration have
made such appropriations or such estimates.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri if there is any existing law which
prohibits an Army officer from writing to a mem-
ber of Congress ? [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do not know of
anything of the kind, but there is a certain degree
of responsibility attached to every officer in any
official position. "Would any gentleman rise here
and,upon a letter written by a subordinate clerk
in the Treasury Department, base a proposition
for a modification of the tariff?
Mr PALMER. 1 will not stop here to discuss
questions of taste or propriety with the gentle-
man, but 1 wish to say that the amendment which
I have offered does not rest upon the letter which
I have produced. This work is estimated for by
the Department.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then why was
that letter produced ?
Mr. PALMER. I would ask the gentleman
if he did not oppose, last vear, ail appropriation
of #50,000, recummended by the Department for
this work?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I expect to op
pose the entire amendment of the Senate. There
is no money in the Treasury that wa can appro-
priate for fortifications at this time, except for
their mere preservation.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation ten dollars
and 1 do so for the purpose of responding to the
remarks of the gentleman from Missouri, who re-
flects upon, and censures,an officer I'orexpressing
his views on the matter now before us. The offi-
cers of the Army of the United States are just as
much devotedfco the service of the country as the
head of the Department; and whenever, in the
business in which they are engaged, they feel
that they are the proper exponents and represent-
atives of those matters, it is peifectly proper for
tlieni to wiite to their Representatives here, and
especially to respond to any inquiries which may
be made of them by members of this House.
It is to inquiries of that kind, made by the gen-
tleman from New York, that Lieutenant Blunt
has responded; and, for so doing, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means rises upon
this floor and pours out upon him censure and
leproach. Let me tell you, and the honorable
chairman, that, m my judgment, the officers of
the Army ought to ispeak when matters of im-
portance to our country require it. They are
freemen, and not the mere instruments of superior
rank. It is no disrespect to superiors for officers
to speak of malteis importantto ourinterests and
honor. It is especially proper that officers in
charge of special works should cordially corre-
spond with Representatives of their particular lo-
calities. Theengineercorpsoaghttospeak. That
branch of the service has not been properly rep- .
resented here, or by the Department; for it is
obvious that branch of the service is not sustained
by the appropriation bills. It is the very life and
soul of the Army, the military school at West
Point being embraced in this corps. It is the
engineer, ordnance, and artillery service, that re-
quire intricate and abstract sciences that are es-
sential to our military success; and if there be
any valid argument for sustaining even a skeleton
Army, it must be mahily based on the necessity
of preserving this knowledge, which the arts and
usual avocations of men do not require, but in
war would be indispensable.
It is wrong to neglect the scientific defenses of
our country, and still worse to treat with coldness
or censure those who feel it their duty to interpose
a word in behalf of their branch of their country's
service. The progress of human knowledge, in
everything else, requires corresponding changes
in our means and mode of defense, and none are
so competent to watch and avert the dangers that
progress in arms constantly presents to our con-
sideration. It is no longer considered necessary
to maintain fortifications in the interior of a coun-
try; but it is important that they shall be con-
structed and maintained on the frontiers of a
country when avenues of approach and great
commercial cities invite the assault of our foes.
It is no time to abandon our defensive construc-
tions when our executive department assumes a
threatening or belligerent attitude towards ina-ny
nations of the earth.
Our attention should especially be called to
such of our permanent defenses as require pres-
ervation or perfection; and I commend the con-
duct of such officers as, with due respect to su-
periors, do not hesitate to express their views.
Let the Army be identified with the people, and
the people with the Army.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMER. I have no remarks to make
in defense of the propriety of the production of
that paper. It needs no defense. Let me tell
the gentleman from Missouri that I assume the
responsibility of my conduct in this House, and
that Lieutenant Blunt will take care of himself,
so far as his conduct is concerned.
But the gentleman from Missouri says we have
no money to appropriate for this purpose. How
is it, 1 ask the gentleman, when the Secretary of
the Treasury has estimated for two worlra of de-
fense m Florida $1,000 each; that for those same
works the Senate have brought in an amendment
here appropi iating for one of them, Fort Taylor,
$75,000, and for the other, Fort Jefferson, $95,000?
We can appropriate $170,000 for two fortifica-
tions in Florida, and yet we are told there is no
money in the Treasury for the defense of Lake
Champlain; a lake which has more trade and com-
merce and whose borders have a larger popula-
tion than Florida ever had or will ever have.
Now, sir, the amendment which I have offered
being, in my judgment, proper and right, I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman froi^New York
by reducing the amount tojs2,000.
The Committee of Wayffand Means, of which
I am a member, recommended a ngn-concurrence
in the entire amendment of the Senate. As a
member of that committee, I am myself willing
to make such small appropilations for fortifica-
tions as shall keep them in repair, or as will pre-
serve the work from going to dilapidation; and that
is all that, in my judgment, it would be proper to
appropriate for that purpose at this time. But,
sir, I cannot defend the amendment of the Senate.
I am opposed to it. I withdraw my amendment.
The question being on Mr. Palmer's amend-
ment, it was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Sec. 12. Jlml be 11further enacted, That the unexpended
balance ot appiopnatious ciutliorizeti by tile first .and sec-
ond sections ol" the act of February 17, 18T)7, be expended
by the Secretary of War instead 01 by the Seeretaiy of tile
liiterior, as autlionzed m said act.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
