THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1859.
New Series No. 98.
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 13. Jliid be 11 further enacted, That no allowance for
servants or hordes shall hereafter he made, either in kind
or in commutation, unless feuch servants and horses shall
have been mustered and inspected at such times and in
such manner as the President may direct.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means, recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. BONHAM. I move to strike out the
amendment. I think this amendment of the Sen-
ate had better be stricken out and take'its chances
in the bill, winch, I understand, the Senate has
passed, and which now lies on your table. Now,
sir, this amendment provides;
" No allowance for servants or horses shall hereafter be
made, either in kind oi 111 commutation, unless ouch ser-
vants and horses shall have been mustered and inspected
at such times and in such manner as the president may
direct."
Mustering horses and servants for inspection
would, m many instances, be attended with great
inconvenience. Many of the officers stationed, for
instance, in the far West, who have left their fam-
ilies in the East, leave their servants at home and
get on as best they may. Others may, techni-
cally, not have servants, but sill) pay a higher
price for the hire of servants at the hotels or places
where they may be stationed, than is allowed them
by the existing law. .
And, in reference to horses, this provision will
often subject the officers to great inconvenience
and delay in obtaining their pay. For instance,
an officer who is on the frontier, or in Utah, and,
as is now the case, in some instances, is here, and
on duty, would not be able to draw his allowance
for horses until, as I understand it, he should
send to his station, have his horses mustered,
and the report returned.
There are gentlemen upon this floor who know
more of this matter, perhaps, than I do, and I
appeal to them to Ihiow whether this amendment
would not occasion serious inconvenience. X hope
the committee will non-concur.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move the following
amendment:
For defraying the expenses of executing a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 8tli of Feiuuary, 1859,
requmns tile Thud Auditor of the Treasury to investigate
and lepoit upon the Washington and Oregon war debt, the
sum of $5,000, or .so much thereof at, may lie necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order. The committee has decided upon all the
amendments of the Senate, and there is nothing
now before the committee to which an amendment
can be attached.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the committee
rise and report the amendments of the Senate to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally utidfer consideration, and partic-
ularly the amendments of the Senate to the Army
appropriation bill, and had concurred in some
with amendments, concurred in others without
amendments, and non-concurred in others.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I demand the previous
question on the report of the committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill
rendered necessary to pay the expenses of the
several investigating committees of the House.
There was no objection.
Mr. PHELPS, o'f Missouri. I introduce, then,
a bill making appropriation for the payment of
expenses of'investigating committees, and for
other purposes.
98
The bill was read a first and second time, and
then it was re.ad in externa.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is an ex-
pense of about nine thousand dollars unpaid, on
account of the expenses of the investigating com-
mittees of this House. There is also a small de-
ficiency in the stationery and folding accounts. It
is proposed to transfer an unexpended balance of
appropriation in the Clerk's office, and not needed,
to this miscellaneous item. I have examined it,
and it is all right.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to recensider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. EDIE, the House
(at nine o'clock and seven minutes, p. m.) ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 2, 1859.
Mr. STUART. I am informed that it is en-
tirely impossible for the clerks, as I presumed it
would be, to write out at length the Journal of the
Senate of yesterday; and it would take more than
an hour to road it, if it were written out. I there-
fore ask for unanimous consent that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The reading of the Journal will
be dispensed with.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. SEWARIJ. I was prevented by ill health
from staying here until the adjournment of the
Senate last night. When I left the Senate, they
were engaged on the naval appropriation bill, and
considering the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] increasing the
appropriations for navy-yards. If I had re-
mained, I should have been glad to have voted to
sustain the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, and against the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
TheYICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of War,
with accompanying papers, in obedience to the
resolution of the Senate of 23d February, request-
ing the President to communicate to the Senate a
copy of the opinion of Judge Brewer, 111 the Great
Falls land condemnation case, involving a claim
for damages, to be paid by the United States;
which-, on motion of Mr. Mason, was ordered to
he on the table; and a motion by him to print
the report was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in-
formation relative to the cost of granite for the
south wing of the Treasury building; which was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion of Mr.
Hamlin to prist the report, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting a
repoit, with accompanying documents, from the
Secretary of State, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate, of the 23d ultimo, requesting a copy
of certain letters of Horatio J. Perry, late secre-
tary of legation of the United States at Madrid;
winch was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion of Mr. Mason to print it, was itferred to the
Committee on Printing.
DIPLOMATIC AKD CONSULAR Ell.l.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Mason, Mr. Davis, and Mr.
Seward, as the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 666) making *
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic -
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th-of June, 1860.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the credentials of
Hon. Jkdah P. Benjamin, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, for the
term of six years from the 4th day of March 18S9;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,presented the
credentials of Hon. Lazarus W. Powell, elected
a Senator of the United States, by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kentucky, for s*x years, from
the 4th of March, 1859; which were read, and
ordered to be filed..
RELATIONS WITH CHINA.
Mr. MASON. It is known that we have rati-
fied within a few days past, a treaty with China,
and the Secretary of State inform us that it is im-
portant to have legislation .to carry that treaty
into effect for the benefit of certain citizens of the
United States. A bill has been prepared for that
purpose at the Department of State, and I am in-
structed by the Committee on Foreign Relations
to report it, and ask the Senate to pass it atonce,
so that it may go to the House of Representa-
tives, to be acted on there.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 606)
to carry into elfect the convention between the
United States and China, concluded on the 8th of
November, 1858, at Shanghae, was read three
times, and passed.
It provides that the minister or chief diplomatic
officer of the United States in China shall, so soon
as the Chinese revenue officers issue the deben-
tures, or duty receipts, provided for in theconVen-
tion, select some proper depositary of the same
in China, making such compensation as he sliall
think right. The President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, is to appoint two
commissioners to form a board 111 China to receive
and examine all claims which may be presented
to them tinder the convention, according to its
provisions, and the principles of justice and in-
ternational law. The board is to meet at such
time and place as shall be designated by the chief
diplomatic officer in China; and within one year
from the time of the meeting shall terminate its
duties. The compensation of the commissioners'
is to be ยง3,000 per annum; and the President of
the United States is authorized to make such pro-
vision for the contingent expenses of the commis-
sion as shall appearto him necessary and proper.
The commissioners aie to leportto the chief dip-
lomatic officer til China the seveial awards made
by them, to be approved by him, a copy to be by
him transmitted to the depositary of the debent-
ures, who is to distribute in ratable proportion
the debentures.ortheir proceeds,according to the
direction of the diplomatic officer. So soon as the
commission shall be executed and completed, the
records and documents, and all other papers in
the possession of the commissioners, are to be de-
posited in the office of the Secretary of State.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 887) granting a pension to
Mary J. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L.
Harris, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented a petition of the Ameri-
can Indian Aid Association of New York, praying
that a policy maybe pursued towards the Indians
that will define arid respect their rights, and ele-
vate their character as men; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES presented a petitipn of citizens of
Hardin county, Iowa, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Eldon to Point Pleasant;
which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jeisey, presented a
petition of citizens of Bergen, New Jersey, pray-
ing that the public lands may be laid out 111 farms
