472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,.
(for the time allotted to me will not permit me to
go into a discussion relative to this part of the
subject,) that we do not ask them or tnc Govern-
ment to take stock, but merely give us the right,
by the passage of a bill, to ascertain whether cap-
italists are nofc-willi'ng to invest their means, and
■whether cpntractors will not undertake^ with a
reasonable aid of money and bonds from the Gov-
ernment, to build it. if a bill was to pass that
was not sufficient in its provisions to hold out in-
ducements for capitalists to invest, then it would
he a failure and the road would not be built. The
bill which was introduced by my honorable col-
league in the other branch of this House [Senator
Gwin] only proposes a loan on the part of the
Government in the issuance of her bonds, (which
are to be repaid in the transportation of troops,
munitions of war, mails, &c., to Government,)
and also the donations of alternate sections of
land; and i believe that, as far as the ma,in fea-
tures and leading principles of that bill are con-
cerned, most of the friends ofthis measure acquiesce
jn it, although they m&y not concur in some of
the minor points involved in it, and to which I am
willing to give way, so that a road or roads may
be built.
Rut, sir, if gentlemen will forever war against
this measure, because they believe it will not pay,
and therefore will not be built even if Congress
was to pass a bill giving lands and money, I ask
them in all frankness, how are we ever to test the
sincerity or the truth of their belief, unless you
give us an opportunity to discover whether capi-
talists are willing to undertake its construction?
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not my intention now to
dwell on this portion of the question; for when a
Pacific railroad bill is presented to this House,
and is fairly before us, 1 will then procecd to par-
ticipate in the debate itself, am) to discuss the
vnuous featuies and piovibions of whatever bill
may be up. My only object now, is to take a
general, national, and patriotic view of this sub-
ject, hoping and desiring, in my humble way, to !
rally ihe friends of this measure to energetic j
action; and if 1 accomplish this, my aim and ob- :
ject will be attained. I
It has been so often said on this floor, that Cal- 1
lfornia is a drain upon the national Treasury,
that a prejudice lias doubtless arisen in the minds
of many to their far distant sister State. lam fiee j
to confess and bold to admit that you have been
kind and liberal tous in the past; and fortlmtkind-
noss and foi that liberality you have the thanks
and gratitude of the six hundred thousand inhab-
itants of my State. By yourgeneiosity, you have
caused a State, powerful in all her wealth, grand
in all her riches, and magnificent in all her pro- 1
portions of greatness, to spring: up, as ifby magic,
on the shoie of the Pacific. You have done this;
and by doing it, you have not only conferred i
benefits on her, but you have added to the histei
and gloi y of the American name. But,.sir, as long :
as she is permitted to stand as an equal- among
her sister States, 1 have nothing to say in regard
to the noble returns which she has rmule you for
this generosity, Put, when she is taunted and !
jeered as a .burden upon them; when she is 1
pointed to as a drain upon your Treasury, and
sneered at as a begging pauper, who, although 1
clad m gold, and glittering in gems, is ever pray-
ing, ever demanding for more, I hurl back the
false charge, and point you to the noble manner
m which she has repaid your kindness and re-
turned you interest upon every dollar that you
have invested m her. Look at the revenue that ,
elm ha^paid into your Treasury; look at her one
handled and thirty million acres of public, hinds,
abounding m fertility, and which soon will be in .
tlie market. Look at the $80,000,000 which she
is annually pouring into the lap of trade and com-
merce, giving an impulse and an impetus, which
your flourishing cities and commercial marts fully
attest the incalculable value of, and then tell me
it' she does not demand a higher consideration at
the hands of her sister States ' Sir, from the year
3849 to 1858, a period of eight yeai s, she has paid 1
alone, as customs, nearly twenty million dollars,
as the subjoined table shows:
ftlutrmcit showing; the amount of Cmtfouit lieicnue paid
m to the V ruled Stales Trcamiij, front California, Jroin
.September lid, 1819, to Scptcmlje) 30, j
S-sw Ftanci^co, from November )•>, leiP. to
S"pt°rnher;RI 18,)* 
Svii-iuuj ftom Jul} 1. IcOU, to June o-', c6
Snn Joaquin, from December 1% 1850, to
June 30, 1858  1,967 45
San Diego, from Januaiy 1U, 3850, to June
30, 1858  41,273 5.4
Monteiey, from April 1, 1850, to June 'SO,
1858    16,13.1 86
Sacramento, from Ma> 7, I860, to June 30,
1858  7,044 39
San Pedro, from May J, 1830, to June 30,
18o8  616 37
$] 9,819,087 58
Besides this, she has poured $500,000,000 on
this side from her inexhaustible minesin the same
period of time; and,young as she is, she has con-
tributed as much as any of her older sister States
to advance the honor, to preserve the nationality,
and to add to the glory of this country. She has
borne in patience and forbearance, since her ad-
mission into this Union, your neglect and your
indifference on this Pacific railrc?ad question; nor
does she to-day threaten a dissolution of the
Union if you refuse to grant her demands. Her
loyal heart is too big for that, and her devotion
to these confederatedStates istoo sincere,too true,
for her to wreck their destinies, although her own
onward march in the great future which awits her
may be retarded by your action.
As long as peace lasts, it is a mere matter of
commeicial greatness, of accumulation of wealth,
and an increase of population, and the develop-
ment of icsources with her, and she desires this
road to advance her interests in these respects.
But when peace no longer exists, but war, in all
its horrors, shall burst upon us, it is then that
every one will see the imperative necessity of
this road. It is then that California, one of the
sovereign powers of this Confederacy, may call
m vain for help from the Government, which is
bound by the Constitution and by every solemn
obligation to shield and protect her from the in-
vasions of a'foreign foe. It is then that we will
behold a spectacle revolting to every American—
a portion of our Union in the hands of a foe, and
the other portion utterly powerless to render her
assistance. When that day does come, as it
probably will, where then will be the fierce op-
ponents of this bill, when six hundred thousand
American freemen shall be at the mercy of a for-
eign toe; when the spit it of indignation shall
ring throughout this land; when a foreign flag
shall wave flaunt'mgly and boastingly over one
of our States, conquered and subdued, because
descried and abandoned by her sister States, who
were bound in honor, in love,and m trnenlFection,
to stand by her in the hour of affliction*, when
that day does arrive, as it may arrive in the course
of human events, woe betide the opponents and
enemies of this bill; for the bold, free, and gener-
ous feelings of this nation will be fully aroused,
and will curse the niggardly couise of those who,
by (heir canting on economy, and by their dis-
sensions on routes, have entailed such a disgrace
and such a national calamity upon us.
Hut, Mr. Chanman, I am not influenced by a
selfish motive m advocating the construction of
this road, nor are my views relative to its import-
ance to my Stale confined alone to her. i be-
lieve, as truly as 1 believe m my own existence,
that a Pacific railroad would do more to cement
and perpetuate this Union than any other meas-
ure that could be"udopted by Congress. For it
is the hope of the patnot, that the sectional pas-
sions which threaten this Union, upon aquestion
regaidingthe local institutions of one section, may
be crushed out. by the intelligence and patuotism
of the people. But when this is done, is there
not imminent danger that the same geographical
parties which threatened the Government at its
origin, and many years afterwards, may again
distuib tile hopes of the sage and the statesman.
You have it m your power this very session to
obviate this dangei,and prevent the foimation of
geographical parties which I spoke of in the former
part of my remarks, by bringing the Atlantic and
Pacific within a week of each other, and uniting
the whole within the valley of the Mississippi.
By constructing such a road you will not only
prevent the formation of geographical parties,
but is there not great icason to believe that by
thus uniting the North and the South in a rapid
and constant commerce and intercourse with their
sister State upon the Pacific, you will have struck
a mortal blow at those sectional passions and
prejudices which now threaten the duration of
this Government? By the construction of this
road, the North and the South will equally partici-
pate hi the greatness, the power, the glory, and
the commerce, extending from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. It is, then, through California, that the
North and the South will unite in securing for our
whole country, the commerce and intercourse of
China, of Japan, and the Amoor river. It fa
thus that our annual product of gold, whkh has
already reached nearly sixty millions, would
nearly be doubly increased if we only had this
road, and would flow from the Pacific through our
own territory, resting at various points, giving
an impetus to commerce and intercourse, causing
flourishing towns and cities to arise as if by
magic on the route, giving a new demand to ag-
ricultural products, with • suitable exchangabie
articles, thus filling the hand of labor with its ap-
propriate reward. By this road would come the
teas, the silks, the spices, and other costly arti-
cles of Asia, whilst a vast portion of inter-Euro-
pean and Asiatic commerce would necessarily
pass over this route.
Let the North and the South alike enjoy,
through the instrumentality of this route, the ad-
vantages of such a commerce and intercourse with
California and Asia as will be supplied by this
road, and we will have formed a new link of
union through all the States, more substantial and
more enduring than any ever created since the
formation of the Constitution. What section of
the Union would then separate herself from an-
other and from their common sister upon the Pa-
cific, if such a road united her with them, and the
trade of China and Japan ? for they would indeed
be bound together by a common interest; and a
frequent intercourse would engender, as it has
engendered in my own State, a warm feeling of af-
fection between those who hail from the different
sections of our Union.
The patriots and statesmen of our country have
devised various means and enacted important laws
in the different periods of our dangers heretofore,
which would crush out the most dangerous of our
sectional questions, and preserve and perpetuate
the Union. Thank God that glorious Union still
lives, and the flag of our count! y still floats over
us from the Atlantic to the Pacific; but this sec-
tional danger still exists, and if it can be termin-
ated by anything which the wisdom of man can
devise, it is by uniting the South to the North by
a common railway to the Pacific. And when this
great route of American and universal commerce
and intercourse shall have, for all practical pur-
poses, removed the mighty mountains and des-
erts which now separate the two oceans, those
dark clouds which now hang over us will be swept
away in a sunburst of glorv and power, and will
make us indeed a fiee, happy, and united people.
I had also desired, Mr. Chairman, to urge the
necessity of the aid of Government for the eon-
sttuction of a telegraphic connection from the
Atlantic to the Pacific; but the short space qf an
hour will not allow me to enter into the discus-
sion of that subject, and I must content myself
by merely publishing an able communication
which my friend, Major P. McD. Collins, has
kindly furnished mc at my solicitation. It is as
follows:
" Leaving "Moscow. tip to which point east, a telegraphic
communication already m operation to London, a hue
would bo constructed by w.iv oi Vladeinu and Ni| ii-Nov-
yoiod to Ka/.an ; a- thi: point i-> upon the Volga, through
which a verv e\ten-i\e comni'-icc flows toward:- Persia,
(ieorgia. Tin ke*tan, and roimtnc- to (he ea«t of the Caspian
tfea hy way of Astrakhan, a lateral hue would naturallvbe
coiibuuetcd to intersect. eeitamij as iat a-s Astrakhan on
the high toad to IVi.-iaand Cabul. Pue-umg it^ main course
e.i-t by wa\ of Perm, it would pass liuongh Kkaiennburg
and Tobol-k the heait of the gieat mineral regions of the
Ural Mountains ; trom thence having fairly enteied Libe-
ria, U would pui&ue iu way by Om-k, the capital of West-
ern Siberia, Tomsk, and Krasnoyarsk. to Irkutsk, the cap-
ital ot Eastern Sibena, tluee thousand live hundied miles
ea-t of Moscow. Tins whole o\tent of eomitty i-> travei.-ed
bv a ' post road' along or near which Ihe Wires would be
easily and cheaply eared tor. Irkutsk beim* the gieat cen-
ter oi Eastern Sibena, m fact ot Northeastern Asia, wheie
concentrate- the commercial and mineral intciesls of a va-t
country, the hue would be supported hy local inteiests
alone ; but when the recent change in the state or the eotin-
tiytotheea-t is taken into con-ulei.uion. a vast tield is
opened lor new and impoirant enterprise.-.
'• Kyaehta and Mia-inat-t-Hirn aie -itaated about six
hundied ver^ts to the south ot Irkutsk ; at the-e points! eon-
C( nnate the Itu ?o Chinese conmx'ice, now fat^e but rap-
idly to be augmented under Ihe Mourarieil-lgoen neaty,
by which the sovereignty of the Amoor nver and country,
have passed ftom the Cbin?-c to ihe Ko—inn t.'sar.
15 Leaving likui'-k, ihi wucl would make doiuideiiffcfour
