1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
more willing to make this report, because of their
wish to check the distribution of these docum&nts
at the public expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The chairman of the
Committee on Printing suggests that these reso-
lutions are reported in view of the fact that it is
probable the franking privilege will be abolished.
If the franking privilege is to be abolished, what
is the use of printing the ten thousand extra copies
at all ? How are they to be sent out ?
Mr. FITCH. If the volumes are not worth
the prepayment of twenty-five or thirty cents post-
age by those who desire them, they are not worth
publishing. Any citizen who desires them can
procure them by addressing the proper Depart-
ment, and inclosing the requisite number of
stamps to pay the postage.
Mr. MASON. It would seem to me that the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from Maine
is a very pertinent one at this time, with regard
to the reports made by the Committee on Print-
ing. I not only agree with the committee that
there should be no extra copies printed for distri-
bution by Congress, but I go further; I do not see
why these ten thousand copies should be printed
for distribution by the Department of the Interior,
when, as I understand the present plan in relation
to the Post Office Department, nothing is to be
transmitted free of postage; and then it will re-
sult that the Government is to pay for the distri-
bution of these ten thousand copies
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is mistaken in the
result. If the franking privilege is abolished, and
the several propositions we have had before the
Senate, or any of them, become a law, these doc-
uments cannot go through the mail free of post-
age; they cannot be franked by the Interior De-
partment; but those who desire them, knowing
that they can be obtained at the proper bureau,
can very easily* inclose a sufficient number of
stamps to prepay the postage; and if the volumes
are not worth the postage, they are not worth pub-
lication at all. If the result of this experiment,
if you please to call it so, be that no inquiry is
made for the documents of the bureaus having
them for distribution, because prepayment of
postage is required, of course Congress hereafter
will be released from any obligation to publish
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest that these
resolutions had better lie on the table for the pres-
ent. We are not yet certain that the bill abolish-
ing the franking privilege will pass.
Mr. FITCH, I have no objection to that
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The resolutions will he over
for the present, if objected to.
HOUMAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A petition was presented
by the Vice President the other day from the
claimants to certain lands in Louisiana, asking
Congress to act in their behalf upon their claim
at the present session. The Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which this petition was re-
ferred, has had it under consideration two morn-
ings; the papers aie voluminous; it is so late as
to be impossible to act at this session. Under the
circumstances the committee have instructed me
to report a joint resolution, suspending the oper-
ation of tho act complained of by these petition-
ers until the end of the next Congress. I ask
that the joint resolution may be considered and
passed at once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S.
No. 88) in relation to the second section of the act
of Congress entitled "An act to provide for the
location of certain confirmed private land claims
in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes,"
was rea3 three times and passed. It is as follows:
Resolccd, That th<; second section of the act of Con-
gies*, entitled "An ,u:t to provide lor the location of certain
confirmed private land claims in the State of Mi&soun, and
for other pulpites,'1 approved June li, 1858, is lietcby
fcus-pended in ir.s opeiution and eflect, until the end of the
Tinny Sixth Oongtess, as that no patentor patents -dial) be
issued, lior shall an\ action b? had hv the executive biancii
or department of the Govumment, or any ofhcei or a'gent
theieof, under, oi ly virtue ot j-aid section.
COURTS IN MINNESOTA,
Mr. BENJAMIN. The House of Represent-
atives has passed the Senate bill providing for
holding the district courts in Minnesota, with an
amendment striking out the clause authorizing the
courts to be open at all times for admiralty busi-
ness. I move to take it up for the purpose of
concurring in the amendment.
.The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 412) supple-
mental to "An act for the admission of the State
of Minnesota into the Union." The amendment
is to strike out: " the said court shall be open at
all times for the purpose of hearing and deciding
cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, so
far as the same can be done without a jury."
'On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the amend-
ment was concurred in.
MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BENJAMIN. At the session before last,
Congress passed an appropriation of $330,000 for
improving the navigation at the meuth of the
Mississippi, directing the sum to be expended by
contract. There is a balance of that appropria-
tion existing in the Department, which it is de-
sirous of appropriating at once to relieve the com-
merce at New Orleans, which is now obstructed
by difficulties at the bar; but the contract system
will require sixty days'advertisement, and keep us
blocked up for that time. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution authorizing the balance of the
appropriation to be expended, under the direction
of the President, without the necessity of waiting
sixty days for advertising for a contract.
' By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 87) in re-
lation to the removal of obstructions in the mouth
of the Mississippi river; and it wus read twice
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the unexpended balance of the
appropriation of $330,000 made at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, for remov-
ing the obstructions to navigation m the mouth
of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass,
and Pass a 1'Outre, may be applied to that pur-
pose under the direction of the President of the
United States, by contract or otherwise, as in his
discretion may appear best adapted to effect the
object contemplated by the appropriation.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THE POTOMAC WATER.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 889) to provide for the care and pres-
ervation of the works constructed by the United
States, for bringing the Potomac water into the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, for the
supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of the inhab-
itants of the said cities, have directed me to report
it back with an amendment. As it is a bill which
cannot possibly lead to debate, the amendment
must cause it to be sent back to the House. I
hope it wiil be considered now.
There being no objection, the hill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The amend-
ment of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia was to strike out, in line eighteen of section
one, " civil engineer," and insert " officer of the
United States corps of engineers."
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer
to the bill, as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
first is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Mississippi to explain the effect of
the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. The effect is to allow the Pres-
ident of the United States to detail some officer of
the United States corps of engineers to take charge
of this work, instead of taking one from civil life.
Mr. BRIGHT. After this amendment shall
have been acted upon, I presume itwillbein order
for me to move a substitute for the entire bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
The question now is on the amendment of the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and insert as
a substitute the Senate bill on the same subject.
Mr. BROWN. I think it is hardly worth while ■
to read that amendment. It is a long bill; it is on I
all our tables; we have seen it. All I want to say-
about. it is that I would as soon take that bill aa
the House bill, but I am so apprehensive that the
House of Representatives will not sanction it, and
that in the conflict we shall get nothing, that I
greatly prefer not having the amendment made. •
The bill, as it comes from the House, involves the
Government in no responsibility at all. It simply
authorizes the people of Washington to tap the
mains for the purpose of getting water, under the
direction of one ofyour ownUnited States officers,
without saying who he shall be—someone to be
appointed by the President of the United States.
'That is about the whole bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. This subject was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
some time since; and the proposition which I
have offered as an amendment to this bill was
the result of their labors. They gave the subject
a great deal of attention, and the proposition, I
believe, met the approbation of every member of
the committee. It is a system within itself, copied
substantially from the code that governs the
water privileges in. New York and in Philadel-
phia; and I hazard nothing in saying, that it is
just such a system as we ought to adopt here.
But I have no expectation of being able to make
the Senate understand the bill, if they have not
already read it. It is a long bill. I do not in-
tend, however, that the House bill shall pass,
without having the merits of the amendment
which I have offered thoroughly understood. I
think the House bill very objectionable in several
particulars. It does not guard the interests of the
Government properly. The Government has in-
troduced water here at an immense cost—several
millions of money. It is important that the Gov-
ernment should be protected in its rights, while
it gives to the city willingly great privileges in
regard to the use of the water. The proposition
which I have presented, substantially gives them
the privilege of using the water, requiring them
to pay no more than is absolutely necessary to
repair the wear and tear. It is important to see
that the rights of the Government are not injured
by allowing anybody and everybody to tap the
pipes at any and every point within the city,
tndependentof the privilege of tapping the water
and using it, it must be carried oft after it is used.
The introduction of the water ought necessarily
to be coupled with a system of drainage; but
there is no provision of that kind in the House
bill. It is a commingling of the interests of the
city and the Government, and putting them all
under the charge of one or two persons. I am
against that. I want the interests of the Govern-
ment protected by persons in the employ of the
Government; and I am willing that the cities of
Georgetown and Washington should have the
benefit of the water, provided they get it under
the direction and with the assent of Government
officers, making the Government officers respons-
ible for the care and preservation and protection
of the Government property. It is utterly im-
possible to do that according to the bill that has
come from the House of Representatives. I wish
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
was present; and I shall object to the bill being
disposed of until he is present. It is a matter in
which he has taken a great deal of interest, and
I should be very unwilling to have the subject
finally acted on in his absence.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Indiana is al-
together mistaken in saying that the House bill
does not guard the interests of the Government;
for the very first section of it puts the whole of
the water-works under the control of an officer of
the United States to be selected by the President;
and no permission is to be allowed to any one to
tap any of the pipes without his consent, and
very heavy penalties are inflicted by the bill on
those who violate its provisions. I do not see
that you ought to have more than one superin-
tendent. If he be competent to the discharge of
his duties, he is just as good as half a dozen.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator. If he expects to get this bill
through Congress at this session, it must evi-
dently be through the medium of a conference com-
mittee between the two Houses. Therefore, I sug-
gest to him whether H would not be better to
adopt the substitute offered by the Senator from
Indiana, and let the bill be sent back to the House
