1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
in that form, so as to bring it before a committee
of conference.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; I will take that
course, as I see we can do nothing else.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to that
course, and I think it very probable that a com-
mittee of conference can agree. The difficulty, to
my mind, is, that after the committee does agree,
the Senate will require just what I proposed
should be done a moment ago—the reading of the
entire bill. ["Oh, no!"} very well; I am will-
ing to leave it to a conference committee.
Mr. BROWN. 1 am willing to let the Senate
bill be substituted for the House bill, for the pur-
pose of bringing the matter before a committee of
conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed; the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was road the third time, and
passed.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The House of Representa-
tives have notified us of their action on our amend*
ments to the pension appropriation bill. I think
we can dispose of it in three minutes without a
committee of conference. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives on its amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 662) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860. The
House of Representatives agreed to the third, and
disagreed to the first and second amendments of
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The House have agreed to
the amendment in regard to the reexamination of
pensioners, but have disagreed to the amendment
to strike out the pension agents. That is the
only amendment upon which there is any differ-
ence. I move that the Senate insist on its amend-
ments which have boen disagreed toby the House.
Perhaps, when the bill is sent buck, the House
may agree to our proposition, with an amend-
ment. I am inclined to think they will.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that the
House insisted upon its disagreement to the fiist
and second amendments of the Senate, to the bill
(H. R. No. 662) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1860, insisted on by the Senate.
ARTHUR EDWARDS.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move now to take up the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope the honorable Senator
will give me the two minutes that are left, between
now and twelve o'clock, to pass a small bill.
Mr. HUNTER. With the general consent of
the Senate, if they will agree that the appropria-
tion bill shall come up, I will yield to the Senator.
Mr. STUART. Certainly. I would not ask
the indulgence of the Senate if it were not in the
very hist hours that I ean be here. I have a con-
stituent who has a small bill pending which ought
to pass, and I ask the indulgence of the Senate to
take it up and pass it. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 582) for the reliefof Arthur Edwards and
his associates.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Jt proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
audit and settle the account of Arthur Edwards
and associates, for transposing the United States
through mail in their steamers, between Cleve-
land, Sandusky, and Toledo, in Ohio, and De-
troit, in Michigan, during the years from 1849 to
1853, inclusive, and to allow them not less than
§28 GO for each and every passage made by their
boats when the mail was earned.
Mr. KING. If there is a report, I should like
to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The report will be read.
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist on taking up
the appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I can state to the Senator from
New York in a word, what the case is. The ser-
vice was performed under the direction of the
local postmasters; but not being ordered by the
Department, there is no authority of law to p y
it. That'is all there is about it.
Mr. CLA^f. The money is due. Let us pay
it, and be done with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York insist on the reading of the
report ?
Mr. KING. No, sir.
Mr. STUART. There are amendments to the
bill.
The Secretary read the amendments, which are:
in line six, after the word " steamers" to strike
out(< between," and insert " from the respective
ports of;" and in line seven, strike out the word
"and" and insert14 to," and after " Michigan"
insert " and from Detroit to the respective ports
aforesaid."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allew, us Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 780) for the relief
of James Collier, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and resolution of
the Senate :
A bill (No. 255) for the relief of Anthony
Casio, a soldier in the wa r of 1812;
A bill (No. 328) for the relief of John Pickell,
late a lieutenant in the Army;
A bill (No. 604) to provide for the enrollment
and license of the brig Cumberland; and
A joint resolution (No. 69) confirming the
rank of senior flag-officer on the active service list
of the United States Navy, on Captain Charles
Stewart.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen* , its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and disagreed
to other amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 667) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
June, 1860.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 667) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed to by
the House; and on motion of Mr. Hunter:
Resolved, Th.it the Senate insist upon its Amendments
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the pait
of the Senate he appointed l y the Vice President.
Mr. Davis, Mr. Fkssenden, and Mr. Toombs
were appointed.
CIVIL APRROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall now proceed
to the consideration of the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill. I make that motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very much obliged to
the Chair for recognizing me at last. I have ad-
dressed the Chair on several occasions. I ask
the Senator from Virginia to allow me to call up
the light-house hill. It will not occupy a very
long time, probably not half an hour. I have
made several attempts to get it up, and I fear that
unless it be taken up before this appropriation
bill, it cannot come up at all. After that, I shall
be very happy to join the Senator from Virginia
in getting up his bill. I hope he will allow me
to call up the li°ht-house bill now.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot agree to give up the
appropriation bill for that. 1 hope to get this ap-
propriation bill out of the way to-day, and then
to-morrow the Senator can call up his hill. Pie
can certainly get it up in the morning hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have made effort after effort
in the morning hour, and I am so unfortunate that
I occupy a position in this Hall where I cannot
make the Chair hear me.
Mr. HUNTER. To-morrow the Senator shall
have my seat in the morning hour, if that will do
hinTany good.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ah! if I had the Senator's
voice, it would be worth more than his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 713) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1860, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was to strike out, in lines one hundred and
eighty-eight and one hundred and eighty-nine,
" $1,878," and insert " $1,095," so as to make
the clause read:
For hire of carts on the public grounds, $1,095.
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to the
original estimate.
Ihe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was to strike out " seventh," in line two hun-
dred and thirty-four, and insert " eleventh," so
as to make the clause read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase of
Messrs. Little, Brown, & Co., two thousand copies of the
eleventh volume of the Statutes'at Large tor distribution,
agreeably to act of Congress directing the distribution ofthe
other volumes, @7,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a mere verbal cor-
rection. There is ^mistake in the number of the
volume.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and ninety-six, after the word " locks," to in-
sert " ana for protection of the building," so as
to make the clause read:
For annual repairs of the Capitol, "tfater-closots, public
stables, water-pipes, pavemenb, and other walks within
the Capitol square, broken glass, and locks, and for protec-
tion of the building,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, which was to increase the appropri-
ation for repairs of Pennsylvania avenue from
$2,000 to $3,000, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was to add as a new section:
JJnd hp it. further enacted, That the power to issue and
reissue Treasmy notes, confened on the President of the
United ritatt'ft by the act entitled ■' An uet to authorize the
msue of Treasury notes," approved the 23d of December,
1851, he, and the same hereby is, revived and continued in
force from the passage of this act until the 1st day of July,
1860; and to defray the expenses thereof the sum of$5,01)0
is hereby appropriated : Provided, That the said notes may
be issued beating an mteiest riot exceeding six per centum
pei annum ; and that it shall not be necessary, a« directed
by the original act aforesaid, after the advertisement to ex-
change them for specie to the bidder or bidders who shall
agree to make s>uch exchange at the lowest late of interest
upon said notes; and that in all other respects the reissue
of said Treasury notes shall be subject to the terms and con-
ditions of the act afoiesaid.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. It was impossible to under-
stand that amendment as it was read. I ask that
it be read again.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain it, and then it
can be read. It is a mere provision to restore the
act of 1858, to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to reissue the $20,000,000 of Treasury notes.
It differs from that act m this: that it allows a
limit of six per cent, interest. It was before put
at five per cent.; but, for the rest, it is a revival
of that act.
Mr. COLLAMER. For how long?
Mr. HUNTER. Until the. 1st of July, 1860
The amendment was read.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to offer an-amend-
ment to the amendment, which I hope the Sena-
tor from Virginia will accept, or, otherwise, I shall
have to explain it. Before the amendment is read,
I will simply state what it is. It is to prevent
frauds on the revenue by the under-valuation of
imports; and it provides that the collectors shall
take the duties, as now authorized by law, in the
article itself; and that the importer shall make his
own valuations at which he will agree to let us
take what belongs to us, letting him take what
belongs to him. That is the whole of it. 1 have
called the attention of the chairrfian of the Com-
mittee on Finance to this amendment; and I hope
he will accept it as an amendment to his, so as to
