474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
The problem was a simple one: postpone as long
as possible the admission of every Territory
which formed itself into a free State; require of it
a population at least as large as that which enti-
tles a district to one member of Congress in an
old, long-settled community; admit, on the other
hand, a slaves State, as Florida and Arkansas
were admitted, at the earliest possible moment,
without regard to the number of people to be
represented; represent land and the owners of
land in the Senate; when no more States could be
carved out of the Union, make slave States abroad
by filibustering, as was? done in Texas; as was
tried and failed in Central America; as is being
tried in the northern provinces of Mexico; carve
fresh slave States of these and others, and thus
keep up the balance of power m the Senate. Such !
has been the policy.
For this we had the war with Mexico; for this
we have tolerated, if not encouraged, the piiacy
of Walker in Central America; for this our Gov-
ernment, under the dictation of South Carolina,
is watching hourly for an opportunity to quarrel
with Spain, and to seize the Island of Cuba. In
the progress of this policy it became palpable
flftat the immigration from Europe was the great
impediment to its success; more than sufficient
to add two fresh Senators yearly to the strength
of the free States; and if free States were admitted
on the same easy terms in respect to population
as the slave States. Every immigrant planted him-
self in the north and west, where labor was re-
spected, where there was work and encourage-
ment for mechanics and artisans. And it is re-
tttatkable that though they added to the nominal
representation of the free States, yet they voted
with surprising uniformity fur the so-called De-
mocracy, and aided to send Representatives and
Senators to Congress, who always voted with the
South against protection to domestic industry, and
against any restriction upon the extension of sla-
very.
The continental revolution of 1848, on the other
hand) expatriated hosts ofintolligent and patriotic
men, especially from the German Slates; men
who could appreciate the advantages they found
here, and could communicate them to their breth-
ren at home; men of fondness for freehold own-
ership and cultivation of the soil, and also to a
great extent of skill labor, diversified labor, labor
thai used machinery, and employed itself in higher
departments of handicraft industry. Thcy'had
sympathies with the arts of manufacture, the
growth .of which is abhorrent to the slave policy,
and has" no encouragement from the crecd of free
trade. Above all, their sympathies for freedom
were as old as the days when Hermania defeated
Varus and the legions of Rome; an abhorrence of
being themselves enslaved, or of witnessing the
enslavement of others, that has run in the Teu-
tonic blood from the remotest generations, and is
as madicable as the blue eyes and the flaxen hair
that has marked the Saxon since the dawn of his-
tory. It was this that stuitled South Caiohna
with the probpect of fiee Suites in Texas and the
southern States m which Germans have settled in
any numbers. It is this which in Missouri renders
emancipation" no longer a dim possibility of the
remote future, but an event no longer doubtful,
but briefly postponed.
Remember, now, that in 1854 we were startled
with intelligence of the triumph of a new paity
of Know Nothings, among the eaihest, in Rich-
mond, Virginia, and Mobile, Alabama, wheie
there were few or no citizens of foreign birth.
Think you, sir, it was fear for the Protestant
faith; or abuses in regard to the naturalization
laws; or the competition of foreign mechanics,
as was dm cose m so ninny of our northern cities,
(whose Ameiican sentiments have no sympathy
with slavery extension,) that btought into sudden
existence the new party in those southern towns.
Was it, could it have been, any effect resulting;,
or apprehended, from the increase of adopted cit-
izens among them, that gave rise to the South
American party? Not at all. It was the strength
that foreign mirnigiatiun was giving to the Fiee-
Soil sentiment, which waw breaking away from
and breaking down the Demoeiacy ol those States.
Tins was the terror n> the slave power; such was
the southern motive for repelling immigration
fiom Europe to the North, whereat had tended;
and invoking tins spirit in the free-trade policy,
v.iiich refuses to rece^iuze any ricpuety in main-
taining higher wages for labor, and thereby invit-
ing immigration.
While enjoying the winter sunshine of this de-
lightful climate, so soft and invigorating; its au-
tumn (not winter)
"Lingering in the Jap of Spring;'"
so favorable to success and prosperity, especially
in agriculture, I cannot but be impressed with the
reflection, how vastly a few terms of Free-Soil ad-
ministration of this Government would change
the condition of this District and the adjacent
States of Virginia and Maryland; how its influ-
ence would spread bloom, beauty, and fertility
over their exhausted and sterile fields; I believe
that but this one thing is needful to double the
value of the property of this city and the farm
lands of those States. Would that their noble-
hearted and hospitable citizens saw their great
pecuniary advantage in this particular,and could
regard the experiment wortny of attention, upon
their soil and their pockets I am confident that
Viiginm, teeming with population, rich in agri-
cultural, commercial, and mineral wealth, and
magnificent manufacturing facilities, would truly
become again what her extent of territory and
advantages entitle her to be, the honored Old Do-
minion, among her sisters of the Confederacy,
Think of it!
There is no reason in the world why cotton
should not be spun and woven inGeoigia and
South Carolina, alongside of the fields where it
grows. Those States have the water-power ne-
cessary to drive the looms running to waste in a
j thousand streams; they have timber and stone,
I for building, which is now worthless for want
j of any market; they have spare labor enough to
I work up, a dozen times over, all the cotton they
! can raise, for it requires four tunes as many ne-
! groes to pluck the cotton duiing the brief season
between the bloom and frost as it does to culti-
vate it during the rest of the year; and, of course,
the greater part of their time is wasted for lark of
profitable employment. The saving of transport-
ation and waste in the raw cotton would more
'| than pay for all the labor of spinning it into yarn.
Si Why, then, is it not done ? Simply because slaves
j' cannot be trusted with the management of raa-
\'. chmery; and in regions devoted to slave labor,
with scattered population and few towns, free
laborers are not to be found.
The result is that slave States raise cotton, to-
bacco, and rice, which they export; and every
shoe, every hat, every wagon, everything which
the cunning fingers of a mechanic have been em-
ployed upon, is imported from the free States, or
from Europe through the fiee States; for they have
neither ships, nor sailors, nor commerce, of their
own; and a diversity of home labor is irreconcila-
ble with the slave system; thus they obstinately
continue to laise a few crops, which must be sunt
a great distance to be manufactured and consumed.
And, though they puicha«e everything hut food,
the puichases of a community made up of slaves
;s ate not as ^ieat per head, including the owners,
I as those made for northern jails and poor-houses.
!j Returning nothing to the land, they wear it out
|j in a few years, by remorseless use, desert the
I reduced soil, which grows up into pine barrens,
!j and remove to fresh States, to wear them out in
I: turn.
:i Such has been the history of the niigiations
;! fioin Virginia to Carolina; fiom Carolina to A1 i-
hama; fiotn Alabama to Texas; compelled by the
• ' exigencies of the slave system to do but
ij farm labor themselves, they want the fire M.ues
| to do the same. They reason that Knudund e.inuot
ij buy their cotton, unless we of the Noith wdlbuv7
' of England cloth, iron and otiiei fabrics to ena-
l' hie her to pay them. Now, sir, we are averse to
|'i this unprofitable traffic, and if we con help our-
selves, we desire to manufacture the wool and cot-
jl ton ourselves, and we have mountains of coal and
'i iron in the mining and manufactuie of which we
ask to be permitted to earn remunerative wages.
" We ask to have the home market seemed to us
i: that we may not be broken down by the low-
pik'ud labor of Euiope, while we are learning to
, d«  i'.is well, and cheaply; England learned to do
so by ( neomagement and protection to her man-
uiaciures until they had icached a point beyond
danger from competition, and now she can afford
to encourage fiee tiade among other nations, for
including kier own supply, she manufacture
e.xpaits one half that
amount. Her wonderful progress in manufactur-
ing skill was learned from protection, and now it
is not needed, being able to challenge competition.
We have, by such protection as we have had,
learned to manufacture coarser descriptions of
cotton so much cheaper than England, that we
undersell her in India, China, and South Amer-
ica, notwithstanding the much lower wages she
pays.
But, say the South, expend your labor in raising
products for export to Europe, to pay for your
goods; and thus for the purpose of maintaining a
foreign market for their crops, they would force
us to the culture of breadstuff's, to feed the foreign
laborer, while he does for us what we much pre-
fer doing for ourselves. So long as their policy
controls us, we must go on scattering ourselves
wider and wider, over the West, removing fur-
ther and further from the customers whom they
would provide for us on the other side of the At-
lantic, and compelling the emigrant to be a com-
petitor with the farmer for the sale of produce,
when, if permitted to engage in the mechanic arts
! to which he has been bred, he would be a most
| valuable customer; a customer just in proportion
j to the wages he earns; for directly, or indircetly,
; every man furnishes a market for others precisely
! equivalent to the market offered to his own labor;
; every man kept at full work himself gives work
to others to the same amount, provided that they
all do not work at the same trade. When a shoe-
maker earns a dollar, that surely goes to the
baker, farmer, and caipenter^and everybody with
whom he deals; and he deals with everybody but
his fellow shoemaker, the most of his earnings
goes ultimately to the farmer, who has laised the
necessaries ol life, and the raw material for man-
ufacture; but make him a farmer instead of a
shoemaker, and you have put two men under the
necessity of going to England for a market, in-
stead of allowing them to furnish one to each
other at home, to their mutual comfort and profit
to the entire cost of transportation both ways.
in illustration of the principle just stated, per-
mit me to call the attention of this House to the
statement as toGienham Factory, Fishkill, Dutch-
ess county, taken from Hudson's Report, 461,
page 53:
Uapital, $140,000; amount of wool used in 1841, 170,333
pounds; numbei of men, wounjn, anil children employed,
]70.
To yield 170.33G pounds of wool at three pounds per head,
leqmres 56,778 bhoep, which, at one dollar per head,
is     178
The, land required to kfvp t^r.^e f-heep, at one acre
for three sheep, summer mid winter, at $20 per
aeie, which in that region is a low valuation,
gives la,926 acres, and  378,500
Farming capital in sheep and land for their keep.. 435,298
i Add to this the land neee<saiy to raise flour, beef,
j pork, vegetables, rout, &c., for the. 170 opora-
i live?- and those dependent upon them  70,000
! Total .150,-1,298
I Or nearly five dollars of fanning to one dollar of mamifac-
j luting capital.
| It is plain that we have farmers enough, from
! the fact that they raise more than is consumed at
! home, and have to send the surplus abroad. They
j want customers, not competitors; and the emi-
j grant did not come here for the puipose of en-
' gaging in a calling which he finds already over-
! done, and thus of obtaining the benefit of cheap
1 fdrm produce. If the farmer will be, or if the
{rfouth will suffer him to be, a customerto his trade,
whatever that may be, ran anything be more evi-
dent than that it is the greatest possible discourage-
ment to emigration to compel the emigrant to be
; farmer for want of other employment ? Does it
need any demonstration that the policy of look-
to tii" exportation of produce and the impor-
tation of manufactures has this tendency?
i Mr. Bo\ ce and the politicians of the South are
I'not mistaken upon this point. They see that
! free trade and slavery are identical in interest, and
both discourage immigration; and they are content
with the service of that foreigner who sustains
the free-trade doctiincsfor this end. Now, sir,
t, the leading pursuit of this country, the one in
'! which the great part of'the people earn wages, is
ii agriculture; and yet it is the pursuit in which
'! wages are the lowest. Keep them up in that,
1 render that calling remunerative, and you may be
■ sure that its wages will be spent in purchasing
; the labor, or pfoducts of the labor, of the me-
• ichanicand manufacturer. He wants customers
at home; one in his neighborhood is be'uer than
