1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
provide some means for the payment of those
notes, so rtiat we shall not be cheated at both ends.
I will forego any remarks to the Senate: for 1 pre-
sume, if he will accept it, there will be n6 objec-
tion to it whatever.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot agree to accept it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I shall have to ex-
plain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment to the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall hereaf-
ter be the duty of the several collectors, or other officers
charged with the duty of collecting the revenue from im-
ported merchandise, m all cases where the same is practi-
cable, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to take the amount of duties chargeable upon
any imported merchandise, in the article itself, according
to the proportion or rate per centum on said article ; that
is to say, if by law theie is imposed a duty of fifteen per
centum, there shall be taken fifteen from every one hun-
dred of such importation, and in that proportion for a larger
or smaller quantity, and in hke manner for all other lates
of duty. And it s-hall be the duty of the person or pei^ons
authorized by law to make entry of imported merchandise,
to accompany the entry with such invoice and other proof
of cost as is now required by law, and, in addition thereto,
to furnish an invoice, verified by the oath or affirmation of
the party making the entry, setting forth the true quantity
of die merchandise entered, and also that the portion or
packages selected for examination by the appraisers con-
tain true and fair samples of the entire importation, which
invoice shall also set foith the valuation put upon the mer-
chandise imported, or entered, by the party making the en-
try ; and the collector, or other officer, shall have the right,
and it is hereby made his duty, to determine, as he may
judge best for ihc interest of the Government of the United
States, either to retain the proportion of the merchandise
taken foi duties, or to deliver the same to the party who
made the entry of the merchandise, and, m lieu theieof, to
levy and assess the duty upon the whole amount of the
merchandise, as valued bv the party making the entry ; or
he may take the cntue amount of the merchandise entered,
at the valuation put upon the same by the party milking the
entry, and, after deducting fiom the gross sum the late per
ccntum imposed thei eon for duties, he shall pay over the
residue to the party who made entty of such merchandise ;
and m all cases where it shall be judged to be for the inter-
est of the Government to retain the merchandise taken for
duties, or to take the remainder of the importation, it shall
be the duty of the collector, or other officer, to make tale
of the same in the manner now provided by law in fuses
where goods may be taken for duties upon suspicion of un-
dervaluation. '.These provisions shall take effect from and
after the 1st day of April next, upon all merchandise im-
ported from places this side the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape
Horn, and from and after the 1st day of July next,upon all
merchandise imported from places beyond the said capes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the simple read-
%>g of the amendment wiU suggest to every Sen-
ator its object. It is simply that we .shall have
something to do with the amount on which duties
are levied. I would just as soon let a foreigner
fix the rates of duty as fix the amount on which
the duties are to be assessed. If we mean to col-
lect revenue by duties, we must have some control
over both these items—the amount on.which the
duties are levied as weil as the rate of duties. It
is proverbial throughout the country, and through-
out the world, that the importations of this coun-
try are egregiously and grossly and fraudulently
under-valued. 1 do not say in all cases, but m
veiy many cases. That, 1 believe, will be ad-
muted by those who want to get the least possi-
ble rates of duty we can impose. I do not propose
to change a single rate of duty. I am willing to
give the law of 1857 a trial for another year, if
we can have an honest valuation of the importa-
tions under it; and then, if it does not give reve-
nue enough to meet the wants of the Government,
which I confess I fear it wity not, then, I trust,
the Congress of the United States will be disposed
to increase the rates; but, until then, I am willing
to make a fair trial of it at the rates now imposed.
I have before me a tabular statement, showing
just what increased amount of duties may be ex-
pected to be collected on each schedule by this
proposition; but at this late stage of the session
it is impracticable to give a fair exposition of any-
thing to the Senate. I do not suppose the Sen-
ate is willing to listen to anybody any further
than to hear a simple suggestion as to the propo-
sitions he offers. I have talked until I have made
myself hoarse in trying to get the Senate to re-
trench, and to prevent what I thought were waste-
ful expenditures of the public money, m various
ways. I thought we started on the Post Office
appropriation bill, two days ago, with some pros-
pect oi makings reduction: but I think, when you
come to sum up the result of ourlabots, you will
find that we have appiopnated $10,0uu,000 to
make up the deficiencies m the Post Office De-
partment ioi the last ana the present year; and
that this money is only expected to last us until
next January; for the chairman of the Committee
on Finance said we should have to appropriate
again at the beginning of the next session. In
addition to that, we have increased the taxes by
postage to an extent, as estimated by the Depart-
ment, of $3,500,000 more. That makes the sum
of $13,500,000 for the postal service next year. I
was against increasing the tax, and I thought I
should get a chance to strike at the $6,000,000 de-
ficiency for next year, before thatbillgotthrough;
but despite all the vigilance I could use, the bill
went through before I could get a blow at that
$6,000,000 of deficiency for the next year, in ad-
dition to the $3,800,000 for this year. I despair,
then, of getting any retrenchment; and now, at
this late stage of the session, I am endeavoring
simply to prevent these great frauds on the rev-
enue. I think, if we can get the rates of duties
on a fair valuation of the articles, we shall go a
great way to relieve the difficulties of the Treas-
ury and the embarrassments of the country, and
the labor of the country.
1 had intended, if there was time, to show how
fallacious were the calculations of the Senator
from Virginia, who has presented this proposi-
tion for Treasury notes. I will content myself,
however, with giving a single specimen of his
logic. He said, if we wanted to increase the rev-
enue from imports, we should have to reduce the
rates of duty; we should have to reduce the
twenty-four per cent, schedule to twenty per
cent., and so on. Well, sir, two years ago the
Senator wanted to reduce the revenue, and I
should like to know whether he proposed to do it
by increasing the rates of duty? When it is sug-
gested that the rates ought to be increased, he
says, " Oh, if you want more revenue, you should
still further reduce the rates." Now, I should
like to know of the Senator from Virginia, if he
supposes the Senate of the United States can se-
riously believe that that is his intention; that, m
order to increase the revenue collected by the
present tariff, he would further reduce the rates?
That is what he s&id; and I cannot conceive that
a man who has had charge of the finances for
twelve years, and who, two years ago, defended
the reduction which was made, which I say, in
my dehberatejudgment, has produced a revulsion
unexampled in the country, would still further
reduce them m order to increase the revenue.
He went on further to show that we should re-
duce the expenditures, and all he actually pro-
posed was to change the method of makmg&he
estimates. He said the unexpended balances were
wrongly put m the estimates, and especially those
as to the civil list; and he wanted to strike off
§4,000,000 there of unexpended appropriations,
when the Secretary had estimated for only
$19,000,000; and he said in his speech that he
had expended, the year before, $30,000,000. I
have got the printed speech, but he afterwards
corrected it, and said he only spent $26,000,000;
that between nine and ten millions of the
$36,000,000 were for interest and the redemption
of the public debt, &c. Now, I have no manner
of doubt that the expenses of this Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, will
be more than are estimated by the Secretary of
the Treasury- 
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I do not like«to interrupt
the Senator's speech, but I desire to make a ques-
tion of order on his amendment before it is de- j
bated. My impression is thai the amendmentis j
not in order, and I ask the attention of the Pre- i
siding Officer to it. j
Mr. SIMMONS. I expected that a question
of order would be raised All this amendment'
does is to instruct the collectors to do what the ;
law now lequires them to do whenever there is a !
suspicion of under-valuation; and 1 say that, m ,
my opinion, there has not been one importation
of dry-goods in a hundred, for the last ten years,
that has not been under-valued. ;
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand the Sen- '
ator'samendmenr very distinctly, butitstrikes me '
as being very different from the present law. The
present law allows you to take the duty ni kind ■
in certain cases; that I know; but the Senator
proposes to take the whole cargo and sell it. I
ask him, if the whole cargo is taken, will not this
provision levy ten oi twelve per cent, more duty
than the present law? Is it not, therefore, a j!
scheme to increase the rates of duty ? ti
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. I do not require
the collectors to take the whole cargo, t merely
requite them to take so much of it as is due to
the Government for duties; and with regard to
taking the rest, that is a mere option of. the col-
lector to prevent under-valuation.
Mr. HUNTER. To take the duty in load, is
the present law. The collector can do that now
where he suspects under-valuation; but, if I .un-
derstand this amendment, it proposes to allow the
collector to take the whole cargo at the invoice
valuation, and sell it for the benefit of the United
States.
Mr. SIMMONS. If a man enters goods, and
the collector believes that they are grossly under-
valued, I propose that the man snail part with
them at what he values them at, if the collector
deems it for the interest of the Government to
take them.
Mr. SEWARD. As a penalty?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, as a penalty. I mean
that in regard to taking that portion of the goods
which is not due to the Government for duties,
the collector can exercise his judgment. It will
be a wholesome check on the importers, when
they know that when they put a valuation on
their merchandise, it is liable to be taken at the
value they themselves fix. That is all there is in
it; and that is the law in England. I have the
English statute before me, and can refer to it, if
necessary. When a man there enters a thousand
pounds value of goods, he puts his valuation on
them and pays his duty, and the Government has
seven days to say whether u will take the goods
according to his valuation, or will take the duties
and let him keep the goods. When this point of
order was raised I was about —
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Stuart
in the chair ) The Chair will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that the Senator from
North Carolina raises a question of order as to
the admissybility of the amendment; and since the
question was raised the Chair has read the amend-
ment, and is inclined to the opinion that it is a
provision for raising revenue, and therefore is not
in order to be offered in the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall have to appeal from
that decision, and I think the Chair will see 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state the question. The
Chair decides that the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Rhode Island is not in order,
being a provision to raise revenue, which is ex-
cluded by the Constitution fi'om origination in
this body. From this decision the Senator from
Rhode Island appeals. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire that the amend-
ment shall be read again, in order that the Senate
may fully understand it.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the point of
order which is made is, that my amendment to
the amendment is not in order, because it is m
the nature of a bill for raising revenue, which,
under the Constitution, cannot originate in the
Senate. Now, I should hke to know if the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee is not a provi-
sion to supply the Treasury with resources for
carrying on the Government? It is a proposition
to put upon an appropriation bill a provision to
raise $20,000,000 of money upon the credit of
the Government, and when a pioposition to amend
such a measure as that is made, it is said that it
cannot originate in the Senate. The same rulo
that would apply to the amendment I propose,
which is merely and solely a regulation declaring
what shall be the duty of the collectors of cus-
toms, would cut off the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance. My amendment does not im-
pose a farthing additional percentage, not one
tenth part of one cent on anything. It simply
obliges the collectors to apply, in ali cases, a reg-
ulation now existing by law in certain eases.
1 should say, stiictly speaking, that the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee is a money bill,
and by the general theory of our Constitution all
money bills here, as ijj the British Parliament,
shouicl originate in the House of Commons. That
is the rule under the British constitution, and it
is carrying out that theory in ours which requires
revenue bills to originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives. Eut this is not a revenue bill. The
