1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
only part of it which raises any money is the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, and
that is, strictly speaking, a money bill; and under
any analogy that you can draw between our Con-
stitution and that of England, it cannot originate
in the Senate. But we have been in the habit of
overlooking these nice points, and I suppose now
that this is a system of finesse to put on the
amendment of the Finance Committee in the Sen-
ate, and then by raising a question of order to
prevent our getting anything to pay these notes
with, but there is no reason or sense in such an
objection. I say we can make any regulation we
please. "We can say upon this amendment that
we will provide such and such means to pay this
debt; that we will put five per cent, duty upon
- everything to pay this debt. That we can do,
but this is nothing like as broad as that. I will
read the provision of the present law in regard to
taking the duties in kind:
" Sec. 18. JlnH beit further enacted, That the seveial col-
lectors be, and they arc hereby, authorized, under such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whenever they shall deem it necessary to piotect and
secure the revenue of the United States agamst frauds or
undervaluations, and the same is practicable, to take the
amount of duties chargeable on any article bearing an ad
valorem rate of duty, iu the article itself, according to the
proportion or rate per centunj of the duty on said article 5
and such goods, so taken, the collector shall cause to be
sold at public auction, within twenty days from the time of
taking the same, in the manner prescribed in this act, and
place the proceeds arising from such sale iu the Treasury
of the United States."
That is the law now, and has boon the law for
the last sixteen years. Now, I simply alter that
so as to-say that in all cases where it is practi-
cable the collector shall proceed in that manner.
I should like to know if we cannot give that di-
rection to our collectors without having a point
of order raised that it originates in the Senate ? It
is the provision of the existing law in every case
where the collector suspects there is an under-
valuation; and I say there is good reason for the
Congress of the United States to suspect that all
these goods are under-valued; but whether they
suspect it or not, it is a sound principle of public
policy to secure the collection of the per cent, of
duty that you impose by law. This provision
can operate,no hardship. I agree that it will col-
lcct more revenue. I oxpect that it will collcct
more revenue, or I would not offer it; and if you
do not collcct the revenue you actually impose,
and prevent these frauds, you must vastly in-
crease your rates pf duty; and as you increase
the rates of duty, you offer additional induce-
ments to fraud and under-valuution. The lower
the rates arc, provided you can get the revenue,
the better they will suit mc. 1 only ask you to
stop cheating. I do not want, I never have want-
ed, a large overgrown tariff, so that people who
Have to get their living by hard labor may think
they have margin enough to go to sleep on. I
want a tariff, so that every man will have to buckle
on his armor for a living, and work as he should
do, and not depend on the Government; but at
the same time, I do not want it so hard that he
will have to work like a galley-slave and pine at
the oar. Give labor a fair chance, and let it not
be defrauded by those scheming men who are
about us all over the country. 1 wish the Sena-
tor from North Carolina would withdraw the
point of order, and let us take a vote directly upon
the nioposition itself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Senate will in-
dulge me in a few words on the point of order.
The Senator from Rhode Island admits that his
proposition is to increase or raise revenue. He
says, however, that it is no more objectionable
than the Tieasury note amendment. I take it
that the Treasury "note amendment, in fact, is not
liable to this objection. If I understand it aright,
it is a proposition that when the outstanding
Treasury notes fall due, they may be reissued. It
is not even to create a debt, but it is to prevent
the payment of a debt m cash, by giving new
notes for it. The Senator may argue that those
notes have to be met, and that a liability is im-
posed on the Government thereby; but that is
true in every instance of appropriation. When-
ever we appropriatemoneyforany purpose; when
the Senate appropriates money for printing, or
anything else, there is a liability on the Treas-
ury. It is the same way when you issue Treas-
ury notes; you merely make an acknowledgment
of a debt. The Senate will remember that when
the French spoliation bill was passed, there was
a provision ift it for issuing Treasury notes to pay
the claims. That is constantly done, and there
is a broad distinction, which has been taken from
the foundation ofthe Government, between mere-
ly creating a debt, or making an appropriation,
which the Senate constantly does, and raising rev-
enue. The Treasury note amendment falls within
the class of appropriations like the French spoli-
ation bill. In point of fact it is merely to provide
for the reissuing of notes already outstanding.
That is a very different thing from a proposition
to impose taxes, or to increase taxes, which, of
course, is meant by the constitutional provision.
Upon the gentleman's own statement, this is
clearly a proposition to raise revenue, like any
other tax bill, and 1 think it clear that the Chair
has decided right on this question of order, and
if it can be gotten rid of in that way, very well.
This question, too, is one which arises out of
the Constitution itself. We cannot waive a con-
stitutional provision. I do not see how Senators
can sit still and allow the Constitution to be vio-
lated, if their attention is called to it. This ob-
jection is founded upon the Constitution itself,
and must be adhered to. There are some of our
rules of order on which you may make a point
that may be waived by general consent, but I take-
it that general consent will not do away with a
constitutional provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator from North Carolina answer one ques-
tion. The constitutional prohibition is against
" bills for raising revenue." Now I want him to
explain how this amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island raises revenue ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Island admitted it in his own argument. I so con-
strued it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 want the Senator to
explain in what way it operates to raise revenue.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By increasing the present
taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does it increase the
present taxes ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I leave the gentleman to
ask the mover of it, who admitted that such was
the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking about
raising revenue. I want to know, how it does it ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, this is a
question that, in point of consequence, goes very
far beyond ordinary questions of order. It is
no^so much aquestionof order foryou to decide,
sir, as it is a great constitutional principle which
you have undertaken to decide. I mean this in
110 discourteous spirit, but I say you have no
right, in my humble judgment, to decide it as a
question of order. It is a question whether the
Senate of the United States arc competent to do
the act proposed. If the Senate are not compe-
tent to do it, then I admit the gentleman ought
not to have moved it; but does not that show that
you are deciding a question of power in the Sen-
ate? Is the Constitution to be brought in, in ad-
dition to our rules; and made a rule for the action
of the Presiding Officer? No, sir; you have no
right to decide any amendment out of order, be-
cause, in your opinion, it is contrary to the Con-
stitution.
We have known the time when there was a
great difference of opinion here, as to the rightof
the Government to make appropriations for ob-
jects of internal improvement. There are many
gentlemen here now who think that such acts are
unconstitutional, and that we have no power to
pass them. Suppose you to be one of the party
who thinks Congress itself has not that power,
would you have a right to assume to decide that
question as a mere point of order? Was it ever
done, or attempted to be done? If it is out of
order for any gentleman here to move an amend-
ment which, in yonr opinion, it is beyond the
competency of the Senate itself to pass, surely
for a stronger reason it is out of order to propose
anything that the whole Congress cannot do.
In my judgment, it is going far beyond any
power conferred by the mere rules of order or
proceeding in this body. It is deciding, by the
solitary voice of the Speaker, a question of Con-
stitution—that is the amount of it. I think, there-
fore, that the Chair ought not to assume jurisdic-
tion of any such question. If it is, in the opinion
of the Senate, contrary to the Constitution which '
you decide as a matter of order, they can decide
it when they come finally to vote upon the meas-
ure; and they will decide it; and it is their right
to decide it. The question is, whether we will
surrender our right to decide constitutional ques-
tions to the arbitrament of any one who happens
to occupy the chair. No matter how respectable,
no matter how superior in intellect or capacity he
may be, the Senate will not surrender to him its
power to determine, as a constitutional matter,
whatever is brought into question as in conflict
with the Constitution.
But, besides that, this objection to the decision,
which is an objection to the competency of the
judge, an objection to the competency of the Chair
itself, I say that, supposing the Chair to be com-
petent to decide the question, in my poor judg-
ment, the decision is clearly wrong. In the sense
of the Constitution, is this a proposition to raise
revenue? That is the question. The question
is not whether, by rambling through all the pos-
sible or imaginary consequences of the measure,
you cannot find that, in point of fact, revenue will
be increased or diminished by it. Otherwise the
chairman would be put to a very laborious and
a very delicate species of logic before he could
decide a question of order, to determine upon the
latitude and consequences of any proposition to
increase revenue. If an amendment had been
proposed to punish smuggling, would you have
decided that that was out of order, because it
tended to increase the revenue ? No, sir; nobody
would ever have thought of such a thing. Is the
power of the Senate to be circumscribed and cur-
tailed in this way? It is only from originating
bills for raising revenue that we are prohibited;
but if, by possible logical or imaginary conse-
quence, you are to say that this measure will, in
some way or other, by making men honest, or
by punishing smuggling, incre*\se the revenue,
you can rule it out of order as a bill to raise rev-
enue, we are very much shorn and diminished of
power. It cannot be so, sir.
This amendment proposes no increase of taxes
—no increase of duties. It proposes to collect,
by a different mode, supposed to be most agreea-
ble to the public interests, and most productive to
the public Treasury, the revenue which you have
already allowed and provided for. That is the
effect of the measure. It changes the mode of col-
lection. Can we not change the mode of collectiorf^
because we are prohibited from imposing addi-
tional duties ? Are we impliedly restrained in any
other respect ? Are we impliedly restrained from
changing or altering the mode of collecting du-
ties ? I think we are not.
I do not know much about the rules of order
here, und generally care very little about the de-
cisions that are rendered on them, being perfectly
willing to accord to any decision that may be
made on matters of so little consequence as mere
questions of order generally are; but when con-
stitutional constructions ana constitutional pow-
ers are involved in a question of order, it seems
to me it becomes the Senate then to look at it in
a different point of view, and to regard it with the
proper consideration.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont will allow the Chair a moment. A
similar question was raised at the last session, and
the impression of  the present occupant of the
chair is, that he was then in the chair. At all
events, he agrees with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that the question should be determined
by the Senate itself; and under the rules it iscom-
petent for the Chair to submit any question of
order to the Senate. The Chair, therefore, will
withdraw the decision he has made, and submit
the question to the Senate: " Will the Senate re-
ceive this amendment?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to that also.
That is not the form in which 1 am entitled to
have discussed, and to decide upon a constitu-
tional question. If you have no right to decide
it yourself, sir, you have no right to have it de-
cided by this body as a question of order.' We
will decide it as a question of Constitution; but
! we will decide that point, not upon a question
j propounded by the Chair as one of mere order—
j we will decide it as constituting a part of the
1 merits of this proposition, upon which we are to
J vote. We will vote for it, or against it, when it
  is finally submitted to the judgment of the Sen-
