416"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
ply this : this is one of those railroad grants
which hangs upon the condition prescribed in the
bill. If the State to-whieh the grant is made com-
plies .with the conditions upon which Congress
grants the land, then the title passes; otherwise
not. Those are the terms of the original grant.
Now, the character of this bill is such as to con for
absolutely on those States all the land which was
granted in the original act. One of the term's of
the grant is, that unless the road be completed
within ten years, the title fails. It will be seen
that this.bill proposes to extend the t^mejimited
in the original act to 1865, but does not make the
title of the lands to depend upon the completion
of the road in 1865; it gives the title absolutely.
This is one of a large class of cases; and if Con-
gress begins now to ratify these grants, and to
make them absolute, witfiout any performance of
the condition of building the road, what is the
consequence? You give the companies to whom
the State h s granted the land the entire benefit
of the grant, without imposing on them the con-
struction of the road. You therefore not only do
great injustice to the national Goverment, but
equal injustice to the States to which the grants
were made.
I am speaking, I confess, very much in the
dark on this question, for there is no report with
the bill. The Senator states that the State has its
patent. My understanding is, that the General
Government gives no patent in railroad grants at
all until the road is made. A bill was passed here
some time ago authorizing patents to be issued;
but whether it has ever passed the House of Rep-
resentatives or not, and met the approval of the
President, I am not aware. We passed that bill
in the Senate upon the ground that, although the
law making the grantgives the tide, yet that there
was no evidence of title to put on record, and that
these railroad companies had been interfered with
by speculators, who frighten those who desire to
purchase of them, by saying, look at the records
of the county, and you will not find any evidence
that the company owns the land. Instances of
this sort have occurred in Illinois.
Then, again, the purchasers were told to be-
ware, because there is a condition in the law that
the railroad, when constructed, shall carry the
mails, and the treasure, and the troops of the
United States; and if they ever faded to do that,
the purchasers would lose their titles. Thus a
cloud was thrown over the title, and the Commit-
tee on Public Lands reported, some time ago, a
bill, which was passed here, authorizing the issu-
ing of a patent whenever the terms of the grant
had been complied with, so as to settle that ques-
tion; but; as I understand, that has never passed
into a law. Now, I think that this bill should lie
over to be examined.
Mr. GW1N. Let it go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi is correct, there is no evil growingout of it.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator is chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, and if there is
any degree of difficulty in this bill, I have no ob-
jection to its going to the committee. I do not
want it to lie 011 the table, but I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lands; and on
that motion I desire to say one word. I may
have gone too far in saying that there was a pat-
ent issued, but I had not gone so far as to suy
that the title had been confirmed in the State.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the objection stated by
the Senator from Michigan is complete upon lus
premises. I believe, however, ho is somewhat
mistaken in the case. This bill relates only to
that portion of the road which has been con-
structed. No grants have passed except where
the road has been constructed, and the conditions
fully complied with; but I am willing to have it
examined.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I want to make an appeal to the
Senate to take up the railroad bill to-day, and dis-
pose of it. If we take it up now, I think we can
certainly dispose of it during the day. The pub-
lic business behind this measure is absolutely
suffering, and 1 cannot be responsible any longer
for pressing this measure on the Senate after to-
day. I hope it will be taken upand disposed of.
It has been before the Senate now for weeks; and
if it is taken up to-day, and if we vote on the va-
rious propositions, we can dfspose of the subject.
I hope the chairman of the'Fmance Committee
will let us vote On it, and 1 pledge myself to him
I will never call it up again. Others may do it,
but I will not. All I want is to have this day for
a final disposition of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to say to the Senator
frojm California that the pension appropriation bill
can be passed directly. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] has assured me he will make no
further objection. It was understood yesterday
that it was laid aside by consent, to be taken up
again this morning. Allow me to take that bill up,
and it will be out of the way in fifteen minutes.
Mr. GWIN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Petitions are
now in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRCJMEULL presented the petition of
Jacob V. A.Wemple and George Westinghouse,
praying that the Commissioner of Patents may
be authorized to hear and determine their appli-
cation for an extension of a patent for an im-
proved grain separator; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Ho also presented the petition of Lewis C.
Underwood, praying to be allowed the right of
preemption to a certain tract of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Charles
C. Waldren, manager and superintendent of a
company established for the purpose of connect-
ing the United States with Cuba by means of a
subterranean telegraph, praying that the President
of the United States may be authorized to con-
tract with him for the transmission of Govern-
ment dispatches; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. And, in connection
therewith, he submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolve(1, That the Committee on Vaval Affairs inquire
into the expediency of connecting the fortification and navai
htfuiou at Garden Key (Torlugas) vvitll the lines of tele-
graph now constructing to Key West and Cuba.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am requested to present the
memorial of Henry O'Rielly, John J. Speed, jr.,
and Tal. P. Shaffner, proposing to complete a tele-
graph connection between the Atlantic and Pacific
States, by the commencement of the^next session
of Congress, in December. The memorialists state
that if the Senate pass tho bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, atthe last session,"
they pledge themselves that one line of telegraph
to the Pacific shall be opened for the transmission
of messages by the opening of Congress at the
next session. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Tho motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the letter from the Secre-
tary of State, communicating a copy of a letter
from the minister resident of Bremen, inviting the
attention of the Government to the proposition of
a citizen of Bremenhaven, (Mr. J. H. Eits,) for
testing his invention for preventing the destruction
of vessels by fire,reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 788) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to grant a register
to the schooner William A. Hamill, reported it
without amendment, and with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referred two petitions of business
men on the northwestern lakes, praying that an
appropriation may be made to ascertain whether
Professor Ballot's rule, by which the approach of
storms maybe foretold, is applicable to the lakes,
have instructed me to make an adverse report. I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the same committee, during the last session,
reported adversely on these same petitions, and
in violation of the rule of the Senate, which, as I
understand, inhibits the taking from the files and
referring back to the committee,any matter which
has once been reported upon adversely, these
papers have been recommitted, and yet no addi-
tional testimony has been submitted.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on 'Commerce,
who were instructed by a resolution of the Senate
of May 28,1858, to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to preserve the works
heretofore commenced to protect the harbor of
San Diego; also to survey the rivers and harbors
in the State of California, have instructed me to
ask to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, on the ground that it is inexpedient at this
time to legislate on the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 62) explanatory of an act approved March
3, 1855, entitled "An act in addition to.certam
acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who hay£ been engaged in the military
service of thetJnited States," have instructed me
to ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, on the ground that the resolution had
already been reported upon adversely by another
committee of the Senate at the present session,
and the Judiciary Committee did not think it ex-
pedient to exercise appellate power over the action
of another committee of the Senate.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy, communicating
a statement of contracts made under the cogni-
zance of the bureau of yards and docks, during
the year 1858, reported adversely thereon; and
the report was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, who were instructed, by a resolution of the
Senate, to inquire into the expediency of equaliz-
ing the salaries of the Governors of New Mexico
and Oregon, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Ruth Ellen Greland, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 519) for the
relief of Ruth Ellen Greland, widow of John H.
Greland, deceased.
The bill was renfd,and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Varnev, a sol-
dier in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed a
pension on account of a disability contracted in
the service, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Samuel Warner,
Henry Schoonover, Jacob Riffel, Isaac Cutright,
Isaac White, and George Butcher, severally pray-
ing a pension, reported adversely thereon.
E-Ie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William B. Herrick,
a surgeon in the Army during the war with Mex-
ico, praying to be allowed a pension, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah Hutton, daugh-
ter and heir of Jane Baker, praying to be allowed
a pension on account of the services of Thomas
Baker, in the war of the Revolution, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Carl Becher, of New
York, asking an increase of pension, reported ad-
versely thereon.
SENATORIAL ELECTIONS.
Mr..COLLAMER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 481) to prescribe the time and
manner of holding elections for Senators of the
United States, to report it back with an amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute. I am further
instructed by the committee to move that the bill
be made the special order for an early day—say
Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
JANE PERRY.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
518) for the relief of Jane Perry; which was read
twice by its title. •
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to state briefly
that when I was not in the Senate, or when my
attention was diverted, areportof the Committee
on Pensions, adverse to a similar bill, was, at an
early day of the session, concurred in with a great
many other adverse reports; and that, as I desire
to have a hearing on the subject, 011 the merits of
the case, I introduce this bill for the purpose of
reinstating the question. I move that the bill be
: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
