478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
whom the contract aforesaid may be made shall proceed
without delay to locate the general loute of said road, and
furni&h a detailed survey and map thereof to the President,
who shall cause the pubJtc lands, to the extentof forty miles
on each side of the said road, to besurveyed,andthe Indian
title thereto to be extinguished as soon as practicable ; and
the provisions of the act of Septembers 1841, granting pre-
emption rights, and the acts amendatory thereof, shall be,
ana the same are hereby, extended to the lands thus sur-
veyed excepting those herein set apart and appropriated for
the use of the said road.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in making said
contiaet,it shall be stipulated that the said road be divided
iuto sections of twenty-five miles each, and that none of
said lands are to be conveyed to the contracting party until
one section is completed and put into successful operation,
• when the President shall convey by patent to the contracting
party three fourths of the land pertaining to the secttorvso
completed, retaining the other fourth as security for the
completion of the next section of twenty five miles; and
when the next is completed, the President shall, in like man-
ner, convey to the contracting pai ty three fourths of the land
pertaining'to that section, together with the reserved one
fouith on the previous section ; and so on with each suc-
ceeding section, conveying three fourths and retaining one
fourth as security for the completion of the next until the
last section qfljtlie load is finished and put into operation,
when the President shall convey to the contracting party the
residue of the lands hcteby appropriated.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the land of the
United States, for twohundred feet in width, along the en-
lire line of said road, is hereby set apart and dedicated for
railroad and such other purposes, not incompatible with
this grant, as Congress may authorise and direct; and the
party contracting lor said road ma"$ take any earth, stone,
timber, or other necessary materials, for construction and
keeping in repair of the road, within the said two bundled
feei, subject to such regulations as Congress may pro-
vide.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the contracting
party for, or owners of, said road may at anytime constiuct
one or more additional hacks, within the two hundred fuPt
set apart for the right of way; ami it shall be the duty of said
contracting party, or owners of said road, to permit any other
•railroad, which shall he authouzed to be built by the Legis-
lature of any Territory or State, in which the same may be
situated, to form connections with it on lair and equal
terms.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Pios-ident bo,
and lie is hcteby, authouzed to enter into contracts for the
transportation, under the direction of the ptopei Depart-
ments, on the said road, when completed, and foi any avail-
able pan thereof, while said road is, m com-so oi construc-
tion, lor the period of twenty years, ol the United States
mails, and all mihtaty and n.ival supplies, tioop-j, seam<jn,
passehgeis, arid freights of all kinds, toi Government pur-
pose*, with the limitation that the price to be paid shall not
exceed that which the Government would necessarily pay
by any existing means of transporiation, noi in tune of war
be higher than the rates stipulated for m tune of peace
Sec. 9 And be it further enacted, That in any ca^e where
the passengers-and freight shall be'greater than the trans-
poiting capacity of the road, the Government shall have pn-
oi ity of right tor all purpose* of transportation.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, lor and in con-
sideration of the advantages thus to be secuied to the Uni-
ted States in the u^e of said road, and fuiihtr to aid m the
consumption of said road, $10,000,000 aie hcteby appropri-
ated, to be advanced upon the following conditions and pio-
Visions, to wit: As a guarantee ot the faithful purfotmance
of the contract hereinbefore described, the contacting partv
shall deposit with the Secretaiy of the Treasuiy the sum of
$•500,000, in bonds oi certificates ol stock ot the United
fttatcs, which may be subsequently witbdinwn, in sums of
.$•10,000. as the work progresses, on pioduction of voucheis
ph owing, to the satisfaction of the Seerctai y of the Treasury,
that an amount equal thereto has been expended in the con-
struction ot said load. When one twentieth part oi the line
of said load, located as hereinbefore described, is completed
nnd put in successful operation, the President shall cause
to be advanced to the contracting patty one twentieth part,
less ten per centum, of the whole sum of money herein ap-
propriated. And, in like manner, when each succeeding
section of equal extent is completed and put in successful
operation, an equal amount shall be advanced to the con-
tacting party, until the whole road is completed, when the
ten pei centum reserved shall be advanced to the contract-
ing party, as hereinbefore provided.
Sao. 11. And be it further enacted, That until the sum
of money thus advanced to aid m the construction of the
road shall have been repaid to the United States, no divi-
dends shall be declaied to the stockholders of said road, nor
othnr sum be retained by the contracting party than that
which may be necessary for the maintenance and success-
lul operation of the roa'd.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That until the said
contracting party or owners shall have fullyreimbuised the
United States for the advance of money herein authorized
to be made, they shall keep books m winch shall be entered
regular statement*! of all disbursements, expenditures, and
receipts, setting forth specifically the objectsof said expend-
itures, and the sources whence said receipts are derived,
together with a pai ticular account of all accidents that may
occur affecting property or persons, or causing dela\s upon
the road ; which hooks shall be open at all times to the in-
spection of the President of the United States, or any poi-
son authorized by htm to examine the same, and to the
members of each House of Congress ; and the contracting
party or owners shall make a report thereof annually to the
President of the United States, on the 1st day of October
in each year, accompanied by a minute and detailed exhibit
of the expenditures and piofi'tsofsaid road for the year pre-
ceding, to be attested by the oaths of their secietary and
treasurer; which report shall be transmitted to Congress at
the commencement of each session.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That should said con-
tracting party neglect, lefuse, orm any way fail, to prose-
cute the work undertaken by them m'a manner to secure
the completion thereof m compliance with the contract,
then all rights of said contracting party to the said load,
right of way, lands, or other property pertaining thereto, in-
cluding such amount of the sums of money advanced, if
any, that may remain unexpended, shall be and become
forfeited, and the United States may enter upon and retain
the same. Intheeventof such forfeiture, to be determined
by the President of the United States, he shall proceed to
lelet that portion of the road reruaininguncompleted under
such forfeited contract, and provide for the disposition of
the work in such a manner as will secure the eaihest com-
pletion of the road in conformity with the provisions of this
act: Provided, That he shall not stipulate, on the part of
the United States, for any higher or other terms than are
authorized and provided for in this act.
Sec. 14. And beit further enacted, Thatthe proposalsfor
establishing the railroad communication, and performing
the service hereinbefore described, shall be opened by the
Presidentof the United States after due notice, in the pres-
ence of the Cabinet and such persons as may choose to at
tend; and ho is hereby authorized anddnected to enter into
contracts for establishing the railroad communication, and
for the transportation provided for m this act with the party
whose proposal shall be by htm deemed most advantageous
to the United States, for the full and complete performance
of said contracts, in compliance with the provisions of this
act. All questions of damages and forfeitures by reason of
any breach of said contracts shall be determined by the ex-
press terms and conditions ol the same: Provided, That
this act shall be taken and considered as pait of any con-
tact that may be made, in accordance with its piovisions,
in like manner as if the same was set forth in said contract.
Mr. SEWARD. "Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi be good enough to state the gen-
eral effect of his amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. The general effoct of the amend-
ment will be to appropriate $10,000,000 and ten
sections per mile of land, to constiuct a railroad
across the territory lying between the States of
the Atlantic ai\d the Pacific, leaving parties who
propose to construct the road to name whatever
location they please, and submit their proposals to
the President. The other conditions, as to trans-
portation, are hke those of the bill. In relation to
the receipts of the road, however, there is this dif-
ference: that, instead of requiring the proceeds of
the road to be paid into the Treasury to remuner-
ate the Government for its advances, this requires
only the net proceeds to be paid in, so as to pre-
vent the hazard of the failure of the company for
the want of means to carry on the road; and, above
all things, to secure the Government from having
the road forfeited and thrown upon itshanda. The
$10,000,000 in this case, as the unnamed sum in
the bill as amended, is to be refunded to the Gov-
ernment in the form of net proceeds to be paid
into the Treasury, and in the form of advantages
sccureu for the transportation of jhe Govern-
ment.
These are the main differences between the two
propositions; the substitute enters not the limits
of a State. It does not assume to give authority
to any company, or to create any company, for
the construction of a road within the limits of a
State. It has no termini indicated; leaving it to
free inquiry as to where a road, with a given sum
of money, can be built, that given sum having
been determined by the belief I entertain that it
would build a road at one point across the terri-
tory; and I leave others to determine whether it
will build it elsewhere.
Having satisfied myself that there was one line
on which a road could be built with this grant,
then I say it is not proper that the United States
should give one dollar more. We are here as
agents; agents of the people to whom this money
belongs. Is there a Senator who would add to
the amount for which, he could have a service
performed, in order that he might induce some
one to perform a work elsewhere than a particu-
lar place which was found to be most practica-
ble and economical? It is to be remembered that
we have no right to be liberal; we have no right
to appropriate money for the benefit either of in-
dividuals or of sections. We are restricted to
the appropriation of money to answer the ends
of the Government; and if agiven sum will attain
the service which the Government requires, we
are in honesty bound not to appropriate more. I
am quite aware that when this proposition was
first submitted, my friend fiom Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] with whom I had served on the commit-
tee, and to whom I always listen with the great-
est respect, proposed to offer another proposition
in the form of an amendment, that, if this south-
ern ro! d was built, there should also be a northern
road on similar conditions. As I have said noth-
ing about a southern road, one of two conclusions
was inevitable—either that he supposed 1 must
think of the southern road, or that he knew, if a
given amount"of money only was appropriated,
and contractors were left to go wherethey pleased,
they must locate it on the southern route.
Mr. FOOT. The honorable Senator will allow
me to state here, that at the time I made the re-
mark to which the Senator alludes, I was under
a misapprehension as to the character of the Sen-
ator's bill. ^ I supposed it did locate the road, or
the termini at all events, so that inevitably it
would construct a southern road and exclude all
other lines.
Mr. DAVIS. I can very well understand that
the Senator might have fallen into that error, be-
cause it had been imposed upon me as an official
duty some years since to announce, as the con-
clusion I derived from certain explorations, which
route was the most practical and economical. In
accordance with the directions of Congress, and
in the performance of that official duty, I gave my
opinion to Congress, and that opinion was in favor
of the route which the Senator supposed I had in-
dicated in the substitute.
The first question, it strikes me, which meets
us in the consideration of this question, is the
necessity for a railroad across the continent. If
there be no necessity for the railroad for Govern-
ment purposes; if it be merely to facilitate migra-
tion across the continent, to encourage settlement
along the line of the road, without contributing
in any degree to the ends for which the Govern-
ment was instituted, without enabling it to per-
form the duty which was imposed upon it; with-
out, I say, being necessary to the full execution
of its duty, then I hold there is no constitutional
power to build it. Therefore,in the frontground
with me, the question is, is the road necessary?
I hold it to be necessary in time of peace; neces-i
sary for that intercourse which alone can hold
the different pai ts of our wide-expanded Republic
together. Separated as we are by an interme-
diate desert, fronting as we do upon different
oceans, looking out to the teeming population of
Asia on one side and the active people of Europe
upon the other, it must ensue, whenever our Pa-
cific possessions are peopled, that they will have
different interests; they will have an opposite com-
merce; and if they are required to come to a for-
eign country, to look over an impassable moun-
tain, to learn here by whatlaws they shall be gov-
erned; and if our commerce is to continue as sep-
arate, as opposite, as it will be unless these two
parts arc more nearly linked together, the finger
of destiny points inevitably to a separation of the
two parts of the United States, fronting on these
two great oceans.
In the history of man, and history is said to be
philosophy teaching by example, we find no in-
stance where a country has maintained the integ-
rity of its territory if that territory was riven by a
chain of mountains. We find the warlike and
semi-barbarous hordes of Asia running over the
south of Europe; at one time a single military
hero covering all the vast plains which lay be-
neath him; but soon we find those conquering
regions separating from the people from whom
they emanated, and in but a short time thereafter
the States they had conquered again divided into
the geographical limits they had before the inva-
sion. And so, at a more modern period, .Napoleon
carried his conquering armies over the Alps and
over the Pyrennees; but those barriers which the
hand of nature had placed again demanded the
separation of the country into its original parts;
and soon after the conquest we find Prance again
reduced to the base line between those mountain
ridges, and there to-day she stands as before her
imperial conquests.
Then looking north, along the Rhine, where the
division was merely conventional, where there
was no great barrier that of itself separated men,
you find that the soil has been drenched, and may
be said to have been fertilized, with the blood of
contending armies.
Thus inevitably do we reach the conclusion that
mountains divide a people, and rivers unite them.
But we are not divided merely by a mountain
ridge, along each base of which, ana up the slopes
of which, a teeming population may hereafter
live; but we are divided by a system of mount-
ains; and in addition to this system of mount-
ains we have intermediate desert plains, where,
save here and there some irrigable spot, agricul-
tural man can never reside. Then the question
presents itself, shall we share the fate which his-
tory points to all nations which preceded us ?
