1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
Shall we allow our territory to be divided? Shall
the United States commence her downward step
by losing the rich possessions she now holds on
the. Pacific as the inevitable consequence of that
separation which mountains and deserts demand ?
Or shall we use the power which science and art
and the progress of civilization have conferred
upon man, overcome the physical obstacle,-bind
these two parts together, and hold this country one
and indivisible forever? These are questions
which I think it belongs to the statesman to con-
sider. Though it may be easy in cant phrase to
speak of the impropriety of using tlie power of the
Government to make a'railroad, and of leaving it
to be done as such roads have been made from here
to Baltimore, and from here to Fredericksburg;
is there a man of sound judgment and patient in-
quiry who does not know that he speaks of that
which is an impossibility; and that, wait as long
as we may, ho will see the day when separation
will occur long before he sees the population
wlwch can build that road from its own resources ?
But, Mr. President, a point has been specially
directed against myself in the course of this de-
bate; and I may say here that it has been my mis-
fortune, of those with whom I generally act, and
those who represent the same population with
myself, to stand alone. I believe I stand upon the
undying rock of truth. I believe I stand upon the
interests of the country. I believe I am propelled
by a high duty devolved upon me; and though
assailed by my friends on the one side, and by
my old political opponents on_tho other, I trust I
sh^p stand unmoved. What, sir, is the argument
so constantly directed against the military neces-
sity of this road? It is that the period is rapidly
ariiving when the population on the shores of the
Pacific can defend itself; that the ocean and isth-
mus routes afford now the means of transporting
by sea what we propose to transport by land. Un-
less they shall develop an agricultural capacity not
yet believed to exist there, unless the people there
shall be drawn into a different pursuit, and,instead
of being tributary to the wealth of the Atlantic
slope and the Mississippi valley by consuming the
products of agriculture, shall become an agricul-
tural people themselves, the day can never arrive
when they will maintain from their own agricul-
tural resources the population which will be neces-
sary to defend that coast.
Take the most remote period to which the eye
of prophecy may think proper to look, and still
you find staring you in the face the necessity that
you must draw your resources from the valley of
the Mississippi. In any contingency of war it is
hardly needful to argue that it would be impossi-
ble to draw those resources from that valley (by
sea. I say it is impossible in any condition of the
country that I can foresee. 1 grant that it is in the
power of the American people to construct a navy
to sweep the ocean down to the cape, and up the
ocean beyond the possessions of the United States;
but this would cost millions, where thousands
would suffice with a more economical mode of
transportation. Arc we ready, through the long
years of peace, to maintain a navy of such a size
as this ? Are we ready to invest the whole Treas-
ury of the Government in vessels as perishable
as those which it is proper for us to construct ?
Or shall we employ but a small part of that money
in achieving for ourselves the whole end which
this vast navy would attain?
Again, sir, upon those routes proposed to be
traversed by sea and by short land connection,
we pass into tropical climates; on most of them
we cross the equator twice. Within the limits
of the United States, so far as I am at present in-
formed, we have thus far found but one kind of
flour which could thus be transported and deliv-
ered in good order. It is not so bad with other
supplies; but something of the same kind apper-
tains to all the supplies required for the Army and
Navy on the Pacific coast. It is needless, there-
fore, to speak of the accumulation of vast stores,
which are to serve us in future contingencies;
but if that could be done, it would be easy to
prove that the cost of accumulating and maintain -
ing these stores would exceed the cost of con-
structing the means of transportation which is
required.
Besides, under any condition which we can an-
ticipate, those routes could not be kept open in
time of war. At the commencement of a war, we
should be separated; our Pacific coast, with its
sparse population, with its inferior agricultural
resources, would be thrown upon its capacities
for defense, and be lost to the United States.
When Rome commenced losing her territory, de-
cline was set upon her brow and rapidly followed
until she sank into that fall from which the Ro-
man empire never rose. Whenever the United
States begin to lose their territory, whenever an
invading army can land upon any portion of our
coast and capture the territory of the United
States and hold it, the prestige, the pride, the
power, and the progress of the United States are
at an end. Thenceforward the hand of ages and
decay will be laid upon us, and'we shall sink, the
unworthy representatives of the glorious institu-
tions we. inherit.
But, sir, there are other relations. War is not
conducted merely byassemblingmen,and furnish-
ing munitions and provisions. That which is
termed the sinews of war, the ability of the coun-
try to raise the means of supply, lies behind all
the military power of a Government. Now, I
submit to any one, whether, if the shipments of
gold from California and the Pacific coast were
arrested forsixty days, there would be a banting
institution in the United States which would not
be necessarily closed? whether credit would not
be paralyzed ? whether the capacity of the Gov-
ernment to raise the means by which it could
maintain its Army would not fall with the pros-
tration of private credit and private prosperity?
If continued communication, by which we con-
stantly derive the precious metals from that region
of the great deposit, is essential to retain, for
sixty days, the prosperous condition of our coun-
try, how are we to look to all the heavy burdens
and the pressure of war, in the face of the loss of
that which, even in time of peace, would paralyze
the country?
To all this it may be answered, as it has been
stated before—and I am replying rather to what
has been said—that if this be true in some de-
gree, still, the vast expenditure entailed is a rea-
son why we should not attempt this work; and
in order to heighten the argument, gentlemen al-
ways announce that it is to cost two or three hun-
dred million dollars. The original bill, 1 think,
proposes $35,000,000. The substitute which I
offered proposes $10,000,000. Then the gentle-
men must derive those two or three hundreB mil-
lions ofcxpenditurc from the same source on which
they have so largely drawn fortheir topography—
their imagination—and the opinions that follow
in the train of their own desire. Ten million
dollars is the sum proposed in the substitute;
$35,000,000 is the sum proposed in the bill; and
an untold amount is now fastened upon the bill
in the form of an amendment. I was answered
the other day that the amendments but endeav-
ored to effect what the bill had not so very well
specified.
Here it is to be remarked that the original bill
reported by the committee was to construct a
road across the continent. The amendments are
to construct three roads—a link of five hundred
miles at each end, and an intermediate link. There
can be no obligation in law or morals on a man
who takes the contract for the eastern or western
link, to build the middle. This is quite different
from the original bill. The original bill was for
a contract extending across the continent; and if
it did not provide the means which insured the
completion of that contract, it should have been
amended so as to effect that object, instead of de-
parting in the other directions and contriving, by
the amendments, to put it m such a position as to
enable contractors to take the two routes where
it would be profitable to build roads, and then to
abandon the work. Taking the bill as it now
stands amended, I hold that any contractor,look-
ing to his own interest, may agiee to take the
road from the eastern terminus, five hundred miles,
in the direction which he pleases, either with the
land or the money which the amendments propose
to give him. He would run it through a settled
and fertile country. If he went north, he could
extend it beyond the five hundred miles; and after
he passed the limit of the five hundred miles, still
penetrating the fertile regions of Minnesota, he
w.ould get §25,000 a mile instead of $10,000,wh ich
he would get at the start, and still be in a region
where the land grant alone ought to build the
road. When he passed that region, when he
crossed the ninety-ninth meridian "of,longitude
he could have no possible inducement to gottae5
step further. If, on the other hand,-the coiiErao-*-
tor should look to the south, it would be possible '
for him to go five hundred miles, building brs*
road with very great profit; getting $10,000 a mils,
which would more than buy the iron, and getting-
ten sections of land per mile—which sections of
land, I suppose, may be taken at ten dollars an
acre—most of it in that region of country; and .-
when he reached the end of the five hundred
miles, he would then run on with $25,000 a mile,
intersect the Texas road across the plains of
Texas, unite the $25,000 to the Texas land grant
and $6,000 a mile, and thus go on with $31,000
and sixteen sections of land per mile, until he got
to the Rio Grande. When he reached the Rio
Grande, he would then have twenty sections of
land and $25,000 a mile to cross the country from
there to the Colorado, and from thenee to eritsr
the'State of California, and build it to San Fran-
cisco.
Now, when gentlemen say this bill will not
build the road, I differ from them. I do not be-
lieve it will build the. road if contractors start
north with it; but I have not the least doubt it
will build the road if the contractors run south;
but it will build it at a charge on the'Treasury
which I feel we have no power in justice or in
raason to impose upon it. I never can vote for the
bill as it st-ands. I do not doubt that any con-
tractor who looked to the bill with the intent to
cross the continent, would run south from the
initial point here described, until he intersected
the Texas road, conibine with the Texas com-
pany, then go to the Rio Grande, and conduct it
to the Gila, and thence up to San Francisco, along
the coast. If I were very anxious to get a road
for the South; if I believed it was within my prov-
ince, in the honest discharge of my duty, to vote
more money from the Treasury than was neces-
sary to execute the proposed work, I should find
in this bill such an assurance as I could scarcely
doubt would effect that object.
But mingling always with the idea I have of the
necessity of the work, the idea of limiting what
is to be done under that necessity, to just so much
as will perform that work, I have offered this sub-
stitute, believing it will execute all which I desire
to see achieved; that is to say, made-atone point.
I believe it will give us railroad connection to'the
Gulf of California, and in time to the Bay of San ■
Francisco. I will speak of that, however, here-
after. So much for the argument of vast expen-
ditures.
i Now let us see liovy^the $10,000,000, the sum
limited, is to be advanced. Only upon the execu-
tion of a certain part of the work; then it is to be
advanced pro rata, retaining ten per cent as secur-
ity for the further prosecution of the work; and
this on the line to which I have particularly
directed my examination, has the effect that every
mile which is built increases the necessity for
building the remainder; makes it the interest of the
contractor not to stop but to go on, not merely
by the reserved fund but by the character of the
country through which he is to pass. He begins
at the western end to connect as soon as he can
with the Rio Grande, and he begins at the east-
ern end as soon as he can to get to the navigable
waters of the Pacific ocean.
I find myself unable to enter into the full ex-
amination which I proposed; I must necessarily
abridge it; but I ask Senators to consider for a
moment the comparative advantages and cost of
i the work on the basis which I propose. In time
! of national peace to put down a rebellion that
■ extended merely to the attacks of foraging par-
| ties upon our trains, it has cost us about as
! much to transpoit the food of the little army
! sent over to reduce the Mormons to order, as I
propose to contribute to the building of this road.
If this road had been built, itwould not have been
necessary to have made that expedition across
the country, if indeed it could have been possible
that the Mormons would have taken the attitude
of rebellion at all. South of where the Mormons
reside, and the line of this road, there are Indians,
I who for their warlike character, and their num-
bers, are probably more than equal to all the Mor-
, mon population; and it is perhaps not unreason-
! able to anticipate another campaign, where the
