1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tmi
There is no difficulty in the manner in which the
question is now presented before the Senate. We
need not go back to the original point at which it
originated. It originated by the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Ci-ingman] making a point
of order, and the decision of the Chair; butall that
has been waived, and the question is now sub-
mitted to the Senate, will you entertain and act
upon this amendment? In the case supposed by
the ingenious Senator from Louisiana, if I should
make a proposition her^ to elect a king in each of
the States, might he not say: " I desire the sense
of the Senate whether they will entertain a prop-
osition conflicting with the Constitution and with
the power of the Senate?" Is it not legitimate,
and is it not due to the Senate, to say whether we
will even entertain that which is in direct conflict
with the Constitution we have sworn to support?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will answer that in this way ■
Mr. GREEW. I was answering you; not you
me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the Senator
to put a question.
Mr, GREEN. You may put any other ques-
tion.
. Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the Senator
to put me a question, and I was going to answer
his question.
Mi. GREEN. It is a strange idea that when
a proposition is made to the Senate, and a portio'n
of them believe it to be in conflict with the Con-
stitution, we cannot, as a preliminary question,
say to the Senate, will you waste your time in
the discussion of it, or will you at once decide
whether it be legitimate for you to entertain it? I
assert that that is the first question to be decided
in ail cases—is it legitimate for us to consider the
proposition? and if it be not legitimate fur us to
consider it, we should be stultifying ourselves by
wasting the time even in an ordinary session, and
much worse when we are here but with one day
and a half left of this session, to discuss that
over which we have no'jurisdiction.
But, sir, 1 was undertaking to show that this
proposition proposed to tax that, which under the
existing revenue laws is not taxed, and therefore
it is raising revenue; and if it be raising revenue,
it conflicts with the Constitution, which says the
Senate shall not originate a measure to raise rev-
enue. 1 will illustrate it by referring to an exam-
ple that occurred on the 27th of May, in the Senate
of the United States; and to this 1 desire to have
the attention of Senators:
."On motion ot Mr. Davis, to amend the amendment
proposed by Mi. Pium, by insetting at the end thereof :
u 4 That all articles now on the tree hst be cla-sed among
the unermmerated articles, and hp charged with a duty of
twenty pel cent, ad valorem on all importation's made alter
the Ibt day of July, lSoS,1—-
So there was a distinct proposition made by the
Senator from Mississippi to apply an ad valorem
of twenty pijr cent, to a portion of the articles
then on the free list.
—"Mr. Wilson made a tjuei-aion of order, whether the
amendment, proposed by Mr Davis wns tn order.
"The Vice President, in piu&uance of the 6th rule,
asked the sense of the Senate"—
That 6th rule is, in all cases of doubt, or where
he chooses to do it, he can ask the Senate for
their decision on the point.
—" whether the amendment was in order; and it was de-
cided not to bo in order."
Now notice the similarity. Here is transpor-
tation: here is insurance; here is interest; free—
free from principles of policy, by the existing
revenue low, to which we assented. Here are
certain unenumerated articles free. A Senator
proposed to tax the free articles, which was ruled
out of order on the objection of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Just precisely similar is it to-
day.
Again: it is not true that this proposition is ad-
missible, because we can prevent fraud. When-
ever we have a revenue law, if it be evaded, we
have a right to introduce legislation, and it may
originate here, to execute a present, an existing
law; but we cannot change an existing revenue
law so as to raise more revenue than the law it-
self contemplates m us honest execution. Let
me illustrate. There was once in the revenue
laws of the United States a principle called the
minimum principle, by which all cottons costing
less than twenty ccnts were deemed to have cost
twenty centsj and then an ad valorem was put on
that assumed value. Now, the law is, that all
cottons shall be taxed nineteen per cent, on the
actual cost. Suppose a proposition were made
now that all cottons costing less than ten cents
should be deemed to have cost ten cents: would
not that be an increased rate of duty levied upon
the article? Whatever increases the rate of duty
levied ort the article, is a process for the purpose
of raising revenue. There are three items which
are now free, that this amendment proposes to
tax. It is proposed, in order to raise more reve-
nue, to take them out of the free list and put them
in the taxable list. Thus it is a revenue measure.
There is one other argument -which may be
made with strict propriety, showing that it is a
revenue measure, and, therefore, its origination
here conflicts with the Constitution; and that is,
in certain cases, instead of requiring a man to
pay his fifteen per centum on one hundred dol-
lars' worth, it proposes to deduct fifteen dollars,
he retaining eighty-five dollars and giving the
Government fifteen dollars; so that, instead of
paying his fifteen per centum on §100, he pays
fifteen dollars on eighty-five dollars.
But I shall not pursue the matter further. To
my mind, it looks like a revenue measure; and if
it be a revenue measure, it ought to originate in
the House of Representatives. It has been pro-
posed in the Senate, and for the mere conveni-
ence of preventing the consumption of time, I
desire to have a decision whether the Senate will
entertain it or not. If the Senate will entertain
it, it will lead to a long discussion, and I fear a
very unprofitable one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have but a single word
to say in support of what I regard as the conclu-
sive argument of the Senator from Missouri.
The point is presented by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, how can you make this a question of
order? The Constitution says bills for raising
revenue shall not originate m the Senate. Sup-
pose you had a rule, such as is known to have
existed in Congress at one time—I believe it does
not exist, now—that abolition petitions should not
be presented: if a member introduced such a
petition, a pointof order was made on it always.
You have rules now which say that certain com-
mittees shall originate certain bills. Suppose the
Senator from Louisiana was to report from the
Committee on the Judiciary a bill to increase the
Navy: I have very little doubt a point of order
would be made on it, to be decided either by the
Presiding Officer or the Senate. This clause in
the Constitution is a part of the rules, and it ex-
pressly declares that certain bills shall not originate
here. Are we not bound by it? I submit to the
consideration of Senators that if we had provided
by one of our rules that particular classes of bills
should not originate m the Senate, or that they
should only originate m a certain way, if any
one should attempt to originate them m any differ-
ent way from that provided, the point of order
would at once be made; and the decision quoted
by the Senator-from Missouri made at the last
session is expressly to the point. It was made,
too, at the instance of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and decided m May last, and I think
acquiesced in. I recollect very well the discus-
sion which then occurred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My proposition has been
misunderstood. I say t.hat the question, whether
the Senate has constitutional power to pass the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Rhode
Island, is a question as to the merits of the prop-
osition, and not a question of order as to its in-
troduction; or, m other words, that you cannot
argue n as a question of order without arguing
its merits. In order to show that it is a question
of order, you begin by showing that we have no
power to pass the law. That is the merits. Sup-
pose, now, a proposition were made by a Sena-
tor to make an appropriation for some internal
improvement: one half the Senate think that con-
stitutional; the other half of the Senate think it
unconstitutional. Is it aquestion of order whether
that amendment can be olfered, or is ita question
to be decided in voting on the merits of the prop-
osition ? That is the distinction to which I should
like to draw attention.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely the distinc-
tion to which 1 desire for a moment or two to in-
vite the attention of the Senate, and I will en-
deavor not at all to mar the very great compliment
which the Senator from New Yoik paid^ me, by
taking up any unnecessary time on the question.
I agree most fully that the question, whether
Congress has power under the Constitution to
pass a law, or whether, if passed, it would be con-
stitutional, is not and never can be made a ques-
tion of order in either House. There can be no
doubt about that; but that is not this case. The
Constitution says that a measure of a particular
character shall originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives alone, and shall not originate here.
Now, the question is not would this be a consti-
tutional measure, if passed, but is it a measure
which the Senate is prohibited from originating.
Let me illustrate. Some Senators are in favtn* of
specific instead of ad valorem duties. Although
two thirds oftheSenate, three fourthsif you please,
might be in favor of specific duties, yet a measure
to change the present ad valorem tariff and adopt
specific duties as the mode by which revenue is
to be raised, cannot be originated in the Senate;
and therefore, although the measure, if coming
from the other House would receive two thirds of
the votes of this body, it cannot be originated
here. There is the question of order.
It is said that this amendment is of that char-
acter. That is a question for the Senate to decide.
If the Senate decides that the measure is of that
character, although the amendment might meet
thfijudgmentof theentire body, they are bound to
say, ct we cannot originate it, it must come from
the House of Representatives." Whether this
proposition is of that character or not, is a ques-
tion of order to be decided in the first instance.
A Senator might conclude upon this amendment
that it is a measure of that character, and there-
fore one which cannot originate here; but at the
same time say, " it is a measure which meets my
judgment," and if it came properly here I would
vote for it; and that is the point.
Now, it is said that this constitutional question
ought not to be, and can never be, a question of
order. I submit, with very great respect, that it
ever must be a question of order. This provision
of the Constitution is not an inhibition upon Con-
gress. It is not like that suggested by the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, of a measure to provide a king
for each State. That Congress could not do with
the approbation of the President. But the point
here is this: is the measure one which the Con-
stitution prohibits you from originating here, but
which,being originated in the other House, would
not only be-constitutional, but proper?
I beg only to say a word further. When these
questions have arisen heretofore in the Senate, I
thought, and I think now, although my recol-
lection is imperfect—on some of them, I have
been in the chair, and I know I have considered
the question, and I held, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky did, that, being a question arising out of
the Constitution itself, the Senate would not be
willing to submit it, in the first instance, to an
officer who, by the Constitution, presides over
this body, and is not elected by the body itself;
and, therefore, as a measure of great proprrety, he
ought not to decide it. But I submit to that hon-
orable Senator that, whenever a Senator rises in
his place, and says, " I raise a question of order,"
it must either bo decided by the Chair, or sub-
mitted to the Senate; and he would hold a Pre-
siding Officer derelict in his dufy who should
undertake to say, " I disregard it." He is bound
to regard it, and either decide it himself, or sub-
mit it to the^Senatp.
The question is, is this a measure which, if
adopted, would be the law by which you would
raise revenue ? If it would be, you cannotorigm-
j ate it here. The language of the Constitution,
I "bills raising revenue," means laws by which
j the revenue of the country is raised; ana it is as
I unconstitutional to introduce a law here to reduce
| the duties, ad valorem, ten per cent, throughout,
j as it is to introduce a measure increasing them
I ten per cent, throughout, because it would stand,
| if enacted, in the place of the present law. That
| cannot originate here.
i Now, a single remark in regard to what the
| honoiable Senator from Vermont said, and I have
I done. He suggested, as an objection to this
[ course of proceeding, that, if the Senate were to
• rule out the amendment as a question of order,
I you could never get it before the courts of the
j United States to determine its constitutionality.
That is not a touchstone m this inquiry, t suggest
I to the Senator I am not prepared tu say, and I
