,480
THE CONGlilSSiQMAL GLOBE.
January 20.
toads would be more difficult to pass, and an-
other campaign where the cost of transportation
' would exceed that of putting .down the Mormon
rebellion. In time of war, it is provided in this
substitute, that the cost of transportation on this
road shall not exceed that which is paid on exist-
ing routes, in time of peace. Thus we get the ad- ,
vantage of a uniform standard, paying no more !
in, peace.than wedo now if we transport on this
road \ paying no more in war than we now pay in j
peas9- ' . * . |
..These are the main advantages which I offer as ;
balancing the amount which it is proposed to ad- j
Vance. In this state of the case, however, I am j
met by the question, have we the constitutional j
power? If we have not the constitutional power, ,
then I have argued for a necessity military and j
politically, argusd for advantages in peace and in j
war wholly to no purpose. If the Constitution \
does not confer the power, there is an end of the
question. It is necessary, therefore, to meet that
point befofe entering into any discussion as-to
routes.
The substitute which 1 propose is confined to
the Territories. I know it has been argued here
that there is no difference between a State and a
Territory. 1 hold to the other doctrine. I hold
that a.State is sovereign within its limits; that
the power of the General Government to enter
with an artificial person—a railroad corporation
for instance—the limits of a State, does not exist
as a constitutional right, and cannot be derived
from the consent of the State. When I said the
other day that the Federal Government had no
power to create a corporation, my worthy and in-
telligent friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons]
recalled me, in the course of his remarks, to the
fact that General Jackson had once said he couUl
have given the form of a bill for a bank which
would have been free from the constitutional ob-
jections to that to which he applied his veto.
Thence he argued that General Jackson had ad-
mitted the power of the Federal Government to
create a corporation which could enter a State. I \
know there has been much speculation as to what
General Jackson meant. 1 rather think nobody
knows exactly what he did mean: but it is not a
necessary consequence of that position of his that
he meant a corporation with power to enter the
limits of a State. There are other moans by which
a bank of exchange might be established. The
Federal Government might establish a corpora-
tion in the District of Columbia, with authority to
connect itself .with corporations existing in the
States, and a bank of exchange might thus be es-
tablished all over the United States. I do not
know what his plan was; I only notice it here to
say, that the conclusion derived is not one justi-
fied by the premises. His plan was not given,
and he merely said that it might be free from the
constitutional objections of the plan to which he
attached his veto.
Within the Territories, I hold our relations to
be different. The United States have derived ter-
ritory either by cession from the States, or by ac-
quisition as a Government, and they have, as a
consequence of the grants of the Constitution, the
authority to do in that'tei ritory whatever is within
the power of the Federal Government. They can-
not do all which a State could have done over the
territory before the State ceded it, because the
State was a sovereign; the Federal Government
has only those powers which have been delegated
to it. All of those powers it may exercise upon
a territory when it derives it either by cession
from a State or by acquirement from any other
sovereign Power, receiving by the deed of cession,
by the sale, or by the annexation, whatever power
it was competent for the Federal Government to
receive and execute. All else remains in other
depositories, and those depositories not rendering
it possible to exercise it until the people inhabit-
ing the territory shall become a State. Then they
will be invested with all the sovereign power
which the States in the mass received, but could
not use at the date of the cession, annexation,
conquest, or purchase. Within the Territory, we
find that from the foundation of the Government,
the United States Government have always ex-
ercised the power to construct roadsvto establish
a corporation, being the corporation of a territo-
rial government-itself, to support it, paying its
Governor and its Council, or when it rose to the
higher grade, paying its Legislature, thus exer-
cising all the powers within the Territory which
belong to those who hold it in trust under a spe-
cific authority.
If the view which has been taken of this subject
from the foundation of the Government be cor-
rect, (and it is hardly needful for me at this day
to vindicate it,) there is power in the Federal Gov-
ernment to appropriate money for the construc-
tion of a road within aTerritory; notan absolute,
unlimited power, because every power which the
Government holds is for some objectenumerated
in the Constitution. The power to appropriate
for the construction of the military roads within a
Territory has been so long admitted, so uniformly
acted upon—acted upon at the last session, and no
doubt may be acted upon this—that it is hardly
needful for me to argue it now.
But it is said you cannot construct a railroad,
though you can construct any other character of
military road. If gentlemen had said this Gov-
ernment could not administer a railroad, they
would have been putting themselves somewhat
upon the giound taken by.Mr. Monroe, when he
vetoed the Cumberland roa'd bill upon the ground
that we could not erect toll-gates within a State.
If they had said we could not establish a corpo-
ration and go on to administer a railway, I should
grant there was force in the objection, and should
have admitted that I entertained the same diffi-
culty, that I reached the same conclusion; but
the construction of a road, whether it be of dirt,
stone, or of iron, must belong to the same gen-
eral power of the Government, and if it exists for
one, it must exist for the other and for alh
Having asserted, as I believe, the power, it only
remains for me to say that I was very happy to
discover in the course of my examination that it
was not required that the General Government
should build this road out of the public Treasury;
that it need only contribute, and contribute in pro-
portion to the interest it had in comparison with
others in the construction of the road; and it is
this commercial connection, this connection with
the interests of the country, which has subjected
the proposition to the criticism that the road was
to be built for commercial and not military pur-
! poses. If to be built for commercial purposes, it
has been asked, why was the distinction drawn
I between a contribution in part and a contribution
• of the whole ? It was because it was to be built
for specially enumerated purposes, and because
! those purposes were set down at a certain value;
! and, finally, by comparison the amount fairly
j chargeable to each was eliminated, and the resi-
1 duum alone is contained either in the original bill
| or in the substitute. No one believes that either
; amount of money will build the road, if that alone
i is to be contributed.
: I was met yesterday with the argument that if
;| the Federal Government had the power to con-
I] tract one species of military work for defense, it
I had the power to contract any other. It was
!: argued that the Federal Government, having the
!' power to construct forts, could go into a State and
take land ad libitum for the purpose, and there-
fore could go into a State and take land to build
' a railroad, if it was necessary for military uses.
:| The language of the Constitution, which is relied
it upon, is found, in the clause referung to sites for
J! magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other need-
ful buildings. It employs this expression; that
Congress shall have power " to exercise likeau-
i| thority, " that is, exclusive legislation, " over all
places purchased by the consent of the Legisla-
l! ture," for such needful building. It was argued
i| as though this was a grant of exclusive legisla-
■; tion by the consent of the Legislature of the State;
,i whereas the language is, "purchase by the con-
]| sent of the Legislature;" and this distinction was
!; so broad to those who early construed the Con-
>! stitution, that it was always made applicable, and
ij is now by law made applicable, to those cases
|: where eonscnthas been obtained, and where fort-
j'' ifications are to be erected. It is prescribed that
II an appropriation for the construction of a fort
j cannot be used until the consent of the State within
;! which it is to be constructed, has been obtained.
i i Knowing the jealousy which was felt by the States
of the invasion by the Federal Government of
their territory; knowing the jealousy with which
they watched the exercise of power by theWederal
Government within their limits; forseeing what
would necessarily arise in the conflicting juris-
diction, which must exist where permanent works
were constructed and held by the United States,
and the laws of the State still prevailed, they
guarded it in the manner prescribed in the Con-
stitution. It was not anticipated that these works
were to be otherwise than upon sites purchased
by the. consent of the Legislatuie of the State, and
therefore the language used is, " purchased by
the consent of the Legislature." The Federal
Government might purchase otherwise;but it was
not anticipated that such works as these should
be constructed without the consent of the State;
and the laws are in conformity with that known
intent.
But the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Bexja-
mijt] asked whether the United States could not
cut a road in a State? Certainly; they can cut a
road whenever they find it ne,edful to pass through
the forest. They can throw up a temporary en-
trenchment to protect their troops in a night's
encampment. This belongs to the duty of de-
fense and the right of way. They can use it; but
when they have used it,it is at an end; they have
no claim upon it, no control over it. The bridge
they have built may be burned to-morrow, and
they have no redress from the person who com-
mitted the act. Itwould be entirely a thing under
the State authority, and a right to pass through
could only be derived from the consent of the
State, and thus it has been both in the practice
; and legislation of the country. You allow expend-
] itures constantly for the construction of canton-
ments and temporary works where the consult
! of the State has not been asked, where it is not
j expected ever to obtain it, where, in fact, it is not
desired; -but permanent works, such as arc de-
scribed in the Constitution—forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and- other needful build-
ings—were intended to be built within the limits
of a State only by the consent of the State itself.
How, then, is it in the Territories? Must the
United States go to the corporation it has estab-
lished within a Territory, and there ask permis-
sion to build a fort? Must they there ask the
consent of the territorial government to have ju-
risdiction over the fort when it is built? The
proposition answers itself. It has only to be
stated; and thus in the Constitution itself are gen-
tlemen pointed to the difference between construc-
tions within the limits of a State, and within tho
limits of a Territory. The substitute, I repeat,
is confined to the Territories alone. It has no
relation to a road within any State otherwise than
as building it across the Tenitoriesmay indicate
a future purpose when the States shall contribute
to insure its extension eastward and westward.
If it bo constitutional to construct a railroad
when it is necessary for military defense, we must
take the responsibility in this, as in all other cases,
of relying upon the discretion of the agents of
the Government, that they will not pervert that
which is necessary and use it where it h°s no
such application. If gentlemen are to be fright-
ened from undertaking a public work because of
the abuse which it is possible may result from it,
I would ask what appropriation have we ever
made from which we should not have been like-
wise restrained. We have made an appropria-
tion to extend the Capitol. Does the exercise of
that power involve the right to go on and build a
house that will cover the District of Columbia?
And yet, the absurdity which is resorted to in
order to prove the impropriety of this measure,
would be as applicable in the one case as in the
other. Government is a practicable thing; it
must be executed by men. If those men are dis-
honest, and if they are seeking constantly to break
the restraints of the Constitution, and to legislate
so as to violate the just obligations imposed upon
them, why refer to the language of the Constitu-
tion at all? It cannot restrain a man who has no
honest purpose; and if he has an honest purpose,
he cannot use the necessity of one case as a pre-
text for another.
If, then, it be admitted that there is constitu-
tional power, and that it is expedient upon the
limited scale which I have* proposed to exercise,
it remains to consider the practicability of the
route. I believe, in this view of the case, I can
show one route to be practicable; I can show that
the amount proposed to be appropriated in the
substitute, will insure the completion of a road
