THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, Sd Session-.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1859.
New Series.....No. 31.
upon that route; and if built on that route, it will
have connections upon the east and west to an-
swer all the purposes of the Government. That
is the basis of my calculation. If there be other
routes more practicable than this, others on which
the road can be constructed more economically,
let those others -take advantage of the specific
sum to build the road wherever nature has indi-
cated the place it can be most practically and eco-
nomically constructed.
In the outset of this question, however, the
authority upon which the conclusion of the prac-
ticability of a particular route was "based, was
doubted; the evidence was said to be insullicient,
such as it was said no prudent company would ac-
cept, if they were about to locate a railroad. The
Senator from Massachusetts, [Ali\ Wilson,] par-
ticularly, made those remarks. Now, sir, it is a
fact that these explorations were made by officers
of the Army, educated to the purposes of engi-
neering, and that they belonged to that class, with-
out which, I believe, not one great vyork of public
improvement in the United States has ever been
conceived and executed. If there is one great
work of public improvement in the tfnited States
which has been conceived and executed without
the aid of some member of this particular class,
on whose evidence I rely, I am not aware of wlnit
that work is. The Senator from Massachusetts
would have found, by turning to his own State,
that the system which exists m it was initiated,
and the surveys conducted, and the work pro-
gressed usually to completion, in the hands of mil-
itary engineers. I can refer to some of the names:
William Gibbs McNeil, George W. Whisler,
Daniel Tyler, Joshua Barney, Isaac P. Trimble,
John M. Fessundon, Childs, Barnes, and a great
many otheis. At a very recent period, the pro-
fessor of civil engineering, in their own Univer-
sity of Harvard, was an officer of the Army, who
resigned his position to take that professorship.
They are the men over this whole land who have
inaugurated the great works of civil engineering
which have been executed in it. They were the
teachers. It is their pupils who now rise in re-
bellion against them, and, anxious for employ-
ment, arraign the masters for incompetency to do
the work which they taught them to perform. I
could refer to almost every State, and bring out the
fact that their works of internal improvement were
inaugurated and generally conducted by those
who either were at the time, oi had been military
engineers. So much for the character of the evi-
dence on fahich I rely and ilv capacity of the men.
In that connection, too, I may say that they
were men who had been educated in the service of
their country; men who looked to future connec-
tion with the service of their countiy; men in
whom local prejudice had been smothered by ed-
ucation, by habit, and by future prospects. 1 will
not allude to the region m which th^y wete born;
I leave others to do that; because it maUeis not
to me whether they came fiom Maine, or New
Hampshire, or Massachusetts, as they did, or
whetherthey came from Georgia, South Carolina,
or North Carolina, as they did not. I believe they
had the intellectual endowment, the education, the
character, and the purpose, which makes their re-
ports more reliable than any we could have ob-
tained from any other source; and it so happens
that when these barometrical observations which
have been criticised were made, and have subse-
quently been subjected to the test of the level, the
difference is so small that a contracting paity
would not care for it one way or the other, show-
ing that a method which is not usually relied upon,
in the hands of men trained and skillful, was
brought to such perfection as to answer the pur-
poses of the level actually put upon the ground.
It will be seen before I get through, however,
that I do not rely upon their testimony alone; but
I shall adduce the testimony of others who may
have more weight with some, although not so
much with myself, upon whom I rely for the same
opinion. Foreseeing how much I should be em-
ban assed in this discussion—embarrassed by the
difficulty of speaking—I had prepared some notes
31
upon the different routes with a view to their com-
parison. I suppose I shall have to hurry over
them very imperfectly. Perhaps they may an-
swer my purpose, i know that the Senate are
already getting weary of the subject. Perhaps it
is as well for them that I am unable to consider it
as fully as I desire.
I will first present some vie*ws in relation to the
route near the forty-ninth parallel, being extracts
from the office examinations, from the report of
Captain McClellan,ofGovei nor Stevens, of Geol-
ogist Gibbs, and of Lieutenant Abbot. Some of
these have been made since the report sent to
Congress by myself, in accordance with a law
which it had enacted: but instead of shaking my
confidence in the conclusions wh ich I then reached,
they have served to confirm them. Difficulties
which I supposed not to be insurmountable, have,
by subsequent examinations, proved to be so. For
instance, in that report it appeared that I supposed
that after reaching the Columbia rn er, the descent
along the phun of that river would be easy. Re-
cently a gentleman connected with the missions
established on the Columbia river, in conversing
with me m relation to that country, informed me
that instead of the mountains sloping gently down
to the river, so as to favor the construction of a
railroad near the Dalles and Cascades, they rise
precipitously, leaving channels which seem to
have been the result of volcanic action. Tin: river
tears by these rocky cliffs, that almost overhang
it, with such velocity as to render the navigation
exceedingly dangerous, arid, at some ftaire^, im-
possible. The mountains are composed of basalt
that is hard to cut, but which crumbles rapidly
by exposure to the air, so as to be liable to s.htlc
and block the road. I derive the same informa-
tion from other sources. It appears that they
have not been able to get a wagon road down the
river bank from the Dalles to Fort Vancouver;
but they are compelled to use a very bad pack
trail, which winds along the faces of piecipiees,
on ledges so nanow that animals are sometimes
precipitated to the bottom and killed. An appro-
priation made by Congress to make a wagon
road from Fort Vancouver to Fort Dalles, was ex-
pended upon a short portage at the Cascades; the
road prov mg impracticable without enormous ex-
pense. Therefore, 1 say, so far from finding it less
difficult, the difficulty has been magnified, and we
are thrown buck to the consideiation of whether
those passes where the snow accumulates twenty
feet deep, and winch weir declared to be impiae-
ticable on account of the length of the tunnels to
be cut,, do not at last afford the only route by which
we can reach the Pacific on that parallel of lati-
tude.
I wish particularly, however, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, on account of remarks which
have been made here, to the character of the soil
m this region of country. It will be remembered
that the geologist, Dr. Evans, had not made his
report at the time of sending in the prchminaiy
report m which my opinion was piesented. It
was .said then m the Official Review:
"Previous geological examinations3 over porrion- a^ f ir
wept as about lonyuudc 3 <11° or 10vJ5. >diov that the unculli-
vable region becuis in about the same longitude on this
route a<hi the latitude ol ill*: Aikan-.i-..
From the geological information le-p^clin^ the re *ion
between the metidwn <.t 10I3 and the ^pohai.o V\ niu im-
parted lecentiy b} Di. Evan-, from the report oi i\It. Gibbs
upon the section west of the Hpokane, and aitei a c!fw> ex-
amination of the lepoi ts. the tollowimi <rener;J conclusions
have been anived at respecting tne son oi the legion trav-
ersed by the northern route." *
(i The river-bottoms, m part, (whoie the soils, of the dif-
feient strata become mixed,) and the valiejs anions the
mountains, form exceptions to Un< general condition of
sterility. As, foi instance, it is Lieutenant Jjoaelson's opin-
ion, that upon the Missouu the soil is such that the seitle-
menty might be continuous upon its bank- up to the mouth I!
of tiie L'eau-qui-couu liver. longitude 939; fiom tbnL point j I
to Foit Union, about one fuuith could bp settled. ' Above
FoitUnion/ Lieutenant Grovei says,1 on the lower portion
of the liver, (between Foit Benton and F >rt Union,) there
are many quite extensive bottoms, well adapted to agricul-
tural puipo-es. There is a good deal of arable land, also,
in the vicinity of Foit Benton. and in the Sun liver valley.'
The piopoilion or cultivable nottojn lands on Una oeeteni oi
the rivers much les> than one fouith."
It has been heretofore assumed that the valleys
were arable, and they have been so treated, gen-
erally. This shows the fallacy of that assump-
tion. Tljen, after crossing the Cascades:
" From the mam cascade chain, the generally sterile soil
extends eastward over tfee dry region until the rain that
falls upon the Cceur d'Alene, Bitter Root; and other mounv
ams, begins to be felt j vv« then have grazing. ..The soil im-
proves in quality as the mountains are approached, the
valleys of which are represented as fertile, perhaps influ-
enced in some degree by the nature of the mountain debris
that have been washed upon them. The Columbia river
and us affluents, in theft lower courses within the limits
above mentioned, are stated to carry gravel and sand, but
no feitihzmg matter."
All the valleys in this region on which reliance
was placed, are sometimes overflowed by the Co-
lumbia.
" Lieutenant Mullan says of the St. Mary's valley, which
has been considered as a kind of standard,' the soil of the
valley of the Bitter Root (St. Mary's) is fertile and product-
ive, well timbered with pine ami cotton-wood, buf whoso
chief characteiistic and capability is that of giazing largo
herds of cattle, and affording excellent mill sites along the
mnneious mountain streams.' ' ****
-4 Dr. Sucklcy, referring to the Hell Gate, Bitter Root,
Cl.uli, and Columbia nvers, and to the Dalles, says: < there
aie a tew pieces of excellent land along these risers. The
valley of Clark's Foik is heavily timbered with pine; there
i> no «ra^s.>
'• Within the limits of Washington Territory, between
the C.Keado and Rocky Mountains, there are seven thou-
- uid tiiiee huiuhed and li!t\ six Indians Within the same
Tetntorv, west of the Cascade*, the areas biyng as three to
one about, there are six thousand nine hundred and three
Indian-'. Tin* may jjive some indication as to the capabil-
ities of the soil (or supporting animal life."
Then there is a statement of the amount of cul-
tivable land from St. Paul to Seattle:
So that of the two thousand and twenty-fivemilesfrom
St. Paul to Seattle, on Pujret Sound, we have only a ppaee
ot about five bundled and fhhty-flve miles offeitile country ;
the remaining torn teen hundred and ninety miles being over
uncuUivahle pianie soil, or mountain land, producing only
lumbei, with the limited exception of occasional river-bot-
tom^ mountain vallejs, or pranie."
This is the land we have been told, in the course
of this debate, time and again, was of such ex-
treme fertility that men could build a road through
it fiom the sale of the lands alone.
I will next give some extracts from the report
of Captain McClellan, wh'o examined the western
section of this route:
■•The Yakima unites with the Columbia in a vnstsagQ
deseri, extendim.' to the north and northeast as far as the
ev ea:i lea-'li: and the deswlate, duik giaycoloi of tho
s-iL'e is unbroken by the veidure ol grass or tiees. The
Columbia is iice about four handled jaidsm v.uim, with
sand and giavil banks Unity lectin height; a placid cur-
lent; hen; and there a eiuM<ji o! willow bushes border the
stieam, iHuaily destitute of vegetation. In the Yakima,
at Irs mouth, aic thtee inlands covered with < ood grass—
all that in to !>e found in tne vicinity. Neither stone nor
timbr-i oefuiH m ihc neighboihood. The valley of the
Yakima -oon incomes more contincted bj low hili^, which
giadu'iiiv cmsc npoii j'. arid f-oon inciea^e in height as the**
stream n ascended. To the commencement oi the pmo
timber, adi.tarice ot neailv one hundred mii< s from the
mouth, the averace width ot the va'lev n about six miles,
occasional! v tec) need lo towj or fi\ e bundled yard-, by --purs
e!o irig in on both siile<*. and .-omettme  widenm:.' out to ten
iiiiie5 Cotton wood and willow innce the stieam ; grass
11' t,ii!\ iNUifixu il to the wat< r'i edge, hill i-s not m suf-
fiejei:' qiMnnp, to adapt the v;>Jle\ to gtaxnicpinpo-ea on a
1 irgo !-cu)e ! n -ome ol tiic small lateral vallej s good bunch.
i!M-s i- lmind, a^ well as on the summiH ot the highest
lidgos of hiiK- But the winters are too severe ibr cattleto
th 11 ve m tne open an. the who!e countr. being covered with
snow ; and. in addition, the buneh-gias* is of too pcanty a
gum th to be cut tor hay. f>,irin«r the wmtei thr Indians
(invethesr hoi^e-s and cattle to the mo<t phcltered spots,
whcie they feed on wild sacre and wdlow.55
'• As fin 'up as Kctctas, the wdd sage covers the va'Iey
m al! pas:.- a btlle h ir-k irom tho water. Tlie general char-
aeter ol the <-otl i-. ^andme^, or exceeding lightlies*3, oeea-
s.o'Killy gravi llv, oi covered with loo^e stones. It might
in mauv j hu e& answer well foi small grams, when com-
P'ired will ihe giearei part of the teintojy. By'reteience
to the uta^. n will be observed that Mr. Gibbs returned
liom the mouth ol the Yakima to Wenass by a trail to the
north of the river valley. Siom the point where he leu the
Yakima, hi* tiail passes through a wide valley for some
twentv-i'our miles; tins valley is somewhat undulating, arid
is vety bait en, being almost entirely depute of gra^, hav-
ing no tmibei; but one little pool of water, sixteen mile? af-
ter leaving the Yakima, and that brackish; it is covered with,
the uaual giowth of sage."
He goes on to describe the country on the east
side of the Cascade region, proves it to be a desert,
iiTuckumably a desert, and so it continues, ac-
coiding to all these reports, until you reach the
mountain where this great plain of sterility is cov-
ered by the debris from the mountains, washed
