1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
the system of ad valorem or specific duties, fur-
ther than to state that my opinion has never va-
ried from my first investigation of that subject,
that specific duties are not at all in antagonism
with a revenue tariff, and that ad valorem duties
are by no means a necessary concomitant of a
revenue tariff. When the question comes prop-
erly before us, I shall endeavor to controvert some
of the opinions and views expressed by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in
the remarks he made on a resolution which was
introduced by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Bigler;] and to enforce, if I can,
what I believe to be a true principle, that, in the
vast majority of articles to be taxed as imposts,
a specific duty is preferable for the consumer, pref-
erable for the producer, and preferable for the
Government. These are my opinions. 1 will
not attempt to defend or discuss them now; but
entertaining them—as I view this amendment as
adopting, in fact,specific duties in a certain shape,
giving the Government the option ot taking the
duties in kind—I should favor an amendment of
that kind, or probably in a more distinct form of
a-duty on the bulk or weight of the article, in
preference to taking it in kind; but the question
that arises here is, whether we can originate in
the Senate any alteration of the existing tariff.
Oil that, my opinions are very clear, thougli I
may not be able to convince others.
There are two questions involved. First, the
honorable Senator from Xsew York [Mr. Seward]
tells us that this is not a question of order, and
* the honorable Senatorfrom Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] supports him. I cannot hold so. To my
mind, that has been plainly answered by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stoart ]
There are rules ot order in the Constitution as
well as rules of older under the rules of the Sen-
ate; and the Senate is as much bound by a mle j
of Older prescribed in the Constitution as .it is by |
a lule of older proscribed in its own written rules j
Our proceeding about the yeas and nays is a lule
of order altogether; it does not touch the question
of the constitutionality of a law passed by Con-
gress; it touches the order of the body. So, too,
the rule as to the initiation of business, where a
particular law is to be first initiated, is a rule of
order, in my judgment, prescribed by the Con-
stitution; and', as I hold myself bouud by the
Constitution, of course, when it prescribes a rule
of ordei, I hold myself as much bound by that
rule of order as I would be if it were enacted by
the Senate among its written rules. There, in
my judgment, lies the distinction. If the ques-
tion was, whether Congress had the constitutional
power, as in the case of internal improvements,
to pass a bill granting appropriations tor certain
improvements, that would not be a question ol
order, of course; it would be a question of con-
* stuutional power entering into the merits of the
law itself—a question which could be judicially
revised, if Congress overstepped the boundaries
of their power as limited in the Federal Consti-
tution. But the question of where a bill shall
originate, is a mere question of order. Theclause
in question is the sole provision in the Constitu-
tion in reference to the initiation of measures.
Whether it is wise or not is the question here,
h'or my own part, I was never able to understand
how, applied to our institutions, such a rule was
necessary; but it is prescribed as a rule of order
in the Constitution, that bills for raising revenue
shall be initiated in the House of Representatives.
1 mean to carry out the Constitution in its letter
and spirit wherever I can. As you are not au-
thorized by the Constitution to originate a bill to
raise revenue, if you attempt to initiate such a bill
by amendment on another bill, so as to alter the
existing law, it seems to me you come to the evil
which the Constitution meant to prohibit. Sup-
pose this amendment were offered as an original
bill; suppose it came before us as an original bill:
would it not be the initiation, in the Senate, of a
bill altering the mode of raising revenue ?
1 have endeavored to give my views on the
question of order, and I consider that it is a ques-
tion of order, and of order alone, under the Consti-
tution- just as much so as whether, if the Presi-
dent were to decide that a safficient number had
or had not risen to call the yeas and nays, it is
in the power of the Senate to appeal from his
decision, and take the vote of the Senate as to
whether that rule of order presented by the Con-
stitution has been complied with, so as to enforce, jj aspect. I have seen propositions introduced into
nr not. to enforce, the call for the veas and navs. i the Senate to remit the duties on railroau iron.
or not to enforce, the call for the yeas and nays.
Is not that a rule of order ? Yet it is not in the
written rules of the Senate. It arises from the fact
that the Constitution has its rules of order as well
as its primary grants of power. If the question
is as to a grant of power, then I admit it is not a
question of order. If, however, the question is as
to a rule of order, which the Constitution pre-
scribes as to the mode of initiating proceedings, it
mustinevitably,in the nature of things, be a ques-
tion of order; and whether that rule of order ex-
ists in the Federal Constitution, or in the written
rules of the Senate, I hold myself equally bound
to obey it.
If this measure would be liable to the objec-
tion that it was a bill for raising revenue when
introduced as an original bill, it is clear that the
same objection equally applies when it is offered
as an amendment to another bill. The view which
I take of that clause of the Constitution which
provides that all bills for the raising of revenue
shall originate in the House of Representatives,
is not that the word " raise" means increase, but
a bill to raise revenue, in the meaning of the Con-
stitution, is a bill to provide for the collection of
revenue and the amount to be collected and the
mode of collection. You cannot suppose a bill
framed to raise revenue, unless the mode be pre-
sented in which it is to be raised, whether it is
by direct taxation, or by indirect taxation, as im-
posts; and in euher case the bill must originate
in the House of Representatives, and the mode
in which the revenue is to be raised is as much
a part of a bill to raise revenue as the amount that
is to be raised and the relative amount charged
on diiierent articles. Where can you draw the
distinction '
I admit there is the distinction pointed out by
i the honoiable Senator from Missouri, that if you
! do not alier the mode prescribed by the existing
; law, but merely provide penalties as accessory to
! that law to prevent frauds, that may be a distinct
i question. Where you prescribe remedies to pre-
vent smuggling, you do notalter the law—you do
; not alter the mode of collection; but would it be
' contended that we could introduce into the Sen-
ate of the United States a bill to change the ml
valorem system into a specific system of duties?
Would that not be a bill to raise revenue > When
the bill passed, how would your duties be as-
sessed? Would it not be by that bill ? Clearly.
Then it is liable to the constitutional objection;
and it matters not whether it increases or de-
creases the revenue.
Again: if a bill were introduced into the Senate
of the United States to reduce all the duties from
their present amounts one half, would not that be
a bill to raise levenue? It would not increase the
revenue; but under what bill, if it passed, would
your revenue be raised ? That is the sense in
which the word " raise'' is used in the Constitu-
tion, as 1 read it. Your revenue would be raised
under the bill introduced into the Senate which
repealed the previous existing laws which were
inconsistent with it.
Admitting, as I do, that t am unable to see why
our fathers, as applicable to this country, inserted
such a provision m the Federal Constitution, still
I find it there, and I am unable to see how a bill
. which altera the mode in which revenues are
raised and may or may not alFeet the amount to
be raised by the existing law, can be originated
in the Senate, either as a direct bill originally, or
by way of amendment to another bill.
I hold, therefore, that this amendment comes
within the prohibition of the Constitution; and
that being so, although I am in favor of altering
the tariffi and although I am inclined to the opin-
ion (but with some little doubt, whether it is im-
peratively necessary that we ought to have acted
on it at this session) that we ought to revise the
tariff for the purpose of changing the mode in
which our duties are imposed, i shall vote against
i receiving this amendment. I will give my reasons
' for my preference for specific duties at the propei
! time, when such a bill comes before us; while I j
' consider that such a mode is most appropriate for
the purposes of revenue alone, though it may Pro" |
duce an incidental advantage to the producer and t
also to the consumer, I cannot vote for this amend- j
ment as it stands, on the views I fake.
Sir, this is no new objection with me. 1 have
? , A ,1_ _   TfUan it Vlflfl
aopecu t nave occn pjvpuuu.wi-.'-v-""- 
the Senate to remit the duties on railroad iron,
and I have opposed them on the constitutional
ground, because they proposed to change and
alter the mode of collecting our revenue. I have
seen propositions introduced to allow a credit on
the iron imported, irrespective of any reduction
of amount; and I opposed them, too, because I
considered them as unconstitutional when origin-
ating in the Senate; because I considered them
an alteration of the primary provisions of a law
under which the revenues of the country are
raised, whether by direct taxation or by a duty
011 imports, which is called indirect taxation, i3
equally in either case a bill to raise revenue, and
so within the prohibitions of the seventh section
of the first article of the Constitution.
For these reasons, though not opposed to the
object of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, I am constrained to vote against the
amendment which he here proposes; and I vote
against it on the question of order, which I think
the appropriate mode of raising the objection.
Nor do I consider the remarks of the honorable
Senator from New York, who placed this ques-
tion in the light that the Presiding Officer, if he
happened to be the Vice President of the United
States, might dispose of it at once as a question
of order, asatall interfering with the view which
1 take of it. In any question which is a question
of order, the Chair must either decide it first, or
referit to the Senate; and the whole question is, is
it a point of order? I suppose it to be a question
of order. I have slated the rase of the yeas ana
liays, as well as the pre <ant question, as a ques-
tion of order arising merely under the provisions
of the Constitution j not the-grants of power, but
the provisions as to the mere order of business.
In the one case, the Constitution prescribes the
mode in which, under certain circumstances, the
vote of the Senate shall be taken; that it shall be
by yeas and nays, if one fifth of the members de-
sire it. That is a question of order under the
Constitution, and under the Constitution alone.
So m the other cusr: the point is not whether
Congress have the power to pass a tariff bill im-
posing specific or (id valorem duties; not whethei
the Senate h?ive a right to pass such a bill when
it comes properly before them; but whether such
a bill, being a bill to raise revenue, as much as a
bill to impose direct taxes would be, can be initi-
ated in the Senate of the United States either as a
primary bill, or by way of amendment to a House
bill, which is not a bill to raise revenue r In my
judgment, it can neither, in the one case nor the
other, be within the constitutional rule of order
which the President of the Senate, and the Sen-
ate themselves, are as much bound by as by their
own written rules. It cannot be commenced m
the Senate. Therefore, I think the question well
raised; and I shall vote against receiving the
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote that this amendment
is in order, because I am not satisfied that it raises
revenue. I shall afterwards vote against the
amendment on its meiits, because I consider it a
very mischievous proposition. But, as to the other
question, the last session we debated it at great
length, and we decided—the Vice President and
the majority of the Senate—that this provision in
the Constitution was a rule of order, and that the
Senate could not receive either a bill or an amend-
ment whiclf proposed to increase revenue; but, as
I understand this proposition, it simply changes
the method of raising taxes already imposed; and.
: therefore, I shall vote that the amendment is in
j order, though I shall vote against it on its merits.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
! rick in the chair.) The question is: " Will the
| Senate receive, as in order, the amendment onered
I by the Senator from Rhode Island? On this
I question the yeas and nays have been orueieu.
; The yeas and nays being taken, resulted yeas
s 28, nays 27; as foHows: ,
! YEAS—Mews. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Broder-
ick, Cameron, Chandler, Cla.k, Cnllrimer, CntnM.den, Dix
. on, Doohttie, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, L oait'i,
Harlan Kennedv, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmon?, Smith,
Toombs, TiumbuH, Wade. and Wilson-28.
NAYri—Messis. JBajaid, Brown, < he-nut, Clay, Cimg-
man Davis, Fuel), Fitzpatrick, Green. Gwin. Hammond,
Houston, Hunter,'fverson. Johnson of Atkan-as. Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Lane, .\3a or>. ro!k, Iteid, Rice,
Shields, Slidell, Stiuut, Ward, arid Yulee—27.
So the amendment was received, and theques-
-   Uv. nn am-aoinn' lf>
Sir, this is no new objection with me. 1 nave .. to hv on aoreeinff tti it
raisfed the same objection when it h*d another li ton was stated to Be an freeing to
