1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
either of the exploring parties, and it may be well
for me hero to state the reason. The party going
west, and which was then commanded by Captain
Beckwith, finding their resources only equal to
the exploration, if they were not compelled to
make any attempt from which they would after-
v/ards have to retire, instead of attempting to cross
from Carson's valley over the mountains, upon
satisfyingthemselves that it was impracticable for
a railroad, turned north to find some better line.
They had heard of Noble's Pass. They found it,
and found that it was nearly, if not quite, imprac-
ticable for a railroad. They went on to another,
the Madelin Pass, through which they passed,
finding-the easiest grade which that chain of
mountains presented. Anxious, however, to sat-
isfy the public, and fully discharge the duty im-
posed, another party on the Pacific was subse-
quently directed to make that exploration across
the line of travel into Carson's valley. The party
were detained in the examination of the Des
Chutes valley until November, and then found
the snow so deep on the mountains that they were j
compelled' to abandon the attempt to cross over !
into Carson's valley, so that it was not until I
found this report of the surveyor general of the
State of California, that I had any positive in-
formation; though before the conclusion was in-
evitably reached, that lfin November the. mount-
ains were covered with snow so deep that engi-
neers could not explore it, it was useless to inquire
whether a railroad could be constructed there or
not. This report of the surveyor general, how-
ever, puts an end to all further speculation of the
subject. , He gives the elevations passing up by
both routes, one on what is called Johnston's Cut-
Off,and the other by the oldl route. I refer to his
report, printed in 1856. The distances are accord-
ing to a survey ma'de in 1855, by an engineer
named Goddard.
I know nothing of the character of the engineer
or the surveyor general. I hope the Senators
from California will not understand me as speak-
ing for either of them. My opinion in relation
to the engineer, however, is favorable, from the
work which he presents. It seems to hold to-
gether very well. It appears that for sixty miles
to the junction of these two roads, Johnston's Cut-
Off and the other, you gain an elevation of four j
thousand feet. On the old Carson trail it is forty-
five miles, thence to the summit at an altitude of
nine thousand feet, the aveiage grade is one bun-
dled and eleven feet. You may geneially double
an average grade m a rolling country. On John-
ston's Cut-Off H is thirty-six miles to the summit;
the altitude is six thousand seven hundred and
fifty feet, decidedly less, which would ^ive an av-
erage grade of eighty feet. To descend from the
summit to Carson's valley by the old route, re-
quires an average descending grade of two hun-
dred feet per mile for twenty-one miles; and by
Johnston's Cut-Off, an average descending grade
of one hundred and forty feet per mile for twelve
miles. The descent and the ascent upon both
these routes, doubling the average grade, show
that it is impracticable to run a railroad otherwise
than by stationary engines, and , therefore, that it
is better to attempt the construction through the
cailon than to cross this mounts in, unless it be by
a tunnel, which is represented to be about two and
a half miles long, without any lateral opening.
There is no estimate for the cost of that. I find
none that lias ever been submitted. I think it was
&n examination rather for a stage road, for which
it was found practicable and highly useful, and
no means, therefore, by which to judge at all of
the expenditure which would render it possible
to pass it by railroad.
In relation to the climate of this route, I would
say that I believe it worse than that on the forty-
ninth parallel, i believe it lias more snow upon
it; that occasionally it has as intense cold; that the
liabilities to loss of life, and the interruptions to
the working of a road, are gieater upon it from
cold and snow than they would be upon the forty-
ninth degree oflatitude.
Captain Stansbury, who passed the winter of,
1849-50 in Great Salt Lake City, says: !
"I had hoped, fiom tlie rcpn>?entations which had been
made to me of the mildness of the two previous winters,
that we should be able to keep the field the greater pait. if
not Uie whole, of the season; but. in Ihe iattei paitoi Novem-
ber, the winter set in with gieat and unusual severity, ac-
companied by deep snows, which rendered any f'urthei pros-
ecution ol the woik impracticable."—(i'age 130 of Report.)
by
" The winter season in the valley of Great Salt Lake was
long and severe. The vicinity of so many high mountains
rendered the weather extremely variable ; snows fell con-
stantly upon ihem, and frequently to the depth of teninehe3
in the plains. In many of the eafions it accumulated to the
depth of fifty feet, filling up the passes so rapidly that, in
rauie than one instance, emigrants who had been belated in
starting from the States were overtaken by the storms in
the mountain gorges, and forced to abandon everything,
and escape on foot, leaving even their animals to perish in
the snows. All communication with the world beyond was
effectually cut ofi'; and. as the winteradvanced,tl)egorges
became more and more impassable, owing to the drifting of
the snow into them fiom the projecting peaks.
" We remained thus; shut up until the 3d of April."—
(Page 12-2.)
One Senator, however, informed us that the
thirty-seventh parallel was the place, and insisted
on running a road straight across on that line.
That is an old story. We used to have it running
straight across and over a very level country;
which level country, when subjected to instru-
ments, proved to be ten* thousand feet above the
level of the sea, with tunnels of such length as no
man yet has ever undertaken to cut. But we have
some additional evidence m relation to the climate
of that route, and not drawn from the railroad re-
ports, of which, perhaps, Senators a,ue getting
somewhat weary. I refer to the report of Cap-
tain Marcy, of the recent expedition which he
made south of this line, trying to find his way
down into New Mexico. He says, in his letter
dated "Taos, New Mexico, January 23, 1858,"
describing his route:
" For two hundied miles I encountered from two to five
feet of snow, requiring great labor on the parr of the csi*ort
to break a trail for the animals, and for several day, I only
matched about three miles per day. In consequence of this,
my rations were consumed ten day* before I reached the
valley of the Rio del None, and it became necc&saiy to sub-
sist my command upon mules that became exhausted and
could perform no fuithei labor."
The exposure and loss of his party encountered
Colonel Fremont in the same region of coun-
try are well known to, and must be remembered
by, the Senate. Captain Marcy, in his letter to
Major Porter, on the same expedition, dated June
12,'1858, says:
-• Our ttace is along the valley of the Grand river to the
junction of the Bunkaree and Ccmpadrc, both of which we
folded, and ascended the latter about fifteen miles. We
found no snow in these vallevs, and the atmos-phcre was
mild, witii much of the gra>!? gie«n.
" Several lodges of Utah Indians were met with upon the
Oompadre, who informed us that the major part of their
band had gone to Snake i ivei upon a Imlialo hunt, and had
taken with them neaily ail ot their best horses. I held out
every inducement to persuade them to sell some of the re-
maining ones, but did not succeed in pui chasing one.
u Th<jy seemed to he am pi} M'pphed witn rifle* and blan-
ket*, which they «.nid had been presented to them by their
agent, m New Mexico. I alto made an effort to hire one
ot i hem to accompany us, as a guuie, as far as tue < Kntch-
c-tope 11 Pa--;*, supposing he vtould know the he^t route to
avoid the deep miowi ; and. as an inducement, I offered
him the value of two hoisos , but he most perumptonly de-
clined, Miyinir 'the snow was veiy deep m the mountains ;
that wo would all peik-h ; and that, for his part, he was not
dicpo-sfd to die m that way ' He also said it would be much
moio wi-e for us to turn about and go back, or stop and
winter with them.
" Out mieipieter icpiied to luui that we were men, and
not old women; that we intended to go on, and had no
fear* as to the result.
'• We pureha-ed somn deer-skins from these Indians,
which weie di.stuhuted anions the soldins, to repan their
shoes and make moccasins, as many ot them were neatly
baieh.oted * * * * * *
On the 20d day of December, we left the valley of the
Comnadre, and taking a southed couise, entered the
mountains, where we at once encounteied snow, which
mere.iM'd m depth as we ascended, and upon the top ofthis
was a haul cum, that cut the mules' legs severely, and
.greatlv augmented the difficulty m traveling.
" On the 34th the snow had become '•o deep that, finding
it unpo-sitilc loroui jaded animal-! any lungei to break the
tiack. I placed f' rty men m the advance who wailed >lowiy
through it, alternating from front to rear a= they became ev-
hausted, and in this manner a path wa« beaten over whieh
the pack mules wuh difficulty pa->ed. The snow continued
to mciea-s" m depth as we advanced.but the men s-ttuggK'd
mo>t man full v on. They were chert ful, and there wuanot
a word of complaint fiom any one of the soldiers.*
" Wc then fo1 lowed slowly on until the 31 st, making about
five mile* a day. This brought us to a small eicek winch
om guidcmformed me had it? n.-eon the Kutch-e-tope Pa 3
ileie we had the mii-fouune to encounter a f-now storm
which added about fourteen niches; to the h^avy bodvot
snow aheady upon the ground, and increased vciy greatly
the (jiiheulty ot breaking a hack through it.
"The following morning dawned upon us with gloomy
auspices, f n fiom promising a happy new yeai ; yet wc
stiugcrled on. and by the severest toil made about two miles
during the eutne day. The snow was now from four to five
feet deep, and tiie leading men weie obliged in many places
to crawl upon their handj and knees to prevent sinking to
their necks. They could onlvgo a few yards at a time be-
fore they were compelled, in a state of exhaustion, to thiow
themselves down, and let others take their places."
He goes on to describe the sufferings of his
men; but I have read enough to show that this is
a country where the obstructions are sacb that
I presume no one, speaking fairly on the subject,
would say it is a fit route for a railroad. He saf-s
further.
" The route we passed over, from Camp Scott to th'eval-
ley of the Rio del Norte, traverses for almost the entire diss-
tance a very broken and mountainous region, over which i
regard it as wholly impiacticable to carry a wagon road
without the expenditure of a vast amount of labor. II
would, however, be a good route for summer travel with
pact muies, as grass, water, and wood, are abundant upon
the whole route. The estimated distance from Camp Scott
to Fort Massachusetts is five hundred atid.mnety-three
miles."
That is in the region of country where the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clare] proposes
to run this road as the only line which he could
favor. In order that I may not have been Mis-
understood in all these heights, I will repeat that
the altitude of the pass Ef Sangre del Christo is
ninety-four hundred feet; and that of the Coo-
eha-to-pee, ten thousand and thirty-two feet; and
here we find a party of soldiers compelled to re-
lieve each other, to crawl on their hands and feet,
in order that they might break the snow sufficient
for the packed mules to follow.
Passing on to the thirty-fifth parallel route,
where it has been said we have the best soil, and
the greatest abundance of timber and water, and
therefore the best line for a road, I will first no-
tice the soil of this region. J read from the office
examinations of the field-work of the railroad
explorations:
ie Grama giass Ivnnp found on the north bank of the'Ca-
nadian, in longitude 96® and extending westward in greater
or less abundance to the Sierra Nevada, indicates that tlie
change fiom fertility to barrenness begins hi that latitude,
at least noith of the Canadian. Cactac«B also make their
appeaiance with grama grass. South of it, however, the
geological formation is that of a good soil, to about longi-
tude 98^-°. At this point the change to uncuitivable land
h complete, except in the river bottoms, which are more
or lesti tertilc, but not the great body of the land. Not far
south ot the route good soil extends westward to the term-
ination of the Wichita mountains. Some portions of the
upper valley of the Canadian, the upper valley of the Pecos,
the valleys of the Rio Giande, Zuni, Colorado Chiquito,
San Fiancjisco, Colorado of the West and its tributaries,
possess a fertile soil, requiring generally irrigation to make
it productive. That portion of the southwest corner of the
Gieat Ba^in traversed by this route, and over which the
explorations of I-ieiuenant Williamson extended, is well
constituted for fertility, its barrenness resulting from the ab-
sence of ram. Generally the uncuitivable plains have an
abundance of nutritious grass, though there are extensive
tracts wherf little or none i<? found—the two greatest being
fiom the Antelope Hills to Tecumcan creek on the Cana-
dian, two hundied and filly or two hundred and sixty miles,
and fiom the lower part of Santa Maria river, to the Mo-
have river, two hundred miles."
Upon this route, I think, with the exception of
that near the forty-ninth parallel, the interior is
better supplied with such timber as will serve to
construct a railroad, than is the case on the other
routes. I am inclined to believe, from all the ad-
ditional information on the subject, that the inte-
rior of the country on the route of the forty-ninth
parallel is better supplied with timber than any
other, and some day it will no doubt be pro-
posed, and proposed properly, to connect the head
of -navigation on the Missouri with the head of
navigation on the Columbia by a railroad, if it can
lie built, and by a great wagon road if it cannot.
1 believe it is practicable for a link of that length
to build a railroad; and when the commerce of
those rivers has been developed, if we can ever
secure the passage of the Cascades by steamboats,
a railroad of that length will pay the company
who build it, being approachable at its-two term-
ini a large portion of the year for that sort of
transportation, which will lie cheaper than a rail-
road, even if the railroad were built from the Mis-
sissippi river.
There are some portions of the thirty-fifth par-
allel route where the timber will have to be carried
a considerable distance. That is so of all of them;
and in the comparison it is hardly necessary to
I speak of that, because it is the case with all. On
\ this route, there is a smaller portion of the dis-
tance, I think, where fuel cannot be got, than in
any other; but " from the Aztec Pass to the Si-
erra .Nevada, four hundred and twenty miles, no
fuel for railroad purposes will be found, and that
for working parties will be scanty in some places. ,
From the point of leaving the Colorado to the
Mohave river, one hundred and fifteen miles, no
fuel is to be had," and no water. That portion
of the difficulty on this route has been constantly
overlooked; no mention has been made of it.
