1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
be in the same ratio for the next thirty years that
it has been for the ]astten,ourinvestmentin rail-
roads will be nearly or quite equal to the present
value of the entire property of this country, and
the profit on the labor of their construction will
be thousands of millions of dollars.
In conclusion, I beg to remind southern Senators
that it is not a Pennsylvania, nor is it a northern
Question. It is a question of " gqxieral welfare."
t is not a question between the jSTorth and the
South as competing sections. It is a question be-
tween the North and the South, the East and the
West, as parts of one single interest, united as
one.people in competition with other nations, as
independent parts of a system of international com-
merce. These great elements of wealth, coal and
iron, are not peculiar to Pennsylvania. They
abound in most of the States. They are the gifts
of a bountiful and all-wise Providence; and it is
the interestand the duty of all the States to unite
in promoting the end of their creation. In this
union of interests and this development of our
resources, the conflict between North and South
will end in a common sentiment of mutual interest,
and we will become, as it is our interests and
our duty we should be, a united and a prosperous
people.
Mr, SEWARD. Mr. President, I beg leave
to call tlve attention of the Senate, for a moment,
to the financial condition of the country. What
is that condition ? It may be described in a few
plain words. The executive department needs
§20,000,0U0 more tiian us utmost available in-
come, to carry on the Government for the next
year. In other words, after allowing the largest
margin for our expected receipts, and reducing
our expense to the lowest figure, we encounter
full in the face an annual deficiency of $20,000,000.
So much for the Government. Now for the finan-
cial condition of the people. The general manufac-
turing; interest among us is straitened, embar-
rassed, and struggling, and the manufacture of
iron is held in a state of suspension. Our cities
and towns, the scats of manufacture, obtain
cheaper bread than heretofore; but the artisans
and laborers are at leas® half unemployed, hesi-
tating between the policy of standing still and
waiting for a revival of their business, on the one
hand, and the doubtful expedient, on the other,
of resorting to agriculture, without practical skill,«
in new Suites and Territni ies. So much for the
financial condition of the eouniry.
Next, I ask the Senate to consider the nature
of the measure before us. It is no proposition to
bring money into the Treasury by taxation, or
by converting fixed property into money. It is
a proposition to reissuel reasurv notes—in effect,
the same thing as to issue new Treasury notes—
for $20,000,000, to meet the annual deficiency of
that sum. It is to borrow to-day to pay the debt
of yesterday, and to borrow to-morrow the money
to refund that we borrowed to-day. I implore
the Senate to-hestow a moment's reflection upon
the circumstance** under which this proposition is
made. Thecountiy is ai peace; in a normal con-
dition of piofound pence with all the world. I
do not cull the demonstration we are making
against the pitiful Republic of Paraguay, high up
as it is on the slope of the Andes, a war; nor do
I deem the occasional skhmishes, between our
scanty regulars or volunteers and thu Indians on
the western plains, woithy to be called a war.
The country is engaged in no great civic enter-
prise, either at home or abroad, it is more com-
pletely disengaged now, than ever before. It has
declined to undertake the construction of a rail-
road to connect and bind together Its widely-dis-
tant ocean shores. It has declined to attempt the >
subjugation of what remains of Mexico. It has j
refused to arm the President with power to levy i
war against the Spanish-American States. It has ;
refused to attempt the acquisition of Cuba, cither i
by negotiation or by force. It has even abandoned 1
the improvement of its domestic channels of com- j
merce,and suspended the prosecution of its «iuat j
scheme of military defense. These $20,000,000, j
therefore, are wanted merely to keep the Govern- j
mentin action, within its most contracted sphere; j
they are wanted, in short, only for the ordinary, j
common, inevitable transactions of.the State, to j
keep the machine in motion. i
The President of the United States has the best |
of reasons for entertaining a favorable opinion of j
the Senate. We have been his willing council in i
most cases; his fond and faithful followers in many
bold though unsuccessful designs in somewhat
devious ways. Heofallrnen is the last who ought
to question the statesmanship of this Senate as a
legislative body. Of all legislative bodies in our
country, the Senate is most exclusively estopped
from questioning the political wisdom and virtue
of the President. Let us see, therefore, what his
opinion is concerning the policy of borrowing
$20,000,000 to pay the ordinary expenses of the
Government under existing circumstances. He
gives it to us in his annual message. •* No states-
man,'* he says, "would advise that we should go
on increasing the national debt to meet the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government." It is clear,
now, that if we adopt this measure, we shall for-
feit the character of" statesmen " in the estima-
tion of the President of the United States. The
President is right in this point; and I am happy
in being able to agree with him. Cordially sus-
taining his Administration as I do, whenever no
paramount principle or policy forbids,! shall not
vote to borrow the $20,000,000 now proposed.
I did consent to borrow last year. I consented
on the ground that the derangement of the pub-
lic credit, and of the business of the country,
was merely an exceptional and temporary one,
and under the belief that one year of returning
prosperity, with the operation of the tariff of 1857,
would bring into the Treasury money enough
to discharge a great part if not the whole of the
$40,000,000 of debt we then contracted. That
expectation has been disappointed. We were
brought, at the very beginning of this session of
Congress, to confront deficient revenues and a
failing Treasury. So early as that day, it became
perfectly manifest that, if we should borrow money
to defray the current expenses of the Government,
we should add just so much permanently to the
existing national debt. So early as that day, we
began to consider how to act in this great emer-
gency. We have debated it with more or less
diligence at various stages of the session. It was
for the friends of the Administration to propose
the policy which the exigency demands. I nave
waited to hear them propose it. But they have
divided and differed. Some of them have insisted
that the remedy for the existing evil is retrench-
ment. I believe that I have seconded their meas-
ures of that character fairly and liberally. I gave
my cordial support to the pioposition which was
made by the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,] to raise a committee to devise
and perfect an adequate scheme of general re-
trenchment under the promised favor and patron-
age of the President of the United States. But
that proposition, so full of promise as it was, has
altogether failed. It has not been adopted by the
Senate. It is no longer mentioned in our debates.
Other Senators insisted that, without adopting the
grave scheme 1 have just described, we should
still be able, by the exercise of proper vigilance
and care in forming and perfecting the appropria-
tion bills, to reduce the expenses of the Govern-
ment within the amount of an increasing revenue.
1 have seconded this attempt also. I do not
claim, indeed, that all my votes have been judi-
cious; but I have exercised a willing disposition
to save money for the Treasury whenever it
seemed possible to do so without endangering or
seriously injuung any great public interest. I
doubt not that all other Senators have acted as
honestly and with as much consideration. But
what is the lesultof all these well-meant efforts
to save money in regulating details of adminis-
tration ? We have effected no retrenchment cor-
responding to the decline of our revenues. There
will be the same deficiency staring us m the face
as We enter the next year, which reproaches and
shames us now, when we leave the closing year
behind us. And now, to sum up all in one word,
ail our general schemes of retrenchment, and all
our special schemes of frugality, have failed to
furnish any help to us in restoring the equilib-
rium between revenue and expense. Even in
the dark and troubled reign of Louis XVI. the
failure of the fiscal ministers to effect the same
great object was less distinctly confessed before
the summons of the States General of France.
Insomuch as the retrenchment specific has en-
tirely failed, what remedy for the public disorder
remains? There is one, and only one: an in-
crease of revenue; and this must be effected by
increasing the imposts on foreign commercc, be-
cause these imposts practically afford all the rev-
enues we enjoy. There are, however, two ways
of effecting an increase of the*amount of these im-
posts. The first one is that which was proposed
by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Simmons,] namely: to provide that duties
shall be levied on a home valuation. This sys-
tem seems to me to commend itself to all who
desire to see our commerce conducted in our own
ports by our own citizens, without loss to the
Treasury, and without fraud and perjury incident
to the present system of collecting revenues by
advilorem duties, or a valuation at the^rts of
shippers in foreign countries. But the Senate has
taken a difFerent view of the subject, and has re-
jected the proposition of the Senator from Rhode
Island, on due deliberation, and by a decided ma-
jority.
There is only one other way to restore sound-
ness and solvency to the Treasury without bor-
rowing, and that way is to increase the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into the United
States. Whether this is a better or worse way
than the way of retrenchment or home valuation
would be, is not now a question. The Senate will
take notice and the country will take notice that
we, the Senators on this side of the Chamber,
have been willing, and have lent our aid to the
efforts which have been made to secure the adop-
tion of the alternatives of retrenchment and home
valuation which I have discussed. The power is
on the other side. It is only cooperation that
this side of the House can give, because, as yet,
we who sit here are a minority But even the
Senate itself cannot originate such a measure as
the exigency of the case demands. If it were in
our power to do so, I should at once bring in a
bill to levy specific duties on the importationa of
iron,and the merchandise fabricated from it, witfr
a few other articles, sufficient to raise the reve-
nues so high as to meet the current expenses of
the Government. The Constitution of the United
States forbids me, and devolves the responsibility
of originating such a measure exclusively upon
the House of Representatives. But the House has
thus far failed to do it. What, then, is the Sen-
ate to do in this case? Shall we authorize the
Treasury to borrow, because the House of Rep-
resentatives does not see proper to tax? I am
unwilling to do it. Let the House perform its
proper duty—acquit itself of its just responsibil-
ity. I prefer to wait until the House of -Repre-
sentatives shall act, and act as it ought to do. I
do not even now anticipate that the House will
refuse or neglect to perform its duty. If the
House shall still neglect or refuse, shall persist
in neglecting or refusing to tax, then I would still
neglect or refuse to borrow until the last. That
House will not ultimately neglect or refuse. It
may do so, if it finds us willing to borrow and
relieve it of its great responsibility. To invite
the Repiesentatives of the people to borrow now is
only to demoralize the House, and divide with it
the responsibility of creating a permanent public
debt. Let the House of Representatives under-
stand that it must prepare a measure to raise ad-
equate revenue by taxation, or else that the Gov-
ernment shall go without supplies. r
I am not to be deterred from this course by any
idle clamor, such as the charge that I want to in-
itiate a high tariff, a tariff of protection for the
sake of protection. The record is made up plain
enough, thank God, now. What I require of
Congress is a revision of the tariff, and an in-
crease of duties, no-t so as to enact a high tariff,
but so as to enact a tariff high enough to save
the country from a national debt—a tariff not for
protection, but one which shall foster industry
while it shall secure needful revenue.
Mr. President, I regard the whole dispute in
this country, between those who are supposed to
support the policy of free trade and those who
are called the friends of protection, as a dispute
about words and names, but not at all about
things. Free trade, absolute free trade, is prac-
tically an impossibility in a country which* de-
rives all, or the chief part, of its revenues from
duties imposed on foreign merchandise. If we
had the resources adequate to the supply of our
Treasury, there is not an American citizen who
would not advocate free trade. We would all be
in favor of free trade, if circumstances and con-
ditions left it possible.
Who would not be in favor of liberty to buy
