ffife CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Gentlemen have spoken of it as though they had
passed all difficulty and reached a point where all
was smooth. They seem to be clinging to the
old error, that the Mohave river is a tributary to
the Colorado, and that when they reached the
Mohave, they have passed into the Colorado val-
ley, an error long since exploded—exploded by
these very explorations. It is shown that there
is a high ridge, rising to four or five thousand feet
above the sea, between the termination of the
Mohave river and the Colorado, and that the Mo-
have river sinks", never to rise again, having an
expansion for some distance from the point where
it sinks, a sort of pool, and then disappearing.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to request the Senator
to describe the route from Fort Yuma, west of
the Colorado, his own favorite route.
Mr. DAVIS. Shall I do it now, or will the
Senator wait until I am ready for it?
Mr. GREEN. Any time you choose.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will only wait un-
til I get to that, he will have it; he is in too much
haste. As to water on the thirty-fifth parallel
route: <
" The exact distances over which water is not found at
certain seasons, or permanently, are not stated. It does
appear, however, ttirft a report to unusual means will be
necessary east of 100° lousitutic. Between that and the
Pacific there are spaces definite ot it, where, from the '
known eliawioler of the geological struuiuie, then; 1-. no
doubt that sufficient supplies pan he obtained either by deep !
common wells, artesian wells, or reseivon^." * *,
* * * These larger supplies ot timber and water, 1
west of the Rio Giancle, aie auanirrt at the expense of gieat |
elevation and somewhat rugged ground." j
On the particular point to which I was referring |
when the Senator from Missouri interrupted me, j
I wish to state the fact that the party of explora- j
tion, when they left the Colorado, had to divide ;
the little party of Captain Whipple into three j
parts to get water enough when they stopped at ,
jnigrht in crossing to the Mohave rivet. I
JMr. GREEN. Lot me ask another question, j
Has any party ever exploicd from the mountains i
westward, by the Mohave nver, through the To- j
jon Pass? i
Mr. DAVIS. I believe they have explored all j
the routes and all the passes. !
Mr. GWIN. I think I can explain to the Sen-;
ator, if ho will permit me.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
- Mr. GWIN. The party of Lieutenant Whip-
ple, when they left the Mohave, instead of going
up to the pass just above the Tejon Pass, to
which the Senator rcfeis, turned down and went
through the Cajon Pass. The junction between
the pointwhereLieutenant Whipple left the Mo-
have river and the Tah-ce-cbay-pah Pass has
never .been surveyed by any party as yet; but I
ha^e never heard that there was any difficulty in
approaching that pass from the Mohave liver.
Inasmuch as Lieutenant Williamson had sur-
veyed this pass, and the C.ijon Pass had neuT
been surveyed. Lieutenant Whipple, in oidec to
do the most st*i vicr, sui veyed that pass. They
turned from the Mohave and went through the
Cajon Pass, the other pass having been surveyed
by Lieutenant Williamson; but lie did not make
a connection with the Colorado river, nor did
Lieutenant Whipple make a connection from the
Mohave river to these passes in Sierra Nevada.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no difficulty about the
Tah-ee-chay-pah Pass. AfVr ascending the \al-
ley of the Mohave, and knowing the pass, there
was no necessity of examining the simple plain
that lay between the two. The difficulty is be-
tween the Colorado and Mohave rivets. The sup-
position left undetermined by Lieutenant Whip-
ple was, that the Mohave river emptied into the
Colorado. Pie left the field with that supposi-
tion; it thus appears in his preliminary report. I
doubted whether it was so, and Lieutenant Parke
was ordered to examine and settle that question.
He did examine it; and instead of its emptying
into the Colorado, he found an elevation of four
to five thousand feet between the last water of the
Mohave and the bank of the Colorado. Lieu-
tenant Parke's examination completed the explo-
ration of that portion of the route; and it g'ves
all the information the Senator can desire in rela-
tion to that point,aboutwhich, 1 believe, nobody
has ever expressed any doubt.
i will now go to the route on the thirty-second
parallel, as the Senator from Missouri is anxious
to get to it. I hope he does not expect me to
make it quite smooth, or suppose that I will find
water at convenient distances, cultivable land, and
timber continuously along the route. I know of
no such route across our Territories. I wish I
did. If there was a route where it was thus made
easv to build a railroad, I should feel a security
for the future which I do not possess; and it would
bring in its train not only the construction of such
a work, but it would bring with it that continuous
population which is needful to bind the two parts
of the country together. I know of fio such line.
I believe it is a herculean task, attempt it where j
you will; go on what parallel of latitude you may, ;
all you can do is to take the least of most serious j
obstacles. I reached the conclusion that the diffi- ;
culties were least on the thirty-second parallel; j
not that they were light. There have been various ;
modes of connecting this line south of the Gila ,
with the Rio Giande. i
The office examination gays:
"After amending from the bottom lands of the Rio ,
Grand*, in traversing the region examined by Lieutenant !
Paike between these two rivers, from Dona Ana to the
Pimas villages, one appears to be traveling on a great plain,
iritenupted irregularly and confusedly by bare, ragged,
abrupt, isolated mountain masses, or short ranges, seem- !
ingly, though not in reality, without system. Winding !
around these isolated or lost mo'untauis, or using a few j
passes tliiougb them, a latlroad may be constructed with :
easy giades. Except thiough the mountain passe*, the j
suiface is so smooth a*< to require but little prepaiation to 1
receive the -ii[>ei>tiueturc of araihoad; and even in the j
two mo-.t diiheult of the pa^es, (where in one case, deep '
ciitt'iig or a tunnel at the bummit, neai the surface, m rock, [
with heavy >ode cuttings and high embankments for short
distance*, and m the other a «Jiort euf of sixtv feet—piob-
abty thiouijn lOek—aie piopo&ed by Lieutenant Parke, to ;
attain grades of foiry six feet and ninety feet per mile, or !
less. by increasing dis-tanee,) the natm.il >lope of the ground i
may he used foi a lailroad for tempotaiy puipose*.and un- j
td the road itself can reduce the cost oi materials and s>up- i
plie^ to the lowest iates." ]
The resurvey shows that the two most difficult '
passes may be avoided. >
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, I will inquire of the Sen- ;
ator where he commences on that route: at El
Paso, on the west line of Texas? ;
Mr. DAVIS. This exploration begins just .
above El Paso. It goes on to speak of the coun-
try from the Rio Mimbres to San Pedro, desti-
tute of running water one hundred and fifty-two
and a half miles. Then comes the Valle de Sauz,
seventy-two miles, where water is always found.
Then, from San Pedro to Tucson is fifty-three
miles. It goes on and gives the points of water
in regard to which this lemark was made, and
which I believe still to be correct:
"The men unfavorable condition, towards the teimina-
tion of the dry se.wm, has been presented above. Al oilier
seasons, lakes and .-pnngs will furm-h watej at much
shoitfii intervals; but the'first step in the conduction of
the rond will be building wells between the points of abun-
dant supply."
It lias been argued, and I think successfully,
that if the road were built, they could go from one
supply of water to another; but that has never
satisfied my mind of the difficulty which presents
itself in building the road, i do not see how tiie
road is to be built, how working parties are to be
sustained, with the distances which arc found
upon every route which ever has been surveyed,
After the road is built, it would be possible to run
the locomotives over very great distances; and,
though it would not be most desirable, it would
be feasible, if water failed at intermediate points,
that you could still go on. The reason why the
construction of wells is presented, is not so much
for the woiking of the road, as the absolute ne-
cessity of having water in the construction of the
road. The greatest distance between the springs
js forty miles. In relation to the timber on this
line, the points of supply are presented here:
" For ties, the lumber of the Sacramento and Guadalupe
mountains, and, it' neeessarv, from the eastern portion of
the loute, mu-t fust supply them ; then the mountains at
the sluices of the Rio Mimbie^. should it be found eco-
noimeul to l-'soit to them, and tne t-ouicc of supply for the
road along the Gda, winch wi!i be pointed out pte&eutly.
Lumber will come fiom the same points."
There is no timber along that section; none
over a large portion of the plains. Then begin-
ning; at the Gila, where the Senator from Mis-
soun wishes, seven miles above the Pimas vil-
lages:
'* We have now reached the Gila, seven miles above the
Punas village*, the elevation above the s>ea being one thou-
sand three hundred and bixty-five l'eet. From this point to
us junction with the Colorado, the valley of the nvei is
highly favoiable to the constitution of a railroad. There
will be 110 necessity for embankments against freshets, but
trifling occasional cutting and filling; and in those in-
stances wlieie the lulls close in upon tiie riveij there is
ample space for the road without heavy cutting. The ele-
vation at the mouth of the river being one hundred and
eight feet and the distance between the two points two
hundred and twenty-three miles, we have a general slope
of five and six tenths feet per mile, which, trom the favor-
able chaiacter of the giound, may be assumed asthegrade
of the road.
"Water and fuel for working parties are sufficient,
though no gra^s. Logs may be duven down the Gila frotn
the Mogoyan mountains, at irs s-ouree. from the Pinal
Lleno, and down the San Francisco and Saitnas rivers,
from the pine forests on the former, and the mountains at
the source of the latter."
Mr. GREEN". "Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. He misunderstands the point
to which I directed his attention.
Mr. DAVIS. ButI will treat of it when I come
to the other route.
Mr. GREEN. But from the manner in which
the Senator spoke of me, I thought he was sup-
posing he was answering my question.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give way to the Senator,
if he wishes to take up the line of argument; but
if he chooses that I shall go on, I should like'to
do so.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot consent to explain a
question like this, of physical geography, by the
interjections of the Senator from Missouri:
" But it mavbe found more ccomomcal to receive all the
supplies of lumber needed, fiom t!v- we^tet n portion of the
road, either tiom the .San Beinuuiino mountain* and Pa««s,
or trom the liarbois of San P< din os Diego, or, should it be
found desirable to e->tabhj-h one, from the depot near the
mouth of the Gila."
Senators will perceive that I am here explain-
ing the basis on which 1 entciUuned an opinion,
which opinion governs my vote in this case. I
have no controversy.with anybody. I do not
expect to prove that there is water where nature
has given none. I do not expect to satisfy gen-
tlemen that their routes are not as good as they
wish them; but I am dealing with the facts as they
are contained in the reports, to justify me in the
opinion which I have officially expiessed, and on
which I am now acting in my proposition to grant
a given sum to mnko a railroad. I have not en-
countered all this labor as a mere matter of con-
troveisy with anybody.
" The most favorable point for crossing the Colorado is
at the junction of the Giia. wheie the nver is nanowest,
Mt bundled and ility leet wide, «ud had bluffs on both
banks.
" The direction that the road should take acioss the desert
intervening between it and the loot ot the CtfJtbt lansre, de-
pends, ia pait, upon the position of the pa^s by which it
-cros^ea thi-s mountain chain. There tire two pa«>es known
and exploied. Warner, the more youthen) o; the two, wall
requne five mile-j of exravation m aianit* and mica slate
{or the full width of the i',>d. the urade-s varying from one
hundred and thirty to one hundred and ninety feet per
mile."
Here I wish to say that, since this examina-
tion was made and the altitude announced, as
upon the result of Lieutenant Williamson's ex-
ploration with tire barometer, it has been exam- 1
ined and reported upon by the level by a civil
engineer, and the difference is between three thou-
sand seven hundred and ninety-five and three
thousand six hundred and twuiity-nmc feet, Mr.
! Poole, the civil engineer making it three thousand
six hundred and twenty-time, whereas the topo-
graphical engmer, by the baiometer, had made it
three thousand seven hundred and nmety-iive—
the thousands are the stuue, the hundreds are a
little different. I mention this to shovv the accu-
lacy with which these barometrical altitudes have
been determined:
'• The distanceri fiom the mou'h of Hie Gila, over the des-
ert, to the entiance or uu- pa-^, is ti^hty miles ; thenee to
Pan Diego i,- one hundred and fifty miles. The San Gor-
fcoino or £<;ut i)e,i nardmo Pass, on the eontrur>, remaika-
b!v favorable It i>« an open valley, fiom two to five miles
wide, the sut face Sihooui and unbroken, affording in its
fotm and inclination eveiy lacihty and no ob&uueuon to
tiie building or a raiho.id."
And over this plain of eighty miles, to which
the Senator from Missouri calls my attention,
I will say to him that, with the exception of tiie
period when a pool of water was found, to which
they gave the name of New nver, it has been con-
sidered as a desertjiorftarZo. It is certainly desti-
tute of water: but it is evidently a delta formation,
and not a desert in the sense of being unproductive
if it had water. It is all of it alluvial soil, and
clearly once belonged to the Colorado, and was
habitually overflowed by it; but the formation of
the batiks of that stream, having sufficient moist-
ure and tenacity to catch the sand driven by the
