1359.
T-HE CONGRESSIONAL GJLQJBE.
m
winds upon it, has at last made a barrier, stopping
the overflow of the Colorado, and the long d rou^ht
upon the alluvial land orf the plain west of it has
rendered it entirely sterile. Thus, I am informed,
it is now all along the Rio Grande, the moment
the cultivation of a field is abandoned,leftforbut
a few years without irrigation, sterility settles
upon it, and it becomes wholly unproductive; but
it can be revived again. It is surrendered to arid-
ity, not to the encroachment of sand as along the
Nile, and therefore rendered worthless for other
purposes, but it becomes sterile from the want of
moisture.
" The elevation of tlie mouth of the Gila i- one hundred
and eight feet, and the grade across the plain nearly hori-
zontal. Approaching the pass, we have for ten and a half
miles an a&cendmg slope ol torty feet per mile; then for six
miles, one 6f eighty-nine feet per mile. We are now at the
point one hundred and thiitv-thice miles from the mouth of
the Gila. The natural slopes along the line of suivey are
Bufficiently practicable for a lailway."
I have spoken generally of the lumber. It is
spoken of more specially in this report:
" The worst case having been discussed, it remains to be
said that good ties and lumber can be obtained from the
Guadalupe and Hueeo mountains, from the head waters of
the Rio Mimbies, from the Pinal Lleno, Salinas rivei, and
head wateis of ihe San Francisco, and from the San Ber-
nardino, mountains, of Siena Nevada or Coast lange, which
sources of supply may be found to materially obvnte the
necessity of transporting lumber from the two ends of the
road."
Such is the general report. Over this line there
is an amount of territory which must ever remain
unproductive, unless that hope which has become
less and less in the progress of years, should
hereafter be realized, and we shall be enabled by
boring- artesian wells to obtain water. When that
is done, fertility will result wherever there are
the necessary elements in the sod itself. Until
that time all those routes are broken by a wide
belt of desert. The reports show a fewer number
of miles through this desert region on this line
than any other, and also show that the longest
distance between the points-which can be supplied
with certainty from" permanent water is forty
miles.
Upon a careful, thorough, and rijrid examina-
tion of the information collected by the exploring
parties, it appears that the route near the thirty-
second parallel possesses advantages greater than
any other surveyed, and fulfills the requisition of
Congress for " the most practicable and econom-
ical route from thelVIississippi river to the Pacific
occan." It is the shortest route; its length being
from one to four hundred miles less than the two
shortestof the other routes; it is likewise the short-
est route to San Fiancisco, being one hundred
miles shorter than any other. The vast unculti-
vable belt through which all the routes must pass
is crossed by the route of the thirty-second par-
allel where the width is least, its length through
this region being two hundred miles shorter than
upon any other line.
The mountain region on this route has the least
elevation, and the table lands preponderate to a
greater degree than on the other routes.
It is the most economical route; the estimated
cost to the Pacific being from eighteen to twenty
million dollars less than that of any other, and to
San Francisco $10,000,000 less; the cheapness of
construction being due to thegreat extent of plains
and table lands where the road-bed preparation
required is slight.
The mountain pa^es are open and their natu-
ral slopes admit of temporary use without costly
preparation. The winters are so mild that no
difficulties, impediments, or dangers from snow
and ice are to be apprehended, and this admits of
the use of very steep grades.
On all the routes, unusual means must be re-
sorted to for supplies of water at the distances
usual on railroads. The intervals between the
large permanent supplies on the route of the thir-
ty-second parallel, are not too great for the work-
ing of a railroad. Additional supplies at shorter
distances, may be collectechby tanks or wells.
In the uncultivable belt that separates the Mis-
sissippi from the Pacific, extensive areas of ara-
ble soil are to be found. The route of the thirty-
second parallel is neither less favorably situated
in this respect, nor in population and mineral
wealth, than those in other latitudes, nor is the
supply of building materials and timber mate-
rially less on this route than on the others, ex-
cepting an interior portion of the route near the
forty-ninth parallel, where a dense growth of firs
is found for the space of one hundred miles. •
The route of the thirty-second parallel is not only
the shortest and cheapest, but the character of its
construction is such that it could be executed in
a vastly shorter period. It is obvious that a road
on any of these routes, with the exception per-
haps of the forty-seventh parallel, must be built
continuously from the two extremities, and an
obstacle that arrests its progress at any point de-
fers thecommencementof all the work in advance.
The tunnels and much of the other work on the
more northerly routes in the most desolate re-
gions are such ns could not be commenced until
a road was constructed up to those points, and
would then require a long period for their com-
pletion.
On the southernmost route, on the contrary,
the progress of the work will be regulated chiefly,
by the speed with which cross-ties and rails can
be delivered and laid, the nature of the country
being such that throughout the whole line the
road bed can easily be prepared in advance of the
superstructure. The few difficult points, such as
the Pass of the Guadalupe and Hueco mountains,
and the passes between the Rio Grande and Gila,
would delay the work but an inconsiderable pe-
riod.
This peculiarity of the ground presents another
advantage in the fact that temporary tracks could
be laid upon the natural surface of the earth to
almost any extent, to serve for the transportation
of materials and supplies.
The comparison instituted in the office when
the field work of the various explorations was
brought in, was to fulfill the requirements of Con-
gress, to find the most practicable and economical
route for a railroad from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean. I am not engaged now in the
investigation of that exact question. It is simply
| a question of crossing the Territories; but as it
J may connect itself in any action of Congress, I
have prepared a table which contains somewhat
; more succinctly than it is found in volume seven
I of the railroad reports, and with some additional
| information since volume seven was issued, so as
to show the distances by the proposed railroad
routes, of the sums of the ascents and descents, the
comparative cost of the different routes, the num-
ber of miles through arable land, the- number of
miles through land generally uncultivable, the ar-
able still being found in small areas, the altitude
above the sea, and the highest point.
In this connection I wish to refer to the testi-
mony of a civil engineer who has been over both
the thirty-fifth and thirty-second parallel routes,
! and looked at them with a view to the construc-
i tion of a railroad. He was first connected with
a party of exploration of the route near the tlur-
! ty-fifth parallel—Albert H. Campbell. I intend
! to read from a letter which I find addressed by
j him to the Hon. Guy M. Rrya*t, of Texas, in
| relation to the Pacific railroad, published in 1858.
: On the first page he sets forth the total indifference
! to him as to which of the two routes may be se-
lected, and the absence of any pecuniary motive
to influence him one way or the other He says:
" I have no pecuniary or kindod internet m the EI Pruo
route, and consequently have no motive formy preference,
i except an honest conviction, derived from personal obser-
' vaimn, that it is emphatically the most practicable, cheap-
est. and shot test route between the Mi -M^sippi river and
the'Pacifie ocean; and the country through which if passes,
as a whole, will compare favorably with any other route in
agricultural and pastoial repouices, and in imncial wealth,
and that it w the only route that can be successfully worked
during the enine year." * * * ' * ]
" It is practicable to conduct a railroad along the Albu-
querque route, reported by Captain Whipple ; but 1 main-
tain, and am willing to leave the decision to the ablest im-
partial lailroad engineer m the coumrv, that it cannot be
done without an immense outlay of treasure m piepnnng a
road-bed, and exceeding, bv at lean nventy-fivr per cent.,
the co^t'of constructing a road of equal length ovci the
thirty-second parallel."
Again, he says that fertile " mountain valleys
and river-bottoms exist upon all the routes, and
the difference in the areas found in the different
latitudes is not sufficiently great to be of any con-
siderable weight in determining the question of
,, choice of routp."
i' Pie goes on to speak of the character of the sur-
ji veys, and then shows, on what he has evidently
| j based his judgment, that it was impossible to work
|l a road on the thirty-fifth parallel during the entire
ij year. Of the climate, he says:
i1 In regard to the elimate of winter on thy Albuquerque
route, T am satisfied that if will be'fottridtdo cbld to work
a railroad successfully for at least three, if not four, months
of the year. The recorded experience of si'x winters "at Fort
Defiance, only twenty miles in latitude north of OampHell's
Pass, and about the saine elevation (as I observed when I
went to that post in November, 1853, through Campbell's
Pass, though the Army Meteorological Register,-page 641,
puts « down (or rather up) to '7,200 (?) feet5 above the level
of the sea) must be taken as conclusive of this fact of it be-
ing at times extremely cold.
<e At Albuquerque, according to the meteorological report
of the medical department of the United States Army, the
maximum and minimum temperatures, respectively, w^re,
for the winter months of 1849 and 1650 r m December, 53",
5°; -January, 49°, 12? below-zero; February, 57°, 17®. For
1850and 1851: in December, 52®,5° below zero; January,
57°, 8s; February, 59°,7®. For 1852and 1853: in Decem-
ber, 63°, 21°; January, 65®, 19"; February, 06°, 13°. For
J8o3 and 1854: in December, 66%20° ; January,63°, 5® ;
February, 67°, 15°; and inDecember, 1854, 58°, 19°.
" At Fort Defiance, about twenty miles noith of Camp-
bell^ Cass in latitude, and from three to five hundred
highei, the maximum and minimum temperatures, respect-
ively, were: For the month of December, 1851, 62% 4°;
eighteen inches snow. .For 1852 and 3,853: inDeeember,
50°, 2° ; Januaty, 55°, 7° ; February. 56°, 6°. E*or 2853and
1851: in December. 57°. 6°; January, 49", 20® below zoro;
February.54% 2°. For 1854and 1855: December,65% i0°;
J.muaiy, 59% 17® below zero; February, 61°, 13°. For-i855
and 1856: December, 56°,25°belowzeto; Januaiy,54°,8®
below zero; February, 51% 3° below zero.,f
My friend from the hyperborean region of
Iowa, will consider it cold whenever it sinks be-
low zero anywhere. A great error has been com-
mitted in supposing that because the thirty-fifth
parallel route is in a southern latitude it must-be
a warm country. Elevation has as much to do
with the thermometer as the parallel of latitude
on which a spot is found. Here is an elevation
of seven thousand feet above the sea, and a coun-
try entirely deprived of moisture. The air from
the ocean has deposited all the moisture it pos-
sessed in passing the mountain ranges, before it
roaches this plain. Over it, then, the hollow
winds "howl with a degree of cold scarcely less in-
tense than that found in any portion of the coun-
try. But going through with this table, the wri-
ter says.
" The table above will give a fair idea of the climate of
the count) v. The winter of 1855-56 was more severe than
any one known lor many years. The wintry weather com-
menced on the 1st of Novembei, 1855. and has continued
up to the present time, (March 14,1856 ) The Rio Grande,
at Albuquerque, wad frozen over, and with ice sufficiently
strong to bear ahoise and carreta. Those Indians who live
habitually to the north of Fort Defiance, were obliged to
abandon that pomon of the country and move south, with
their flocks and hercK m quest of grazing, on account of
the depth of snow, which, in the mountains, at whose base
the foit is situated, was over two'feet in depth, in March,
1556." (Ooircs-pondence, J. Leatherman.assistant sur«eon
United States Army; Smithsonian Report, 3855, page287.)
Speaking of the immense exposure encountered
on this elevated plain in winter, Mr. Campbell
says:, ^
'• The imagination ertn readily picture the terrible calam-
ity which would inevitably befall a train load of passen-
gers en route for the Pacific ifan aceidentof a similar kind
should Hop their progress midway-upon one of those deso-
late aitemenia districts,-between th^Ojo de-Gallo and the
Little Colorado, and between the valley of the Big Sandy
Fork and the sink of the Mohave, where no human habit-
ation can ever'exist between th«r permanent water sta-
iions." .
Ho treats the supply of water, then, pretty
much as I have noticed it in other reports. He
notices the fact that Captain Marcy, after having
traveled over the thirty-fifth,and then seeing the
thirty-second parallel route, testified m favor of
the thirty-second as an emigrant route. He cites
the opinion of Major Emoiy as to the route on
the thirty-second degree. He says:
" In an allusion to the subject of .i railroad, (on page 51,
fir«t volume Mexican Boundary Report,) be (Major Emory]
I emphatically declares, of the advantage gained by the la«u,
j dr Gadsden ticaty. that it k has secured what the surveys
| made under the orders of the War Department demonstrate
| to be the most feasibfe,if not the only practicable, route for
j a railway to the Pacific.
| I will say of that officer, that he is the first who
I made an examination of that country, and re-
■ ported its topography so accurately as to eleva-
tion,latitude,and longitude, that his report stands
, to this day uncontradicted by subsequent explo-
! ration, while other maps of the sfjme, or anterior
i date, have been swept out of existence by the fal-
j lacies that were found written upon them. Hav-
! rng made the exploration at that early day, he
i has again returned to the same section of country
I and engaged in the survey of the Mexican bound-
| ary. 1 hold that his opinions, therefore, have
1 the peculiar value which belongs to the accutaoy
he has shown in all his work heretofore, and the
double opportunity he has had to judge of this
i! particular section. 1 may also say that he was,
