1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of American industry. This is a revival of that
which I think has long existed as a delusion upon
the country. I hold to-day that there never has
been a revenue tariff yet, so far as it looked to the
protection of American manufactures, which did
not discriminate against the laborer and in favor
of Ae capitalist; and I now challenge any of the
advocates of the system to lay their hand upon a
single instance where the discrimination has not
been for the capitalist and againsFthe laborer.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall he very glad if the
Senator from Mississippi will point out some en-
actment in which a discrimination has been made
for the benefit of the capitalist against the laborer.
Mr. DAVIS. If that is all you interrupted me
for, if you had held up, you would have got it in
a minute. 1 have a case, and I mean to present
it. The Senator who has read to us an essay on
the subject this morning, and who has availed
himself of-every convenient opportunity, during
the present session, to read an essay on this sub-
ject, when I put to him the question, rises and
returns it to me with all gravity, as if 1 had been
the introducer, and he only the attentive auditor
of some one who was lecturing on the tariff.
Why, sir, he has been the teacher; I am not the
taught. I have heard his lessons, and learned
nothing from them. I asked a dircct question,
and he returns it back to me.
[ will take the material in which, from many
causes, I have been most interested, and which
constitutes a species of manufacture to-day the
largest in capital, and the largest in its effects upon
the commerce of the United States in its relation
to foreign countries—cotton and its manufacture,
13y an examination of the manufacture of cotton
in America and in England, 1 find that the cost
of one pound of No. 14 yarn, in the United States
and in England, bears about this comparison: m
the United States, 1 put the labor per pound at four
and sixty-two hundredths cents; the interest on
the capital, and wetu and teai in the United States,
esiimated at ten per ccife, upon an investment of
#201),000, is two and thirty-eight hundredths cents;
the supplies, we will say, ninety-eight hundietUhs
here and in England; the interest in England one
half that in the United States, and the labor ten*
per cent less; the price of cotton the same; the
waste the same. Adding these items together,
you have the lota! cost for a pound of No. 14 yarn
m the United States, twenty-one and forty-eight
hundredths cents; in England, nineteen and sev-
enty-nine hundredths cents, being a difference of
one and sixty-nine hundredths cents. Now, a
duty of twenty-five per cent, would be four and
ninety-five hundredths upon the cost in England,
less the difference in the cost of manufacture, which
we have just stated to be one and sixty-nine hun-
dredths, which would leave three and twenty-six
hundredths. Then, as we sell in this country on
six months' credit, wheieas in England they sell
for cash, deducting from the difference already
stated, fifty-nine hundredths for the six months'
credit m this country, it would leave a residue of
two and Nixty-seven hundredths cents, which,
upon four and sixty-two hundredths cents, the
cost of the labor in the United States, would be
exactly sixty per cent. Or it may be stated more
briefly thus:
The cn^t of one pound in the United States is. .21.48 cents.
Add pei wut. on 21.48 as piotuetion lor
Amoncun Uboi 2 67 "
Total
.2t.l
The eo--t of one pound m Hngl.'iud ia ...19 79
Less, -six months'eiedit 3$ "
Add twenty five per cent, duty on crwt  4.9.") "
Those are equivalents. That is upon a lower
character of manufacture. Then let us go to a
higher, and take one pound of No 40 yam.
There, by the same mode of calculation upon the
same amount of capital, a capita! of $'3UU,000, giv-
ing tin; same advantage for interest in favor of the
English, and the same advantage in the cheaper
laboi, we find that a duty of twenty-five per cent,
gtves on that higher character of manufacture a
protection of only nineteen per cent. Why is
this ? It is for the capitalist who requires a large
capital for the higher manufacture, not for the
labor. -The labor in the one case is the same as
in the other; and yet we have beeq, told time and
again by those who have advocated these scales
of duty, that they were asking nothing upon the
coarse cotton; and so deceptively have the sched-
ules been drawn, that,while the country believed
they were standing alone, they were getting sixty
per cent, upon what alone they claimed protection
for—labor. We can only excuse them from the
charge of having thus practiced a fraud by admit-
ting what I stated in the beginning, that the duty
is arranged to protect the capital, not the labor.
I give my case to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
I hope I have his attention.
The Senator from Pennsylvania went on to in-
form us that he would protect the rights of the
producer of cotton as he would those of the pro-
ducer of iron. I thank him for the patriotic pur-
pose, the fraternal feeling which prompted the
declaration; but I am at a loss to know how he
would protect the interests of the grower of cot-
ton. I can imagine no mode in which he would
approach legislation for the protection of the
grower of that which now, to a grea£extent, con-
trols the commerce of the world, and of which
we are the great exporter. The price in the Uni-
ted States is regulated not only by the price in
Liverpool, but by the classification in Liverpool.
Unless the Senator will provide for paying out a
bounty for every pound or bale of cotton pro-
duced, there is no possible mode by which he can
legislate for the benefit of the cotton planter. For
a long time, it is true, you did retain in the Amer-
ican tariff a protection or a duty imposed on the
importation of cotton, well knowing that no cot-
ton was imported; that it was entirely delusive
there to insert it, if anybody, indeed, was ever
stupid enough to believe itcould be thus imported.
Equally true is it of rice, except so far as the
Chinese upon the Pacific coast, adhering to the
diet to which they have been accustomed, still
insist upon importing Chinese rice.
How, then, does the Senator propose to exem-
plify this patriotic and generous feeling winch he
announces? 1 give him credit for the feeling. My
old and habitual personal regard for him made it
very welcome to me to hear him announce that
feeling; but it is needful that 1 should point out
to him the fact that his feeling is one which can
do us no possible good, except the pleasure some
may derive from 11, as i did when 1 heard it.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow me
to say to him that, while I return all the kindness
of personal feeling and respect that he talks about,
I think we do protect the South. What is this
large Navy for but to protect your interests?
You want it increased now. Within the last few
months, at least one, or perhaps two, ships, laden
with slaves, have been bi ought into your south-
ern country, which you have not been able to
keep out, and the perpetrators of the crime you
have not been able to discover. We are taking
care Of your interests, I think, by having a Navy
to protect you from that influx of negroes which
is Komg to reduce the value of your property.
What is this great Army for? We do not want
it in the North. Our population can take care of
themselves. This Army has been necessary for
a gicat many years down on your borders, and
will probably be for a great while to come, to pro-
tect you against domestic troubles.
It seems to me that the South have had about
as much benefit fiom this Government as any por-
tion of the Union. They talk a great deal about
their cotton. They arc fortunate, to be sure, in
having a great agricultural product which at this
moment, and perhaps for all time, will command
a ready sale, at high prices; but that does not
prove that they do not want the protection of the
Government all the time; nor does it prove that
they ought to feel, in the pride of success, a de-
sire to tiample on the interests of other sections
of this country. 1 repeat, there is no question
| brought up here affecting the North, but gentle-
j men of the South, if it looks at all to the prosper-
i ity of our manufactures, imagine that wrong is
| being done to them. Does it do you harm because
' we are prosperous? I think not. You ought to
i rejoice m it. On the contrary, the constant com-
| plaint and constant charge on us is, that we are
I destroying your interests. If you have all the
! prosperity you talk about, and I am glad you have,
why do you make complaint of us when we de-
sire to have our interests protected and cared for?
Mr JD A VIS. The Senator interrupted me, for
what purpose I have yet to learn, unless it was to
interject a portion of the essay which he had not
written out. I made no such complaint; I made
no such boast. We are wealthy enough to take
care of ourselves, and we ask no bounty to our
labor. It is not true, however, that I boasted, in
any sense of the word,.of our prosperity. I said .
we did not get your protection, and you could not
give it, to the interest to which the Senator.re-
ferred. *1 did not say that the Army and Navy
might not be a protection to the 'South, as well as
to other sections of the country; but, since the
Senator has made that discrimination, I will tell
him that he is altogether at fault when he sup-
poses our section to be that which either the one
or the other does protect. It has been many years
—and then only when they were escaping from
an epidemic—when the foot of a United States sol-
dier was on the soil of Mississippi; and my friend
[Mr. Clay] says it is true of Alabama. On the
frontier of the Rio Grande we have posts, and so
we have on the frontier of tip Niagara; and where
ever our people look out into a foreign country,
it may be needful to have military posts. Now,
however, but very small garrisons can possibly be
kept in either. I never heard such an argument as
that which the Senator adduces to show the bene-
fits we derive from-the Navy—that there are two
ships which have come in with Africans, and the
Navy is necessary to prevent a flood ot others^
from following them, and that we never shall be^
able to detect anybody who brings them in. I
have heard of but one, and that one but a poor
little schooner; and I understand that bills have
have been found against the persons who brought
in a few Africans upon that; so that the Senator
is wrong all out, and worse and worse the further
he goes. It is only to protect the South from get-
ting, if they please to receive it, a cheap labor to
compete with that which you import. We ad-
here to the law passed under constitutional au-
thority. Therejias been a public sentiment that
has, }rom the origin of the Union, prevented the
importation of African slaves in violation of law.
You have worked yourselves into an idea of sickly
philanthropy, with distorted vision, imagining
that we were about to derive some benefit to the
injury of others. At last, the Senator turns off,
by announcing that we are protected from the in-
flux of cheap labor. So long accujjpmed to dis-
claim against the curse of cheap Tabor, so little
perceiving what is the truth, he imagines that the
planter would be ruined by cheap labor; the thing,
above all others, that every*man who employs
human labor desires; which it is a mere Action
in the manufacturer, as it would be in the planter,
j for him to say that he would not desire, and
| which would not contribute to his interests. We
| have, for other reasons, social and political, not
chosen to admit the importation uf Africans; and
if there wa« no law of the United States against
it, we would replace it by a law of our own State;
and, first of all, we took the lead in breaking
down that importation; and the first time a sov-
ereign State spoke in tones bordering on defiance
to the Federal Government, it was the State of
Virginia, on this very subject of importing Afri-
cans into her ports; and let me tell the Senator
that northern traders were the persons then, as
now, engaged in it.
But,sir, in this tissueof errors, growingoutof
a total misconception of the social and industrial
position of the South, the Senator passes on to
another suggestion, which I have heard so often
that I am afraid, at last, somebody will begin to
believe it—that is, that the white laborers m the
South are degraded. There never was anything
less true asserted upon the floor of the Senate;
never anything less true asserted out of it. Where
men may stoop to willfully misrepresent truth,
theie never was anything less true than that state-
ment, repeated often as it may be; but it is ex-
actly that lower caste in the human species, that
substratum 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 beg the Senator's pardon.
Is he replying to me?
Mr. DAVIS. I reply taithe statement, and I
reply m no offensive sense. The Senator makes
a statement that the white laborers of the South
are degraded. I say there was never anything
less true, either in the Senate or out of it. I say
