486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
at one time, in the office of examination, and that
while in that office he had all the reports submit-
ted to him, and, therefore, h^d the general view
of the subject before he went into the field for the
Mexican boundary survey.
There has been a great deal of argument to
prove the abundance of water in the line of the
thirty-fifth parallel. I do not know that any one
has undertaken to prove that the thirty-second
was overflowed. The difference between them is
that the thirty-second has no very great elevation.
After mounting those plains on the west of the
Rio Grande, it runs with very little variation, and
consequently a low sum of ascents and descents,
until it gets to the Colorado. Then it crosses
another plain to the mountains, passes through
the mountains on a natural grade, and ascending
towards San Francisco through the valley of the
Santa Clara and Salinas, finds a route which
avoids all those difficulties of going through the
Tejon, or other passes, which requires them to
descend into the valley of the San Joaquin. On
the other hand, the route of the thirty-fifth paral-
lel in the belt of country which lies between the
Rio Grande and the Colorado, mounts upon an
elevated plain of from six to seven thousand feet,
and continually passes into depressions, so as to
give it the greatest sum of ascents and descents,
and finally comes within about seventy miles, I
think, of the Colorado river standing on this plain
five thousand feet above it. This is the reason
why Lieutenant Whipple, instead of going down
directly, and making that short line, which is so
often spoken of, went down Williams's Foik to
get the easy grade which he obtained by follow-
in" the channel of that river, keeping in the valley
of Williams's Fork. Thus he made his great
detour to the south, and returned again up the
Colorado river before crossing it.
The table to which I have alluded presents, in
a more condensed form than I can do it otherwise,
the distances, the sums of ascents and descents,
and the comparative cost of each route. It does
not matter whether this comparative cost is too
high or too low, for the same standard is applied in
all. The object was to approach as near to accu-
racy as possible, and the accuracy believed to be
attained was the accuracy of comparison, not a
positive sum of the cost of the number of miles of
route. 1 now submit this table to the Senate:
Table showing the lengths, comparative costs, 8(c., of the several routes explored for a raiboai from the
Mississippi to the Pacific.
Routes.
lioute near forty-seventh and forty-ninth painliols, from
St Paul to Seattle ........
Route near forty-^evrnth and forty-ninth parallels, horn
St. Paul to Vancouver   
lioute near forty-first and forty-second parallel*, from
Rock Island, via South Paw, to Ilcnicm 
Route near thirty-eighth and thirty ninth parallels, from
St. Louis, via Uoo-che-to-pa and Tah-ee-ehay-pah
Passes, to San Fianeibco 
Route near thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth parallels, from
St. Louis, via Coo-che-to-pa and Madelin Pa*«cs, to
Benicia.....   *• 
Route near tlmty-fifth parallel, from Momplns to San
Francisco * 
Route near thirty-fifth parallel, from Memphis to San
Pedro     .........
Route near thirty-second parallel, fiom Games sLanding
to Ran Francisco, by eoa^t t"Ht<,jgr 
Route near thirty-second parallel, nom Gaine«,s Landing
to San Pedro   
Route near thirty-secopd parallel, from (iaiui^'d Landing
to San Diego   
itance by proposed-rail-
road route.
■a
a i
<D —
O 4>
C« «
O
mparaiive cost of differ-
ent routes.
unber of miles of route
through arable laud.
ill.
c £ ®
v * R
if> c Q? J3
a, =- n
^ "5 « 2
o is «f 3
u, S2 "a 5
M
= £■=■ 3
% i
P 3
o 2
rt
GJ is
c. ^
~ o
£> _>
c ~
**3
C, *TJ
E —
Q
Ji
u
525
<~
Miles,
Feet.
Feet.
1,055
18,634
$135,871,000
535
1,490
6,044
1,800
17,615
125,781,000
374
1,490
G,044
2,299
29,120*
122,770,000
899
1,400
8,373
2,325
49,985f
Fmpracticable.
865
1,460
10,032
2,53.)
50,514|
Impracticable.
915
1,620
10,032
2,3Gfi
48,521 i
113,000,000
916
1,450
7,550
2,000
48,862$
90,000,000
690
1,400
7,550
s,m
38,200§
94,000,000
984
1,190
5,717
1,7<18
30,181$
72,000,000
558
1,190
5,717
1,G83
33,454§
72,000,000
521
1,159
5,717
* The ascents and descents between Rock Island and Council Blurt's are not known, and therefore not included m
f The ascents and descents between St. Louts and WVstport are not known, and therefore not included in this sum.
i The ascents and descents between Memphis and Port aie not known,ant! thorotoro not inehidod m thi>yum
9 The ascents and descents between Gamer's Land nig and Fulton are not known, and therefme not included m this sum.
If, Mr. President, I have (though I know much
loss perfectly than I had hoped) established my
position, that the route of the thirty-second par-
allel js the most practicable and economical, J
have only to add to what I have said, that look-
ing to the grant of land made by Texas, and to
the conjoint interest which would be brought to
bear for the extension of that road to the Rio
( Grande, by a company formed to build a road
I from the Rio Grande to the Colorado, I believe
the sum of money and the grant of land, the
roposcd by any one, which is contained
In volume seven of the railroad reports, a table
will be found with which this very generally cor-
responds, the difference being that, the surveys
having commenced at different points, one for
instance at Council Bluffs, and another at Fort
Smith, these have been extended so aa to show
more exactly their connection with the Missis-
sippi river. The ascents and descents between
Rock Island and Council Bluffs arc not known;
therefore, they are excluded m the sum. From
St. Louis to Wcstport they are not known, and
are not included. From Memphis to Fort Smith
they arc not known; and from Gaines's Landing
to Fulton they are not known, and not included.
Otherwise they give the sum of ascents and de-
scents. It is substantially an abridgement of the
table in volume seven, with some additions to it.
It is based, too, on the supposition that the re-
ported practicability of the Cceurd'Alene Pass is
correct, and thus it has reduced the total sum on
inure to the benefit of a company undertaking to
build a road. It is all known to be of the highest
fertility, and blessed with a climate not inferior
to any within the limits of the United States. If
it is possible for the company constructing this
road to obtain even one-half of the amount of
land proposed along that line, I rely upon the ac-
curacy of Lieutenant Parke's estimates, together
with the trade which would flow upon it, to es-
tablish the fact that the road will be built there by
the land grant alone. Whenever California shall
charter a company to build this road within her
own limits, and that company shall come to Con-
gress and ask for a grant of land to construct it,
I think that we cannot doubt that the interest of
the United States in the construction of that road
to the great harbor and naval depot on the coast
of the Pacific will warrant Congress in making a
grant of land to such a company. Thus, I reach
the conclusion that the Texas road will be drawn
on to make a junction with the road built in the Ter-
ritory, and that built to the Colorado will extend
itself to the Pacific,'and the eastern terminus of
the Texas road will connect itself with all the
roads which ramify throughout the United States,
coupling, in a very short time, St. Paul and Gal-
veston together; that it will answer all the pur-
poses of commercc there as elsewhere; that it is,
in fact, when you take into account the sinuos-
ities, the ascents and descents, the shortest route
we have across our own territory.
If it is to be attained by this small sum of
money, I insist that all who desire the construc-
tion of a road across the territory with its feasi-
ble extension through the States to answer all the
ends of the Government and people of the United
States, arc bound to sustain the proposition which
I have submitted. If this will not effect it upon
any line, I say the error is in the estimates which
have been made, and in the power of the Texas
company to extend its road to the Rio Grande, on
which I speak with no more information than
everybody else possesses. I do not believe it is
possible upon any other route, and it is therefore
that I have, even at the expense of being tedious,
referred to the exploration of other routes. I say
it is not possible with twice or three times the
sum to build a road on any other route. I would
not have consumed the time of the Senate by re-
ferring to these routes and assembling as it were
the data on which my former conclusion was
based, if I had not believed that intimately con-
nected with it was the proposition I made, of a
sum of money the Government can wellaflord to
pay to obtain that railroad service which the Gov-
ernment requires. We have within the year prob-
ably expended as much as the whole sum ever to
be drawn from the Treasury by this company in
transportation to the interior of the United States,
and if the present indications of Indian disturb-
ances do not soon pass away, it is probable that
in another year wo shall expend a like sum for
military transportation, and such things rto to
continue until by means of rapidly approaching1
them, they shall be intimidated and peace shall
be made the guarantee which we derive from the
construction of a road winch will enable us at any
time to approach any portion of our territory.
i had intended to make some more extended
remarks on the political relations of the work,
and upon the constitutional question which has
been involved: but I am physically compelled to
abandon the further discus$on of the subject. My
opinions on subjects kindred to this, expressed
on other occasions, and briefly alluded to to-day,
will, I hope, satisfy Senatois of the constitutional
smallest proposeu uy uiiy imju, wmvw  —--   ... -
in this substitute I offer, will secure the con- - j ground upon winch I stand; and 1 trust those who
struction of the mad n cross that piece oftemtory, i: hold with me to strict construction, and to bintl-
will secure the extension of the road of Texas to mg the Federal Government by the fetters of the
the Rio Grande, either under the existing or some j, law and the letter of the Constitution, will iind
other company which will become possessed of , that the difference between themselves ana me
1 the endowments that Texas has given, and that consists rather in the facts on which we found
I . i. , ,, , is-, ii i ' '  -whl/>ll I hPMPVfl TO
having reached the Colorado, California will char
ter a company to extend it to San Diego, to San
the forty-mnth parallel, according to the revised jj Pedro, or peihaps, in the fast instance, to San
Drt of Governor Stevens. It is a slight leduc- i j Francisco. Most probably, that company, if they
are chartered to go to San Francisco, will make
report
tion on the line of the forty-ninth parallel route
No additions have been made for those difficul-
ties which, in addressing the Senate, I have stated
had come to my knowledge since he made his
report, because that is a species of information
which not being derived from instrumental sur-
vey, is not accepted, and enters into no estimate
'and no figures.
their first terhiinus at San Pedro, and thus com-
mand a readier return for their investment in the
road than if they awaited its final completion to
San Francisco.
1 have endeavored, during the progress of this
debate,'to ascertain how much of the .land in the
valley of the Santa Clara and tlie Salinas would
our opinions, and the necessity "which I believe to
exist for such a communication as this.
Mr. GREEN. Mr President, it was with no
intention to interrupt the Senator from Missis-
sippi, that I put a question to him in the course
of his remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me say to the Senator from
Missouri, that I do not feel m the least aggrieved.
I was suffering at the time, and therefore was
averse to any interruptions.
Mr. GREEN. I supposed, and for that reagon
I put the question, that he desired to have his
