THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.-
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1859.
New Series;...No. 99.
that the lower race of human beings that consti-
tute the substratum of what is termed the slave
population of the South, elevates every white man
in our community. I say it is there true that every
mechanic assumes among us the position which
only a master -workman holds among you.
Hence it is that the mechanic in our southern
States is admitted to the table of his employer,
converses with him on terms of equality—not
merely political equality, but an actual equality—
wherever the two men come in contact. The
white laborers of the South are all of them men
who are employed in what you would term the
higher pursuits of labor among you. It is the
piesence of a lower caste, those lower by their
mental and physical organization, controlled by
the higher intellect of the white man, that gives
this superiority to the white laborer. Menial
services are not there performed by the white
man. We have none of our brethren sunk to the
degradation of being menials. That belongs to
the lower race—the descendants of Ham, who,
under the judgment of God speaking to the pro-
phet Noah, were condemned to be servants. To
propose that we should change our industrial
system, that we should bring the negroes up to
"K level with the white man, would be such an of-
fense that the lecturer who would come to teach
such philosophy would be fortunate indeed if he
should escape without some public indignity.
One of the reconciling features in the existence
of that particular mstitutiou called domestic sla-
very of African bondsmen, is the fact that it raises
white men to the same general level, that it dig-
nifies and exalts every white man by the presence
of a lower race. I say it in no terms of dispar-
aging contpaiison with others. I say but what
has been with me a deliberate conviction, that it
va-
civiliza-
is promotive of, if not essential to, the preset*
tion of the higher orders of republican civili
tion.
But, upon the theory of getting a country's
prosperity by taxing one class to support another,
1 would ask, what difference is there between that
and going into the community and hunting outof
the industriqjjfc thrifty men, and laying a tax of
ten per cent^h their net proceeds, in order to
give it to those who are deficient in intellect, or
physical capacity, thrift, or any other quality
which causes men to be prosperous. The only
difference 1 can perceive is that, instead of taking
the unthrifty workman, you take the unthrifty
subject, you cast about to find what pursuits will
sustain themselves, and say, let us tax these in
order that we may encourage other pursuits which,
not being self-sustaining, will be abandoned by
our people if left to choose for themselves. Iam
glad to see manufactures in our country; I am
happy to see everything which the nation requires
pioduc.ed within its limits; I would be glad to ex-
tend its area and include within its agricultural
products the complement of all which our country
now bears. I would he glnd to annex tropical
country, to add tropical fruits, coffee,and cocoa,
and ail else which we require; glad to acquire a
portion of Mexico, that we might get tin to aid
in the manufactures of America, and complete the
circle of our products and the circle of our in-
dustry. I would force no man to pursue that
which is not profitable; tax no man to make that
profitable which otherwise would languish.
i believe this subject has been so often dis-
cussed, and so much better discussed by others,
that, at this period of the session, 1 will not al-
low myself to be drawn into a train of thought
into which I was rapidly running. I will merely
say, that as 1 should oppose the payment of boun-
ties to a man who would make an tfx,or a hoe,
or a bale of cotton, or a tierce of rice, so I would
oppose laving a duty for the purpose of inducing
him to make one or the other. We are blessed
with a climate and soil which docs not reduce us
to a competition with the laborers of other coun-
tries. Whilst we have the elements at work,
and a virgin soil lending its assistance to the in-
dustry of man to make his labor productive, I
scf no reason why we should go into competi-
99
tion with those countries which, being driven to
the manufacture of aiticies because they have no
other pursuit, will produce them more cheaply
than itis possible for ourpeople to do, whilst they
have so wide a range of productive labor lying
before them. Leave each man under our free
institutions the right to select that pursuit which
may be most agreeable and profitable to him, and
the prosperity of each will be the prosperity of
the whole. When our country becomes teeming
in its population; when its agricultural products
have more than supplied the world; when the
maikets of foreign countiies can no longer re-
ceive our products, then, and then only, shall we
be brought to that level in the struggle for bread
with foreign labor, which will enable us to com-
pete with them in the manufactures <?f the higher
classes of industry.
I believe I have answered the question of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, so far as it was need-
ful to illustrate the position which 1 occupy, and
it is only now for me to say to him, that whilst I
would not accept any authority against what I
believe to be an opinion resting as well upon ar-
gument as upon constitutional right, I do not
think his citation of General Jackson does justice
to the memory of that great man. I think his dis-
tinction was, that the protection of those things
was necessary to the country in time of war. He
had felt the evils of waging war without the sup-
plies necessary for troops m the field; he had seen
soldiers shivering under a severe climate without
blankets; he had felt the want of all the manufac-
tures in which our country had then advanced so
little, that they were unable to supply the wants
of the country when commerce was cut off; and
this led him to a recommendation which, how-
ever just in his time, it does not follow would
always bear the same relation. If it could be
shown to me now that the necessity existed as
plain as it appeared to him at one time, that cer-
tain manufactures should be protected in order to
secure their existence in our own country, I would
go not only to that extent, but still further; i would
jolioweven to the verge where General Wash-
ington stood, and be ready, if there were no other
means to obtain them, to establish the manufac-
tures by the United States. But happily the in-
ventive genius, the progress, and prosperity of
my country relieve me from any such apprehen-
sions for the future. We are able to produce
whatever we require, to manufacture whatever
we need. Under fiee trade, it is true, that whilst
the peace of the world remains—and under fiee
trade the peace of the world would day after day
become more difficult to break—it would follow
that some branches of manufactures now pursued
would gradually decline, but the power and re-
sources of the universal Yankee nation would be
equal to fxnf wants of our people.
Mr. CAMERON. It is necessary that I should
say only a few words in reply to the Senator from
Mississippi. He intimates that we, at the North,
desire to have the negroes of the South 
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow me to present a report of a com-
mittee of conference, which I have been waiting
for some time to get an opportunity to submit?
Mr. CAMERON. 1 give way to the Senator
from Maryland.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the dtsa«ieehi<j votes of
the two Houses, on tiic bill (II. R. N<> 711) making appto
pnaunu* for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of Governmem lor the year endine the 30tn of June,
1S60. having met, after a tull and I roe confeienec, have
agreed to recommend to their m-pective Houses as fol-
lows :
That the Hou^e recede from their disagreement to the
first amendment of thp Senate, and agree to the *atne vvitii
an amendment, as follows : At the end o  the Senates
amendment, add ihp«e words- - and for the m'lea^e of
members of the Roust* of Ri'pieseniativr- ami DeleuiitesJ
iiom the Terruoiies. $200.(KKi."
That the Senate tecede tiom their dismneement to the
amendment of the lluuse to then third amendment, and
itgiee to the suric.
That the House recede from their amendment to the
seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree ta the
same.
That the House,recede from their disagreement to the
eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: In the first line of the'Sen-
ate'f amendment strike out the words " and assistant," and
insert m lieu thereof the words "one assistant to be em-
ployed m his office." After the word "assistant," in the
eighth line of said amendment, insert the wotds " in tj*&
said office."
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment ofthe House to their twenty fourth amendment,
and agree to the same.
I That the Senate recede from the following amendments:
I .sixteenth and twenty-thnd.
j That the House recede from their disagreement to the
; sixth,eleventh,twellth, thirteenth, fourteenth.seventeenth,
j and nineteenth amendments of the Senate, and concur m
I the same.
I JAMES A. PEARCE,
! SOLOMON FOOT,
A. G. BROWN.
! Managers an the furt of the Senate,
[ ISRAEL WASHBURN,
\V. B. MACLAY.
Managers on the part of the House.
| Mr. PEARCE. I will briefly state what the
I amendments arc. We have agreed to recommend
i that the House lecede ftom its opposition to the
i fust amendment, and agree to it with an amend*
j ment which restores the mileage of members of
! the House of Repiescntatives. It will be remem-
' bered, that in this bill the House struck out the
i estimate for the mileage which would be due at
i the next session of Congress to the members of
i that House. They desire now to accede to our
| amendment, which adds to the estimate for mile-
: age what is necessary to pay the mileage of the
: new Senators from Oregon, with an amendment
; by which they restore the mileage which they
lmd denied themselves, by their opposition to the
! Senate's first amendment.
i The committee recommend that the Senate
| agree to the House amendment to the Senate's
i third amendment. The Senate's third amend-
j ment provided for the pay of the Senate part of
| the additional police of the Capitol. The amend-
I ment of the House providesan equal sum for the
moiety of the same expense to be paid by the
House of Representatives, to be disbursed by
their Clei k.
The sixth Senate amendment was to amend
the clause appropriating for the purchase of law
books for the library of Congress, by inserting,
; "and pay for binding, labor, and other incidental
j expenses." Sometimes hooks are imported in
| boards, and it is necessary to bind them; and we
: thought it lather too much to thiow thisexpense
i on the contingent fund; and as we made liberal
! appropriation for books, $3,000 instead of$2,000,
: which was the former appropi uttion, we thought
! it proper to charge that fund with the sum neces-
! sarv for binding and labor on the law libraty.
I The eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and four-
; teenfh amendments of the Senate, from their op-
position to which the House recede, relate to the
wa^es of workmen and adjusters, in the Mint at
Philadelphia, the assay office at New York, the
mint at New Orleans, and the mint at San Fran-
cisco. "We restored them to the estimates. The
House objected to that; but their committee rec-
ommend that the House recede.
The sixteenth amendment the Senate recede
from. This amendment increases the appropria-
tion for contingent expenses of the Territory of
Kansas from £1,.)00 to $6,.)00.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate's seventeenth amendment, which pro-
vided for certain deficiencies in contingent ex-
penses for Kansas; being the amount incurred
during the administration ofGovernoi J W. Den-
ver—over two thousand dollars
The House iccede from their disagreement to
the Senate's eighteenth amendment, and concur
in it, with an amendment Tins amendment re-
ferred to the organization of the force m the At-
torney General's office, and authorized an assist-
ant to be employed m his office. The amendment
to the amendment is, to insert the words, " in the
said office," after the word " assistant," in the
latter part of the amendment, which the House
committee seemed to think was necessary, to pre-
