"MS
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
t
earnest and eloquent advocates. There are men
upon, this floor, as there are thousands upon thou-
sands of men In the United States', who believe
that each of these routes has precedence over
every other. Why is it not fair, then, to try them ?
I ask the Senators from Texas ant! the Senators
from Mississippi what is there unfair in taking
the proposition upon all three of these routes, and
let them be submitted to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, to find out what is the opinion of cap-
italist^ and railroad contractors and railroad build-
ers, upon, the practicability of these three routes.
Perhaps they are all practicable. The friends of
each contend that the particular route which they
favor is practicable. They Save their preferences;
let us try them all; that is the only sensible course
to be pursued in this juncture of affairs, as it
seems to me, and therefore I offer, as one amend-
ment to the substitute proposed, to add to the first
section of the substitute:
" Upon three routes within the territories of the United
States, one north of the foity-thml parallel of latitude, and
one between the thiilv-seventh and forty-thud pamlbds,
and one south of the thirty-seventh parallel of latitude."
Sir, what harm can it do to try it on all three ?
What will it cost us to try it? Nothing: at all, but
advertising m a newspaper. It will not cost any-
thing to the Government of the United States.
Letusad vertise for proposals upon all three routes;
let th'e contract—if the Piesjdent chooses to enter
into it—on all three be entered into, and submitted
to Congress4, and let Congress pass on all three,
and choose between these routes. If we are to
have one road, let us choose the central, if that be
the best route. If we may have all three, Con-
gress may determine to act on all three, and to
'enter upon contracts for all three—the Texas
route, the central route, and the northern route.
It will then be open to their consideration.
The honorable Senator from M isaissippi advo-
cates a railroad communication with the Pacific,
on the ground that it will be necessary to our na-
tional defence. Sir, if you build the rond for
which ho contends, from F.l Paso to Fort Ynma,
which is upon the navigable waters of the Colo-
rado, entering into the Gulf of California, how
is California defended, how is Pu^et Sound de-
fended, how are Washington and Oregon defend-
ed against the invasion of any great naval Power?
After you have reached the navigable wateis.of1
the Gulf of California, the same objections will i
arise. The fleets of France, or of England, if]
you were engaged in war with them, would swvop ;
our commerce from the sea; and from the head {
waters of the Golf of California around to San j
Francisco, is further than it is to go to the Gulf;
of Mexico and use the various mutes acioss:
Mexico. |
Mr. President, I submit this proposition, in- ■
tending to follow it by another proposition which |
shyill add to this nubsiitute the ^umc piovi.sioni
which has been added to the original bill, ni relu- '
tion to bringing back the contract which may be
entered into for ratification and approval by ,
Congress. J
Mr. 1VERSON. I have heretofore, Mr. Pros-'
ident, advocated a bill to aid by grants of land m
the construction of two railroads to the Pacific, i
one a northern and one a southern road. It is ;
true that, in the remarks which 1 submitted on j
that point, at the last as well as the present ^es-;
aion,Iputmy plan upon sectional grounds and"!
supported it mainly upon sectional arguments. I j
have nothing to take back at all that I have ut-1
tcred on that subject. I stand by every word and j
every line that i have presented to the Senate, j
But there are other reasons of a general character i
in favor of the proposition for two routes, an ex- j
treme northern and an extreme southern route. I j
do not rise now to inflict upon the Senate any re- j
marks of my own upon that general subject; but'
I have some authorities here that I think far supc-;
rior to anything I could present. I received this 1
morning a letter from a gentleman residing in
Canada, who, I suppose, is a British subject,yho '
writes to me on this very question; and he pre-
sents some plain, practical, common sense views*.
He seems to have understood the subject well,
because he has been over the whole ground. :
Bertie, Ca.na.da West, January 13,1839. :,
Pin.: While on a visit to a friend m Buffalo, (an Ameri- ■
con.) where I often go, the subject of the Pacific railway i
was' brought up, and 1 was requested to write you and state ]
such facts as I chose, bearing on it. I
Excuse a stranger for addressing you. I do it, because ;
you advocate a northern and a southern railway, the only'
ones practicable. A central one might be hnilt, but for five
or six months in tin; vear it would be impassable, bccau-se
of the deep and shifting character of the snows on the
mountains.
I am now a verv old man. Forty-five years ago, 1 win-
teicd in the Ilocky Mountain*:, near tin* line of 49°, and
have lanc-'d along from the bound* of New Mexico to the
upper Hudson Bay possessions, wintering along from the
pass called, by you. the South Pass up to and into our pos-
 e<ssjons I haye been delayed in camp by the deep cnows
for weeks, alone from latitude forty to loity-five or forty-six,
utterly unable to move because of snows man} feet deep,
often di ifted to a height of ten or twelve fo*'t, Glutting up
tlie outlets or parses entirely. This state of thing* occurred
every winter while I was in the wilderness between those
latitudes.
Many winters T passed on the head waters of the Mis-
souri, fn the region of the Great Falls, and not far from the
line of 49°, and can safely assert that deep snows are un-
known theie.
Over a northern and southern range of three or four bun-
dled mile*, south of latitude 49°, and extending a long way
east mill west to the sea, little snow evci falls; south of
those lines there are immense falls (if snow and most in-
tense cold; not so north; we all understood this, to us,
unaccountable lact. No railway, which is known as the
middle route, can ever be operated in the winter anions the
mountains. Your position, as 1 understand it, is the tiuc
one. Natiue is in alliance with you. She has kindly pro-
vided a ti lendly /.one at lite north, and one at the south, lor
these two highways fimn ocean to ocean
f do believe that the cold, at and aiound the region in-
cluded between tire latitudes of tlnrn-si\ and forty-two or
forty thiec, would be found so intent- m winter as to fiecze
up a locomotive while in motion, and that they could not
bo run. It is of interest to the whole human ianuly that
thcxe i o.uls should piove a Miccea-s, and that no vain clloi ts
to violate natuie should defer to coming gcneiauons the
completion of them. My fuend will mail tins to you.
1 am yours, &e , ALEX. MeGONAGLE.
Senator JvrnsoN, Washington,
These are the views of a plain, sensible, prac-
tical man, who has had personal experience in
relation to this region of country, and I commend
them to the Senate. I also present a Ion:?, inter-
esting, and able letter from Lieutenant Matthew
F. Maury, of the Observatory, a man more dis-
tinguished than any person on this continent for
scientific knowledge and attainments, and proba-
bly not surpassed by any man on the face of the
earth:
Ohskrvatoky. Washington, January 4, 1Pj9.
My of \ u Stu : My last was dated about two weeks ago.
T have oiteu wished that the question, pme ,uul sample—
lailroad or no r.ulmad to the Pacific—could be put to the
popnlui vote of the nation. Nevei, mice the Memphis con-
vention ot In 19, should I have IkuI any doubt a*> to the re-
Milt. Tin- vote would be largely for the joud
Whil'! all admit the unportaneeot'one oi more such rail-
ways, there has been such a dtvetsity ot opinion as to mutes
and plans, that no one route has n-< yet met with fneuds
enough to cairv it through m spite ot its rivals ; and f do
not think it ever will.
Two lo.'ds, at Iras?, are necessary. At Icnif two loads ;
on< at the uoith, and one at the *outh air requited foi the
eoutinon defense. At lea-it two loads—one at the south
i the other at tiie noilh—are necessarv. socially and com
J mmcrallv; the markets ot China,.I a pan, and the Amooi, will
i be brought neuier to u j, by many da \ s' ( n) than it is po- -ihle
! toi one loud to hi ire: (item. This mav . on in' p.n ado veal ;
t yet 1 hope, be.'otc i am done, to explain fie paradox. to
i join -ati-I.K lion.
| I,el us fn-l eon. t'ier the importance of two mads m their
i imlitaiy nspivf. Vaneotrvet Island commands the 'lions
; ol Washington and <Oregon Teimoiies-; and wluihei the
1 tenumu* ol th" uottbetn road b" on Png"t Sound oi at the
! mouth of the ('olumin.i nvet, the munitions M-nt theie m
! w.u could be n<ed for tio other pait of the coast, for Van-
1 eunvi r overlooks them.
i They could not, on account of Vancouver,in it^ military
I aspects, he sent fioin the northern terminus to San Fran-
I eihco and the .-outh , nor could the southern toad—suppo*-
i only one. and that at the south—send -supplies m wai
! from Us terminus, whether at San Diego. San Pedro,or San
I Francisco, by *ea either to Oregon or Wa-hmgton. Van-
| rouver would pie\cnt; lor Vancouver command* their
| eo-ist-; as completely n* England commands those of France
1 on the Atlantic. Socompletelv is the nnhtaiy curtam which
! a jiivta island affoids to a coast, that you never heard of
Fiance on the Atlantic sending succor by «ea fo Fiance on
the Mediterranean, oi the reveise, in a war with England.
The. stunts of Fuca aie as clo*e n* the straits of Gibraltar.
in prepaung for the national defense* of the Pacific, this
fact, and the circumstance that Vancouver.-, Island is m the
hands of a foreign Power, ai«* well calculated to impie^s
pecuhai featuies upon any system that may be adopted foi
that coast.
Hut I promised to explain why two roads—one at the
south, the other atthenorth—wiUbrinsithc markets of Ana
much ueaier to u-s than cither madMnclj would make them,
l.ofnie, however, f go into that explanation, let us clear
away soni" of the ideal obstacles which enor 'has placed in
the wav (;l a noitheiti route to the Pacific.
."Most men ot our ajjc were educated under the belief that
p:uaile!s of latitude and terrestrial climates arc correlatives;
that we mi'iht tell the temperature of any unknown coun-
try or region ot country, if we knew its latitude, &e. Hum-
boldt ami ()ov£ exploded this idea with their isothermal
lme->. For example, they show that the mean annual tem-
perature of North Cape, latitude 70°, in Europe, is the same
ass that along the north shoie of Lake Superior, in latitude
50°. So here is a dilference of 20° of latitude, without any
difference m the average annual temperature of the two
plaeea.
There is a difference in the length of day find night at the
two "places; and, fai as climate is affected by diffeience
in the length oi day and msht. climate is to that extent, and
no fuitiier.an aftan ot latitude. Gut, with difference in
length of day arm night the relations between climate and
IrUuudc cease. The theimonvter and hygrometer then be-
come the true exponents of climate. Every region,indeed,
tells the whole story oi it? climate by its flora.
Let us wet rid, then, of our old notion* concerning the re-
lations of latitude to climate, and with unbiased mind* lay
out this north teinpetate zone, which we inhabit, into two
| grand thermal bands, and tin n study the flora of these
j bands. Alter we slj&il have done thi*, then 1 think we will
! be able to agiee, at Iea>t amon^ out-elve*. as to the neces-
sity of two routes to the Pacific. Moteover, we can, by so
dividing the country, select those routes that will be'the
best, agriculturally and comnieicially; and when we shali
have finished this investigation, you willfjndthatthe.se two
routes lie exactly where the best plan of national defense '
requires them : the northern route commencing at the west-
ern boundary of Minnesota and going to Pugot Sonnd.with
a branch, in the course of tune, to the mouth of the Colum-
bia; the southern route conimcncn? at El Paso, in Texas,
and going thence to San Pedio or San Diego, and San Fran-
cisco. I speak of these route* as tiie routes, which com-
merce and apiculture, as well as war, require. The ele-
ments indicate them ; gient mteiests call for them j and the
people will have them. ! place the climatology of the&e
routes, with the agricultural and commercial resources of
the regions, through which they pa**, in the same category,
bccau-ye commerce is based on difteienco of agricultural
productions, and dilference of production is an affair of cli-
mate altogether. Theretore, m ^tudvingelimatcs, and routes
we must studj variety of punluction, and cannot help look-
ing at them in their commercial aspect*.
The Army Meteoiologieal Ob-ei vat ions. Dlodget's Clima-
tology os the United State?-, and Dove's J*otheimal Maps,
enable u- to divide that portion of the nouhcin temperato
zone occupied hv the Tinted States into two grand and
characteristic tlieima! hands. The fauna and the flora of
these two hands diifer: the people diilW; thew climates,
differ ; and theiefoie 1 call them giand and sti.kmg Mibdi-
VISOUS.
Speaking in a general way, the United States he between
the mean annual isotheims of 35° and 703. Take a rchool
map of the u oi id, and let us diaw with a pencil the-e rso-
tlieini* across ihnope. Asia, and Africa aNo. Beginning at
the we-it cnas(, with the pencil at Suka dtaw u wiihafn.c
hand thence thron^ii the mouth of the lied Rivei of the
North, touching the north ^hore of Lake Superior, cros*mg
theSt L.iwience below liucbee, and thence to St. John's,
Newfoundl uui. Now, b.'gmmng m Em ope, near Chi Miann,
draw j om pencil up towaids the Gulf of Onega, then draw
thioiudi 1'ienbeig to Kiaehta, Marghcn. and the mouth of
the Anroor. Von can now see sufficiently near for our pres-
ent pmpo«e, how the isotheim of runs. Tlie mean tem-
perature of all pi,ices south of tins line ts more than 33°.
In like manner we may sketch otf roughly the annual
isotheim of 70° through the new world and the old. It
starts jiom San Diego, crossing the Colorado at its mouth,
and then passing down through Chihuahua (city) to Austin,
m Tevis, it goes by New Orleans and Peiib<icola to ilie sea
—?-triking the Afi ican cort>t near Mogador. it goes through
Cairo. Lpahurij Delhi, to Canton. The mean tcmperatuie
of all places to the north ot this hue, is le&s. than 70". Now
lot us divide the belt included between these two isotherms,
into two uearlv equal theimal bands, by tiacmg likewise,
with a free hand, the is-otheim of o2°, the mean (nearly)
between .3j° and 70°. Beginning near Cape Oxford, on the
west coast, this i*otherm pa*>es up tmvauls the Dalles;
then down a little to the west of Salt Lake, to Santa F6;
! hen up to Council Blull*j on the Missouri, and then tlnoug;li
St. Louis and Loin-ville, to Baltimore. Taking it up m
lInglaHd.it pa*ses thence through Belgium towards Zunch;
then up towards Ohnutz, and t>o on through Varna, Dor-
bent, kokan.and lYkin. This line dividedtin-belt iher-
nially and geogiaplucally into two band* of nearly the «ame
siv.e. 'J'hev include lire ganlen spots oi'the earth. In them
man laid his first hearth-stone,and lioin them the lights of
t ivilizaiem anil Chiistiamty have shed their fu\-.t and tbeir
brightest rays.
Let Us, for the convenience of reference, call the north-
ern hand the upper band, and the southern one the lower.
We are now prepared to oast the eye ovei them, and to
geneiah/.c concerning the commercial and agricultural as-
pects of the two ioutcs.
The plants wht< h give physiognomy to The fields and foi-
csts of these bands, are: for the upper band, conifers, the
willow, the beech, larch, hr, alder, elm, hickory, birch,
cranbeiries and pasture grasses.
Foi the lower band, the characteristic plants are thick
leaved evergreens and aiboie.-ccnt giapcs, the cypress,
cedar, ash, and magnolia wnh ro-es.
The chief commercial plants—besides the cereals, which
arc common to both—are, tor the lower band, the orange,
the \ni'', the fig, peach, date, pomegranate, citron, the
melon. St. John"-* bread, the sweet potato, rice, indigo
tobacco, hemp, cotton, tea, sugar, and naval stores For
the upper band: buckwheat, hay, Insh potatoes, tui nips,
apples, peais, plums-, with herds and flocks among its tauira.
With these two giand divisions of the temperate- zone
thus delineated, and with thi* description of their charac-
teustics, we may now proceed to cast the horoscope for that
portion of the country which hes between the Mississippi
river and the Pacific ocean. To read its future for present
purposes, wc have only to glance the eye over the well de-
veloped parts of eacii band', both in the Old World and the
New; then we shall see that an upper-band railway to the
Pacific is a £< fact," winch philosophy, teaching by exam-
ple, compels us to regard as u fixed."
A mere glance at a map of the world will show you that
most of the railways, both m England and America, are m
this upper band; that in it are the great commercial centers
of the world, as New York, Liverpool, London, and the
German pons of Europe. That it is to the cities of this
band, as Leipsic, Nijii-Novgorod, Krachta, Ste., that the
people, both of Europe and Asia, annually resoit to hold
their great fairs.
Contemplate the people of this band in their industrial
