1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
vent this assistant from becoming what they ob-
jected to—an Assistant Attorney General—so as
to confine him to assisting the Attorney General
in his office business.
The nineteenth amendment, from their disa-
greement to which the committee recommend that
the House recede, relates to the payment of twenty
extia policemen in the city of Washington.
The committee propose that the Senate recede
from their twenty-third amendment, which was
the one referring to the charge on refined gold
brought to the'Mint to be coined. I believe there
was a general feeling in favor of the amendment
oft the part of the members of both committees,
but it was thought the opposition of the House
made it necessary that the Senate should recede.
It was presumed to be a very good thing to keep
until the next session.
The twenty-fourth amendment relates to the
public printing. The committee recommend that t
the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
House amendment to this amendment, and agree
to the following amendment which the House
made to it: 11
And m all such cases the payment for tlie composition
shall be the same as though the printim* had been or- ji
tiered by but one House: Proi«/<?>', That tho otlieo of t
ptintei, either 10 the Senate or flou-e of Itepieseuiativev, '
shall not ho uansferable, eithei directly or indirectly; and I!
any attempt to sell or transfer cither of said oilict^, 01 any [,
-■ale or nuclei of the same, shall opeiau  .is a vacation or i1
abandonment ot the s-aid oftice.-i, or either of them.
I hope the Senate will concur ill the report of ,j
the committee. !j
Mr. WILSON. If I understand the Senator -|
from Maryland, the Senate committee have agreed ,j
that the Senate shall recede from their amendment !
in regard to the extra police force in this city? 'j
Mr. PEARCE. No; that the House lecede. jj
Mr. WILSON. I undeistoud it the other way. ■!
The report was concurred in. |
message from the house. 1
A message from the [louse of Representatives, ;j
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the j
House hud passed the following bill and joint !
resolution of the Senate: , j
A hill (No. 321) making an appropriation for j
deepening the channel over the St. Clair Flats, in 1
the State of Michigan; and
A joint resolution (No. 87) m relation to the ;
removal of obstructions to navigation in the mouth
of the Mississippi. i
The message furtherannouneed that, the House ■
had passed the hill of the Senate (No. 51)3) to pio- !
vide for extending the laws and judicial system
of the United States to the Suue of Oiegon, and |
for other purposes, with an amendment; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The message also announced that the House ■
insisted upon its disagreement to the amendments
of lite Senate to the bill (U. R. No. GGG) making :
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of tin: Government, for the year ending ;
tin; 30(h oi June, Ib'(>0, insisted on by the Senate;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on !
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and had appointed Mr. Gf.ouge \V. Hopkins, of
Virginia, Mr. David Ritcuic, of Pennsylvania, •
and Mi. lir.xiiY Winit.r Davis, of Maryland,
managers at the same on its patt.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House j
had agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on ;
the lull (II. 11. No. b(n ) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18(10, and had appointed Mi.
M \ktix J. Crawford, of Georgia, Mr, Benjamin'
Sianton', of Ohio, and Mr. Oiiari.cs J. Faui.k-
nj:u, ot Virginia, managers at the same on its
pari.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message fui the r annonnced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the following enrolled
bibs and resolution; which thereupon received,
the signature of the Vice President:
An act (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anthony
Casio, a soldier m the war of 1812;
An act (S. No. 328) tor the relief of JohnPick-
ell, late a lieutenant in the United States Army; :
An act (S. No. 604) to provide for the enroll- '
ment and license of the bug Cumberland-, and
A joint resolution (S. No. 69) conferring the
rank of senior flag officer on the active service
list of the United States, on Captain Charles
Stewart.
THE POTOMAC WATER.
The message further announced that the House
disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill of the House (H. K. No. 889) to provide for
the care and preservation of the works constructed
by the United States for bringing the Potomac
water into the cities of Washington and George-
town, for the supply of said water for ail govern-
mental purposes, and for the uses and benefit of
the inhabitants of said cities; asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on; and had appointed Mr. Edward Dodd, of
New York, Mr. Henry C. Burxett, of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. A. R. Wright, of Georgia, man-
agers of the same on its part.
A subsequent message announced that the House
had appointed Mr. Alfred M. Scales, of North
Carolina, on the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, in the place
of Mr. Augustus II. Wright, excused.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 889) to provide for
the care and preservation of the works constructed
by the United States, for bringing the Potomac
water into the cities of Washington and George-
town, for the supply of said water for all govern-
mental purposes, and for the uses and benefit of
the inhabitants of said cities, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Rcsotupii, That the Senate niM-t upon its amendment to
the *:ucl hiil, :nnl n^ieo to the conference asked by the House
of Itepieseiuiinves, on the disagreeing votes of the two
liou-es theieon
Oidcicil, That tho committer of eonfcrcnoo on the part
of the Senate hi; appointed hy the Vice President.
Mr. Brown, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Bright
were appointed.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will move a lecess.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way. I do not
think it is necessary to say any thing further.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move that we take a re-
cess for two hours.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate
took a lecess until half past six o'clock, p. m.
EVGNIVC SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past six o'clock.
Mr. REID took the chair, and called the Sen-
ate to order.
ELI W. GOFF.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to call up a bill, which I referred to last even-
ing, for the relief of EU W. GofF. I will state
that thus bill has passed the ordeal of the House
of Repirsentniives, and has passed the scrutiny
of the Committee on Commerce of this body, of
which the present occupant of the chftir is a mem-
ber, and leceives his approval. It simply refers
a small claim to the Treasury Department for set-
tlement and examination. j
Mr. BiGLEIt. I hope the bill will betaken up.
Mr. CLING MAN. I nieiely wish to ask the
Senator, not with a view of interposing an objec-
tion, how much is the amount of the claim ?
Mr. FOOT. There is no sum stipulated. It
icfeis a case to the Treasury Department for ex-
amination and settlement, with a limitation that
the sum paid shall not exceed $5,000. It will take
no time.
Mr. BIGLEll. Jtappropnates just what the
Secretary shall asceitain that he actually paid.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the lull (_H. R. No. 353) for the relief of EU W.
Goff.
It directs the proper recounting officer of the
Tlee^ury, upon ^atisfaetoi y pi oof being presented
that Eh W. Goff, late inspector of customs for the
district of Vermont, actually sustained damages
and losses hy his efforts faithfully to execute the
revenue laws of the United States, to audit ins
account, and pay to him the amount of damages
and losses thus proven; but the amount allowed
him is to be for damages resulting dnectly fiom
a proper dischaige of his legal duties as inspector
of customs, and is not to exceed the sum of
$5,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That two additional members be appointed on
the Committee of Enrolled Bills, and that the appointment
be made by the ^ice Pre&ident. *
Mr. Chesnut and Mr. Durkee we're appointed.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, relative to
the cost of granite for the south wing of the
Treasury building, reported in favor of printing
the same; which was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts apd joint lesolution:
An act for the relief of Anthony Casio, a sol-
dier in the War of 1812;
An act for the relief of John Pickell, late a lieu-
tenant in the United States Army;
An act to provide for the enrollment and license
of the brig Cumberland; and
A joint resolution conferring the rank of senior
flasf officer on the active list of the Navy, on Cap*
tain Charles Stewart.
EXTENSION OP LAWS TO OREGON.
Mr. PUGF1. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take uy the bill (S. No. 593.) to pro-
vide for extending the laws and judicial system
of the United States to the State ofOiegon, and
for other purposes, which has passed the Senate
and been returned fiom the House with a single
amendment. It is necessary to act on it at once,
in order that it may be enrolled.
There being no objection; the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House to the
bill, which was in section thiee, after the words
"shall be," to strike out "^3,000" and inseit
"#9,500."
Mi. PUGII. It merely reduces the salary of
the judge. I move that the Senate concur in the
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL PASSED.
A message frpm the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allem, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 891) for the relief
of William M. Harrison, in which tho concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
The bill was read i wice t>y us title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced, that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (S No 4J2)
supplemental to "An act for the admission of the
State of Minnesota into the Union;" and it was
signed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 890) making an appropriation for
the payment of investigating committees end for
other purposes—to the Committee on Finance;
and
A hill (No. 780) for the relief of James Collier
—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MRS. ANN SCOTT.
I Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
j1 ate to take up a little hill for the relief of a widow
lady, Mis. Scott, of this city. It has the unani-
h mous sanctum of the Committee on Naval Af-
fails, and I hope it will be taken uo.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
; The bill (S. No. 533) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann Scott was read a second time, and consid-
■ i ered as in Committee of the Whole.
• \ It dnects that there be paid to Mrs. Ann Scott,
!; widow of the late William B. Scott, two per cent,
upon such sums as he paid frbm the Navy pen-
