1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
aspect? also, and you will see that it is the ship-building
arid seafaung region; the home of the fisherman, the sail-
or's fatheilaiid; and the place for factors, lactones, and
opeiatives.
The industry of ibis band is marked by minute subdivi-
sions of laboi and great diveiaity of pursuit among its in-
habitants, a sure si<p that their occupations are, to say the
lea<t, not so exclusively agricultural as are the occupations
of those who inhabit the lower band. After thus drawing
our iine^ and consuirmg-the lights displayed within them,
it will, I am persuaded, require no great art of divination
to satisfy you that a lailroad along this upper band to the
Pacific may be looked upon " as a fixed fact." I tell you
one is obliged to be built there. By thus pacing these two
bands in review, we ar^ ftnthcr reminded that the people
of the north temperate zone, in bpite of legislative enact-
ments, tariffs, and pioteetion,have obeyed the laws enacted
by nature for the geographical distribution of labor; that,
according to these laws each band has born occupied and
replenished ; and that man, though the saute in both bands,
has in each heeded those physical conditions by which he
finds himself surrounded, and directed his labois to those
pursuits which promise tne b^'&t leiuins.
Tins ciieutn&iancG reminds one that railways feeding
given areas 111 the uppei band Miould be much more apt to
have full freights both ways than the railways feeding like
aieas in the lower band. The lattci carry away tobacco,
hemp, cotton, rice, sugar. &c., and may bring back m a
single car the manulacluied articles for which a whole train
load of cotton lias been exchanged. Ilence, as a rule, rail-
roads m tins band cany more than they fetch. The same
raw and bulkyaiuclcs go into the uppei band to be manu-
factured, and when manutactiued, the}- are put on the tails
i'oi distubuuon and for market, thus increasing heights for
tliH hand both ways.
Each one of these thermal bands in the United States
YvantMts road from sea to sea, and each must have it. Each
wanted its system of roads between the Atlantic ocean and
Mississippi liver, and each hat, it, whether Congress would
or not, and so it will be between the "grand ocean" and
the Mississippi river.
Look at the steel engraved map in Appleton's Railroad
Guide, and you will see how the^ system* of roads have
been foinied. Until la^t summer, Viignua would stictch no
railroad line from any of her fine harbois into the valley of
the we.-f. North Carolina had no harbors, hence the blank
space on that map between Ohio and Gcoigia.
On the other hand, the<o was the gioat chain of lakes ;
then tlieie was the Baltimore and Ohio, and the Pennsyl-
vania Central raihoads. which weie commenced at a very
early day and pushed forward with vigor. Now see what a
netwoikof joads these h.ive callcd out, reaching to and
beyond the Mississippi, and stretching due east, to connect
with these.
While Vuginia would not, and North Carolina could not,
South Carolina and Geoigia went to work with their sys-
tem ot roads, which has "already sti etched itself towards
.-the setting sun, fai bevond the Mississippi.
Texas has given a most magnificent grant of lands and
loan of money to her Southern Pacific railway, which will
extend the southern system as Jar as El Pa^o, within six
bundled miles* of the "Pacific. Roads from New Oileans,
Vieksburgj Memphis, and other points, are to join the Texas
road. Memphis and El Paso are in the middle of the lowei
band. Hence, you perceive tins, band has us road well un-
der way, and it is high time Uncle Sam should take hold
and extend tt westwnid, if he means to help.
Unfortunately, this load lias had tumbles to an extraor-
dinary degree, but it is a long night that has no day, and it
flow begins for the fiist tune to see the light of real day.
The dawn is promising;.
So, too, in Minnesota; St. Paul is in the centerof the up-
per hand,-and there is a raihoud aheady under way from
fc>t. Paul to Pembina. A hianrh from this load leading to
the Pacific will nio^t fauly repie^ent the system in the up-
p r hand. St. Paul is in the middle of it. and the distance
by an an line, fiom the western limit'3 of Mineo-'ota 10 Puget
Sound, is eight hundted ami seventy miles, leaving only
(say) one thousand five hundred mile? of road to be pro-
vided for by the Geneial Government, m ordei to &ecme
bothot the&e roads. Indeed,it the southern road be extend
ed to the California hue, California will take eate of it
thence to San Francisco, so that by providing ioi the con-
struction of some five hundted iinle&, Government can now
secure one at the South. Ten yeni  ago, when this ques
tion of a road to the Pacific begun first to he agitated, Gov-
ernment would have had to provide for it ail the way fiom
the Mississippi to the Pacific. So it wa^ held, and that
would have required a single road about two thousand nubs
long. Now, Government aid along fifteen bundled miles
will tnve us two.
These bands give a complete quietus to all objections to
the northern road on the scote of chnjate. In other parts
of the world roads abound m just such climates. The road
from Sr. Peteis-buig to Moscow, and the Prussian roads,
with others m the fame baud in Europe, aie even in a higher
latitude than the St. Paul load will he,yetchmate id no ob-
jection to them. Ncithei is it to the Canada railways,nor
to any others us far north a« the rails have been laid. We
all expect to see the dav when Russia will be extending her
system of rails into Siberia, and none of us—for m that
manner all of us have unbiased minds—anticipate any dif-
ficulty on the score of climate.
Ilam maps for these bands show that the average annual
amount of lain along the nouhern route and until you pas*
the Rockv Mountain range—after which the climate is mild
like ihat of England—is less than it is along any laiiway m
the Atlantic States, or 111 the Mississippi valley, 01, indeed,
in any part of the world. They show that the average
amount of precipitation—snow and raiti—in winter, forthat
part of the route which lies between the Pacific range of
mountains and St. Paul, is less than thiee inches !
Thus, I think, the question of climate, of terrific snow
stonns, and impassable dufts along this route, may be con-
i>ideied as disposed of.
We ictuin now to the paradox that by these two roads to
* Geographical miles,of sixty to a degree of latitude.
the Pacific, the markets of Asia will be much nearer to
those of the'Mississtppi valley than either road alone could
bring them. To explain this, it is only necessary to remind
you how the wind* blow and the curients set that control
the routes of sailing vessels—the burden cars of the sea—
between the eastern shores of Asia and oui west coast.
The route to Asia lies through the north ea<t trade winds.
These winds blow between the paiallel of 30° north and the
Equator ; and ve^elsthat take thisioute usually run across
the broad Pacific between the parallels of J 8° and 2.)° north,
where the trades are strongest. Returning they take the
great circle ionic —the shmtust distance—and keep well up
to the iio, tit; for now the biave west wiiid^5' of those ex-
tia-tropical legions, which would have been advene for the
outward voyage, aie fro?h and lair for the homeward run.
So you perceive that a vessel trading under canvas between
our Pacific States and China describes on every round voy-
age an ellipse ; coming out of the Straus of Fuca,or the Co-
lumbia river, for instance, her course is fiist to the south-
ward, as though she were bound aiound Cape Horn, and
until she gets into the northeast trade winds. Her course
is then west until she enters the waters of the China seas.
She then hauls up to the noith and west for her post On
the return voyage her course in coming out of her Asiatic
port,is to the noith and east until she gets fairly within the
" biave w^t winds 1J With these she steeis to the east-
ward, following the gt eat circle route, and gradually shaping
her course to the south of east until she reaches our own
shores again. If she be bound to San Fianci^co, her route,
until she gains the offings of the Strait-* of Fuca, would be
the same as though she vCeic bound intoPuget Sound, or the
Columbia tiver.
Thus you peiceive that, on the outwaid voyage, San Fian-
cisco is on the way side from Puget Sound and Columbia
river to China, whereas, Puget Sound and Astoria are on the
wav side of the route from China and Japan to California.
To bee how one load only would woik, let u* fiict &uppo e
it at the noith, running from St. Paul to PugetSound. Leff
us now follow a package of meichandise, sav of gniseng,
that is sent ovei this load from Mem plus, to be battered in
Chma for tea. The ginseng would'fiist go north, up the
Mississippi river, to get to the road. Thence it would cio-s
to.the Pacific; arriving at Puget Sound, it would then be
shipped for China. Now, u mu>t como back to the south
again to act into the tiadewhid region. Thus, you ol^c-ive
U would have to go more than a thousand miles up ?tie
Mississippi, out of the wav ; and when it teaches {he Paeiue,
it would have fo return a**am as far to thf'"-oiith, and lui-
tlier. than it was when it Matted. Hemg exchanged for tea
in China, it would be neauM loi the tea to -lup at Puget
Sound, take the northern rcihvav and coiiic sumii on the
Mississippi, instead oc coming south by sea along the Pa-
cific coast.
Now let us, in imagination, place the road at thc-omh
instead of the 1101 ill, and take, a bale of fins to din-} mm- the
route of trade and travel from the upper band. The iur, w e
will suppose, is sent fiom St. Paul. It comes down the
Mississippi to get to the road. That would not he out of
the wav foi the fur, foi it is houud south lor the noimea?t
tradewmds at any late, and it would be in a national point
of view, peihap!-', moie desirable to have n «n south by the
Mississippi, than by sea m the Pacuie. But when tlie^iik,
lor winch it has been exchanged in China, on St. Pan! ac
count, arnves on its return off the cntianee 01 the Straitsol
Fuca, it has to tuin out ot its way. Instead ot finding rail-
way transportation to take it thiouyh from Puget Sound
across the Minnesota, it lias to run away to the south. iVi-
haps a week atfr it might have been m St Paul bv a nouh-
ern road, it arrives hy fca 111 California, and 1* earned by
sails to Memphis. Now it ha«- to <hwUe vj>oit itself— to g.>
noith and terror every parallel of latitude Hud it no>scd
1 offer twang out of it& vwi from Juan dc l-'uca.
} Thi.s doubling will requne two or three week5 of tune,
1 besides much additional ir^k awl expense With t? o roads
| theiewill be no doub'wg; hence two loads wili bnngChuia
; and Japan and Rn<-ta very much nearei to the Mi—w^ippi
i valley than one can do. The distance saved will be in iut-
j longs, nearly twice the length of the Mississippi uvea, a'ui
! in time, some two or three week8-.
| Whiithei the Government, therefore, aids in the bmldmg
I of these roads or not. the^ eneutn-tances will ot them^'hrs
call foi the con-tiuction 01 at lea^t two roads to the Pacific
—one at the north, the other at the t>outh. Northern cap-
ital and southern capital will assist in both.
I have thus endeavored to make clear the paiadox with
which I set out; and I hope I have mu ceedcd m .-how mg,
to join satiftaetion, that at least two railways—one at tiie
north, the other at the south—are lequircd to the Pacific.
Theie are no toll houses on the lakes, and none on the
Gulf uI'Mcmco. The commercial voice of thfao two wauns,
couid it be heard, would be raised—each trumpct-tongued
—in favor of thc-e two route®.
The nean%?t way fiom Brazil and the Amazon, a? well as
from the VVe-t Indies, to China, would then be by ihesouth
Pacific railway.
I did not intend to write you so long a letter, but the 111-
teiestj feel in the ♦■ub^'ct of it has earned me awav I in-
tended to pass with you the compliment? of the season, and
to wish you and youis a happy new-year, and ask you to
beheve me,
Your^tiuJv, M F.MAURY.
D. A. Robertson, Esq., St. Paul, Minnesota.
These authorities are much better than anything
I couid say.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make an appealto the
Senator from Wisconsin to withdraw his amend-
ment, and let us vote directly on the,substitute of
the Senator fiom Mississippi. I believe that if
his substitute be not adopted, we enn get a vote
on the bill as it is before the Senate; but if the sub-
stitute be adopted, the Senator from Wisconsin
can then move to amend it m such form as will
suit his views. I hope he will withdraw his amend-
ment for the present, and let us see whether the
Senate will adopt the substitute. I am very cer-
tain that it will not be adopted, but I yrray be mis-
taken. , If it is not to be adopted, the time which
we may spend in amending it will be wasted.
Mr. DOOLIXTLE. As 1 understand the rules
of oider, if -the substitute be once adopted we
cannot afterwards amend it.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, yes; we arc now in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is mistaken. The bill is before the Senate. It
was reported fiom the Committee of the Whole
at the last session of Congress.
Mr. GWIN- "Well, sir, let us take a vote on
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin.
I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken, I
have a word or two to say. I have no intention
of making a speech. I understand, from the
coursc which the debate has taken, that the con-
stitutionality of this measure is made to depend
on its necessity for the purposes of military de-
fense. 1 yield very much-to that argument; but
I have resting on my own mind n very clear and
distinct conviction that when you undertake to
justify an appropriation from the national Treas-
ury on the ground of necessity, that necessity
must be direct and absolute, or it must be so
probable that, in the mind of a reasonable man,
it is likely to occur. A remote and contingent
necessity does not, and in my judgment cannot,
justify the exercise of a doubtful constitutional
power.
And, sir, in addition to this suggestion, I have
to say that where appropriations are made on the
ground of necessity, they must not exceed the
occasion which requires the exercise of the power.
If there be a direct and immediate necessity for
building this road as a means of national defense,
1 agree that Congress can make the appropria-
tion; but I beheve no one has pretended that any
direct or immediate necessity does exist. Tiwm
is theie such a contingent necessity as, in the
judgment of the Senate, is so likely to occur, that
you aie called upon to make the appropriation ?
I think all will adn.it that if there be a contingent
necessity at all, it is \ciy remote and very uncer-
tain. It may occur next year, or ten yeais hence,
or it may never occur. Kut, admitting that there
may be a remote contingency—a remote proba-
bility that the road will be'necessary—does the
amount called for to construct the work bear any
reasonable proportion to that lepnote and uncer-
tain contingency? I have said ''heretofore, and
now repeat, that if every necessity which gentle-
men may imagine has ansetrovcan arise, justi-
fies th^ exercise of this power, I do not see
where it is to stop; 1 do not see but that one may
suppose there is a necessity for building a rail-
road to any point that you may name, for mili-
tary defense, and therefore you have the power
to do it, if the judgment of that particular indi-
vidual is to prevail.
In this case I see no direct or immediate neces-
sity, I see no remote necessity which justifies me
in giving a vote m favor of this proposition; and,
if 1 did, I should stiil say that the amount of
money required to construct the road is of too
gioat magnitude to justify me in giving it to meet
the necessities of the case.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Gtreen] the
other day wanted to know ofme where I got the
power to construct a fortification. Well, sir, I
will take the foitification in Virginia which he
mentioned—Fortress Monroe. It is necessary for
the defense of the town of Nor folk which lies above
it. But suppose the town of Norfolk was worth
$10,000,000,'and it would require $100,000,000 to
construct the fortification: then 1 wouM rather
give up the town than construct the fortification;
because the expenditure would so far exceed the
necessity of the case as not to justify me, under
the Constitution, in voting foi it. That is putting
the case as a mere matter of dollars and cents. I
agiee to the proposition that, wherever an appro-
priation is necessary, absolutely necessary to the
national defense, you must have the power to
make it; but F see no such absolute necessity in
this case. I go further, and admit that, if the
necessity is so probable that by applying a just
and fair discrimination to the case, it appears to
be a necessity likely to arise, then you may make
the appropriation, provided the amount of money
asked for does not gieatly exceed the necessity
