1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
years, after .full examination and deliberation,
shall be continued, or whether it shall be aban-
doned, because the suspension of the work upon
that building will certainly be detrimental to the
building itself. It is not roofed. A very small
amount yet remains to be expended. The cost
in the form of rent and other charges to t&e Uni-
ted States, would be more than the interest upon
any sum that will now be appropriated; and I
will say that it will be a signal breach of good
faith on the part of the United States, if they
should arrest the progress of this work at this
stage of the building.
Perhaps it may be permitted to me to say, what
under other circumstances I would not say, that i
I can speak from my own personal knowledge, !
tha't immense sacrifices have been imposed upon j
all the persons who are interests in property m t
the immediate neighborhood of the building. I J
happen, unfortunately, to be in that category my- j
self, and I state this that I may not be exposed 1
to the charge of having advocated an appropria- i
tion in which I might possibly be considered as
having a contingent interest. The situation of
that building is such as to impair, and almost on- '
lirely destroy, the value of all the property in its j
immediate vicinity. The streets arc incumbered; j
the commerce of the town is interrupted; and !
while I certainly thought, at the time this dona- ]
tion was made by the city of New Orleans to the !
General Government, that my immediate interests !
were benefited by the donation and by the scheme \
that was then adopted for the erection of this |
building, which was tendered m good faith by i
•the city, and accepted in the same spirit by the i
Government, i am not exaggerating when 1 say I
that my own personal iuteicsts, in the period of j
the last ten years, have been affected to the ex- :
tent of more than fifteen or twenty thousand dol- ;
lars by the diminution of rents in the immediate j
vicinity of that property. I do not wish to be U
extravagant. I might multiply the sum of my j
own individual losses, caused by the delay in the I
completion of this building, fifty-fold, making |
the loss of property-holders in the immediate vi- :
cinity of that building at least £1,000,01)0 m that'}
time. It is a total prostration of the business of >
the immediate neighborhood of that custom-house, i
I will go further, and say, looking at it as a J
purely economical question, a question of mere ;
dollars and cents, that tin* saving of the expendi- j
tares of the Government, by the completion of
that building in a reasonable time, (and I thmk it |
can be completed in eighteen months by a proper
appropriation on the part of the Government,) :
would be an absolute saving. Now, when you I
take this fact into cjr.vr.'deration, connected with I
i.he other fact, that $3,300,000 have been appro- |
printed by the Senate, within two days, towaids, !
not the completion, but the very initiation of j
works, the greater part of which are confessedly j
useless, uncalled for by any exigency of the pub- i
lie service, and which might certainly be dis- !
pensed with, if economy be the order of the day, |
without any injury to any individual, or to any '
public interest; i any, when you consider the j
very extravagant action of the Senate in that par- [
tieular, I cannot, for a moment, hesitate in the I
belief and confident expression of opinion that, j
the Senate will concui in sustaining the amend- i
ment which 1 have justofleied, ai*d which is in !
conformity with the estimates of the Secretary of j
the Treasury. I have no more to say. !
Mr. GREEN. I have nothing to say against '
the amendment proposed by the Senator from ]
Louisiana; but for the same reason, predicated I
upon the same argument, 1 oiler an amendment 1
to lus amendment
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk m j
the chair.) The Senator from Louisiana oilers |
the following amendment: j
Tor lite (ompit;turn «>f tlx* custom-hou->o ul New Orleans, j
in conionnitv with the estimate of the Secretary oi the j
'i'reahutv, .-j3.30.000. j
The Senator from Missouri proposes to amend
the amendment by adding the following: ■
For the completion of the capitol building *md peniten-
tiary of the Territory of New Mexico, #93.000 : Provided,
That no part of the «>um hereby appropriated >hail be ex-
pended unul aeonliuctfor the completion of said capitol
and penitentiary, lor a sum within the amount hereby ap-
propuated. be executed by some lesporisiblc peison or per-
sons, and approved by the Governor and chief justice of
the Teintory.
Xvlr. GREEN. That is estimated for by the
Department. It is in continuation of a work
already commenced and partially completed, and
without something to complete it, it will be a
great loss. Most of the arguments applicable
against the New Orleans custom-house, do not
apply in this instance. But the Senator from
Lousiana intimates to me that it will embarrass
his amendment, and to accommodate him, I will
withdraw it, and wait until the vote, is taken
upon his.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg leave,
now, to say a word or two m support of what has
been said by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance in regard to the discontinuance of appro-
priations for these buildings in the present state
of the Treasury. I am glad to hear that all the
losses that may be sustained, at least in regard to
the custom-house at New Orleans, will fall upon
the friends of the Administration. There is some-
thing within the power of a party, here at least,
that will be unselfish in its character to know that
in making a sacrifice for the public good, it will
fall just there, and nowhere else. The Senator's
losses are a matter that we can well feel; the Sen-
ator himself refers to them.
Mr. SEIDELL. [ hope the Senator from Ark-
ansas will permit me to say that I trust he does no
suppose I advocate this measure upon any ground
of personal interest to myself. I hope he does
not^ i merely stated my own peculiar position,
and I thought it was proper I should state it to
the Senate, lest a misconception of my action and
my motives .should arise. I was advocating the
interests of what I conceived to be a great portion
of the community of New Oilcans.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have never
supposed, from the beginning, that the Senator
would be controlled by his own personal interests
in his public duty. Not only have I never sup-
posed it, but I have well known that there was
no loss that could be entailed upon the Senator
from Louisiana, that could ever induce him to
assume this lloor to utter one single, solitary word
m favor of any appropriation. The fact that ho
was anions tho.se who were losers by leaving tins
building without any appropriation for the next
yeat would make itsiiil more reconcilable tome
to hear from otie whom we know at least to be
unselfish; that, in giving his advice to us, he did
not ask that his voice and his advice might be
pursued here for his personal good alone. There
must be within this Senate some member, some
feature, some character, or the word of some man
upon which we may unite, or obtain at least a
point of unity, in carrying out our votes for the
public good. The Senator from Virginia has said
to us to-night, with reference to the reductions
made by the House of Representatives in these
appropi lations, that, though he has steadily voted
for the estimates that have been made for build-
ings of this character, he must cease to do so in
the present depressed condition of the Treasury.
He believes that those reductions have been well
made; and he says he will support them.
The Senator ftom Louisiana has no selfish in-
terest, m the proposition he has offered. We know
that be is entirely above all such considerations.
The Senator may have a selfish consideration with
everybody oise; but he speaks not of his interest
in this matter; but he speaks of it as affecting many
others. Those others, I believe, are friends of
this Government; and desne that it should be
prosperous, and its affairs earned on success-
fully. Let that general sentiment which has been
involved m the vote that has fixed a leduction
upon all those public woiks in the House be con-
sidered advantageous; let us act upon the recom-
mendation which has been given to us through
the most responsible quarter from which we could
get such a recommendation in this body. Let
that consideiation, and that advice, b'e followed.
1 shall be glad to vote against all these appropria-
tions, wherever I cannot obtain that same testi-
mony in behalf of a concession of this character.
While 1 pursue that course, I do hope that some
little of the countervailing and contraiy opinion
that may exist in other quarters, may also act in
the same spirit, and enable us to pass the bill
which is now before us to carry on the Govern-
ment, and thus avoid the expenditure of the mil-
lions of dollars that must be involved by having
an extra session of Congress. I sh$Jl vote against
the appropriation ofone single dollar beyond what
is contained in the bill for the custom-house at
New Orleans, for the simple reason that I believe
it is far better, to leave it to test the value of its
own foundation by still another year. Knowing
that Congress will give what is due to it in the
next year after it has been subjected to these tests,
I should prefer to subject it to that test,'rather
than to endanger this bill by putting upon it ap-
propriations for these buildings during the pres-
ent Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. BRODERICK and Mr. TRUMBULL
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the amendment
be again reported to the Senate.
The Secretary read it.
Mr TRUMBULL. I desire to read a single
line from the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made last May, in which he states that
the amount appropriated for this building is
$2,925,258; and, in reference to the building, he
says:
u The building still continue* to settle, and, from some
unexplained cause, at an increased rate duiing the past
year."
Now, I should think that we have appropiiated
quite enough for that building, for it is manifest
that it is going to tumble down.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would say to
the Senator, if ho puts his opposition to this ap-
propriation upon that ground, it is utterly impos-
sible that it can prevail with those Senators who
will reflect calmly and wish to act fairly upon the
subject. I tiust that the Senator will not insist
upon such an argument as that, for it amounts to
this: that the Government can never have itself
properly represented there. 1 ihtnk he'niustchange
the whole character of tlie votes of many—I know
he will change the character of my own for one—
if he places Ins opposition on a principle of that
sort.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to say one
word in support of this appiopriation, and espe-
cially, to answer the observation ofthe Senator
ftom Illinois. The Senator from flKhois reads a
portion of the report of theJSecretaryof the Treas-
ury, which states that this building has settled
two and eight hundrtdths of an inch last year.
Well, sir, that is nothing very extraordinary. All
the large buildings in the city of New Orleans
settle, from year to year, for a series of years,
and the reason is obvious. The soil is alluvial;
it is compressible in us nature. All heavy build-
ings settle on that soil to a certain extent, but after
a certain number of years that settling ceases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, the icport from which I have read does not
state that it settled two and a half inches. It says
it sunk more last year than the year previously,
but does not state how much.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken.
He has not read it all. It states that " the max-
imum settlement from December 6, 1851, has been
twenty inches and eighty-eiglrt hundredths."
These large buildings generally settle from two to
three feet before they have attained their regular
level. The St. Charles hotel, which is a building
of five or six stories in height, has settled, I think,
something over two feet since it has been built,
but then* is not a ciack in the walls. If the Sen-
ator had read the whole statement, he would have
perceived that is the condition of the building.
There is no trouble about it whatever ? It shows
that the maximum settlement since December 6,
1851, was twenty inches and eighty-eight hun-
dredths; the minimum settlement was thirteen
inches, and the mean settlement sixteen inches
and ninety-four hundredths. In the two years,
185G and 1857, the mean settlement of the build-
ing was one inch and seventy-one hundredths.
During the past year it was two inches and eight
hundredths.
Now this building has been about ten years in
progress of construction. It is a building of enorm-
ofis weight, entirely of granite. The walls are
exceedingly thick It is already more than four
