490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
of £he case. But I cannot agree that every sup-
posed, ideal, or imaginar-y necessity, justifies ap-
propriations from the national Treasury.
And now, Mr. President, upon another point;
that is, the point of difference between the powers
of the Government over the Territories and the
States. I have.slated heretofore, and now reiter-
ate, I hope more distinctly than I have expressed
it before, because I want to be understood on the
point, that if it be admitted that Congress lias
the power to make an appropriation to construct
a railroad in a Territory, I know of no reason
why Congress cannot make appropriations to
construct railroads in the States, except this, that
by going into the States you violate the sover-
eignty of the States. I hold that a State is the
guardian of its own sovereignty; and if the State,
by memorial, expressed through a convention of
its people, invites the Federal Government to make
a road, I do not see but that .the whole difficulty
is avoided. You do not go into the State accord-
ing to the argument, simply because, in doing so,
you violate its sovereignty. If the State waives
the right, it seems to me the argument is avoided.
I strike the question lower down. I deny the
right of the Federal Government to exercise this
sort of authority over th.e Treasury except upon
the grounds that I have already stated—that is, a
necessity immediate or so proximate that a pru-
dent man would prepare to meet it. I deny your
right as much to construct an unnecessary road
in a Territory, as I deny it to construct an unne-
cessary road in the States. And 1 assert that the
necessity must be immediate and pressing, and
not remote and contingent; and that the appropri-
ation must bear some piopor relation to the neces-
sity of the case.
1 content myself with asserting that if you have
the power to make appropriations for the con-
struction of a railroad in a Territory, you have
the same power to make appropriations to con-
struct railroads in a State, when you have the
consent of the State expressed through its sover-
eignty. I yieided the point the other day, as a
debatable one at least, that the Legislature and
Governor cannot speak for the sovereignty of a
State; but if the State in convention shall make
it a part of her organic law, that a railroad may
be constructed within her limits, then, for the life
of me, I cannot see how the sovereignty of the
State is outraged by the Federal Government do-
ing that which the sovereign invites her to do. I
do not see that the rights of my State are violated
at all by your doing what she, speaking through
a convention of her people, invites you to do.
In has been suggested, in the course of the ar-
gument, that the consent of the State could neither
enlarge nor diminish the powers of the Federal
Government. That is simply a truism. Indeed
it cannot, in any proper sense. And yet, it is
true, you may do that within thu limits of a Stale,
with the consent of the State, which you cannot
do without it.
It has been said, in the course of theargumcnt,
that the Federal Government must have the assent
of the State before you can establish arsenals,
dock-yards, navy-yards, &c., within the limits
of the State. I dare say that if raihoads had been
known when the Constitution was established,
they would have been included in the same cata-
logue. Railroads belong to the same class as
navy-yards, dockyards, arsenals, &c.; and if
they had been known at the day when the Con-
stitution was framed, I dare say they would have
been enumerated. I  put railroads in the same
category with dock-yards, arsenals, &c. You
can establish a navy-yard within a Slate, by the
consent of the State; so you may establish an
arsenal with the consent of the Suite; and so if
you have the power to make the appropriation at
all for arailroiulj if you have the poweroverthc
Treasury which authorizes you to make the ap-
propriation, I hold that you can make it as well
in a State, with the consent of the State, as in a
Territory. But I say again, I strike the question
lower down, and deny the power to use the na-
tional Treasury for this purpose,except in such
cases as I have named; that is, in cases of direct
or immediate necessity, not in cases of remote
and contingent necessity; and then your appro-
priation must bo confined to the necessity of the
case; and if it exceeds it, 1 hold it is as much a
violation of the Constitution to make the appro-
priation as to usurp a clear and distinct power.
It may be necessary to have a Navy; but will
anybody pretend that because you must necessa-
rily have a Navy you can therefore build a thou-
sand ships? Would not that be a violation of the
Constitution—as clear a trespass on the power
given you as would be the usurpation of a distinct
right? You have the right to have an Army; but
suppose you should propose to band the whole
population into an Army: would hot that boa vio-
lation of the Constitution, as much as to usurp
any given power? 1 hold that even yourgranted
powers are to be exercised with due and pioper
discretion and with proper regard to the necessity
of the case in hand.
This is all, Mr. President, that I have to say
on those two points. My friend from Georgia
[Mr. Jverson] said, a little whileago, that he re-
iterated and reaffirmed all that lie had said the
other day upon a question rather remote to this,
but which some how or other came to be lugged
into the debate. I shall not avail myself of my
privilege on this occasion to discuss the question
thus incidentally drawn into the discussion; and
yet I do for some speciaj reasons, peihaps special
to myself, feel some anxiety at no distant day
to express my vi<>ws on the point thus incident-
ally introduced. I content myself at present with
saying that having listened to the speech of the
Senator from Georgia, 1 indorse it cordially,
warmly, and enthusiastically. He spoke like a
true Southron as he is, upon all that related to
the powers of the Government over the Territo-
ries. While I do not choose to embarrass this de-
bate by giving any views of my own,I feel justi-
fied in saying this much in justice to my fiiend
and to myself. On some other bill, and when the
point shall be more germane, I shall express my
opinions as to the rights, powers, and duties of
the Federal Government in regard to the Terri-
tories.
Mr. MASON. It is after four o'clock, and I
think the indications are that we shall not act on
the bill this evening. I move, therefore, that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. GWiN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordeied; and being taken, resulted —
yeas 27, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS- Hcnjuimn, Broderick, Cameron, Chan-
die!, Ciaik, ('lav. Collamor, Dixon, Dutkee, Fescenden,
Fitzpatuelc, Fo^tei, Uamlin, Uoi^ton, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, l\Ia>on, Polk, lienl, Simmons, Slide!!, Stuait,
Toombs. Tiumbull, Wade. Ward, and WiKon—27
NAYS—Mi's-r-5. Bell, Biown. Chn<iman, DavN,
UnoiiMle, Douglas, Fuel), Foot, Green, Giwin, ilarlan, fver-
?on. Johnson of ArUim.-a--, King, Pugh, Rieu, Sebastian,
Scvvaul, Wright, and Yulce—21.
Thereupon the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 20, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
special committee.
The SPEAK.KH announced, as the special com-
mittee under the resolution of Mr. Sherman, of
Ohio, to inquire into charges made against, cer-
tain officers of the Navy Department, and at cer-
tain navy-yards, Messrs. Sherman of Ohio, Bo-
cock, Ritchie, Groe^beck, and Ready.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 desire to be excused from
service on that committee. I have now so much
business to attend to, that I cannot well see how
I can undertake any other.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflilmois. I hope the gen-
tleman will not insist in his application.
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the gentleman will
state his reason for asking to be excused. I should
be sony to excuse him, except for good reasons.
Mr. RITCHIE. I have more business in my
hands now than I can well attend to.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man can get rid of some of that, and attend to
this.
Mr. RITCHIE. I withdraw my request to be
excused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee on the Judiciary
may be permitted to hold sessions during the sit-
ting of the House. We have now some sixteen
or seventeen witnesses herein reference to a pend-
ing matter before that committee. Unless we have
the permission I ask for, it will be impossible for
us to get through with these witnesses in any rea-
sonable length of time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that objection. The Committee on the
Judiciary want to get through with their business
as rapidly and with as little expense to the House
as possible, and it is not right to object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was cut off myself
by an objection from offering a resolution. How-
ever, on the gentleman's statement, I withdraw
my objection to him.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection to
the request of the gentleman from Alabama, it
will be considered that it is ordered accordingly,
and that permission is extended to the Committee
on the Judiciary to sit during the session of the
House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Bickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
(S. No. G5) authorizing the Secretary oftheTreas-
ury to convey a portion of the Government lot on
which the United States court-house stands in
Rutland, Vermont, in exchange for other land
adjoining said lot; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
enrolled bills.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act to
provide for holding the United States courts in
the State of Alabama; when the Speaker signed
the same.
preemption rights.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Walbridge,] to refer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union the bill
granting rights of preemption to settlers on the
public lands of the United States, which was yes-
terday reported from the Committee on Public
Lands by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, since I
submitted the motion to refer, yesterday, I have
carefully examined the provisions of this bill, and
have been unable to discover anything particu-
larly wrong in it. It has, undoubtedly, some very
good provisions, and ought to pass. I am not
prepared to say, at this time, that the bill ought
not to become a law; on the contrary, from my
examination, I am disposed to think that itought
to be passed. I have one objection to it, however,
and that is to the sixth section. That section re-
peals all special acts in reference to preemption
rights. It is a sweeping repeal of everything in
relation to preemptions which is not in accord-
ance with the spirit of the bill. I withdraw my
motion to refer, and move to strike out the sixth
section, which is as follows:
" See. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all special acts
and resolutions to be earned out and applied m specified
States and Termoties. and all laws. and parts, of laws,
which nro mcons.ist.pnt with any of thf  piovmon* of tins
act, shall be, and aie hereby, superseded and annulled."
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the gentle-
man's motion to strike out the sixth section, in-
asmuch as some gentlemen think that section will
conflict with some individuals who have had spe-
cial acts passed for their relief. That section is
immaterial to the bill, and I interpose no objec-
tion to its being stricken out.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to move that the pro-
viso to the first section be stricken out. That
proviso is as follows:
uJlnd j.rovidcd fu)the)\ That if, at the date of survey, it
shall be found that the dwelling-houses of two or more set-
tlors are on the same quarter-quartej section, they shall be
entitled to a juint entry of said quarter-quarter section, and
each to a separate entry of other subdivisions, as hereinbe-
foie provided."
Mr. COBB. I suggest that there is no neces-
sity to strike out all of the proviso.
Mr. REAGAN. I propose to strike out the
whole proviso. If I understand the object of pre-
emption laws, it is that they shall give to persons
engaged, m the occupation and cultivation of the
soil, and in the development of the resources of
the country by those means, certain privileges.
They arc given a sort of gratuity of land; at least
the law gives certain advantages to those who set-
