1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
stories high. It occupies the entire square, front-
ing upon four streets. The area of the building,
as originally laid out by the architect, exceeds in
superficial feet the area of the Capitol that we
are now in. It was intended, originally, by the
Government, to be a building of uncommon size
and splendor. The original motive for erecting
a building of this character being a free gift, as
explained by my colleague, by the city cf New
Orleans of a piece of ground, worth $G00,000 in
the market, to the Government for a custom-
house. At that time, it was not known that iron
could be applied to buildings of this character,
with more advantage, on a soil as compressible-
as ours is, than granite. The building was com-
menced of granite. As I stated before, its weight
is very great; the soil is compressible. The
building is gradually settling, and I suppose will
continue to settle for two or three years more;
and when it has finished settling, the foundations
will have settled down probably altogether be-
tween two and three feet, just as ail the large build-
ings in that soil do.
I will state, that the geological formation of that
alluvial valley is, when we go down a depth of
about fifteen or twenty feet, we leach a tough
blue clay. All above that is composed of the de-
posit of the overflow of the river, or of the decayed
remnants of vegetable matter. We go down some
twenty feet, and find there the stumps of cypress
trees twenty or thirty feet under ground. 1 have
seen, myself, excavations at that depth, where
cypiess trees, of three or four feet in diameter,
were placed so close together that one could
hardly walk between them. It is matter of won-
der how the soil could eversuppoit so enormous
a vegetation. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Camkkon] knows something about it. He was
chief engineer in the construction of a canal in
New Orleans for a number of years. He under-
stands that soil perfectly.
Mi\ MASON. The Senator will allow me to
ask him, in that condition of things, what secu-
rity have they for a building of this superabun-
dant weight?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The security of a century
of experience. Our St. Charles hotel is six or
eight stories high. Nobody ever heard of the
walls cracking.
Mr. MASON. What is it made of?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is built of brick, not of
granite. The walls are of brick. The building
if? six or eight stones high. I do not know how
high. Nobody ever thought for a moment there
was the slightest difficulty about the stability of
the construction.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him how much the St. Charles Hotel has
sunk?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should say about two feet.
Mr. MASON. How long were they building it ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot tell how long
they were building it; but this building, or the
one which was burnt down in place of the pres-
ent one, I suppose was built fifteen or eighteen
or twenty years ago. I forget exactly. My col-
league can tell.
Mr. MASON. How long was it m course of
construction ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 think some two or three
years. I will not pretend to be particular about
that; but I know'thatthe first St. Charles Hotel was
burned down, and in rebuilding it, it was found
that the level of the first floor had sunk something
like two feet, perhaps two and a half feet; and, in
rebuilding it, the floors were raised; but the build-
ing never for one instant threatened destruction.
Nobody ever doubled for a moment the stability
of the building, because, the cause of the subsi-
dence of the building being the same in all parts
of the foundation, the building settles together.
Here or there there may be a stump, something
in the soil preventing an cxact equality of the
subsidence; but, as a general rule, there is a mean
subsidence. AH the wails being of about equal
weight, settle together, and there is no trouble at
all in relation to the stability of the building.
The engineers do not express a doubt as to the
building remaining firm.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will my colleague permit
me to interrupt him for a single moment? Incon-
sequence of the subsidence of the soil, a change
has been made in the plan of the building. The
purpose originally was to continue it to its ex-
treme height of granite, and cover it with granite.
Under the advice of the engineer, one of the most
valuable men in the country, one of the most sci-
entific and experienced engineers in the country,
iron has been substituted for the roof of the build-
ing, and there is no reason to apprehend that any
great subsidence will now occur, because the com-
pletion of the building will not throw any very
great additional weight upon it. I believe that is
the fact.
• Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, my colleague moves
an appropriation of $350,000, which is the entire
estimate lequired by the Dcpartmentfor the pres-
ent year. Under the circumstances, if it be sup-
posed the Tieasuiy is not in a condition to allow
of the approptiation of the entire amount of the
estimates, I, for one, would be ready to yield to
any reasonable reduction for a diminution of the
expenditure dui ing the current year; but the prop-
osition of the House bill is merely to use the un-
expended balance of appropriation in finishing
the building for use. Now, the unexpended bal-
ance of appropriation in November last, out of
$.250,000 appropriated for the current service of
the past year, according to the Treasury estimates,
was $48,945. I suppose, in all probability, there
are not $5,000 left unexpended. The consequence
will be that the building will remain as it is, ex-
posed to decay, and a probable loss to the Gov-
ernment exceeding any moderate appropriation
that might be made at the present time-to continue
the construction.
One word more, Mr. President. I am sensible
I am rendenngthe Senate impatient, and 1 do not
desire to make a speech on such a subject. This
building is not simply for the purpose of provid-
ing court-houses, for which we are paying a heavy
rent in that^city, post offices, for which we are
paying heavy rent,and custom-houseaccommoda-
tions, which are now provided by the building in
its present unfinished state; but the area of the
ground was so large that the plan of the building
contemplated covering the entire ground floor with
warehouses. Those warehouses, 1 believe, are
estimated to bring in from seventy-five to one hun-
dred thousand dollars rent when completed. Now,
that ground floor would give that revenue, be-
sides saving the Government—and the building
does save the Government—from paying the
heavy expenditure now going on for court-houses
and post offices. Rents are very heavy in New
Orleans.
I do not pretend to say, nor will I for one mo-
ment contend, that the expenditure of the Gov-
ernment on this building has been wise and ju-
dicious. Experience has shown us that the plan
orgmaily was too magnificent. It was an extrav-
agant plan. I do not defend it. But, the build-
ing has now neat ly reached the point to be covered
by its permanent loof, and the question is,whether
we shall leave a building of that chatacter, upon
which $3,000,000 have been expended, cai ried up
to the height of the roof, without putting the roof
on it. This expenditure, this year, will cover
the building, as I understand, and the subsequent
expenditures made by Congress will he for fin-
ishing the interior. Certainly a very small sum
of money, proportionate to that expended, will
suffice to complete the building.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Louis-
iana tell us how much will complete the building,
or near it ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I once built myself a dwell-
ing house. My contract price was $15,000, and
it cost $28,000 when I got through. Now-, what
this will cost, when we get through with it, I do
not know.
Mr. COLLAMER. It has cost $3,000,000 al-
ready.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, su; it has aheady
cost $3,000,000. It may cost $500,000 or it may
cost $1,000,000 more, 1 do not pretend to know.
I do not desire to mislead or deceive any Senator;
but the buflding cannot be abandoned by the Gov-
ernment as it stands. It must be completed. It
has filled an entire square of the city. The Gov-
ernment has an enure granite building, four or five
stories high, I forget which. It is a very tall
building, and ready for the roof. If it is supposed
the Government cannot afford to spend $350,000
on it this year, make some reduction of the
amount suggested by my coileague; but, at all
events, let the building be taken care of.
Mr. KING. I have been informed that there
is not money enough in the Treasury to pay the
appropriations; and that some of the appropria-
tions which have been heretofore made, have ex-
ceeded the amount in the Treasury; that the Sec-
retary has been unable to obey the command of
the law; that he has been compelled to discrim-
inate and to refuse to execute the law, because he
lias not the funds. No\^, I would inquire of the
Senator from Louisiana if he supposes that there
is money in the Treasury, so that the Secretary
can carry out this appropriation"?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say this to the Sen-
ator: if there is no money in the Treasury, I cer
tainly shall not blame the Secretary for not carry-
ing it out.
Mr. KING. That is no answer at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will say to the Sen-
ator that the Secretary asks us to appropriate this
amount; and, therefore, I suppose he has the
funds.
Mr. KING. Yes, sir, exactly; so I supposed.
The Senator from Louisiana may feel very safe,
becausc he may believe that the Secretary of the
Treasury will use this money for this purpose;
but, when it comes to another appropiiation, for
another object equally desirable for the public
interests, the Secretary of the Treasury says:
"This is one of those appropriations which, in
my discretion, I think not desirable to expend,
and I have no money in the Treasury for this
purpose."
The appropriation for the object to which I
allude was made some two years ago. Here is
an appropriation made last year, and another one
made this year, and ihe Senator relies upon his
friend to execute it; but when an appropiiation
for another object is brought up, it is different.
That is a soit of discretion and favoritism of
which', in my judgment, just complaint has been
made m this country, upon the part of the exec-
utive department of the Government, whose busi-
ness it is to execute the laws.
Now, I have no disposition to interfere with
this subject, so far as this appropriation for this
custom-house is concerned. Perhaps it ought to
be finished. The Senator from Louisiana did
me the favor, the other evening, to make the
building of the custom-houses upon the banks of
the St. Lawrence river the subject of an elaborate
report, from books, in which he showed that,
about a year ago this time, the ground had been
purchased, jurisdiction ceded by the State, and
all ready to go on; and the Secretary had nothing
in the way of going on and executing this pro-
vision, after that appropriation was made for those
custom-houses, including the one at New Or-
leans. The Secietary has expended money on
that 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator from
New York, when hepeiceives that it is very hard
to get a measure through, whether it is fatr that
he should oppose it on the ground of other Sen-
ators making opposition to his own measure?
Mr. KING. I say to the Senator fronrLouis-
iana, that there is nothing like revenge in this
matter. I simply desire to show to the Senator
from Louisiana the nnproprietyof the few remarks
lie made the other evening, in relation to a cus-
tom-house in my quarter, to which I did not re-
ply, because I had become satisfied that the Sen-
ate would disagree with him, and agree with me
as to the continuation of the appropriations. I
did not, upon that occasion, undertake to make
any charge or imputation upon the Secretary.
What I said then, and say now, is, that no such
ground as that could be set up here at any time.
We should not consent, in the Senate or in the
House, to a claim for the executive department
of the Government that this discretion exists.
They arc bound to go on, in my judgment, and
execute the laws pro rata; and so far as the credit
of this Government, for this purpose, is required
by law to execute them, they should rely upon
money in the Treasury. It always is there. If the
revenue, does not produce it; if the taxes of the
country do not produce it, a loan is resorted to,
or Treasury notes are provided for at once, to
whatever extent the executive depaitment re-
quires. While I shall make no special objection
to this appropriation, if it is to complete a build-
ing already commenced, yet every report I have
looked upon in regard to it, states that it is sink-
ing so that perhaps you will want to add another
story by-and-by, and want more money. I shall
