1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15T5
it is estimated, the sum of $5,000. That appro-
priation is asked for the accommodation of the
Court of Claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The same committee have in-
structed me to offer an amendment providing for
the heating of the center building with the same
system as that applied to the wings: I
For extending to the eentei building the ?) stem of heat- |
ing adopted for tiie wings, $;74,<>0U. I
I will state to the Senate that the same furnaces 1
which are used for heating the wings will suffice ;
for heating the center building. It will require;
an additional boiler at each extremity, and the !
introduction of pipe and other apparatus neces- :
sary for conducting the heat from the steam boil- I
ers. With this, all the corridors and passages
will bo brought to the equal temperature which i
now exists in the wings. Persons passing from !
one wins; to the other will not be exposed to the |
chilling draught which they now encounter; and >
it is found, upon calculation of the amount of fuel
consumed and the persons employed to keep up
the heating of the center building, that this will '
be more economical, and will also relieve the build- !
ing entirely from that danger of fire which has
already destroyed a portion of the Library, and
may involve a larje portion of the documents
which are kept in the center building. I ask the
sense of the Senate upon the amendment. ]
.Mr. PUGH. I think the present system of ;
heating the wings evidently defective. If it is :
pioposed to extend it, I shall cei tain!y vote against !
it. 1 think the experience of the Senate at this !
session is against this proposition.^ At one time '
this loom is so hot as to be barely inhabitable, .
and at another time too cold; and if it is proposed .
to extend that failure to the center building, I
would much rather have the old system. I think j
we were better off in the old Chamber than here
My opinion is, that the whole thing is a failute; '
and I do not want to spend moie money upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely say to my friend j
fiom Ohio, whom I have been unfortunate in at- j
tempting to convince, that I will not argue wuh
him this question of heating generally; but I will
merely say to him, that that of which he com- |
plains does not belong to the system of heating, i
It results from the open spaces by which the heat !
was brought into the Chamber, and I think I ;
can promise him, with some assurance, tiiat when i
the Senate meets at the next session, he will find
that these gratings have been removed; that in-■
stead of horizontal drafts of air, there will be j
vertical columns, and all that of which he com- ,
plains will no longer exist. It is not in the sys-
tem of hearing, hut in the manner in which the ;
heated air lias been introduced into the Chamber. :
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. DAVIS. This is the last amendment with
which I shall tax the patience of my friends here. ,
I present it from the same committee, the Com- J
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds: j
Foi eo iii plot nip the aqueduct to supply the cities of Wash- j
nigton and Geoigetown with .Potomac watei. £250,000. j
Mr. WILSON. I thought we were assured !
last year that the appropriation of $800,000, I ;
think it was, would be amply sufficient to com- j
plete this work. I should like to have some ex- j
phination of the amendment. I should like to i
know why it is necessary to appropriate this ad- j
ditional &250.000. !
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I can answer more J
briefly than otherwise by reading from the report!
of the chief engineer, page 194 of the estimates. 1
I find that the estimate required by the engineer
of the Department for this work is $250,000. ,
This is the estimate of Colonel Thayer, and the ,
note which is appended to this estimate gives the j
explanation which, I think, the Senator asks: ;
'•The original estimate contemplated the completion of,
the work in ivvo ycar^and, when tli.it e>tmi<ite wa< sub- ,
united, it wa* stated by the officer who prep.ued if, (Cap- j
tain M C. M<?ig-,coip.< of engineers:,) that if the woik was ;
delavcd by meagei appropriations, iU co>t would be much ;
inci eased. (Sue Senate Bxectitive Document, No. 48, sec-
ond sesMOn, Tnirty-riecrmd Congiess, page 33.)
i( Instead of two years, five and a half years have now 1
elapsed since the woik ua-. begun, duting two ot winch |
'16ri4 and 1856) no appiopi lation was made,and the appro-
bations made ijt 1^53 and 1855 were insufficient tor effect-
i\e piosi-cuiion of the woik.
«• With the iibeial appropriation? of 1837 and 1858, great
pio-rn^v has been made, and if the appiopri.vlon now esti-
mated for be granted, the work will be completed during
the next season.''
In addition to this, I will state that under a sys-
tem which we all approve, but which is not with-
out its defects, some portion of ihis work which
was commenced by the engineer upon plans de-
vised by him, was let out to contract, and the cost
was increased by so doing. I will cjte, for exam-
ple, the great bridge over what is called the Cabin
John creek, the largest single arch in the world,
for which the engineer had made complete ar-
rangements, all his machinery putchased, and a
large portion of the material was upon the ground.
If he had been left to constiuct the work without
the contract system being interjected, he would
have completed it certainly for a much smaller
sum than the woik was executed for by contract.
Nor is this all. It is the interest of every con-
tractor to urge that more woik has been required
of him than was required by the contract; and m
that very case, the contractor has now appealed
from the decision of the engineer to the Secretaiy
of War for an allowance, I think of $13,000. The
employment of agents, first by the contractor and
secondly by the Government, to watch the woik
of the contractors, together with the fact that the
engineer has not had the undivided control over
the worfc, which I believe he would have con-
structed with greater economy, has caused the
expense to exceed, if this amount be appropria-
ted, by twelve per cent, the estimate which was
made six years ago; and I venture to say there is
not a woik of equal magnitude in the United
States, the achievement of which has come so near
to the estimate as this very one.
Of the officer in charge of it I will say, I have
known no man who has shown higher diligence,
higher integrity, and higher capacity, for the ex-
ecution of a public woik. If theie be faults in
the administration of it, I do not think they he at
his door. I believe, now, that we may rely upon
the statement that the $250,0(JU ask< d for will
complete the woik, and complete it within a year.
If it is withheld, pome of the tunnels but par-
tially excavated, some of the bridges not yet com-
pleted, some of the culverts still unfinished, will
cause dilapidation, and a larger amount must
hereafter be appropriated. Moreover, ►Senators
will observe that, as they protract the work, so
they will increase the expenditure necessary by
keeping the engineers and agents—the officeis re-
ceiving the highest pay—in employment, without
adequate appropriation to call forth all their ener-
gies. These are the reasons for the amendment.
1 hope they will be satisfactory to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. President,
for the proposition made by the Senator from
Mississippi; but I want to hear the last of appro-
priations for completing this work. We were
assured, I think, two years ago, that an appro-
priation, if then made, would complete it. It
appeals that there wasa mistake of $250,000, but
we have undertaken the woik; it lias been laid out
upon a magnificent scale; an aqueduct one thnd
the size of this one would have been ample for
this city for all coming time; it is much larger
than the work which supplies the great city of
New York; but the woik was commenced on a
large scale, has cost a large sum of money, and
we are assured now that $250,000 will complete
it; and, on that assurance, I will vote for the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let us have
the yeas and nays on the amendment. ["Oh,
no!"] Why not? It will take but little time.
1 demand the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordeied.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I have an amendment to offer,
but I will yield to the Senator fiom Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. I ofi'er the following amend-
ment 
Mr. BIGLER. I sent an amendment up to the
desk some time ago, which, I think, should be
considered before these other amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania that his
amendment was sent up before the present in-
cumbent of the chair took it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator cannot get the
floor by sending an amendment up to the desk.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Missouii
allows me, in consideration of the fact that I have
to attend a committee of conference, to offer one
or two little amendments, They can give rise to
no debate. If they should, I will let them go;
but they are so palpably right thai I do not think
anybody will object to them. The first is:
For grading and graveling B street south, between Sev-
enth and Fouiteenth streets west, setting curb and paving
gutter with stone and footway with brick.on the north side
of the same, next to the public i enervation, $7,979 50.,
I only want to say that that is in execution of
an existing law.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there an estimate for it?
Mr. BROWN. There is. The committee called
upon the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
have an estimate made by the engineer. It was
made in accordance with the usual mode of doing
such things.
Mr. HUNTER. Who is the engineer?
Mr. BROWN. The engineer, I think, is Mr.
Coyle.
Mr. PUGH. It strikes me that the estimate
of §7,000 for paving and flagging is enormous.
Mr. BROWN. * The gentleman does not know
how much grading there is. B street runs the
whole length of the mall, from the Capitol to the
Potomac nver. There is a memorandum attached
to the bottom of the amendment, explaining it.
Mr. PUGH. Let the amendment be read again;
there must be some mistake iti that estimate.
Mr. BROWN. No; there is no mistake in it;
it is for seven squares.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. BRO WN. It is made in pui suance of ex-
isting law, and I suppose there will be no object
tion to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have another amendment to
offer.
Foi paving, grading, and improving Fstieet north, be-
tween Ninth ami fourteenth vu<j' n west, ,$8,887 39.
All I have to say is, that F street is the street
between the Patent Office and the Post Office and
the Treasury and other Departments at the other
end of the avenue. It is one used by the Gov-
ernment, and is in a terrible state of dilapidation.
The committee thought it the duty of the Gov-
ernment, inasmuch as ihey use it for their own
purposes, to keep it in repair. We offer that
amendment in accordance with that object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have one other little amend-
ment, winch I hope will be agreed to. I suppose
there will be a point of order made on it:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Building4! to pay to
C. li. Clu-kev a balance due him 'or sei vices rendered as
engineer foi the United States, in 18-19, $626 50.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order on
that amendment. It is a private claim.
Mr. BROWN. I want to say, before the ques-
tion is decided, that we have more than once put
on exactly similar amendments on this bill.
Mr. GREEN. The point of order must be de-
cided without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
; thinks the question is not debatable. The Chair
j decides the amendment to be out of order.
! Mr. GREEN. I now offer my amendment,
| which is lying upon the desk of the Secretary,
! to come in between lines forty-one and forty-two:
For tiie completion of lite capito] building and peniten-
tiary m the Temtory of Now Meviro. .593,000 : Provided,
Thai no pait of the ^um hereby appropuated shall be ex-
pended rtntil a eontiaet for th  completion of said capitol
and penitential) (or a -nm within the amount hereby ap-
piopnated be executed i>) ■some ie>pon«ible person oi por-
-,oii:r-, and appu \ed by the Governor and chief justice of the
Tenuoiy.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there an estimate for that?
I do not raise the question of order.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, I have an estimate. Itis
an estimate made by the Secretary of the Treas-
uty, showing; that this sum will complete the
present buildings.
Mr. HUNTER. Then he does not recom-
mend it.
Mr. GREEN. And he recommends the appro-
priation. There have been expended $60,01)0 on
the two buildings. One is twenty-five feet high,
ant! the other thirty-four feet high; and they are
nowexposed. The capital is the permanent cap-
Hal; it is the center of the Terntory, the center
of population, and will be forever the center of
population of the Territory; and, therefore, this
money may properly be expended.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to say that I think
there must be some mistake about the euumate.
