1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
It is not in the book of annua] estimates, unless
it has come in since the annual report. What is
the date of that estimate ?
Mr. GREEN. May 13, 1858.
Mr. HUNTER. That was a long time ago.
The annual estimates do not mention it.
Mr. GREEN. I apprehend, if the Secretary
changed his opinion, he would have informed us
of the fact. That Congress failed to act on the
estimate and recommendation before, is no reason
why we should not now act upon the recommend-
ation and estimate; but I will not consume time.
I will only ask a vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. JONES. I wish to offer ah amendment
to that. I have asked my friend, the chairman,
to allow me to offer an amendment for Omaha
city.
Mr. GREEN. I will answer that that was be-
fore the Committee on Territories, and we voted
it down.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; and so was the other
one for New Mexico voted down in committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. Roth were voted down.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I raise a question of
order, if the committee voted them down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmein-of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order
upon both of them. I understand they were voted
down in committee*, and Senators have no right
to offer them as individual members.
Mr. GREEN. If recommended by the head
of a Department, they may; but if not recom-
mended ny the head of a Department, then they
must be recommended by a committee. The Sen-
ator from Iowa has neither for his amendment.
I have one, but not, the other.
Mr. H UNTER Here are the annual estimates,
and I do not find that estimate among them. The
estimate to which the Senator alludes was made
a yeaf ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Polk in
the chair.) The Chair decides, on the statement
of the Senator fiom Missouri, that his amendment
is in order.
Mi. JONES. Hut, Mr. President, I will thank
you to h.sten to me for one moment. There is
the name authority for I lie amendment providing
for Omaha city that theie is for the one for New
Mexico.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No point of
order was made on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa to the amendment. j
Mr. HUNTER. 1 cannot raise it, if it is do- j
cidai that the amendment olfered by the Senator 1
from Missouri is in order. 1 do not see how I !
could raise the lule on the Senator from Iowa, j
if the amendment of the Senator fiom Missouri '
is decided to be in order, because both were voted ]
down in committee. !
The PRKSIDINGOFFICER. Tho Chair has '
not decided. He has not heaid the question of
older made upon the amendment to the amend-
ment at all.
Mr. UUNtUR. I raised it oft both.
Th.iPRESIDIiN'UOmeiiR. The Chan- did
not so understand. However, the Chaw does not
rule it out.
Mr. JONErt. I want it distinctly understood
that I am myself decidedly in favor of the^appro-
priatJon for New Mexico; but I am equally and
warmly in favor of Omaha city. I do not believe
we should make any distinction between Terri-
tories North and South. For myself, I am as
much in favor of the South as 1 am of the North
in such cases. I have been tin1 representative of
a Territoiy, and I know how to feel for them,
because they have no i epresentatives hero. I be-
lieve both these .imeiidmunts weie voted down in
commuter; but if the majouty of the members of
the committee have agreed to the amendment, of
the Senator ft om Mi^sduii since, in the one ease,**
they must agree to it in the other.
Mr. BRIGHT, i should like to have the
amendment to the amendment lead, to see what
it is. We cannot legislate intelligently unless we
know what is before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I would suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he can offer his amendment to the
bill.
Mr. JONES. No; I want both to go together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- j
ment to the amendment will be read. i
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to add the following:
And he it farther enacted, That the sum of $63,000 he,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated, as follows:
$30,000 for the purpose of completing the capitol building
of Paid Territory, and $33,000 foj^he purpose of erecting a
i prison-house in said Territory: Brovided, that no part of
the sum hereby appropriated shall*!*} expended until a con-
tiaet or contracts tor the completion of said capitol, and
loathe erection and completion of said prison-house, ioi a
sum not exceeding the sum hereby appropriated,'be exe-
cuted by some jesponsible person or poisons, and approved
by the Governor of said Territory.
Sec. —. Jliul he it fuithct emitted, That before any part
of the sum hereby appropriated for the erection of a pVi-on-
house shall he expended, the judges of the supreme court
of" said Territory, or any two of them, shall designate the
&ite for the erection of paid prison and 'report the" frame to
the Governor, who shall theieupon cause such prison-house
to be erected on the site thus selected.
Mr. BRIGHT. Now, I should like to inquire
if these items were estimated for by any Depart-
ment ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly they were.
Mr. BRIGHT. Well, sir, 1 want the estimate
! read. What'Department?
Mr, JONES. The chairman of the Commit-
\ tee on Territories has the paper before him.
| Mr. GREEN. I have never had estimates for
I that appropriation from any Departn\ent. I have
[ estimates for the capitol buildings in New Mex-
| ico in my hand, made May 13, 1858, and the
i recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury;
but for the other I have never had any.
j Mr. JONES, I am informed by the Delegate
of the Territory of Nebraska that they have been
j made. I took his word for it. I do not recollect
I seeing them myself. I never saw any made for
j New Mexico. 1 know the question was biought
) up in the Committee on Terntorics, and they were
1 both voted down then. Since that time an at range-
| ment has been made, an agreement, perhaps, by
! the majority of the committee to offer an amend-
ment for the New Mexico buildings. The very
same piovisions apply to this amendment, which
; 1 have oflored, as it is exactly in the same words,
| except the amount of money. It is to be ap-
proved by the Governor and the judge of the su-
preme court.
Mr. PUGH. I want to raise a question of or-
der. An estimate made last year does not come i
within our rules. It must be estimated for this 1
fiscal year. i
Mr. GREEN. Vote the amendments down, if i
you choose. j
Mr. PUGH. Well, if wo shall vote them !
down, I do not care about raising the point of !
order. |
The amendment to the amendment was reject- I
ed; there being, on a division—ayes 15, noes 22. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question '
now recui s on the amendment offered by the Sen- j
ator from Missouri. 1
Mr. LANE. 1 have an amendment that I de-
sire to offer to that amendment. j
Mr. GREEN. Rather than have this contro- j
versy, I will withdi;iw that amendment and move 1
another. Because they cannot eat the hay, they
will buik at other animals that could eat it. I
olfei the following amendment:
For deficiency in the executive extraordinary expenses
in Katies Tei i iiorv dui ing the administration 01 Govei nor
John U\ (ieai j . -R).
I will briefly explain that amendment. It is
recommended by the committee. Itis a deficiency
in the executive expenditures that occurred dur- ,
mg his administration m the Tenitory. It has
been audited and adjusted at the Trcasuty De-
pat tmenl, and recommended by the Secretary of
State, and is recommended by the committee. It
amounts to §690 '10. ["That is ail right!"] |
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Otftce and Post Roads to offer an ;
amendment, which I send to the Chair. It is to
insert, as n new section: '
.7m/ hr it fmthei ewrctcd, That the Secictarv of the Navy I
be. and he w hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Ed-
ward K. Collins, and ins associates the sum of $147,730,
the balance of appiopnauons hcietotorc made toi tran^por- 1
tati-">n ot the mail- fiom New Yoik to Liverpool and back, ,
and withheld hv tin; Department at quaitcilv payments
made on the contract tot that service on the yoth days of '
June and September, 1656, and The 31st of March, and the
.'iilih ot June and September, 1857, ie«pectively ; but there
shall lie deducted theietioni the mhii of $115,500, ot such '
sum a- is owing to the t'mtcd States for advances made to ,
jj K. Collins. and his associates by act of Congices, !
I raise a question of order on
The Senator
Mr. HUNTER.
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.
from New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides it out of order.
Mr. H ALE. Will the Chair hear me for a mo-
ment? I take an appeal in order to make a brief
explanation. I want simply to read the rule. It
is:
" 30. No amendment, proposing additional appropriations,
j shall be received to anygeneral appropriation bill, unless it
j be made to carry out the piovifctons of pome existing law,
[ or some act or resolution, previously passed by the Senate,
I duung that sesMon, or moved by direction of a standing or
| select committee of the Senate, or in puisuance of an es-
I timate fiom the head of «.ome of the Depaitments ; and no
, amendment shall be received whose object is to provide for
a private claim, unle-s it be to carry out the provisions of
an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
If the Senate will give me their ear for a few
minutes, I have reduced everything I want to say
to writing on half a sheet of paper, and I think
the Chair will see that his decision is wrong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
hear the Senator from New Hampshire. The
Chair wishes merely to know whether the claim
is one based on an existing law; whether it is
necessary to carry out an existing law?
Mr. HALE, it is based on an existing law,
and recommended by the committee to carry out
the law.
Mr. TOOMBS. The whole question depends
upon that fact.' There is no law about it, except
that a fellow has carried no mail for two years,
and owes us about one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollais.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will hear what the Senator from New Hampshire
has to say on that point.
Mr. HALE. I have reduced it to writing; or
somebody else has for me.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have no doubt of that.
Mr. HALE. It is not often I get a speech
written for me. [Laughter.]
This amendment is the same as that reported at
the last session by the chairman of the Post Office
Committee. It passed the Senate and the House,
but it fell when, on motion of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the Post
Office appropriation bill was laid on the table.
(Page 1098 Joui nal of House.) I will simply state,
' that the amendment is in accordance with the
opinion of tiie Attorney General, given officially
to the Secretary of the Navy on the 4th June,
| 1857, who closes his opinion in these words:
! " But inasmuch as they have kept their covenants liter-
| all), and a-> there is no evidence that can justify a suspicion
; ot bad taith, I see notlnm; in the case on which I can rest
; niy conscience m advwng you to withhold from them the
| money which the Government has promised to pay them."
The judge of the United States circuit court in
j New York, after a full argument before him, gave
1 a decision in favor of this claim. These are his
j words:
I '• But I do not choose to ten mvdeei-ion upon any tech-
1 ntcal mound, bom}; entirely satisfied that the defendants
; have .i nsiht tti in-i>t that theie h a larger sum due tor mail
! semcc than that vet lemaimmz imp ml on account of the
advances seeuied b} the turn deed-."
! I will likewise state that the Collins company
is dissolved; their steamships have been sold
1 under execution, and the proceeds of this claim
, have been assigned to creditors of the company.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides the amendment out of order.
' Mr. HALE. Very well.
J Air. BIGLER. I now call up the amendment
which I offcied some time ago, on the authority
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. It is a local matter, to which there will be
no objection. It is to insert, as new sections:
-iwt be if Oof her enurtH, That the lot of gmund m the
1 eitv oi Philadelphia, heietotore agreed to he purchased hv
the United Stau - fiom the Aiueiictm Philosophical Society
i as a .-tie lot a eoutt boti-e, shall bo «.old at public auction
! to the ln<;he>t and be-t bidder; and that the lot m said eitv,
hcrctotbie purchased fiom the Bank of Pennsylvania for a
po-t office, «.hail a!-<< be sold at public auction for the be«t
I puce it will hrins: Provided, That said lois shall not be sold
lot an aggregate sum of less than £205,000.
Awlbc itJurlha enacted, That the.-hm orsumsof money
rai-ed by the sale of the lots and "rounds authonzed to be
, -old by the preceding section of tins act, together with' the
unexpended balance of the appropnation tor the eonstruc-
1 tion of a po-t office at Philadelphia be applied and expended
[ as follows, to wit:
! For the purchase of the fi mint wen of the custom-house,
commonly-known as the Levy corner, a sum not exceeding
