1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 m
tion of the President's message, upon which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Illinois will yield for that purpose, 1 will
move that the committee take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. KELLOGG. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS; of Missouri, I then submit the
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
committee took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. m., (Mr. Stevenson in the chair.)
Mr. PURVIANCE, As one of the Represent-
atives of Pennsylvania, I have had in my charge
for some time a bill to increase the duties on for-
eign imports, which, on Monday a week ago, I
attempted to bring to the notice of the House, by
a resolution appended to proceed forthwith to its
consideration.
I intended testing the sense of the House on
the great question which concerns so many of my
constituents, and to ascertain whether there is
any party m the House, on the Democratic side
of it, ready to sustain the President's recommend-
ation in favor of specific duties. We are now in
the seventh week of the short session, and with-
out any report from the Committee of Ways and
Means on what I consider the most important
of all subjects connected with the true interest of
the country. President-making is the order of
the day, and speeches are made indicating plat-
forms for parties to govern the future action of
this mighty nation. I tell gentlemen they have no
right to speak for any but themselves; and it is
well the gentleman from Maine declared he spoke
only for himself. His platform may do well
enough for the State he represents; but I say to
him, in the spirit of kindness, he must permit
Pennsylvania to makeherown platform, demand-
ing, and insisting upon it, that protection shall be
one of the planks, which she will hereafter never
consent to surrender. She has hundreds of mil-
lions of mineral wealth, which the God of nature
intended should be developed; and we fearlessly
and publicly proclaim it that we will act with no
party that will turn its back upon the great policy
to which we are devoted.
In the Democratic party, on that question, the
people of Pennsylvania have no faith, as they
have inscribed upon their banners "free trade;
and although they promise and pledge fidelity to
this interest m the Keystone State, they have so
often broken their pledges that the people of
Pennsylvania no longer depend upon them. It
was this, sir, more than anything else, that caused
the recent avalanche of condemnation of the Dem-
ocratic party in that State, and which brings to
the next House an almost united Opposition del-
egation. That delegation was elected on a Union
ticket—a union of the elements of opposition to
Democracy; the same union which, to some ex-
tent, was formed in 185G, without which Mr.
Buchanan's majority would have been over one
hundred thousand; and the same union which
must be depended upon in 1860, to elect an Op-
position President. The Democracy ot North
and South profess to differ on the tariff, on Le-
compton, on the purchase "and annexation of Cu-
ba, on internal improvements; and yet,as Demo-
crats, they unite on the same nominees for official
station. A representative President upon all ques-
tions cannot be elected by any one party. A
representative President upon a single question
might be elected, I admit, if a matured public
opinion in that direction was sufficiently strong
to do it; but as parties are at present organized,
it is evident to all that no such election couid be
effected. It could not be done in Pennsylvania,
as the vote of 18j6 clearly show?; Mr. Buchan-
an's vote being two hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand, Colonel Fremont's about one hundred and
twenty-seven thousand, and Mr. Fillmore's about
one hundred and eight thousand, it could not be
done in New Jersey and Illinois, as shown by
the vote of both of these States in 185G, both hav-
ing cast their electoral votes for Mr. Buchanan;
and yet, at the same time, by a fusion of the Op-
position elements, Opposition Governors were
elected.
Whilst we have never yet elected a President
upon any one distinct issue, we have elected a
number by a fusion of the elements of opposition
to the principles of an existing Administration.
It was the case with Mr. Jefferson, who was ele-
vated to power, not on any distinctive principle of
his own, but by a fusion of those who were op-
posed to the prominent measure of the adminis-
tration of the elder Adams; such as the alien and
sedition law, and other prominent measures. So
in the case of General Harrison, by a fusion of
the friendsof a rigid economy and of a protective
tariff, with a host of clamorous soldiers and sons
of soldiers of the war of 1812. So in the case of
General Taylor, by a fusion of the friends of
protection in the Isorth with the soldiers North
and South who had served under him, together
with a numerous band of worthy Democrats who
were dissatisfied with the mode of administering
the Government by Mr. Polk. Agaiti,in the ease
of Mr. Pierce, by a fusion of dissatisfied Whigs
with the entire Democratic party, who were out,
and desired to be. in. And again,as still more
prominently exhibited in the case of Mr. Buch-
anan, by a fusion of Whigs, Americans, and
Democrats in many parts of theUmon, and espe-
cially in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
The battle which decidcd perhaps the fate of
most of Europe was won by the force of allied
Powers; and the chaplet that decked the brow of
the world's mightiest hero was torn away by the
power of combination.
The tyranny and despotism of the mother coun-
try was overcome and destroyed by the flowing
and fusion of French and American blood. With-
out this power of combination the sun of England
might have set forever at Waterloo, and the re-
verberation of the last feeble echo of liberty might
have been heard upon the lulls of Yorktown. Side
by side in these great struggles weie commingled
the voices of soldiers speaking different languages,
the blood of patriots of different nations strug-
gling for the attainment of one common end—the
disenthralment of millions then and yet unborn.
It was by the power of combination in this
House, of men holding opposite political tenets,
that one of the greatest of wrongs was prevented,
and a constitution (unjustly sought to be enforced
upon an unwilling people) set aside and con-
demned, and the purity of the ballot-box main-
tained.
The attempt to nullify the revenue laws l:y a
portion of the people of South Carolina, was
promptly met and suppressed by a combnmtion
of able statesmen of different political ommons,
at the head of whom were Jackson and Webster;
the proclamation of the one, and the speeches of
the other, on that question, remaining, long after
they have gone, the enduring monuments of their
fame.
Democrats widely differing on the same ques-
tions—tariff and free trade, Lecompton and anti-
Lecompton, filhbuster and anti-filiibuater, Cuba
and anti-Cuba, for and against the opening of the
African slave trade, for'and against internal im-
provements, for and against popular sovereignty,
and for and against the Union—commingle in the
same national conventions; join hands in the nom-
ination of the same candidates, and present a uni-
ted front in their election. It is here, in Congress,
where they quarrel about measures, each man
representing what he believes to be the peculiar
views of Ins own constituents regarding platforms
and party professions, made in conventions with
about aw little reverence and respect as the people
of Pennsylvania now cherish for James Buchanan.
In 1844, the Democracy of the Keystone State
inscribed upon their banners "Polk, Dallas, and
the tariff of i'MS," and contended that Mr. Polk
was a bett-.-i friend of that tariff than Mr. Clay.
Buchanan and Dallas helped along the delusion;
and when they both secured office and power,
they basely betrayed a confiding people. The one
boldly, but basely, struck it down by his vote as
Vice President; whilst the other played the part
of a cringing Secretary to the President who rec-
ommended its destruction. The combination of
indignant Democrats with the insulted Whigs of
the Keystone State two years after the deed was
done, carried General Taylor by a majority of
thirteen thousand over General Cass, whose sup-
porters professed to be the especial friends of a
protective tariff. Had James Buchanan been the
candidate at that time, for his recreancy in this
particular, I .verily believe, he would have been
beaten in his native State,greatly beyond the vote
given against General Cass. The people of Penn-
sylvania, at their recent election, by a fusion of
opposition elements, secured a triumph almost
without a parallel, beating the Administration in
every congressional district but two, and electing
the Opposition State ticket by twenty-eiglit thou-
sand. The successful ticket was aUmon ticket- -
a union of all who were opposed to the course
which Mr. Buchanan had pursued, not on Le-
compton only, but his other measures. His Utah
war; his reckless and extravagant prodigality;
his refusal or neglect of the interests of the miner,
mechanic, and manufacturer; his known leaning
and inclination towards the purchase and annex-
ation of Cuba, together with the generally con-
ceded opinion of his inefficiency in administra-
tive ability, were the controlling causes which
led to the great anti-Administration triumph in
Pennsylvania; and I have to say, once for all, to
gentlemen who are disposed to make platforms,
that it is only by the combination of all the ele-
ments of opposition that success can be expected.
We have Whigs, Americans, Democrats, and
Republicans, who sympathize on most of the
questions named, and who are willing-to concen-
trate their strength in a union movement, with-
out which Pennsylvania cannot and must not be
counted in any presidental contest that is here-
after to come off. We have an opposition strength
sufficiently great to carry the State, whemunited;
but divided, a plurality would control, and thus
twenty-seven electors be thrown away. Let us,
on this subject, be admonished by the past; be
controlled by circumstances as they may tje de-
veloped m the future; making no platforms, lest
in the mean time they may give way; and, when
the proper time arrives, we will call together the
patriots of the land and invoke their union m one
mighty effort to restore this country to what it
was in the days of the earlier Presidents.
Thus much in reply to the speech of the gen-
tleman from Maine.
And now I turn to the message. Although
the President thrusts upon us his Kansas policy,
and persists that he was right and the public judg-
ment wrong, it strikes me that that part of his
message is undeserving of any answer in the
shape of argument. Upon that question he has
been arraigned, tried,and justly convicted of hav-
ing perpetrated a gross and unwarrantable out-
rage upon the rights and liberties of a free people,
for which he can make no atonement short of an
acknowledgment of the wrong-^an admission
that he was driven to it from a fear of offending
hi3 acknowledged mastcis, and a promise in the
future to follow his own convictions of the right,
regardless of threats or denunciations from any
quarter. His own shrewd paity friends admit
that he has committed a great political mistake,
by winch he has disabled roost of them for life,
and especially so in Pennsylvania, to an extent
so great as to justify one of my colleagues [Mr.
Dewart] to move that the defeated Democratic
candidates for 1858, in the Keystone State, be
placed on the pension roll—on the invalid list, I
suppose—at the rate of ninety-six dollars a year.
Whether my colleague intended to include in the
benefits of this niohon our colleague from the
Berks district, who was suddenly summoned by
the President to tear himself away fiom the affec-
tionate embrace of a constituency for whom he
had promised, and doubtless intended, to do so
much, to attend to some derangement in our for-
eign relations with Austria,is not exactly known;
hut it is believed the motion would include our
departed brother.
The President reiterates his argument in favor
of the Lecompton constitution. Silence pervades •
the Hall. Since the people have condemned , no
voice is to be heard to condemn them, but the
President. No voice is heard m reply; and the
President is therefore left to talk the matter over
ji to himself, and seems to be weil pleased with the
' undertaking; and if asked his reasons, would per-
haps reply as once did a very worthy old gentle-
man, who was addicted to the same habit, and
who declared he had two reasons for it: first, that
he always hked to talk to a man of sense; and
secondly, that he always liked to hear a man of
sense talk.
But my purpose is not to discuss Kansas, but
to ask the attention of the committee for a short
