496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
time to some views I intend to submit on that
part of the President's message which relates to
specific duties, a subject in which m.y constitu-
ents and the people of my State are deeply inter-
ested. A revenue system is admitted to be indis-
pensable to the maintenance of the Government,
and must from necessity be based upon ad valorem
and specific duties. To prevent frauds, specific
duties should, in every instance, be.adopted, if
practicable, and especially upon articles of weight,
of like quality, should such duties be invariably
.applied.
The remark of the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millson-,] that the civilized world
had abandoned the protective policy, and espe-
cially specific duties, demands a reply. That hon-
orable gentleman sees, in the passage of the pen-
sion bill, a necessity for returning to specific duties,
and calls upon the friends of free trade to beware
of the signs of the times, as indicating a return to
the protective policy. I trust the gentleman is
correctin his supposition, and sincerely hope his
prediction may be verified; but that gentleman
must allow m.c to say, for one, that I voted for
the pension bill irrespective of any connection it
might have with a tariff. I voted for it because
I believed it was but rendering justice to a mer-
itorious class of my constituents, tvho exposed
themselves to the perils of war and climate to de-
fend me and mine, when 1 was unable to defend
myself.
To the soldiers of the war of 1812 we owe a
debt of gratitude which can never be repaid by the
idle declamation about duty and patriotism re-
quiring them to serve their country. Duties ought •
to be equal, reciprocal, and not onerous and par-
tial; anu the soldier who served from patriotism,
if you please, is nevertheless entitled to some re-
muneration for loss of time, health, business, and
worldly prospects, and is no more bound to sur-
render these for our benefit and advantage than
we would be bound to give the public our time
free of remuneration. Republics uie said to be
ungrateful; but by no vote of mine shall such
a sentiment be permitted to become a maxim.
That very patriotism which prompts the soldier
to deeds of valor which imperil ins life, is more
than half sustained by the assurance, winch flashes
upon him amidstthe carnnge of war, that the wid-
ow and orphans he leaves behind him will not be
neglected by the country for which he is offering
his life aa a sacrifice. Deprive him of this conso-
lation, and you make him a coward who would
otherwise be brave; a coward, not in the fight, but
as to the consequences—the desolation and desti-
tution which would be inflicted upon those he
leaves behind.
But, sir, it is not my purpose to talk of a bill
upon which we have deliberately acted, other than
to disclaim motives which honorable gentlemen
have thought proper to impute; which, so far as
I am concerned, have no foundation.
The civilized and scientific portion of the world,
as the gentleman from Vngmia tells us, have not
favored, and do not favor, the protective policy,
but have cordially embraced the free-trade doc-
trines of Adam Smith, and other political econo-
mists. Our Government, from its earliest organ-
ization down to President Polk, maintained the
right and policy of protection; and none of our
earlier Presidents ever had the smallest scruple as
to the constitutional power to do so. The various
powers delegated to Congress—to make and legu-
late coin, to make and unmake navies and armies,
war and peace, to regulate commerce, to lay and
collectimposts, and to provide for the general wel-
fare of the nation, together with numerous others
not necessary to mention—confer ample authorny
to regulate the internal commeiceof the country;
■ upon the srability and prosperity of which mainly
depends that of the foreign commerce of any coun-
try,as I shall picsently endeavor to show. The
annual messages of Washington, Jefferson, Mad-
ison, Monroe, and Jackson, contained recom-
mendations iu behalf of the protective policy, as
exhibited by the foiiowing extracts. I know thy
Democracy of the present age is nut in the habit
of looking upon anything which conies from
Washington as of much account—regarding him,
in his day and generation, only as aclever sort of
man, and tolerably good surveyor, but entirely too
much of an old fogy. As to Madison and Mon-
roe, they too, in the eyes of the progressive De-
mocracy, were but a pair of Virginia donkeys,
behind the age in which they lived, and only fir
for country squires. For Jefferson and Jackson
they used to entertain some little reverence; but
now they have discovered that both of these men
were not civilized, not scientific, and therefore
semi-barbarian. They were, however,all sworn
to support the Constitution of the United States;
and coincided in their interpretation of that in-
strument, and made their annual recommenda-
tions in accordance with their convictions of what
it meant, and of the powers it conferred.
Washington's First Annual Message,
{< The advancement of agriculture, commerce, and man-
ufactures, by al! proper means, will not, I tiust, need rec-
ommendation."
Washington's Eighth Annual Address.
"Congress have repeatedly, and not without success,
directed their attention to the encouragement of manufac-
tures. The object is of too much consequence not to injure
a continuancc of their efforts in every way winch shall ap-
pear eligible."
Jefferson^ Scrond Jinnual Message*
"To cultivate peace, and maintain commerce and navi-
gation in all then lawful enterprises ; to footer our fishenes
as nursenes of navigation and for the nurture oi man; anil
pioteetthe manufactures adapted to our cucumstance ;
to preserve1 the lauh of the nation by an exact di&chaige of ]
its. debts and contracts; expend the public money wit!) the I
same care and economy we would practice with our own, ]
and impose on our citizens no unnecessary buidorw; to i
keep, in all things, vvitlnn the pale of our constitutional !
poweis, and cherish the Fedeial Union as the only rock of
safety ; tlu'sc, fellow-citizens, aic the laudmaiks by which
wo aio to guide ourselves iu ail our pioceethngs."
Jefferson's Fourth. Jinnual Message.
"Whether the pieat niteicsts of agriculture, manufac-
tures, commerce, or navigation can, wit inn the pale of your
constitutional power*., be aided in any of their relations ; in
fine, whether anything can be done to advance the gcm-ial
good, are questions within the limit* of yom lunction, which
will necessarily occupy your attention."
Jefferson's Sixth Annual Message.
"■ Shall wo suppress the import, and give that advantage
to foreign over domestic manufactures. On a few aitieles
of more"general and m-ces^aiy u?.e,the suppression, in due
season, will doubtless be tight; but the great raa« of the
articles on winch import is paid are foreign luxuries, pur-
chased by tiio.^e only who aie rich enough to atfoid them-
selves the u-sy of llieiu. Their patnotism would ceit.tm'y
piefer il~ eontmuiinne and application to the great purposes
ol the public education, roads, nveis, canals, and such other
object-* of public impinvein-mt as it may be tbouffhr proper
to add t<> the constitutional enumeration of Federal pow-
eis."
Madison's Second Annual Message.
k£ To a thriving ngriculiure, and the impiovenients rela-
ting to il, is added a highly inteiesauig exien&ion of useful
inaimlactuK1-, the combined product of p:ofes%ional occu-
pations and of household industry. How far it may be ex-
pedient to guaid the infancy of'this mipiovement m the
(ii^ti ibutiou ol labor by icgubitums* of the couitneiciul tariff,
is a subject which caunot fail to suggest it&elt to yout pat-
riotic leCI-'cfions.
Be-id'1-; the reasonableness of sa\ mg oar manufacture!^
ftoiu t-acnficss, which a change of ciicum-st.un ei> mmht '
btu!'  on them, the national mteic-t lequue- that, with re-
spect to Mielt .uncles at least as b< long to out detente and
oui prim uy wants, we should not be l<-ft in unnect^saiy
dependence dm evfernai ^upplie* And whilst foreign Gov-
ernments adhere to an cu-ting discummation in thou poits
ag.i'iisi our navig ition. and an equality oi ie-s-er ds-ei iini-
nation i- enjoyed by their navigation in oui poit^, the efiect
canno! be mi-taken, because it has been senously felt by
om shipping interests.
3Tuthson'a Seventh Jinnual Message.
<v Tn adjusting the duties on imports to the object of icv-
enu?\ the influence of the tariff on manufaetuies will ne-
ce-Mnly )>i ersent it?< If for conndeiation. it v. ill be an ad-
ditional lecommendation of parfn tiiai manufactures when
the inatciiais ibi them aie extensively diaun from our ag-
i icnltme, and consequently unpai i ami m,-ui« to that cieat
fund of national pro^punty and independence an encourage-
ment which cannot lad to be revraided."
Wnnroe's First Annnal Message.
kC Our manufactories will lequire the continued attention
of Congie--;. The capital employed m them ib considera-
ble, and tile knowledge returned in the niaclnnerv and fab-
ric of all the most u etui manufactures is oi gieai value.
Their pieseivation, winch depends on due eneouiag -meat,
is connected with the lugh interests of the nation."
Monroes Third Annual Message.
"It is deemed of great importance to give encourage-
ment to oui domestic mauuiaetutes. In what manner the
evils ad veiled to may be remedied, and how fat it rnav be
piacticable in other respects to afford to them fuitiief en-
couiatrcment, prung due regard to ail the other groat in-
terests ot tiie nation, i? submitted to the wisdom of Oon-
gie-.s.'''
Monroe's Fifth Annual Message.
'•It may fairly be presumed that, under the protection
given to domestic manufactutes by the existing laws, we
shall become, at no distant period, a manufacturing country
on an extensive scale. Possessing, as we do, the raw ma-
terials ui such vast amount, witli'a capacity to augment
them to an indefinite extent; raising wiihm the countiy
aliment of every kind to an amount far exceeding the de-
maud for home consumption, even in the most unfavorable
years, and to be obtained always at a veiymodeiate price;
skilled, also, as our people are,"in the mechanic arts, and m
every respoct calculated to lessen the demand for, and the
piice of, labor; it is manifest that their success in every
branch ot domestic industry may and will be carried, under
the encouragement given by the present duties, to an extent
to meet any demand which, under a fair competition, may
be made on it.
li It cannot be doubted that the more complete our inter-
nal resources, and the less dependent we are on foreign
Powers for evety national, as well as domestic purpose, the
greater and more stable will be the public lehcity. By the
inciease of domestic manufactures will the demand for the '
rude materials at home be increased ; and thus will the de-
pendence of the several parts of our Union on each other,
and the strength of the Union itself be proportionally aug-
mented."
Jarkson's First Annual Message.
" The general rule to be applied in graduating the duties
upon aitieles of foreign growth or manufacture is that
which will place our owji m fair competition with those of
other cowitnes, and the inducements to advance even a
step beyond this point are controlling in regard to those ar-
tictes which are of primary necessity in time of war.
"We must ever expect selfish legislation in other nations,
and are, therefore, compelled to adopt our own to their
legulations in the manner best calculated to avoid serioua
injury, and tohaimontze the conflicting interests of our agii-
culture,commerce, and manufactures."
Mr. Calhoun's vjews on the subject are not less
emphatic in favor of protection. I quote from his ^
speech in 1816:
"He dwelt on the great importance of the article, and the
expediency of encouraging itb production in our own coun-
try, and enforced paiticularly the necessity of encouiaging
all tnose aitieles at home for winch we now depended on
the West Indies "
" He believed the policy of the country required protec-
tion to our manufacturing establishments."
<v He had asscned that the subject before them was con-
nected with the security of the counts y. It would, doubt-
less, by fOme, be eonsidcicd a rash assertion; but he con-
ceived it to be susceptible of the clearest proof, and he
hoped, with due attention,to establish zt to the satisfaction
of the House."
" Neither agriculture, manufacture, nor commerce, taken
sepatatcly, is the cause of wealth ; it flows from the three
eomhmed, and cannot exist without each. Without com-
merce, industry would have no stimulus; withoutmanu-
factuies,it would be without the means of ptoduction ; and
without agriculture noithorof the others can subsist When
separated entirely and permanently, they perish."
In pursuance of these recommendations, Con-
gress has repeatedly enacted tariff laws, discrim-
inating in favor of American industry. All the
great manufacturing countries of the world have
done the same, excluding the foreign fabric from
competition with their own, on the principle of
self-defense, and that all Governments have within
themselves the elements of their own protection,
a principle which underlies their very organiza-
tions, and without which they could not maintain
an existence.
It is my purpose to show that this elementary
principle should, in a Government like ours, more
than in most others, develop itself in a settled pol-
icy in an American system to become as perma-
nent and enduring as our own leaden hills and
iron mountains. It is to this end I desire to con-
tribute my mite before the close of my congres-
sional duties. It is mypurpo.se to prove, what I
believe I can eleaily demonstrate, that protection
is not only the true policy of this Government,
but that it is the only policy under which burdens,
whether public or private, can be lessened.
In assuming this duty, I start with premises
which 1 challenge the advocates of free trade to
lefute. I shall sustain these premises and posi-
tions by facts and figures drawn from the past his-
tory of the country, and claim legitimate deduc-
tions tending directly to the support of the great
postulate I have just announced.
I maintain first, that a country whose exports
consist of manufactured products, is in a more
flourishing condition than one whose exports are
of the raw material. The relative position of this
country and Great Butain will test the truth of
this assertion. In 1857,the exports of manufac-
tured goods by the former was only §30,000,000",
whilst that of the latter amounted to the enorm-
ous sum of $000,000,000, embracing one hundred
and seventy-seven million yards of cotton goods
to this country, amounting to $13,000,000. Here
is $600,000,000 thrown by a single nation mto
foreign commerce; thrown there by a manufac-
turing people who are wise enough not. to ex-
port their raw material, but to work it up into
all imaginable shapes before they launch it upon
the mighty deep. This fact alone, startling as it
must be admitted, carries with it a still more start-
ling sequence, to wit: the manufactures of Great
Britain in a single year lequire twenty ships for
one required by us, to transport their manufac-
