THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGEESS,
PUBLISHED BY JOHN G. RIVES,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY
JANUARY 22, 1859.
New Series No. 32.
tured fabrics. It is true, beside our §30,000,000 of
manufactures exported, we sent abroad some three
hundred millions, but of raw materials and coin,
leaving us still with but half the exports of Great
Britain, and presenting the melancholy spectacle
of the nine tenths of that consisting of the raw
material taken to England for purposes of man-
ufacture and to he returned, and purchased by us;
we paying the cost of transportation both ways,
and the cost and profit of manufacture.
The nation whose exports of manufactured
fabric has grown to $600,000,000 per annum, has
increased its domestic commerce in the same ratio,
so that Great Britain's domestic commerce, so far
as manufactures aic concerned, would be say ten
times greater than ours. Her engine power is six
hundred million, equal, in a population of twenty-
one million, to thirty men to each inhabitant.
The immense machinery propelled by this power,
requires that species of raw material, such as ores,
&c.,that cannot profitably be imported, and calls
for the importation only of that class of raw ma-
terials, such as cotton and flour, which can enter
into profitable combination with other raw mate-
rials and their labor. It is this power of combi-
nation which England exhibits in her manufac-
turing system, the reduction of the crude or raw
material to the smallest bulk, which produces
such diversity of pursuits and employments, and
creates a domestic commerce in manufactures
greater than any other nation, and which enables
her to maintain a foreign commerce in the same,
greatly beyond that of the United States.
The second position which I assume in the ar-
gument is, that domesticcomntcrce produces and
maintains foreign commerce. England, France,
Belgium, Sweden, Denmark, and Noi thorn Ger-
many, have accumulated wealth and power from
their internal trade, which enables them to main-
tain an extensive foreign commcrce. So take
Massachusetts, a State proverbial for its sterility
of soil, is nevertheless amongst the wealthiest in
the Union. *Its domestic commerce has been im-
mensely large, and almost wholly attributable to
the manufacturing interest. One of her members
of Congress, some yearg ago, mentioned the fact
that that State had consumed, in a single year,
more flour in the item of paste—used foi stiffeu-
ing manufactured goods—than England had pur-
chased from us in any three given years—this
being under the operation of the protective policy.
Add to this the large amount consumed by the
operatives, and you have m the State of Massachu-
setts a maiket in one year, equal to England in
four. You have a domestic commerce, swelled
by the erection of manufacturing establishments,
the carrying of raw material to and fro, the pur-
chase of provision from the adjoining and western
States, paid for iu the vxehange of manufactured
goods, producing wealth, and, as a consequence,
ability to purchase such of the foreign fabric
as is not manufactured at home, as weli as luxu-
ries, the growth and production only of other
countries. Thus it is that the domestic commerce
of Massachusetts greatly contributes to swell the
foreign commcrce of the country under the pro-
tective policy; but now under the opposite 'and
most rufnous system of free trade, the shipping
inteiesti.s bioken down; the importations have
greatly fallen off, occasioned mainly by the ability
of the consumer to buy being greatly abridged;
and that abridgement the result of a destruction
of domestic commcrce—the only true source of
wealth of every nation.
The chief excellence of domestic commerce
consists in lclieving the producer of the tax of
transportation in giwng him a home market for,
and increasing the value of his products. If we
possess the raw mateiial in great abundance for
the manufacture of any one exxticle, such as for
example is the case with iron, we should not be
satisfied merely with the manufacture of what we
use ourselves, but should make a most vigorous
exertion to obtain the mastery of the world, and
become, as I believe we might be. the furnishing
nation for this great staple, instead of inviting its
importation from abroad, and pursuing the sui-
cidal policy of laying the British iron, which*is !
but an admixture of their pauper labor and their <
farmers' produce, directly alongside of the Ariter- j
ican barn-yard. Free trade as applied merely |
to an exchange of articles, the growth alone of I
the countries making the exchange, may do weM j
enough, but to extend it so far as to allow Eng- '
land to furnish us with iron, even though she ;
should contract to take in exchange wheat, would j
be fatal to our prosperity, and would be literally 1
" selling flour by the ton, and buying it back m
iron by the pound; and thus, exhausting and ;
impoverishing the soil to obtain the iron we con- |
sumed." i
Could the United States but secure to herself :
the domestic commerce, which iron alone is capa- !
ble of producing, it would not only enrich the ,
States, but would greatly swell our foreign com- ^
.merce. From 18*24 to 1834, the product of iron :
in the United States rose to\wo hundred thous- |
and tons, and the price of produce doubled. From 1
1834 to 1842, when without protection, there was
no increase of production, although an increase
of twenty-five percent, in the population. From !
1842 to 1848, the domestic production of iron ;
quadrupled, and the demand for cotton doubled. !
With protection the production of iron increased; ■'
without it the reverse was always the ease. With ,
protection, domestic and foreign commcrce always
flourish; withoutit they invariably languish, and
finally ruinously decline. Cotton has shared the i
fate of iron. Whenever protection exists file de- :
mand for cotton has increased, from which I am 1
prepared to argue that free trade throughout the
world would ruinously affect the manufacture and !'
consumption of cotton. Twenty years ago France
consumed two hundred thousand bales of cotton, ^
she now requires four hundred thousand. Ger- "
many then required one hundred thousand, now
four hundred thousand. Sweden, then >jix thou- |
sand bales, now she requires sixry thousand. ■■
These ar$ highly protective countries and show an
increase in their consumption of raw cotton m
twenty years of five hundred and fifty thousand
bales per annum. The additional demand of ;
Belgium, Denmark, Russia, Austria, and Spain, ']
will make about seven hundred and twenty-five f
thousand bales, as the quantity added to the con-
sumption in the protected countries ot Europe. In ,
our own country the addition in our home eon- ■
sumption for the six yea rr, following tin protective
act of 1842, was three hundred thousand beh's.
From this it is cvidentthatasprotcrtionjuereusi s, ,
the demand for cotton increases in a l:ke ratio.
Strike from the countries named, the protective '
policy and you lessen the demand in each, besueo '
you lessen the domestic commerce of each, and the
ability of the people of each to consume the man- |
ufac.tured mtiele. Inciease the home consuioj.- ;
tion, as was' the case under the tariff of Kl40, j
and you, of nec<. ssity, withdraw a portion of the |
crop f'iom the foirisn market, and iv-c.-ss.irjly
enhance the pi !c> of the residue. Tile les,-; cotton
the producer s^nds to the foreign market, the |
more money he remve^-. From lt.30 to ]bo;2,U)e
annual amoun: exported was about two hundred
and eighty million pon.uU', winch brought tin- stun .
of$2^jOOO,bU0. iu It-ID, tin* Miu.untcxponed vns ;
a billion and t\r< ntv-.nx million of pounds, for 1
winch but &6G,OOC,OuU we.e leahzed. Th^ fr.n ,
was during the existence of the hi^h t&\ iffof ISiS, -!
the last under the low tariff ofIblG. Under the 1
latter almost four times the amount oi i.oitr.n ,
brings but a litfle over double the rum r< ab/.'.'d |
from quarter the amount of cotton sold uiwi the
former tariff.
Tins cannot he attributed to the over produc-
tion of cotton, because the increase of population ,
has kept pace with" the increased production of
cotton. The cause is to be traced to the destrnc- I
tion of the domestic commerce of the country, by 'j
which the ability of-our people to buy has been, .j
if not wholly destroyed, greatly abridged. If !
this is not the cause, let the planter tell me why ,
it is he is now giving two pounds of cotton for !
one, for the same amount of money. Flour and |j
grain have been equally affecfed by the same |!
j cause. The war of 1812 created temporarily a
home markct^but that over, and protection dis-
continued, universal" ruin pervaded the Yarming
interests, prices of products having sunk so low
for want of a market that sales were seldom if*
ever made, and when made the producer realized
but little benefit from them. Under the tariff of
! 1824, the hom- demand increased greatly on a
greatly increased population, and the prices were
] uninfluenced by the foreign market. From 1828
• tol831.wheataveraged$l 72 per bushel, and flour
; 84 per barrel. From 1832 to 1835, flour aver-
' aged 72 per barrel. During this period the
country was prosperous almost beyond parallel
; in our history either before or since. I say this
; because between 1830 and 1834, while we imported
| $438,000,000, exceeding by fifty per cent, the av-
; crage for 1822 to, 1830, we contracted no debt, but
on the contrary paid off the whole debt of the
Revolution.
| The whole country had become a living hive,
and an internal commerce grew up which called
j into requisition the miner, manufacturer, meehan-
! ic, and farmer, giving all constant work at fairre-
i munerative prices. The importations were little
! over a bundled millions per annum, with a greatly
] increased domestic, commerce which -enabled us
, to pay, not only for our imports, but to liquidate
; the previous indebtedness of the nation. From
! 3837 to 1840, our importations were unstable; in
: 1837, $189,1)00,000; in 1838 down to §113,000,000;
in 1839 up to $162,000,000; and in 1840 down to
$107,000,000; amounting, however, in the-aggre-
, gate to fc,571,C0Q,0C0, which, with a domestic
1 commerce destroyed, was sufficient to drive the
whole country into bankruptcy and requiring the
passage of a bankrupt law. This same instabil-
1 ity masked the fiee trade period from 1817 to 1827.
Fiom 1843 to 1847, under the piotcctive act of
1812, the importations were uniform and regular.
In 1843, £108.000,000; in 1845, #117,000,000; in
I81.3-4G, *pl2i,000t000, with a domestic commerce
increased and increasing, and with a degree of
prosperity unexampled m the history of the na-
tion, except the pencil already referred to under
the tanff of 1828. From 1843 to 18-17, cotton and
wed'.-n manufactures doubled, and the domestic
pjoductnm of iron more than trebled. A Penn-
^yhninan, elevated to power by pledges to pre-
serve tho principles of the tariff of 1842 intact, in
an evil Lour stntck a fatal blow upon the hap-
piness and prosperity of his own poor but de-
\\ ted constituents, and, although in Pennsylvania
burn- d in utigy for the treachery, he has been
the recipient of favors ever since at the hands of
the so-called Democratic party, whilst tens of
thousands of his Democratic constituents have
been doomed to suffer all the privations which
poverty is ever sure to intail upon its victims.
In 1843-5!), our imports were $178,000,000; in
1854, <-300,000,000; in 1855, $260,000,000; in
3«57, $3(M*OUO,000; and in 1*58, $180,000',000—
the same instability and fluctuation winch existed
during every former free trade period. Here, in
fbur years, you have over eleven hundred millions
of importations, with a crippled domestic com-
merce—the legitimate fruits of a policy made to
subserve the interest of a single product, cotton,
; nd that, too, founded, as I have shown, upon-
an entbe mistake as to the supposed advantages
uccruing to that ctuplo through the policy of free
trad,;.
lly tht means of association and combination,
the physical p^wer of a nation maybe increased
to an extraoru,iwrv extent, as aheady shown in
the case of Great Britain, whose miners and en-
giiic mal'U".:, numbering about one hundred thou-
sand, with un ^ii^ine-power equal to six hundred
millions, thus multiplying the physical foice of
each mail six thousand turn*. iVnosylvania is
eminently calculated for ti is ;,c,s vision and com-
bination, having withm her !m>ts iron-ore, coal,
limes1 nnc, water-power, ^ .It, and lumber, beyond
that of any other seciimi of tho Union. But from
what source is the capital to come if you refuse
to the enterprising capitalist here protection
against the rnoiv-y combinations of Europe ? It
