1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
Michigan,55 and reported upon by the register and receiver
at Sank rttu. Mane, pursuant to said acr, shall be entitled
to Kicogmtion and confirmation in thcfeimc manner and
on the t-ame tenns as the claims of individuals tlioicin pro-
vided foi ; and upon the final appiovai of the said claim-', as
provided in the eighth section of the act afoiesaid, patents
shall be issued therefor.
This amendment substantially explains itself.
The law, h owever,as itstands, although itcovers !
all individual cases, is held not to cover cases oc-
curring at mission claims; and, in order that the
office here may adjust land titles, it is necessary
to pass this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee- on Printing
have requested me to report an amendment to the
pending bill, as an additional section. We offer
it upon the report of the Secretary of the Senate
and clerk of the House of Representatives, in re-
lation to the continuation of the compilation and
publication of the Ameiican State Papers. I send
the amendment to the Chair:
Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Cieik of the House of Representative:* aie hereby
dnected so to modify their contiact with Gale-* & Seaton,
for publishing the continuation ot the ^Atrieucan State Pa-
pets," made under authonty of the act ot the 12th of June, r
18o8, as to stipulate that they he allowed $10 50 a volume,
on condition that the said publir-hets shall defray all ex-
penses of selecting, compiling, and ariangmg the docu-
ments, accoiditig to the rate ot compensation pud lor the
same services m compiling and prepaitng the tiist sciie-;;
also, the expense ot binding the same, and the e\pen^e ot .
all lithogiaph* and wood engiavings ic'ipmed in «inv of the !
documents; al>o, the evperwo of prop'mnc; full and pmpe-r '
indexes for each volume, and gencial indexes foi each class |
and all other contingent or incidental expenses whatevci
attending said publication. And the said volumes r>hnll h<; \
delivered to the Sectetaiy of the Xntenoi as thc>ame ma\ be
completed : who >h;\lt place thiee hundied copies m the'De-
partuientoi State, <oi it- u-e and foi exchange with l'orcurn
Government**; and --even hundied cop;.>«; m hi-; owo L)o 1
partment. foi* di^tnliution to public libi.iuc-.in the several ,
States and Ternioi ifs ; and hola the ie>idue of the copies
in his eu-tody, ^ubjcct to the fuithei older of Congtes-.
And the Secretary of the Trea-Aiiy is hereby dnectul to pay
for the said woik, an the same may be deiiveied, out ot any
money in the Treu-uiy not oihei wi-e appropiiated, on tlio ,
certificate of the «aid Seciotary of the fnterioi : Pio^i led,
Thar not inore than .xJo.OOO shall be so paid, on account ot i
said publication, duung the cmient lineal year.
I believe this amendment explains itself. It
was before the Joint Commiteec on Printing of j
the two Houses, and reported unanimously. It is ■
the opinion of the committee that while it does j
not increase the aggregate expenses of those vol- ;
utnes, it saves Congress from repeated appltca- \
tions for additional compensation upon the par£
of clerks and others, who are now engaged in
the compilation. The publishers are obligated to
pay all expenses, relieving us from all liability.
Now, we are not. We are paying for the bind-
ing. We ore under obligations to pay the clerks:
under obligations to pay for any lithographing or
wood cuts. They take the whole thing; we get
a certainty for an uncertainty, and it will not
probably cost more than the law which was ori-
ginally passed.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to know how
much that will increase the cost? How much
will it increase the cost per volume, for the num-
ber of volumes to be delivered? What is us
cost ?
Mr. FITCH. The amendment itself states the
price, which is $10 50 per volume, all expenses
included. Now, it is estimated that we pay the
publishers very near seven dollars a volume, and
are obliged to pay for binding and all other con-
tingent expenses besides. This proposition will
relieve us from the uncertainty of cost; because,
under the present contract and present law, there
is no certainty as to what the cost will_be. In
order to relieve us from that uncertainty, wc pro-
pose to change the contract which will obligate
them to take ail the contingent expense off our
hands, and we shall pay them so much a volume.
Mr. HUNTER. How many volumes do we
take in the year?
Mr. FITCH. The old limitation in the "ori-
ginal law ispieserved as to the amount to be paid
this year, and the aggregate amount.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to know if that pro-
vision of the law extends beyond the work of
this year; if it is to go on as long as this work is
in progress, which, I suppose, will be for many
years ?
Mr. FITCH. In answer to the Senator from
Virginia, I will say that it does not change, as I
understand, the oi'i^inal contract in that respect.
Whatever the number of volumes they may de-
liver this year, they will only receive $25,000;
and they can only receive the aggregate sum of
§300,000. The limitation in the original law is
retained here. It is supposed they will deliver
two, or three, or four volumes per year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call the attention of the
Senator from Virginia to this amendment. I do
not think it will do at all. Observe the limitation.
The limitation is, " that no more than $25,000
shall he paid on account of said publication dur-
ing the said fiscal year." That is up to the 30th
of June-. There is no further limitation for the
year 1859; and if they put on an extra force, and
supply the whole of these volumes this year, we
will haye to pay over three hundred thousand
dollars for the whole of it during the current year,
but not during the current fiscal year.
Mr. HUNTER. Three hundred thousand dol-
lars for what will be furnished this year?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly, sir. They may
give the volumes as fast as they please under this
amendment, and they amount to $300,000. The
limitation is, that they shall not be paid more
than $25,000 during the current fiscal year. That
will stop on the 30 h of June. Now, if they can
get the volumes ready by September, the whole
$300,000 will be due; because that is after the cur-
rent fiscal year.
Mr. PITCH. When I read the provisoesof the
original law, the Senator from Louisiana will see
.that we have retained them in the amendment.
The lust proviso is:
( Provide*, That the prices or rate?: to ho paid for the
punting oi this woik shall not exceed thoso p.ud at present
l'oi the pnnting of the documents ot Congress, including
p.ipfi jiul binding, having n-gaid to the quality and value
of the ina.eint u-ed and wuik done • Ptoridrd, Thnt the
covtofthe publication -ha!! not exceed '>'3*10,1)00, and that
not more than .^2.3 000 shall be requued toi the purpose
duiuig the next ti-ual yeai '*
That is this year. We have retained those lim-
itations. We know from the best 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is right about
that; but does not the Senator see, in that bill,
that not more than $25,000 was to be required for
the next fiscal year, and then they were to come
to us again ? Now we provide that they can get
the whole of the money as fast as they deliver
the work, provided they do not exceed #25,000
during the current fiscal year, which will stop on
the 30th of June, and they will get the whole of
the money this year, undei this amendment.
Mr. FITCH. .1 do not know by what process
the Senator from Louisiana would release us from
the obligation of the contract. The contract was
made under this law, with this proviso, at d it is
perfectly immaterial whether they complete one,
three, four, or twenty volumes, if they could pos- i
sibly so crowd the work as to do that; the con-
tract binds us to pay them, so that the entire sum
does not exceed $325,000; but the idea, judging
from the past, of their being able to compile the
entire number of this work, or any number beyond
some four or five volumes, within one year, is
almost preposterous. They have completed, or
will have completed, perhaps, three or four vol-
umes at the end of this year. I believe two vol-
umes are now completed: and the Senator has
but a very poor id*ea of the labor necessary, when
he supposes that more than that number of the
volumes can ordinarily be compiled within one
year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not see the necessity ;
for changing our contract, it certainly will not
be changed by these parties who have made it
with us, if it is for our benefit. They will only
change it if it is for their benefit. That is per-
fectly certain. They will-not agree to its change 1
unless they are going to make something by it.
There are so many maneuvers covercd up under
printing arrangements, that I am afraid of them.
It is plain to me, on the face of this amendment,
that we may be called on to pay the $300,000 tins
year befoie the 1st of January. We are not in a.
condition to pay these heavy sums. Wc appro-
priate, by this amendment, the whole amount of
the contract at once, to be paid as fast as they
deliver the work. Now, sir, let us appropriate
for each year's work as it is done, and then we ,
shall know what we are doing. j
Mr. FITCH. There are, as the Senator from
Louisiana well says, sometimes something other ■
than what appears upon the face covered up un~ i
der these printing eoutiacts; but they are thus :
covered up in the original contract, not in this
modification; for, in the originalcontraet—if I cart
have the ear of the Senator, I desire him to hear
it—in the original contract, and under the ori-
ginal law, we ate liable for all the expenses of the
compilation of this work. The previous custom
was, and that custom has almost the force of law,
to pay the clerks double salaries whileengaged in
compiling, They are now about to apply to this
Congress for their compensation for compiling
these volumes. Wcarc now paying for the bind-
ing; and if, in the course of compilation, any kind
of embellishments become desirable, we are to
pay for them. There is, indeed, no certainty that
the whole work will not cost us, perhaps, two or
three dollars a volume more than we proposed to
pay.
As an original proposition, I should not have
voted for the publication of these papers, and did
not so vote; but we are now met with a contract
under a law which wc have passed, and the ques-
tion is whether that contract shall be so framed
that wo shall pay a certain sum, or left with the
liability upon our part to be called upon for any
additional amount and such additional amounts
as we know nothing whatever about. 1 leave the
matter, however, for the Senate. They can say
whether it is proper to proceed with the compi-
lation of the American State Papers under the
law under which the former contract has been
made. That law did not receive the sanction of
my vote, and would not have done it; but the
contract is made; we have gone into it; and the
only thing we can do is, to extricate ourselves
from it the best way we can.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is the clearest proposi-
tion to me on earth, that these parties will not
consent to change our contract, unless they gain
something by it. Wc have got a contract with
them, and they are not going to agree to changes
here, unless they have their benefit. If they can
make something out of it, they will agree to it;
if not, they will refuse it. The Senator from In-
diana tells us that we pay $,7 50 a volume, and
we now propose to pay $10 50: and he proposes
those additional three dollars to be given to con-
tractors for the purpose of covering all expenses
beyond their printing contract, and then, as an in-
ducement to agree to this, we are to be relieved
from importunities for double salaries. Well,
sir, let the clerks importune me for double sala-
ries; they will not get much satisfaction.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose an amendment, by
theinstruction of the Committee on the Judiciary,
to come in on page 9, after line one hundred and
| ninety-six, which I send to the Chair:
i For the alteiing. filling up, and furm*?hms, the former
i Senate Chamber tor the Supieme Couit. Willi the twelve
! room* lor the u<e ol the comt, its officer-, and (coords, and
! for the drainairo water and i!.v* pipe-*; and iorfntni™ up the
i former ssupieme Couit room for the law hbraiv of Const es«,
I which room-* aie hereby a->Msned for iiie^c puipot-es necord-
; ms to the plan picpaied under the dilection of the Supreme
; Couit, $'38,000
; Mr. President, a very brief statement will show
j the object of that amendmentj-and the necessity
| of it. When the Capitol was enlarged, it was al-
■ ways considered and understood? I believe uni-
' versallyi that, after it was completed, and wooc-
I cupied the wing, the former Senate Chamber was
J to be appropriated to the use of the Supreme
; Court. Under these circumstances, since our re-
S moval here, the matter has been brought to the
' attention of the court as to whatnccommodations
I they would require in connection with the Senate
i Chamber to be occupied by them. The plan was
1 accordiugly made out, which is admirably suited
; for the convenience of the Couit; but, in connec-
: tion with it, there was also suggested an idea,
: ansiugfrom the want of room in the present law
I library of Congress, that it was indispensably ne-
j cessary that another library should be provided.
! Therefore, in connection with this plan, as the
estimates were given, is the removal of the pres-
ent law library, which now contains fifteen thou-
sand volumes, and the library is over-crowded,
to the present Supreme Court room; which can
be so fitted up with shelves as to accommodate a
hbrary of nearly twenty-two t^usand volumes,
giving ample room to the library for many years
to come; and afterwards, the accommodation can
be extended by intetior arrangements.
This is the general idea, the rooms to be occu-
pied are not more than sufficient. The plan is a
specific one. rt was drawn up bv the superin-
