498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
is a fact not to be disguised that, in 1846, British
manufacturers did raise a large amount of money
and send it here to assist in breaking down the
tariff of 1842. Occupying the position of one of
an investigating committee as to the alleged cor-
ruption in passing the tariff of 1857, I am pre-
pared to say that, but for the fact that our duties
were limited to a particular tariff, testimony could
have been elicited of British interference in the
passage of the tariff of 1846, to an extent well cal-
- culated to awaken alarm for the safety and per-
petuity of American institutions. This interfer-
ence consists mainly in flooding the country with
free-trade documents, the employment of agents
to manufacture British or free-trade doctrines, to
establish papers, and aid, by the corrupt use of
money, the election, in Stale and national elec-
tions, of men pledged to favor the free trade va-
gary. American capitalists cannot guard against
this state of things, and therefore require per-
manent protection.
Again: it is notorious that the British iron-
masters,on more than one occasion, agreed to
reduce the price of iron to a ruinous point, and
there maintain it until the American establish-
ments should be broken down. The American
capitalist asks for permanent protection to guard
against the effect of these combinations. Under
the tariff of 1846, the revenue on iron increased
§415.240 per annum, which showed an increase
in the importation of British iron of about one
million and a half per annum in value. It is be-
lieved the amount greatly exceeds that sum—the
duty being ad valorem upon a fraudulent foreign
invoice. Iron worth fifty dollars per ton invoiced
at thirty, would cheat the Government six dol-
lars per ton. It is to remedy this, that spe-
cific duties, such as existed under the tariff of
1842, are demanded, and, as a corrective, abso-
lutely "required. In a single county in western
Pennsylvania—Clarion—under5 the auspices of
the tariff of 1842, there were some thirty furnaces
in successful operation, yielding an annual aver-
age of a thousand tons each, making, m the ag-
gregate, a product worth $1,000,000, the whole
of it made up of the labor of our own people, and
the agricultural products of the farmers of that and
the adjoining counties. The domestic commerce
created by the iron manufacture of this single
county was immense; the mining and hauling the
ore; the cutting and coaling the timber; mining
and hauling the coal; the purchase; and carrying
of provisions; and carrying the pig metal to mar-
ket in boats constructed in part for that purpose,
and afterwards used for carrying coal further
down the Ohio river. The metal is yet, to some
extent, raw material, requiring the application of
man, horse, and engine power to bring it into
castings, bar and sheet iron, and nails, again re-
quiring the consumption of agricultural products
and use of coal, thus stimulating a coniuietce be-
tween persons pui sum,a diffcient branches of bus-
iness in the .same community, leaving no balance
of trade against either, but constantly revolving
in the same orbit the exchanges which emieh the
whole.
The producer of pig iron pays the farmer thii ty
dollars for ilour; the farmer pays the identical
money to the foundery-mau for that indispensable
comfort, a stove; and this same money is returned
to the producer of pig iron, and again paid to the
identical farmer for his poik, who pays it in turn
for nails, the maker of which latter article returns
it to the producer of pig iron, for the raw material
furnished him. And now how stand* the accountJ
Thirty dollars has purchased sixty dollars of pio-
duce, has paid for sixty of manufactured iron, as
well as sixty of the law material; the money, m
the mean tune, performing no other office than
that of the standard of value for the articles ex-
changed, and capable of performing the same ro-
tary duty ad infinitum, Now, how is it wiili
cotton r Take a bale of four hundred pounds, say
worth thirty dollais; it is, m us raw state, put
upon a steamer and sent to a foreign port and sold
for cash to the cotton manufacturer, who pays it
to the British farmer for flour, and the latter pays
it to the British founder for a stove;thus sustain-
ing the domestic commerce of Great Britain, but
creating no dependency between thecotton planter
and those who get his money, as in the case of
American manufactures. In 1849, we exported
raw cotton to the value of $66,000,000; and upon
the supposition that its manufacture would in-
crease its value-four fold, we would have had an
addition to the wealth and business of the coun-
try of $198,000,000, which sum was given to the
British capitalist as a bounty"for purchasing raw
cotton, at rates lower than the planter would be
obliged to sell, if he'would but assist in the inau-
guration of a policy which would lead to the
manufacture of but half his crop in the United
States.
The power to regulate commerce is not, it is to
be remembered, confined to foreign commerce, but
is to be exercised so as to create and sustain the
domestic commerce of the country. It is high
time that the few cotton-growing States should
see that the domestic commerce of the northern
and some even of the southern States would be
greatly more injured by free trade, than the for-
mer possibly could be by a protective tariff.
Take the four great cotton-growing States, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi,
which, by the census of 1850, produced one mil-
lion eight hundred thousand bales of cotton, of four
hundred pounds each; to which add their wheat,
Indian corn,aud\wool, and it makes a product in
value of but $78,334,206; whilst the wheat, Indian
corn, and wool of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, 
and Illinois, amounted in value to about eighty-
six million dollars. The whole of this, or rather
the surplus beyond actual home consumption,
together with the oats, rye, beef, and pork of
these States, with proper protection to the iron-
interest, might be transformed into this great sta-
ple, leaving the sea-board market exclusively for
the other grain-growing States. Each home mar-
ket, as it springs into existence, betters the chances
for a rise in the value of agricultural products.
Supply can only keep pace with demand whilst
the latter is exclusively controlled by consump-
tion. The greater diversity of pursuit amongst a
people the better the market; and the nearer the
market to the product the greater the profit to the
producer. To lessen the weight and bulk of the
raw material as near the point of its production as
practicable,and thus lessen the transportation tax,
should be the governing policy of a nation as well
as an individual. The farmer who would take
his corn fifty miles to market, when, by feeding
it to hogs, he could lessen its bulk and increase
its value in the shape of pork, wouW be pvo-
rmunccd, if not insane, at least unwise. So a na-
tion which would send abroad $100,000,000 m
value of agricultural products in a raw state, in-
stead of diminishing its bulk and lessening Us
weight by converting it into iron or any other
staple in demand, would be guilty of great injus-
tice to its own operatives, and become justly ob-
noxious to the charge of having depleted its own
strength.
The country which furnishes its own supply of
manufactutes of all kinds, io invariably least in
need of money; and yet, strange to say, has,
generally speaking, the greatest supply of the
precious metal. Tins results from the fact that the
same money is constantly revolving, as a stand-
ard of value merely, sometimes paying for a hun-
dred products of different varieties, and again
returning to the source from which it emanated.
The same money goes to a foreign country for the
purchase of a foreign product, leaves ninety-nine
points untouched in the rotary cncuit of domestic
commerce;and ninety-nine additional foreign pro-
ducts purchased stops the rotary motion entirely,
as soon as the purchase of the foreign product ex-
ceeds the raw material exported to pay for it.
Again: the country which manufactures most
not only develops its own resources, but greatly
augments Us own wealth: the diilercnce between
the raw mateual and manufactured article being
sometimes four fold, contributing to swell the
aggregate wealth by pioducing, with those who
receive it, the ability to feed, clothe, and house
themselves in a ratio proportioned to the increased
wealth which this difference confers. The marble
has but little instrnisic value while in the quarry;
but after passing through the manipulations of the
artist, it iinds way into our hearths, mantels, and
monuments, and thus contributes to enrich the
intermediate handlers of the raw material, and
adds to tiie general wealth of the country.
Take, for example, the amount of coal in one
single locality in my colleague's [Mr. Ritchie]
district, to wit: that which passed, during the
last year, through the locks of the Monongahela
slack-water navigation, being twenty-five million
six hundred and ninety-six thousand six hundred
and sixty-nine bushels, upon which tolls were
paid amounting to $34,553 49. Here is a prod-
uct, valueless in the ground, costing half a mil-
lion to brings it to the surface, which sum is paid
to a highly industrious and meritorious class of
people—the colliers; from whose hands it passes
to the enterprising boatman, who employs his
hands and pilots to navigate his heavy-laden
craft to Cincinnati, Louisville, and New Orleans,
making an aggregate of value at the first-named
place of $2,000,000; which, of course, is increased
as it increases its distance to market. This, it is
to be remembered, is but one locality, the figures
of which are obtained because of the boats pass-
ing locks where they are registered. Other local-
ities yield in the same proportion; and, when uni-
ted, help to swell the commerce of the beautiful
Ohio river. And yet, sir, this is but an epitome
of the great coal trade of the Keystone State. To
this you may add the amount of coal consumed by
the manufacturing establishments of the county
of Alleghany—say one hundred—consuming on
an average one thousand five hundred bushels
per day, being four million and a half per month,,
and over fifty million per annum, worth, in the
domestic commerce of the country, $4,000,000;
j making the single item of coal in one county, per
annum, worth some five or six million dollars.
But this is but one ingredient m the great man-
ufacturing caldron which is perpetually throw-
ing out its wealth in the shape of manufactured
products. Here, at this point, (Pittsburg,) the
cotton of Alabama and Mississippi, the pig iion
of Ohio, Virginia, Kentucky, and Pennsylva-
nia, the lumber and sandstone of the Allegha-
ny, the copper ore of the Michigan region, and
wheat of the Far West, meet, to be converted into
a thousand shapes—into cotton cloth; bar, sheet,
and cast iron; nails, sash, boards, and plank;
glass and copper and Hour; engines and machin-
ery of every description; steamboats; munitions of
war; implements of husbandry; the most of the
flour consumed by the operatives: all tins carried
upon your railroads and rivers and seas, swelling
the tonnage upon them all, and greatly contubui-
ingto swell the foieign as well as domestic, com-
merce, of the country. But, sir, this is not all. The.
raw material which is concentrated at this point,
m addition to the immense amount df machinery
required, employs thousands of operatives, male
and female, to convert it into the articlesenumer-
ated; and to this is meanly to be attributed the
great population of the single county of Alleghe-
ny, which, by the census of 1850, numbered one
hundred nnd thitty-eightthousand souls—within
a ft action of half the white population of South
Carolina,which had only two hundred and eighty-
three thousand at that time.
Now, I maintain that this state of things de-
mands a settled policy to protect it against the
combinations of capital on the other side of the
water. It demands it of right, because it is the
great element of vigor which we possess; it is
where the strength of th;s mighty Samson lies,
and ought not, and cannot', be surrendered, unless
through treachery and desertion on the part of
those who ought to be its filends.
There is another interest to which I desire to
give a passing notice—the manufacture of salt. In
western Pennsylvania over a million bushels are
annually produced; on the Kanawha, in "Virgin-
ia, the same; m the Muskingum and Hocking
valley, one million eight hundred thousapd:and at
Syracuse, and other points in New York, over
three million bushels per annum. A single com-
pany in western Pennsylvania has invested over
three bundled thousand dollars in the manufac-
ture of this greatstaple; and, with a policy on the
part of the Government which would invite the
employment of additional capital, there is noth-
ing to prevent the United States from furnishing
its own supply, without being dependent,to any
extent, upon the foreign product.
The home market which these different classes
of consumers would afford to the agncultuusts of
our own country, now very considerable, would
be greatly increased. I have not before me ihe fig-
ures, but believe I am not far out of the way in
estimating that two thirds of the people of Alle-
gheny county are connected with, and dependent
upon, manufacturing, mining, and mechanical pur-
suits, leaving the surplus agricultural products of
the remaining third greatly deficient in furnishing
