1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tendent of the Capitol extension, in accordance
with the wishes and design of the court. I can
state to the Senate precisely what the accommo-
dation is, because it is right that they should
know it. The old cloak-room of the Senate, which
is nothing more than a passage way, together
with the corridor and passage from the wing
through the main building, are entirely devoted to
the court. Crossing that, there is a small strip or
a small 100m lying by the corridor which was
formerly part of the reception room. That is to
be the robins-room of the judges. Next to that
comes the Vice President's room, which is to be
the conference room of the court. Adjoining that
is the former Secretary's office, which is to be
converted into an audience room, where the judges
will receive any person whom it is necessary to
see during the sitting of the court. Adjoining
are the offices of the clerks of the Secretary of the
Senate, which are appropriated, first, to the clerk
of the Supreme Court, and the other to the dep-
uty clcrk of the Supreme Court. The former
Finance Committee room is appropriated, under
this amendment, to the marshal's room. The
small cloak-room, on the south side of the Senate
Chamber, is appropriated for the reporter's office.
Descending to the lower story, the present Su-
preme Court room is to be converted into a library
with iron shelves, and the same system as the
piesent general library of Congress, to be fated
up for the law library of Congress in the same
manner. When so fitted up, it will be fire proof,
and capable of containing nearly twenty-two thou-
sand volumes. The former conference room of
the Supreme Court is to be used as the judges'
study in connection with the library.
Mr. HUNTEH. Will the Senator inform me
who made the estimate?
Mr. BAYARD. It was made at the request of
the court by the superintendent of the Capitol
extension.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Meigs?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir; and, further, I will
state to the honorable Senator the remainder of
the detail. The first estimate was $50,000. Find-
ing that objections existed to that sum, I had a
Ions; conversation with the superintendent, and
made several suggestions to him in reference to
part of what, 1 considered ornamental work, and
the changes that might possibly be advisable, and
under those suggestions he has reduced the esti-
mate to $38,000 for the whole woik. It was ori-
ginally $50,000. All the changes can be accom-
plished for $38,000.
I will add further, that, in point of fact, the
Government will not incur one dollar of expense
in the future arising from this appropriation; be-
cause, if these accommodations are given, which
are useless to us for any other put pose, the Cap-
itol being sufficient for that purpose, the Supreme
Court will have its conference room in the Capi-
tol, and the arrangement is made under that view.
Under the present law, their conference room is
up town, as we call it, and we pay for it $:200 a
a month, or $2,401) a year, which is more than
the interest at even six per cent, of the money to
be expended fpr the put pose of these permanent
improvements. 1 think, therefore, it would be
wisdom to make the appropriation, and get rid of
the necessity of having this conference room,
which is entirely disconnected. Taking the whole
details—and I examined them with great accu-
racy— i think they are cut down to the lowest
point at which a proper improvement of the build-
ing for the accommodation of the court can be
•nade. If we nre willing to give to a coordinate
nrunch of the Government proper accommoda-
tions for the performance of their duties, as was
intended when the Capitol wasextended, I think
the Senate cannot hesitate to embody this as an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply wish to call at-
tention to one fact. Heie is a proposition to fit
up the old Senate Chamber, and the Supreme
court-room,and twelve additional rooms. Now,
I would like to know what use there can be for
twelve rooms m addition to those two, making
fourteen m all, for the Supreme Court?
Mr. BAYARD! I will give the answer to the
honorable Senator. The plans are in the com-
mittee-room. He could have seen them at any
time, if he had seen fit to do so; and I think he
would have been satisfied. They are called rooms,
and they are rooms stnetly speaking, but I have
endeavored to explain them; for instance: the re-
tiring room, so called, which was nothing more
than a passage-way, in which Senators used to
hang up their cloaks on the north side of the Sen-
ate Chamber, is for the judges. Then there is,
as I stated, a robing room, which is a small por-
tion of the old reception room which is left, from
the space taken off by the corridor in passing
through. It isvery small. Then comes the former
Vice President's room, which is to be the confer-
ence room of the court, and they abandon the old
conference room for which we now pay $2,400 a
year. Then there is an audience room, which is
a room adjoining, which formerly was occupied
by the Secretary of the Senate; it is a veu'y nar-
row room, though long enough. Then 1 men-
tioned the clerk's rooms. There is also a small
room, formerly the cloak room, on the south side,
appropriated to the reporter; and the old Finance
Committee room given to the marshal. All those
officers require rooms.
When you descend to the lower story you have
the judge's study in connection with the library,
which is their former conference room. You have
the Attorney General's office, formerly cut off in
part from the present Supreme Court. You have
the room now occupied by the clerk of the Su-
preme Court for the Attorney General. You have
the adjoining room to be occupied for what is
called the librarian's room^and i will explain that
as the Senator is so critical upon the plan. The%
explanation is this: the Supreme Court have a
duplicate of certain works that are used in the
law library, and which are not permitted to be
taken out by any person but the court. They are
reserved m order that the court may always have
access to books that are indispensable in the
course of their labors here. That library amounts
to some one thousand five hundred volumes. It
is now in the conference room up town. The law
librarian'aroom is to befitted up with iron shelves
for this library of the judges, capable of holding
three thousand four bundled volumes. After ex-
amining its capacity throughout, that is what it
would amount to. That constitutes another room.
Then next to that comes the present law library,
which it is proposed by the plan to convert into
a record room. This is essentially necessary, as
at present the Supreme Court have no room for the
deposit of the lecoids of the court. I had occa-
sion, a few days ago, to go into that court and in-
quire for records not four years old, and it took
four or five hours before they could be found, be-
cause, for the want of room for the proper posi-
tion of placing records, it was impossible to find
them without great labor. You must give them
proper accommodations for their records. The
idea is to fit up the record room in such a manner
that it shall be fire proof, and afford ample accom-
modations for the regular keeping, and for the
safe-keeping of the records of the highest couit
known to the laws of the land.
These constitute all the rooms. I have men-
tioned what they are for. I think none of them
unreasonable.. None of them are wanted forany
other purpose whatever. I am entirely satisfied,
from a minute examination of the estimates and
the reductions made, that the mode in which the
changes are to be made is economical to the Gov-
ernment, and not one dollar will be expended
more than is requisite for the purposes for which
we ought to make appropriations.
Mr. WILSON. I think, Mr. President, that
we had better not adopt this amendment this
year, and especially to the extent that is now pro-
posed. We may as well wait another year. It
may be that we may want to go back there our-
selves. For my own part, I will vote to go back
there to-night, and give the Supreme Court this
room; for, in my judgment,in no sense does this
Chamber equal the other, either for order, for
hearing, or speaking, or anything connected with
the legislation of the country. I do not see the
necessity of going into any additional expense in
order to fit up that loom, at present, for the Su-
preme Court. I think we had better wait another
year.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bi<rler, Brod-
erick, Clay, Clingman, Collamer, Douglas, Fitzpatriek,
Foot, Green, Gwm, Hamlin, Hammond, Ivcrson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Jones. Konnedv, Lane, Mailory,Pearce,Pugh,
Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, and Wade—28.
NAYS—Mes>rJ& Cameron. Chandler, Dixon, Durkce,
Fitch, Foster, Hale, Ilarian, Houston. Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Polk, Reid, Simmons, Slidell,Tiumbull,Ward,
Wilson, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr, BRODERICK. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance what the $103,000 are put
in this bill for ?
Mr. HUNTER. I find it in line one hundred
and twenty-seven, page 6.
Mr. BRODER1CK. I know where it is; but
I ask how is it to be expended ?
Mr. HUNTER. It speaks for itself. Ttreads:
" For surveying the public lands and private land claims
in California, including office expenses incident to the sur-
vey of claims, and to be disbursed at the rates prescribed
by law for the different kind?) of worK, and also including
ali the accounts for surveys of public lands and private land
claims m California, under contracts prior to 30th June,
1857, $103,000."
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, I move to
strike out $103,000 and insert $75,000. I will
state, for the information of the Senate, that the
Government has already expended over a million
dollars for surveying the public lands in Cali-
fornia, and I believe the Government has received
$6,000 from the sale of public lands. I should
like to know where the money has gone, and who
received it. While I hold a seat upon tJVis floor,
1 shall never encourage any legislation of that
kind. I think $75,000 is sufficient for the coming
year. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
has taken some trouble to investigate this mat-
ter, and I hope that he will state to the Senate
what he knows in regard to it.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the Senator
from California has already stated, substantially,
all I deem pertinent to the motion which he has
made. I find, however, by looking over the re-
ports of the surveyor general of California for
1837, and also for the present year, that the entire
number of acres surveyed in that State is some-
thing over twenty-four million; of which, during
the last year, there have been offered for sale, and
not withdrawn, about seven and a half million
acres. Of those seven and a half million acres
offered for sale, between five and six thousand
wore sold, yieldingaliftle overseven thousand dol-
lars. Last year, it will be remembered, there was
an estimate made for deficiencies for land surveys
for the year terminating the 30th of June, 1859, of
$220,000, which I, at the time, supposed to be
improper, and moved to strike out. Now, of this
$103,000 estimated in the present bill, about sixty
thousand dollars are foradditional deficiencies for
the year ending 30th of June, 1857, making the
entire deficiencies for that year, $280,000. The
appropriations for land surveys during that year,
in California, made by Congress, was just fifty
thousand dollars The woik executed under that
appropriation has amounted, m addition to the
appropriation, according to the estimates now
before us, to $280,000. 1 would be willing, I be-
lieve, to vote to give California all the twenty-
four million acres of land heretofore surveyed, if
she would prosecute her own surveys m the
future.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the provision in the bill:
" For purveying the public lands and pnvatc land claims
in California, including office expenses incident to the sur-
vey of claims, and to be di-inirs-ed at the rates prescubed
by''law lor the different kinds of woik, and also including
all tlie accounts tor stnveys of public kmd-s and private
land claims m California under contiaets ptior to the 3Jth
| June, 185V, $103,000."
, * Now, 'the Senator says, on looking at the esti-
j mates, that more than sixty thousand dollars of
| this is to pay for those contracts made prior to
j June 30, 1857. That leaves only a very small
| amount for the current expenses of the year. 1
■ have taken occasion, \ery recently, to inquire of
| the head of the Department upon this subject,
! and those estimates are as low as the public in-
terest will permit. Now, as to what was said by
the Senator in regard to the expenditures last
year, 1 agreed with him. I thought they were too
■ large; I voted against them; but here are liabili-
ties that the Government must fulfill; they cannot
| be escaped; we will have to pay them this year,
! or some time to come; and I do think that striking
! into appropriations thus blindly is a very dan-
gerous proceeding. I trust that, by my votes, I
• have shown a disposition to go as far as any Sen-
