1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
ator can go safely, in cutting down these expend-
itures; bat we ought to know, and know accu-
rately, what the effect is to be. I think that it
would be a very serious injury to the public ser-
vice, if this amount was reduced; and I hope it
will not be.
Mr. HARLAN. I read from page 132 of the
message and documents submitted to Congress
at the commencement of the present session:
"Since the deficiency estimate was submitted, on S^p
tember2.j, 1857. additional liabilities have been reported to
the sum of neatly sixty thousand dollars."
In the report of the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia for the previous year, after making a state-
ment of the entire deficiencies for the work exe-
cuted previous to the 30th of June, 1857, the sur-
veyor general states:
<l The work under the contracts entered into by mypre-
decessoi is now closed, with the exception of the return of
a few Pactional townships, of una!! amount, closing on
;some ranch surveys."
Now, from this, we would have supposed that
estimates had been made to cover the entire work
previously executed; and that, at the time, was
the undeistanding of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office; for he says, in his report,
on page 93:
"The surveying operations have been pushed forward
during the last year to a decree beyond the anticipation of
this office, the liabilities incurred by the late sntveyor gen-
eral on thai score having leached the indebtedness of" up
wards of two bundled and twenty thou-and dollars to the
United State-* deputy suiveyois, over and above the appio-
priations. These accounts lor survey*, under contracts with
the suiveyoi gem-nil, have been eeiufied by the lattei. and
could not be p;urt for the want of funds applicable to that
service. With a view to provide means as earlv as possible
to liquidate that indebtedness, I have, by your direction,
asceitnin <1 the amount, and i-ulnntted u dctic tency e&ti
mare* so that f-peedv appropnation may be obtained.
'• The Mimmary of the field operation v in California «mce
the commencement of the service, in 18.31, to the pie ent
time, consivN of eiyhtv-two thousand mile- of lineal surveys,
embracing an area of upwards ot uventv million acies, at the
aggregate expense of more than one million dollar*., of which
there were &mve)vd duruuj th« hut fiscal year, ending UJth
June, 1857, twenty thousand miles—equal to nine million
acres."
Now, from this it will seem that, not only the
surveyor general of California had made an esti-
mate of the entire amount necessary to cover all
the contracts previously given out, but that this
had been carefully professed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land O/Iice, and he had
made his estimates accordingly; but the reason
of this deficiency, I more than suspect, rose out
of the following fact, also stated by the surveyor
general of California:
" The amount of thp work embiaced in the contracts ex-
isting previou>lv to mv la-t repoit, as well as the few that
have been let since. was not. as a gonoial thins, limited, as
a more piudcnt eour:-e may probably have indicated."
The senior Senator from California, [Air.
Gwin,] during the last session of Congress, stated
that these contracts were not limited cither as to
amount or as to time of execution. Hence, this
$60,000 worth of woijc seems to have been ex-
ecuted since the last deficiency bill was passed by
Congress, and hence the present deficiency of
about $60,000, covering: contracts given previous
to the 30th of June, 1857. It seems to me every
dollar that is saved by cutting down this amount
of money is justly saved to the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. STUART. The facts that have been read
to the Senate by the Senator from Iowa, proved
conclusively what 1 stated, that the contracts have
been executed, and the Government owes the
money. I have no doubt that they were unwise
contracts. 1 have no doubt that that character of
contracts should never have been let; but they
have been let, and they have been executed, and
the Government is liable.
Mr. HARLAN. I would ask the Senator from
Michigan if these contracts were made in pursu-
ance of law ?
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I understood,
from the debates that went on in the Senate here
last night, that they were. If the surveyor gen-
eral made, contracts to survey land in California,
and the contracts have been complied with, this
Government is bound to pay the money. This
Government never did escape such a contract,
and never can. Why, sir, we have heard in Con-
gress, over and over again, where an officer had
cleat ly gone beyond his powei, and theie was no
question about it, the answer has always been:
the person who dealt with him is not to be held
for that. It always has been so, and always
ought to be.
Now, I do not think, from the discussion which
went on in the Senate at the last session, that
such was the fact; but, for the sake of the argu-
ment, I am willing to admit it. I say, for the
sake of the argument, I am willing to concede
that the surveyor general in California let con-
tracts for surveying lands which he had no right
under the law to let, or in a manner different, not
as limited as the law required. What says the
surveyor general of the land office about it ? The
honorable Senator from Iowa has just read the
language of the surveyor general, and he has
read the action of the Secretary of the Interior.
Do they hold that this Government is not bound
to pay? Not at all. No court would ever hold
it; no Congress would ever hold it. It merely
amounts to this: that you postpone the payment
of a liability when it ought to be met. If the o.f-
ficer has not executed his duty he ought to be re-
moved—that is all. If he has done an act which
made him and his men responsible, prosecute
him. Those are the remedies. But I say it is
not right to strike out the appropriation which, in
its language, is exactly and precisely according to
what the Senator has read, to meet those con-
tracts which were made prior to 1857, running
through these years for the surveys of the public
lands and private land claims. They are contracts
made and executed; fulfilled on the part of the
contractor; and yet it is said in the Senate, we
will not pay them. Sir, the longer they are post-
poned, the larger they will grow. The earlier
such a demand can be paid, the better; and it is
as essential, m point of economy, as is in point
of public honor. I hope that the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If claims of this character
have been paid by Congress, as the Senator from
Michigan says, I think it about time a stop was
put to if. Why, sir, I am astonished at the doc-
trine laid down here by the Senator from Michi-
gan. He talks about public honor. Public honor
requires you to sanction the illegal contracts of
your officers! Public honor requires no such
thing; and if it is the practice of this Govern-
ment, and is done every day, as the Senatoi from
Michigan tells us, to carry out the illegal contracts
of officers, and we have no remedy for it, 1 think
it is time we provided one.
He justifies here the entering: into a contract in
violation of law; and says, the Congress has noth-
ing to do but pay it, and that any court will so
decide. Why, sir, there is not a court in Chris-
tendom that will decide that your public agent
can bind you without authority of law. There
is no such rule of law between individuals, or be-
tween Governments, or the Government and an
individual. Government may come in as we often
do, and 1 am sorry to say too frequently we come
in here, when our public officers, from the highest
down to surveyors, make contracts without any
authority of law, involvmgexpense, and Congress
is quite ready to foot the bills; but I deny that
there is any legal, or moral, or equitable, obliga-
tion to carry out such contracts. If we have re-
ceived the benefit of the service and have accepted
it, if Congress has done anything to sanction the
illegal contract, then you may create an obliga-
tion; but not otherwise. The officers cannotdo it.
Reference is made here to the surveyor general
to show that he has approved it, The surveyor
general made these, contracts, and, it is now ad-
mitted, in violation of law; and yet we are told we
have nothing to do but to carry out that obliga-
tion. Why, sir, to what will this lead ? What
sort of morals shall we have in public officers
when such a doctrine is advocated here as right
and proper? If there be any ground upon which
we could make a provision to pay in a case like
this, it would have to be on some equitable con-
sideration, some appeal toCongiess that the offi-
cer acted under some misapprehension of this
clause, not expecting, perhaps, that the appropria-
tion exceeded the amount; but to avow the doc-
trine here that he may go on knowingly, reck-
lessly, willfully, m violation of law, and that is to
be sanctioned 6y Congress, is, to me, a most mon-
strous doctrine. I am for holding all public offi-
cers, from the highest to the lowest, to strict ac-
countability.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator had correctly
apprehended and stated my argument, it would
have been utterlyimpossible for him to have made
his own. I denied that there was any illegality
in the contracts. I denied that the Senator froak
Iowa, or the documents he had read, showed any.
The surveyor general's report, which he read
from first, was in regard to the acts of his prede-
cessor. He does not say that he made an illegal
contract, but he says that much of the expense is
due to want of proper limitation to the contracts.
1 aid not avow this doctrine which has so
shocked theSenator from Illinois, which he pleases
to characterize as so monstrous, that a public of-
ficer is to go on illegally, fraudulently, willfully,
and we are to indorse it. I never stated any such
doctrine. I simply stated this; if your public of-
ficer, in the exercise of his powertolet contracts in
California, had transcended the strict letter of the
law, the man with whom he made the contract
was not responsible for it, morally or equitably.
That is what I said; at the same time denying
that there was any evidence he had done anv
such thing. And I said, what was universally th'e
truth, that whenever such a case has arisen in
Congress we have not failed to indemnify the cit-
izen or the contractor, upon the ground that he
contracted with the Government of the United
States through its authorized agent in good faith;
and the Senator says it is monstrous to pay a
man under such circumstances; it is a monstrous
doctrine! He is shocked at it. Well, sir, I do
not see any occasion for such very greatsurprise.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STUART. Certainly; with great pleasure
Mr. HARLAN. I desire the Senator to state,
if he will, in what way the public interest would
suffer if Congress should cut down this appropri-
ation as proposed by the Senator from California?
In connection with that fact I will now read from
the report of the Secretary of the Interior:
"The quantity of land advertised, and not postponed,
during the fiscal year ending June 30,1858, for California,
was 7,460,594 acres."
On page 144,1 read from a statement of the en-
tire sales for the fiist half of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th June, 1858:
'• For California, six hundred and seventy five and seven
hundredths aetfis &nld. Amount received, ••5S13 81."
On pages 150 and 1.51,1 find that the aggregate
quantity of lands sold, and the amount received
for California, was five thousand four hundred
and fifty-four and ninety-three hundredths acres,
yielding the Government $6,818 71, showing the
aggregate sales to be buta tiifleover five thousand
acres, and the entire amount received a few dol-
lars under seven thousand. This is the total sum
of money received in California for all the lands
sold since California was admitted into the Union.
The surveys of the land cost, at the close of the
year ending June 30, 1857, more than a million
dollars. We appropriated at the last session a
deficiency of $920,000, and then the ordinary ap-
propriation, which, I think, was in the neighbor-
hood of a hundred thousand dollars; and here we
are called upon to appropriate $ 103,000 in addi-
tion, bringing the entire amount appropriated for
land surveys to the neighborhood o/ a million and
a half dollar-; and the total amount received for
lands sold in Califoi nia is but little over seven
thousand dollais. Now, I desire to know in what
way the public interest will suffer if we cut down
this last appropriation from $103,000 to §75,000?
Mr. STUART. Well, Mr. Piesident, I shall
be very happy to answer the honorable Senator
from lown; and I will ask him what difference
would it make if we had not sold an acre? If the
Government of the United States, by its officers
in California, engaged in the survey of the public
lands, has contiacted these liabilities, winch are
to be paid for, suppose we had never offered an
acre, and never received a cent: would it make
any difference about appropriating the amount in
paying the debt?
Mr. HARLAN. I will answer the Senator.
The total amount of liabilities for contracts* hith-
erto made, according to the showing here, is a
little less than sixty thousand dollars; so that the
proposed appropriation, if limited as suggested
by the Senator from California, will more than
meet the present liabilities.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely where the
honorable Senator is mistaken. That limitation
is to contracts-tnade, in the language of the amend-
ment, prior to the 30th of June, 1857, and not to
