1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
support to the former, and requiring, to my own
personal knowledge, the agricultural products of
the adjoining counties to supply the difference.
A few such counties in every State would con-
sume the surplus agricultural products of each,
and a home market wouldbe everywhere brought
to the door of the producer. If such were the
1 ease, in the event of wa* the country would be
independent, and capable of making a vigorous
fight. In peace our people would be prosperous
and happy, having at their command the com-
forts and enjoyments of civilization.
Association in close proximity with pursuits of
varied kinds, and inventive genius stimulated to
its utmost point, and with the results of that
genius brought into coi>stantand practical adapt-
ation to the wants and comforts of all, civilization
would expand, and the already onward march of
this great nation to the highest pinnacle of fame
would not only be accelerated, but permanently
secured.
A brief summary of the positions I have as-
sumed, and I have done.
1. That the nation which exports the manufac-
tured products instead of the raw material, attains
the greatest wealth and confers upon its citizens
the greatest independence.
2. That it is the tiue policy of every nation to
manufactme its law material as near the point
of its production as practicable.
3. That the manufacture of the raw material at
home maintains a sound currency, prevents fluc-
tuations, and averts bankruptcy. •
* 4. That domestic commerce is the true basis of
a country's prosperity, and that it is the basis
upon which foreign commerce must mainly de-
pend.
5. That domestic commerce is best promoted
by diversity of pursuits; by a division of labor
into as many paits as will furnish needful ex-
changes Tor the whole.
G. That where there is no domestic commerce,
as would be the case were the States purely agri-
cultural, instead of being independent we would
bccomc dependent upon foreigners for our sup-
plies of the necessary articles of comfort.
7. That it is necessary to extend the „aid of
Government to build up and maintain the domes-
tic commerce of the country.
8. Thai such power is delegated to Congress,
is constitutional, and has been exercised by our
most enlightened Presidents.
9. That under the exercise of this power, the
country ha*, prospered; whilst under the oppo-
site doctrine of free trade it has languished and
declined.
30. That it is our policy to manufacture at
homo, so that in time of war we may not be
placed at the mercy of a foreign countiv lor sup-
s of articles of necessity and comfort.
11. Thatm proportion as a country develops
its lcsoiuces, ami diversifies its pursuits, it m-
crcas«:s not only in wealth, bat advances in civ-
ilization.
Mr. THOMPSON. Mr. C!u.u>;Man, I sincerely
regret that gentlemen have been unwise enough
to commence the discussion of party platforms
on this floor. J think the gentleman from Maine
on one side, and the gentleman from Kentucky, on
the other, are both agreed m a radical error, but
deducing from it diiieieiu consequences. Both
substantially claim that the Republican party is
a party of one idea. with the single mission of
resisting the aggressions of the slave power; one
says its work ail lies yet before it, and therefore
it must remain true and steadfast to this central
idea: the other insists that its work is done, and
therefore it should disband. I deny the juct as
asserted by the gentleman from Maine. I deny
the injcrenct of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The Republican paity, as I understand it, has a
distinct !mp of domestic and foieign policy, em-
bracing al! the gi cat interests of the country, which
it pjonoses to carry forward—on finance, trade,
commerce, internal improvement, economy in the
Administration, as well as in respect to the gov-
ernment of our Territories, and upon which it in-
vites the cooperation of all patriotic and gooil
men, north and south, east and west, without ex-
pecting that all its adheients should concur to an
iota in every item of its catholic creed.
Sir, it id the glory of the Republican church,
and its strength also, that it admits of unity in
diversity; banded together in a common aim, and
yet various in the character of its civic equip-
ments; constructing no narrow*planks or plat-
forms, to operate as instruments of exclusion and
elements or disunion and distrust. I deny any
man's right to make a new platform for our party.
Such an attempt would be assumption, by whom-
soever undertaken. Tiie northern press has not
thought it wise or expedient to attempt it. Will
any man show me his commission from the sov-
ereign people to turn out any such piece of polit-
ical carpentry ? We stand upon what is before
the country, without addition or subtraction. For
myself, I trample all new platforms under my
feet. They answer in politics to the history of
creeds in the church; marks, often, of the nar-
rowness and bigotry of the hour, from which all
that is progressive isexcluded; fetters on the free
spirit of the age. I trust the path the Republican
party travels will be neither " too narrow for
friendship, nor too slippery for repose*," that it
does and will embrace a brotherhood sufficiently
liberal and enlightened to march in various uni-
forms, with different yet friendly banners to the
music of the Union and the Constitution. I see no
reason to repudiate any principle or expedient on
which I acted at the last session. That action
has been approved by the country; let us rest in
that. I have no right to speak for Maine; but
New York loves to strike hands with Kentucky
and North Carolina and Maryland, and any of
her sister republics, north or south, in the great
work of national purgation and reform.
We are not to be narrowed down and hedged
in to the single question of how we are to govern
the Territories, and what is the extent of con-
gressional power over them ? Nor is this the sole
test and touch-stone of Republicanism; for it is
only at this single point that, what is so much
insisted on, is of any practical application. Be-
side, that battle is alnudy fought in all latitudes
covered by the old compromise line, and of which
southern statesmen cannot, complain, inasmuch
as the compromise originally passed by their votes
j was repealed by them in 1854, to give the people
! an opportunity of acting their own pleasure on
j the subject of their domestic institutions; and
| which pleasure, long thwarted, has at length been
i signified, and this was all the South professed to
| desire. South of that line the question remains
i as if it had not been distiubed, except that the
| reopening of this subject m 1854, and its issues,
! has tended to make the sentiment very general at
! tho-North that no more slave States ought to
' come info the Union, although tins is not in-
| eluded in the Philadelphia platform, nor is it a
, test of Republicanism. Sull, should men of these
; sentiments colonize temtoiy south of that line,
: invited by this action of southern statesmen, who
• prefer their doings to that of members of Con-
i grcss, sworn to obey the Constitution; and should
I the re&uit turn out as m Kansas, while the Noith
I will be satisfied, those at the South who desired
■ other results may not have occasion greatly to
1 admire this wonder-working repeal of J854. So
conlidunt am [ of the expansibility and invmci-
, bihty of free-soil and free-labor principles, that I
' care nothing for ordinances, provisoes, or any
I otlrer congiessional and parchmented fencings.
I'rush them ali away, and yet liberty, like an oak
that grows stateliest in storms, will send out her
' grasping roots in the soil, and throw up her tow-
ering branches to the sky, mightier for her stern
| wrestling, affording shelter and shade to the na-
tions. Mere statutes cannot protect liberty; her
] vitality and vigor spring out of the strong hearts
> of the people. Statutes are only her expression,
! not her bulwark or defense.
' FormyseIf,i have no tenacity as to party names;
i I go for things—for the combination and unity of
■ all good and true men from all sections of the coun-
| try, after the example of this House at the last
J session, and of seveiul of our States at the xecent
elections, where, by such combination for a com-
i mon object, we succeeded, and where, without it,
: we should have been defeated infallibly, and shall
; lie again whenever such unity is repudiated and
abandoned. It is idle to talk of " allies "in this
. connection, because every man, acting in behalf
. of a great national object, is an ally of every other;
and yet, altogether, we are one. I think the gen-
i tleman from Kentucky unfairly charges on the
i Senator from New York the dictation of the views
of the gentleman from Maine. The Rochester
speech, as I understand it* proposes no political
interference by the General Government in the in-
stitutions of the southern States. It announces,
in principle, the antagonism of the two systems
of free and slave labor, but predicts a period in the,
future when thcpeople of those States will, of their
o wn accord, adopt the one and repudiate the other.
Here is his language:
" It remains to say on this point only one word to guard
against misapprehension. If these States me to again be-
come universally siaveholding, I do not pretend to say wjth
what violations of the Constitution that end shall be accom-
plished. On the other hand, while I do confidently believe
and hope that my country will yet become a land of uni-
versal freedom, I do not expect that it will be made so other-
wise than through the action of the several States coop
crating with the Federal Government, and all acting in
stuct conformity with their respective constitutions."
How absurd the misapprehension; how need-
less the alarm excitcd on^this subject.
I turn to other topics. A progressive people
will not sustain or long tolerate an unprogres-
sive Government. The law of development is
the principle of our national life, and this law
will have its operation in spite of all statutes
that would hinder, and all policies that would
thwart it. The course of all free Governments
provesthatthey have steadily progressed from the
lower to the higher, from the crude and immature
to the more complete, and have followed no course
successfully, and stood upon no policy any longer
than it was suited to the wants of the public and
gave full expression to its instincts and needs.
Measures which the age has outgrown fall away
from it, or are retained by constraint only to fet-
ter its movements and derange the action of its
forces. And no Power can hold on to a useless
and worn out policy without being cast off with
it; hence all national and governmental measures
are essentially empirical in the philosophical sense.
Politics has no eternal principles beyond which
the State cannot go; no stereotyped form of pro-
cedure which it is sacrilegious to pass. Democ-
racy has an advancing and changing life; it there-
fore constancy demands and creates new forms
of expression, instrumentalities of its higher cul-
ture. The wisdom of the past is admirable as a
guide, but no limitation upon the future; it may
light us to new paths, but cannot interdict them
to our footsteps.
The policy and measures of a people, in their
foreign and domestic relations, are distinguishable
from those principles upon which the Govern-
ment itself is based. The equality of man; the su-
preme power of the people; the derivative power
of the executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments; the responsibility of these to the public;
the sanctity of the Union and of the Constitution,
whose Federal links clasp us together, in every
letter aj]d line of it; these and the like are foun-
dation stones—immutable principles!!) which our
national life is rooted; but what shall be the pre-
cise shape of that vast machinery which the na-
tion wields, and through which it displays the
energy of its forces, and makes known its sover-
eign behests, is always a matter for counsel and
'deliberation, compromise, concession, guided by
the lights of the hour and the exigencies of the
occasion. This is the field for the wisdom of
statesmanship—the arena for the display of po-
litical science, which, in a progressive age, rests
necessarily not so much in principles as in meas-
ures, which the ever shifting interests of a na-
tion may demand should be modified or changed.
What m best for the nation, in its en cumstances ?
is the great problem for those who guide her coun-
sels, and woe to them if they mistake—for mis-
take here is crime. This is what Burke asserted
concerning measures of State, and in which he
has been so widely misunderstood.
And now, sir, let me say, that I propose to ex-
amine briefly some leading features in the policy
of the present Administration, in the measures it
advocates and sustains; and in the light of the
principles I have announced, t shall hold it re-
sponsible, with ample power and dominant ma-
jorities, not only for all the new evils it practices,
but for all the old abuses it tolerates. They are
its own by adoption, whenever and however they
originated.; for no party can escape the penalty of
public condemnation, tnat shelters itself beneath
precedents it has the power to alter, and skulks
behind the judicial fortresses which the practices
