500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
of a past age have erected. In that day the fetters
that now so gall, may have been wisely forged;
the cankers that now eo corrode, may have been
the symptoms of health. Every epoch must jus-
tify its measures to itself, for it can take nothing
from the past bmt by read option. And before
noticing one or two branches of foreign policy, I
propose to consider what is the character of our
domestic relations in—
1. The Indian department.
2. Our fiscal system.
3* Our bankrupt policy.
4. Our revenue and protective system.
5. Economy in our administrative departments.
No nation, except the British and French, for
a brief period, and the Spanish fora longer, have
had this problem, of dealing with the savage upon
their border, to work out; to manage and mold
the encounter of the urrtamed child of the forest
with' the semi-barbarous yrhite; shrewd, adven-
turous, daring, unscrupulous; weaving his gro-
tesque and centaurian civilization, half Christian,
half Indian, more as a garment than as a life.
The Frenchman, with the easy flexibility of his
nation, instead of meeting savage life with a rude
shock, insensibly melted and blended them to-
gether so that it was hardly possible to say what
was civilized, and what was barbarian. The
French emigrant, trader, and trapper, sat in the
wigwam with the same nonchalance as he trod the
the Boulevards, and smoked with the chieftain, Gl-
eamed his squaw, as if it was all a regular and
anticipated procedure 1 From the mouth of the
St. Latf rcnce to those of the Mississippi, through
the chain of the great lakes, and down the Father
of Waters, the trapper and Jesuit paddle peace-
fully with the Indian. The result of this policy,
with hardly an exception, was salutary, benign.
If it barbarized the Frenchman, it civilized the
savage and created in the contact, and by the half-
breeds of the union, a race in which the elements
of improvement seemed to reside. It gave to the
Indian a desire for property, and a taste tor agri-
cultural life. it was a peace policy. 13ut with the
English, whose measures we have adopted, and
the Spaniard, it was a war policy. It looked to
punishment, vengeance, extermination. It roused
m the Indian all his traditional propensities, and
stimulated all his passion for plunder and blood.
It denied his rights and his nationality; chcated
him of his lands, repelled his efforts at enlighten-
ment, treated him as a wild beast, and provoked
and maddened him to skulk round the cabin of the
pioneer, that in the scalping of a victim, the sword
of the white might exterminate or scatter a whole
tribe or nation t I have no time for particulars
with which the pages of our Indian policy is
crimsoned; but there they stand, all over its his-
tory.
We are called on now to vote a recompense
for depredations to individuals of different States,
which this policy has occasioned, and for wftrs
of reprisal and extermination. All along our bor-
ders life has been sacrificed, the midnight brand
applied, and property destroyed; to be followed
in turn by those sure and overwhelming disas-
ters of the Indian, which a civilized nation will
assuredly inflict upon him; and this same line of
procedure is maintained; collision and blood fol-
low contact everwhere. The war policy, the cut-
throat system, is the great engine we are now em-
ploying to civilize the Indian. What did Spain
reap from this policy/ for more than two hundred
years? The race she found was in a transition state
from ruder to bettor life". They had architecture,
painting, wraith,and other evidences, of progress.
Through Ontiid and South America they were
conquered and enslaved;, hut the element with
which we deal in these higher latitudes is of
rougher and toucher material. It disdains to take
on ihc yoke or wear the fetter, it will break,
but not bend. Its fiber has no element of plia-
bility, and refuses submission or toil. But we
have been often told—the evidence is around us
now,sounds in our ear, both in the Senate and
on this floor—that our Indian policy should be,
must be that of peace. Feed the Indian and not
fight him; fill his stomach with bread, and he
will have u no stomach" for the fray.
Our war policy, beside being the most unphil-
osophioal, barbarous, inhuman, and looking only
to the complete annihilation of the Indian tribes,
is the most expensive one that could be pursued !
One fourth the sum drawn out of our bankrupt
and borrowing Treasury to pay for Indian wars,
would, if expended in a peace policy, blunt the
edge of every knife, and bury in eternal amity
every tomahawk west of the Mississippi. Claims
for untold millions are now unadjusted for im-
promptu and spontaneous Indian wars; our fron-
tiers in Washington,Oregon, and Texas, are liable
to perpetual inroads and alarms; and yet the war
policy is persisted in. No comprehensive and pa-
cific scheme is announced or proposed in its place 1
It has but one sad> fearful end! Slaughter!
Slaughter ! Slaughter ! Is the political wisdom of
this great political nation foundered and wrecked
on this Indian problem ? Are jobs and contracts
and plunder for munitions of war to swallow, in |
their remorseless jaws, every principle of recti- j
tude, every sentiment of humanity, every politic j
and peaceful effort for the adjustment of tins crying I
evil, and our Administration to go through the I
mockery of feasting and frolicking with a few |
painted braves, who are annually brought here to j
see their great father, while at the same time the I
inexorable decree for the annihilation of their 1
tribes is being carried steadily forward, until, in '
a few years, no redskin will hunt buffalo on the |
prairies, and the last wigwam will be struck on
the shore of the Pacific?
2. Our fiscal system. What is that? It is called,
in the party catechism, the " Independent Treas-
wij." I call it a myth; a cheat; a double-distilled
humbug; the shadow of a shade. It originated in
an effort to dispense with banks in a commercial
age; in the charlatan enterprise of doing without
promises to pay; ofdiscardtng,in all governmental
affairs, the credit system; of receiving hard money
only; holding the hard money, and disbursing the
identical hard money. If this is notdone univer-
sally, nothing is done. It was predicted at the
time by the most eminent statesmen, then living,
that no such system could be carried out in a
country of such wide latitudes and far-reaching
interests, wheie payments were to be made thou-
sands of milt m from the place of principal collec-
tion, saving immense risk and expense to debtor
and creditoi; that paper exchanges and faith of
man in man, of the Government m its citizens, of
the citizen in the Government, could not be dis-
caided without great danger as well to the ma-
terial as moral interests of the nation. But the
swell of the popular surges that swept away the
bank of the United States were too high and head-
long to be resisted. The credit system was to be
broken down, so far as the Government could
bieak it; and it waseven vainly supposed that by
its accumulation of specie it could command and
control all the banks of the several States.
Well, sir, what might have been effected,'we
cannot tell. The expeiiment has never been tried.
The Treasury relies still, and must always rely
upon and use the ordinary exchanges of the coun-
try to make its payments. The system so much
desncd, and so loudly lauded evci since, has lost
all its substance; preserves the shell of appear-
ances, while its life and soul are not theie. It is
a sort of Democratic idol, without hnad, hands,
or feet; a black, square monster, banded, ribbed,
and riveted, at whose Mulax shrine the party bow
and worship; theDagon of Tammany Hall, where
it should be removed,as a perpetual memento, to
soothe the spirits of the gentle sachems, and cer-
tify them continually that nothing is impossible
in politics.
Sir, in the face of all this transparent humbug-
cry, the affairs of the Government are, and must
be, earned on by the use of a more sensible agenc y.
A fiscal system could be adopted, suited to the
wants of the age, harmonious with the great com-
mercial relations and interests, amidst winch it
must have its play, and aiding, not impeding, that
system in the States, that have now so limited
and fortified their systems of banking, that they
are as safe as the ingenuity of man can make
them.
This independent Treasury is only a flag of
hostility, a declaration of war by the u-oveniment
upon ail piomises to pay. It demands the pay
without the promises, ai|d dcal^with its citizens
upon the pimciple that every man is a knave.
Sir, the's promise to pay" has effected the most
stupendous changes in the history of modern civ-
ilization; it is written on the forefront of all those
movements that create new empires on this con-
tinent; it blazes on the door posts of the settler's
cabin; it lifts its wand and " Lof the desert and
solitary place are glad;" the lowing of the cattle
is heard on the hill-side, and the corn waves in
our valleys; it fells forests, builds churches,
schools, and dwellings; sends the plowshare
through the bosom of the virgin soil; spreads the
canvas of commerce on the ocean, and the net-
work of railways on the land; it stimulates
thought, enlarges intelligence, widens the explor-
ations of science, and gives to society its cement-
ing elements of brotherhood and faith; and, sir,
the people that use it, pay what they promise.
They are ennobled to fulfill; the rule is that of per-
formance, notwithstanding partial and local ab-
errations and the distrust which a miserly policy
creates. I am in favor of the promise to pay, and
I scorn and contemn that miserable subterfuge,
at once a hypocrisy and a blunder, that despises
credit while it is borrowing millions, and repud-
iates a policy at'one moment, and for party ends,
in which it constantly lives and moves and has
its being.
Here is the last bugle-note sounded over this
mythic remnant of an unprogressive barbarous
age: "The operations of the independent Treasury
system," says the Secretary of the Treasury,
" have been conducted, during the last fiscal year,
with the usual success; another year's experience
confirms the opinions I expressed in my former
annual report," &e. And in addition to all this,
our sagacious Secretary, who, in fiscal affairs,
has never yet been able to see to the end of the
next week before him, proposes that each State
should imitate this grotesque blunder and folly,
by getting up an iron chest of its own for the
hoarding of State revenues in imitation of the
General Government. Sir, we have all heard of
the man of the " Iron mask;" I think we have
found his brother, or the man of the " Iron
boxes."
3. Bankrupt law for corporations. But our pa-
ternal Government has not yet exhausted all the
riches of its wisdom, on this pet of the past. It
has been found that with all the accumulations it
could muster, it could not yet seriously interfere
with the fiscal affairs of our great commercial cen-
ters, like New Orleans, Chaileston, Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston; that it simply abstracted
and held so much specie, as if it was stricken
out of the country, but that the enormous influx
of gold from California and elsewhere rapidly
filled up the vacancy, and that no danger exists
that a relative specie basis will not be preserved.
The commercial system of the country laughs at
this monster and defies him. A new expedient
is therefore concocted. The President rssoits,
and his Secretary indorses it with a wide .show
of statistical argumentation, that the people n^d
protection against themselves; against their own
extravagance of borrowing, lending, and specu-
lation. That they are not to be trusted with these
dangerous fiscal instrumentalities,or permitted the
use of banks, except under the risk and penalty
of having them grasped by the strong hand of the
Federal Government, and wrenched away with
| all their values and resources, the moment any
i partial or general derangement in tiade affects
i them or their customers; for it is the customer of
] the bank, as I shall show, against whom this war
1 of power and empiricism is waged. The Presi-
' dent says in his first message:
'• Connies*, in my opinion, pos&osses the powpr to pa?s a
' iinifoim bankiupt law applicable to all bunking institutions
tin oagtiout the United ritato*, and I strongly iccoaimcnd us
, 0\eK'isc. Tins would nwkc U the irreversible organic Jaw
j ot each batik existence, that a MKpension of specie pay-
1 meats shall produce its civil death."
! The Secretary indorses and advocates it to
show that it is a darling and cherished measure.
It is again recommended in the message to this
Congress, although reported against by the Judi-
ciary Committee; and these measures advocated
by an Administration that believes Congress has
no power to charter a bank, (which 1 do not care
to dispute,) and modestly proposes to step ill and
place these creatures of the several States, and
.owned by private citizens of those States, having
no element of Federal interest about them, and
no item of Federal jurisdiction in them, under the
control of a Federal officeholder the moment they
suffer any of those derangements to which the
commercial and monetary interest of our citizens
are liable; so that any aberration is to be pun-
