1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1588
vote upon tins question now. Certainly we have
heard everything that can be said upon this sub-
ject. I think i am just about as stiingent as any-
body else in respect to these claims, and have
voted against as many of them; hut I cannot be
persuaded to vote ao;ainsta claim which the proper
Department recommends, and says is just and
proper and ought to be paid, and which a com-
mittee of th% other House, and the House itself,
have voted, upon the mere surmise that it is a
trumped-up claim. That is about the sum and
substance of ail the objection to this appropria-
tion. We have not heaid any testimony, we have
not heaid any authority, except the opinion of
those who oppose it. Under these circumstances,
I must vote for it, and I wish gentlemen would
permit us to vote and take up something else. I
have some amendments to offer which I desire to
have acted upon.
Mr. BUODERICK, I am not surprised at the
Senator voting for it, coming; as it does from the
Department; but, sir, I shall not vote for it.
["Question."] You will get the question time
enough. 1 state now that I believe the claims have
been trumped-up since we passed the appropria-
tion last year of $220,000; that is my belief. These
parties will not suffer by lotting their claims go
over until the next year. We can make an appro-
priation of $43,000 for the expenses of the coming
year; and if these claims are not trumped-up, and
it is ascertained that the claims are good, why, as
a matter of couise, Congress will make an appro-
priation next year. I do not think these parties
will suffer anything by the delay, and I think
Congress better able to judge than the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I was very much disposed to
to vote with the Senator fiom California; but 1
find that >GD,0U0 of this appr o; >ria.tion goes to the
payment of debts already contracted, and it seems
to me it wouid probably not be wise to reduce it;
but I hone we shall vote on the question.
Mr. G WIN. { will merely state, in re ply to the
charge that these are trumped-up claims, that
these very claims now presented came into the
last Congress after the appropriation bill.was re-
ported. The chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance knows till about it.
Mr. BRODER1CK called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMKULL. Mr. President, when I
was up before, 1 replied to what I understood to
be the assumption of the Senator from Michigan,
which, however, in a subsequent speech that he !
made, he seems to have modified very greatly, [
and placed upon an entirely diflerrtitground, ac- j
cording to my understanding of his remaiks. I i
did not undeitake to show that these contracts ;
wtre illegal; hut i will now state, in a very few '
words, for 1 do not wish to detain the Senate, ;
how 1 suppose the contracts to be illegal. .
We had this who!'* question up a year ago; and j
I should Iilce to know how the Senator from A hi- j
bama, who states that he opposes these claims j
geneially, can lecnncile a vote m favor of tins 1
proposition upon the principles he lays down.
Some years ago we made an appropriation, the i
precise amount 1 do not recollect—it is immaterial 1
—for carrying on the surveys in California. The ;
suiveyor general goes on and makes contracts]
greatly exceeding the amount. Over two hun- !
drcd thousand dollars were appropriated last year .
as a deficiency to pay for wok be had contracted ,
for beyond the amount appi opnated by Congress.
3s not that, ch-aily illegal? If Congress appro- ;
priates £100,000 for hind surveys m California,
and the suiveyor general in California charged ■
with the disbursements of that money, makfs ;
contracts amounting to half a million, will the ;
Senator from Alabama, or ihe Senator from Vir-
ginia, justify such action as that? is that legal?
Now, that is this cose. We appiopnated up-1
wards of two hundred thousand dollars at the last ;
Congress to bring up the deficiency. Surely the. ;
surveyor general had no authority to make sueh
contracts.
Now, something further is appropriated. It
appears there is a larger deficiency than we then
supposed. That is a branch of the argument that
I do not go into. 1 understood the Senator fiom
Michigan, in the first instance, to place the case
upon the broad, nak< d ground, that if an officer
chuiged witli thu disbursement ol a certain sum
of money for contracts, incurred a much larger
sum and obligation, we are bound in honor to
pay the amount. I recognize no such obligation
as that; and it would he a looseness of public morals
in regard to public officeis that ought to meet with
no sanction here, and therefore I met it upon that
ground. It seems to me that we should hesitate,
after the large amount we appropriated last year,
to make another appropriation under such cir-
cumstances. I will not detain the Senate.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia, on which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered. * -
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEA?5—Messrs. Bell, Bredmck, Cameron, Collamer,
Divon, Donhttle, Douglas, Duikeo, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, fcSewaid,
SlnehK Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Meat's. Allen. 13.lynul. Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Clie^nut, Ciav, Climrman, Fitch, Fitzpntrick, Green, Gvvm,
Hammond, liou-uon, Hunter, Jvcrson, Johnson of Aik-
an?-as Kennedy, Lane, Miisou, Peaicc, Polk, Reid, llice,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuait, Ward, and Yulee—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to olfur the following amend-
ment:
JJml he it further cnadeJ, That for the purpose of ascer-
taining file probable cost of ilia execution of the various
plan-, winch have been reported to Congress for the en-
laiyementof the public grounds sinlounding the Capitol,
the Commr-Moticr ot Public Buildings be, and lie hereby i*=,
(hrecte I to ascertain, as tar as possible by conference with
the ovvnei* of the pr vate property within the limits of the
bdid icpmicd plan-, the puce demanded theieior, and to
report the same, toother with hr^own estimate of tho value
thereof, to Con ie—. a-, rally as p'aeiicabte aftei the first
Monday oi Dee-ember next; arid further to f-ubnni, with the
paid report, Mich diiuv.n >of the ! aid plans a- thai! exhibit
cieailvtire -1ope>. iui.u;^, walk-, and roadways wiilirn
and aiouud the said "round-, u nil an estimate, in detail,
of the qiianuue- oi each do-cijption of the work involved
in tho exeeir.on of e.ieh of thu *aid piopo^ed plans, and
the probable co-t oi the >ame.
There is no likelihood that we shall pass a hill
in relation to the extension of the public grounds
at this cession. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, I know, have a plat exhibit-
ing the dliferent modes in which it is proposed to
extend the grounds now surrounding the Capitol;
but it is, 1 think, desirable to have something be-
yond that. 1 think it is very important that we
should acquire the information proposed to be
obtained by this amendment, and also to be fur-
nished with such plansaswii! exhibit the appear-
ance of the grounds, that we may judge under-
standingly when we come to purchase or determ-
ine upon this extension, how far we shall proceed
in extending these grounds; what the costs are
likely to be of different plans; and what the ap-
pearance presented when they are at ranged ac-
cuiding to the plans which will be laid befoie us.
As the amendment makes no appropuaiion, as it
cannot possibly cost any thins: but a small sum of
money, I hope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The objection to that amend-
ment to my mind, is this: if we direct a valuation
of the ground adjacent to the Capitol, we will, to
acei tain extent, be bound by that valuation. We
all know what it will be. Property within the
limits of the proposed boundary has already
commenced changing hands, and deeds are being
put upon the records, showing that prices that
are fabulous ate being paid for it, with the view
of compelling the Government, if they purchase
it, to pay this puce. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I gave the honorable Senator from Ala-
lyland my reasons for opposing it. I think the j
better plan is to let the amendment rest. We j
shall ha\e to pass a bill which will authorize the j
condemnation of all such lands as wc must hive, j
with a view of enlarging the public grounds; and j
when we take properly even under a condemna- I
tion, thore is no doubt a jmy in this city will
give the owners all that it is worth; but do not,
in advance, authorize a valuation to be had, and
a report made to Congress, for then it will be said
we aie bound by it.
Air. PEAR.CE. We shall not be bound by
anything reported to us, until wo have acfnpted
the plan; but, if these preparations are making, ,
and fraudulent valuations, with a view to extort
a larger price from us, we shall not escape such
contrivances by refusing to adopt this plan. If,
hmeafier, we shall choose any one of thedifTeient
plans presented, and we shall determine to co«r
demn the land, this very fraudulent valuation,
j which is now set up in preparation for the pur-
j pose of extorting from us, will then be available
j to more persons who try it. We shall escape
' nothing of that sort by refusing to institute this
plan; and, by instituting this plan, we shall be
able to act with our eyes open, and know what it
is going to do, and what it is going to cost us. I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. The only objection I have to
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Maryland is this: while I was chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings, they presented a
more modified plan than that Which has now been
adopted by the committee; and the Senate re-
jected, on discussion, and increased the plan for
the enlargement of the public grounds around the
Capitol. I made the attempt, for two years in
succession, through the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, and the surveyor connected with
him, and the architect, to endeavor to ascertain
the price of the property without any formal res-
olution; but it made no difference. They engaged
in the attempt to ascertain the price at which the
property was held by the owners, and what would
be asked for it. They could not even get the most
indefinite answer. All that was given was the
assessed value, unci an estimate of their own of
what they supposed to be a full valuation. The
owners were unwilling, and would not give, until
some act of Congress was passed which required
the purchase, any answers sufficiently definite to
approximate to the cost. 1 think it will be ut-
terly useless to pass the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. DURKEE. I offer the following amend-
ment, as an additional section to the bill:
And be il farther cnacictf, That whenever newly-cJec ed
Serntor^ shall be notified to attend an extra se< ron of the
j Semite when Congress th.ill Irot convene, and shall attend,
1 tliev thai! he allowed inileaijc in the same mamn'i as n now
allowed at the commencement of n regular session of Con-
gress, and mileage shall be allowed to tho«e newly-elected
Senator^ who attended the extra poshou called and held on
tilt; 4th day oi Match, 1857, and a sullieient of money
is hereby appropriated om of (ho Tien&ui y to pay the ^nne ,
but noihmg herein contained shall ne ho construed as to
allow constructive mileage in any case.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear that read
again.
Air. PUGH. I raise a question of older upon
the amendment. It is a pnvate claim.
Mr. HALE. There is so much talking that I
will not say anything on this amendment, but I
; should like to have it read.
! The Secretary read it.
1 The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair re-
gards it as a general provision, and as such, in
order.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment just read,
' offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, as 1 un-
derstand, is the one under consideration. I think
■ that wo owe it to ourselves that such an amend-
; ment is necessary; but it is legislation on an ap-
j propriation bill, and, with my views, I am nn-
| willing to alter the compensation law by forced
: legislation upon the House of Representatives,
j which they would not agree to formerly. The
Senate, in their hurry to poss the compensation
! bill, would not insert in it the same stipulations
; now sought to be enforced upon an appropi lation
1 bill. I attempted, when the oiiginul bill was
passed as to compensation, to make a provision
| of this kind: but it was not listened to. At the
; last session of Congress, when the time of the pay-
ment of compensation under the existing law was
! altered to the commencement of the session, I re-
1 sisted it, on the ground that I thought still that
was the time to modify the bill, so as to do justice
to the Senate and Senators who came and took
' their seats here when the House was not m ses-
sion ; but the Senate would noclisten to anything,
; the eagerness was so gieat, or some other cause,
| that the money which was for arrears, as it was
called, should be paid at once. I was told, "Oh,
' this can be corrected in a proper bill." W 11, the
bill has been offered, and I have never been able
to get it through; and now here is an attempt to
; force the House of Representatives, through the
appropnation bill, to make an alteration of the
1 law, which appears solely m favor of one body.
! I do not want to have a collision between the two
I Houses on that. I do not like forced legislation,
! though I am in favor of the punciplcs embodied
| in the amendment. I think it but just and right
i that, at all events, some compensation should be
