502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Still, if a revenue must be raised by imposts, on
what principle should it be levied and adjusted.
1. Imposts raise revenue by indirect taxation.
As a consequence,-tifJse who participate in the
benefits of Government should bear ks burden,
and these burdens should be so distributed that
the greatest numbers should pay, other things
being equal. This is the radical idea of a tax.
2. Imposts regulate trade and prevent extrava-
gant- affd enormous importations, especially of
luxuries, which drain our country of its specie,
in which alone our foreign debt is liquidated, and
generate habits of wastefulness and folly among
our people. Regard should be had, therefore, to
this result. Any duty, the slightest, has some ef-
fect on the balance of trade. No statesman wiil
lose sight of it in large levies; large importations
and small exportations will soon beggar a nation;
belter clothe the President and members of Con-
gress in negro cloth, than bow the neck of this
nation before the shrine of foreign luxury and
trade. It subjects us to a servitude of the most
humiliating character; it mortgages the energy
and enterprise of the country, to fill the pockets
of our foreign lords. ,
3. Imposts operate as a protection to homo in-
dustry in respect to the articles on which they
are levied, where articles of the same character
are produced at home. The free-trade school
claim that incidental protection even is an evil;
because, just to the extent of that protection is an
unjust''tax levied on the rest of the community.
But this assumes two very important items in the
account: 1. That increased home manufactories
Oo not create additional home markets. 2. That
the consumer of the article has only the same abil-
ity to pay the cost and tariff that he had before
such new manufactories were established. Itcan
be demonstrated, I think, Mint both of these as-
sumptions are unfounded; that new home mar-
kets are intnntly opened, and that the producer
of articles sold, and the consumer of articles
bought, is far better able to pay both original
cost and tariff, th^n he was before to pay only the
price without such market. It is entirely falla-
cious to look only to the amount ,to be paid with-
out counting upon the increased ability to pay.
Again: the free-trade school reject specific and
prefer ad valorem duties, i can divine no reason
ior tins but that the laiter are in fact rendered
less protective, in consequence of the wide lati-
tude for frauds which it opens. This specific du-
ties will greatly remedy. J am m favor of the
President's recommendation here, and will do
what i can to carry it out.
The example of Great Britain, find the enorm-
ous national wealth she has accumulated by c\
strict adherence to the protective policy, in virtue
of which she has become the workshop of the
world, import! n<r raw material and export ins: man-
ufactuied goods to the extent of #600,01)0,000 per
annum, is worth ten thousand theories and spec-
ulations on that fuhjoct, and demonstrates this
general truth in political economy: that a nation
that exports its raw material will grow poor;
while a nation that exports manufactures will
grow rich by nil the chiVerence of the industrial
forces and their values expended on the articles.
It is tiue of a neighborhood, State, or nation,
and is susceptible of easy demonstration, all Ace-
trade theories to the contrary notwithstanding.
England's free trade to-day, is simply that she
shall be fiee to crowd her manufactured articles
on our mat k''U\ and take wlnit'shc pleases of our
taw nmt"iicil tn return, and hard money for the
balance, as in the ease oftoUieeoand other articles,
subject to tariffs, beyond even the original cost
of the article to the pl,uu<'i. We pay Iter tnbuie
as really as if in a state of colonial subjection and
vas.vduge. What avails our political emancipa-
tion, our windy font th of July g lonlieaMoim, over
our escape from her power, if we lay the wealth
of car country, the bono and muscle of all our
industry and enterprise and capital, willing oiler-
ing on her commercial aitaisr Weil might the
patriotic spirit of Henry Clay chafe, like a cagcd
eagle, to see his great country reduced to such
humiliating conditions !
5. Moie rigid economy in the administrative
department of Government. I have already ad-
verted to this, and have no time for details, which
are at hand in every bureau of the Government.
Take some of our custom houses as a specimen.
I extract the following from Mr. Boyce's report
on free trade:
•Amount of revenue collected, and expenditures at certain
custom-houses, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857.
Location. 'efpendnures
collected. lures. overrevenue
Belfast, Maine $5,052 05 $6,012 87 $960 82
Waldoboro', Maine.... 1,368 02 7,347 14 6,179 12
Wfccas«cf, Maine  130 93 7,359 09 7,228 16
Burlington, Vermont.. 8,581 70 16.285 47 7,703 77
Barnstable,Mass....... 1,462 75 11,953 20 10.490 55
Sandu&ky, Ohio  567 84 4,372 66 .%8U4 82
Ellswoith, Maine  954 96 5.032 09 4,077 13
Portsmouth, N. II  5.530 54 10,984 49 5,453 95
Buffalo, New Yoik.... 10,140 53 16,896 5L 6,755 98
Owego, New York... 6,149 09 18,214 58 12,065 49
Newark, New Jersey.. 38-1 30 1,595 55 1,212 55
Pensacola, Plonda.... 478 73 3,012 62 2.533 89
Pertii Am boy, N. J.... 1,531 73 4,471 79 9.040 06
Astoria, Oregon  4,173 64 21.254 51 17,080 87
Maclnas, Maine  608 71 2,605 72 1,997 01
Plymouth, Mass  395 12 3,21« 04 2,820 92
Biidgeport, Conn.  805 44 1,766 24 960 80
Annapolis, Maryland.. 180 75 929 20 784 45
Peona, Illinois  210 20 363 GO 153 40
Sir, no country can live and flourish under such
a cruel, wasteful, suicidal, domestic policy. Cor-
ruption and venality are rotting down from the
surface into her vitals, and will soon exhibit un-
mistakable signs of the havoc they are making;
and yet the President is talking complacently of
buying Cuba at hundreds of millions, and extend-
ing; a protectorate—an armed, efficient protector-
ate—over Mexico and all the Gulf States, and
gentlemen here aie so inflated with this restless
spiritof manifest destiny, that they aie hardly to
be kept from spontaneous combustion. Young
America is become burglar and pirate, and is not
content to sit on the Rocky Mountains and wash
his feet in the Gulf of Mexico, but he must grasp
Cuba, to sweeten his sugar-tooth, and have cheap
sirup on his cakes! It is not the first time this
moral and-political insanity has seized us to steal
what we could not buy, and did not want, a\id
had no means to pay for. What can foreign na-
tions do but despise our bluster, and treat all
such gasconading as it deserves ? Gentlemen seem
to talk here about our expansion, as if we should
suffocate at once, unless we could kick up a row
with all creation ! Too poor to pay our expenses
in a time of profound peace, we are to organize
an expensive army and naval equipment to buy
or conquer new dominions. Where is the money
to come from? 1 will tell you what is expected;
from plunder of the conquered countries! Vain
expectation! They may be plunden d indeed, as
they now are; but it will be only the old system
of Roman pro-consular devastation, filling the
pockets of governors, and swelling the fortunes
of a licentious soldiery, debauched by such ser-
vices from their integriiy; but no stray copper
will ever, even by accident, reach the coders of
the Republic.
Sir, contiguous islands and States will fall into
us us surely as time rolls on. All the navies of
the civilized world cannot prevent it; but let them
ripen first with the fruits of self-government; let
their people dcsiie the benefit of our laws and in-
stitutions; let them be educated to take their
places as independent States in our Federal sys-
tem; let the American spirit breathe over, and
burn in them, and then t#iey will come, not as
rough fragments torn from the side of some de-
caying monarchy, or tossed m the wild uproar of
civil commotion, with no element of adhesiveness,
and no tendency to repose; but as new planets,
ordeily, harmonious, they will fall into then ap-
pointed spheres, and sweep round the central orb
that aUuicts them, part and parcel of a stupen-
dous system that moves among the nations, like
the sun m the heavens; glorious in the train his
influence commands, and enriched not so much
by his inherent grandeur, as in the multitudinous
splendors of surrounding constellations.
Air. 1MJELPS, of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to call the attention of the committee for
a few minutes to the bill which was pending in
the House to-day. I regard the biil as one of vital
importance to the people of Minnesota, and the
laud St ucy and Tciritones of the West; and as
such should demand more of the consideration of
this House than I fear it will receive. It is too
much the habit of Representatives on this floor
to underrate and overlook the growing importance
of the " Mighty West." They seem to regard
our public lands as the legitimate subject for pri-
vate speculation, forgetting that the present prod-
igal system of disposing of them indicates a nar-
row and selfish statesmanship, taxing posterity
with burdens grievous to be borne. Oblivious to
its fatal consequences, we have adopted a policy
by which we are squandering the patrimony of
the American citizen by inviting the wealth of
the country to absorb the fertile public lands of
the West, and thus compelling the poor, who
shall seek homes and independence in the new
States,'to pay tribute to the grinding exactions of
the wealthy landholder—making the rich richer
and the poor poorer, and speculating upon the
producing labor of the country.
It is true that the bill, in its present shape, is
"not just suph a one as I would desire. I would
have preferred to see the bill modified in some of
its provisions; and,had further amendments been
in order, I should have endeavored so to amend
it that the time allowed to the preemptor in which
to pay for his land should be extended from one
to two, three, or even five years. That modifi-
cation, it seems to me, would meet the wants of
the mass of those enterprising settlers who seek
to better their fortunes by emigrating to the West.
The bill, however, in the main, is correct, and
doesnot materially vary existing laws. It enacts-
them in a code, as it were, so that all may know
what the laws aie which govern the preemption
system, remedying some of its prominent practi-
cal defects.
The first provision, to which I have already al-
luded, and which 1 would desire to modify, is that
which requires the preemptor to pay for his land
within one year. This provision, however, con-
nected as it is with another,' subsequently added
by the amendment of the gentleman from .Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] makes the bill more sat-
islactory, because it will protect to the actual
settler the land yet unsold in our new States and
Territories.
The second section of the bill to which objec-
tion was made, is one which provides that the
lands reserved by the Government of the United
States on account of railroad grants shall also bo
subject to the preemption system. To this par-
ticular section, objection was made, for the reason
that it would enable speculators to occupy and
preempt the lands thus reserved by the Govern-
ment. This is the class of speculators we want
at the west; men who preempt, after a legal resi-
dence thereon, the public domain in limited quan-
tities. And 1 would like gentlemen who object
to this section to tell me jf u is not the policy, or
at least if it should not be the policy, of the Gov-
ernment that the lands of the United States should
all into the hands of actual settlers r In my opin-
on, the opposite policy has too long obtained in
this country. We have hitherto permitted large
tracts of our most valuable lands to lull into the
hands of speculators—into the hands of non-res-
idents—men who will not occupy or cultivate
them. Now, however, a contrary policy has been
inaugurated, and I hope will be carried into effect
by the acts of tins and ruhsequent Congresses,
a wise and' beneficent policy, extending and en-
larging the preemption system as far as it can
possibly be extended.
Permit me to contrast the private entry sys-
tem, by winch the greater portion of the lands
of the Government are now disposed of, with tho
preemption policy. When once land is subjected
to pmate entiy, there is then, no limit to the
amount which a single individual may enter. The
man who has his pockets filled with land war-
lants, may go to your local land office and locate
township after township. This infamous appro-
priation of the public land by one man is not the
only evil which flows from this system. This
system prevents these rich and fertile acres from
yielding of their abundance to supply the wants
and necessities of man. Broad miles of prairie
and woodland are a dead weight upon the pros-
perity and growth of the State. Tho speculator
appropriates, for a selfish aim and object, what
is the laborpr's heritage. Rut, sir, there are
other and more important objections to this pri-
vate entry system. Wherever a large tract of
land is thus held by a non-resident, it operates
as a pest-house to surrounding improvements.
What true father or citizen will settle for life near
where speculation has cursed the soil? He can
