1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
have no home that is worth the name. He is
isolated—shut in by this land-robber on the one
side,and that land,-robber on the other. He neither
lias, nor hopes to have, the benefit of common
schools, in which he may rear his children to in-
telligence and virtue. Th& music of the church
bell he may never expect to hear. He can have
no towns, or roads, or privileges, unless the
wants of the agriculturist, the wants of labor,
compel the emigrant to pay the price the specu-
lator may demand.
In the mean time that isolated settler grows old;
his children are sent forth uncultured, and de-
prived of the softening influences of education or
religion. This prodigal land robbery reaches
still further—the State'feels the blow, and instead
of being enrichcd by tha> non-resident landhold-
ers, suffers in the retarding of its development and
progress. I thank God" for one consequence
sometimes flowing fiom this land greediness. It
operates like the selfish wish of Midas, to whom
was granted the desire that all he touched might
turn into gold. His cupidity gratified, he starved
with heaps of the gold he so longed for all about
him. These men, having thus repelled settle-
ment by their unlawful avarice, find that their
lands do not advance in price as they hoped, and
they perhaps are compelled to sell at a loss.
AH this time the progress and the prosperity
of the State are kept back; settlement seeks less
favored localities; and while the speculators have
cursed the soil this Government has afforded
them the opportunity to curse, they have not pro-
moted their own prosperity. It is surrounding
settlement and improvement that mainly make
land valuable.
I have seen the fatal effects of the private entry
system, in the west, to such an extent that I can-
not refrain from calling the attention of the com-
mittee and the House to this subject. In the
States of Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, and Wis-
consin, to-day, laige tracts of the public lauds
are held by non-residents^ by men who have 110
interest in common with the people there; almost,
in certain localities, to the-exeiusion of tile set-
tlor; and ihe poor man who comes from the east
to seek a home in the west, is compelled, if his
ristht to preempt is not guarantied to him, to buy
that home of this class of men, at five, ten, fif-
teen, and even twenty dollars an acre, just as
they may choose to exact. From this cause, the
western States are now laboring under most se-
rious embarrassment. Tiiey have not progiessed
as they should have progressed. There aie com-
munities in the west in which you will find huge
tracts almost entirely uninhabited; not because
the soil is unfertile, nor because such tracts are
destitute of advantages, but because the speculator
has preceded the settler, as lie can precede him
when land is subject to private entry, with his
carpet-sack full of land warrants, and has taken
up all the fair portion of the country, and left the
settler who comes after him with his ox-teary and
canvas-covered wagon,containing his household
goods and gods, to make his home only on the
refuse land.
Mr. Chairman, there is, in my own State, a
very prominent and very maiked illustration of
this prodigal system. There is a belt of land be-
tween the St. Croix and the Mississippi liveis,
beautiful, rich, and fertile. It was early brought
into market, early subjected to the system of
private^ntry. The result was that it was located
by speculators; and now you may travel over it,
and you will find here and theie, aL the distance
of three or four miles, a straggling house, with-
out the convenience of schools or churches, or
any other conveniences while right across the
river, on the western bank of the Mississippi,
th<™ is land of precisely the same character,
which was settled uuder the preemption system;
there, sir, we have counties as populous as the
oldest-settled agneultuial counties in Illinois, or
Indiana, or \Vl&consm, and which were settled up
within the incredibly short space of three years.
The contrast of the two systems is so striking as
to impress the most casual observer. Ihe large
county of Mower, in our State—as fine an agn-
eultuial county as there is in the State — was
brought into market in 1S55, in advance of settle-
ment, and was mostly sold at private entry, and
has to-day scarcely five hundred inhabitants out-
side of the towns, while the adjoining counties
of the Slate, under the preemption system, are
populousand prosperous. Travel over this county,
and you will find but few and widely-scattered
houses, while in the other counties there are the
numerous habitations and homes of industrious
citizens.
It is to such stubborn facts as these, I wish to
bring the attention of the committee. In the
spring of 1855, I traveled through the central
portion of what is now the State of Minnesota,
and there was then scarcely a house in sight.
Occasionally you might have seen the canvas-
covered wagon of the settler, but there were no
tilled fields, nothing in the way of agricultural
improvement. In the fall of that same year, I
traveled over precisely the same tract of country.
It had grown up into a populous settlement. You
could travel for miles, and as far as the eye could
reach, you see homes and busy settlers. Would
this have been so, Mr. Chairman, if the specula-
tor could have gone on to these fair lands with
his land warrants ? No, sir; every acre of that
land would have been located.
The postponement of the land sales, ordered in
1855, saved Minnesota, and made her the pros-
perous State she is to-day. Three fourths of the
population and wealth of the State is on that por-
tion that was proclaimed for sale and subsequent-
' ly withdrawn by the President. The small por-
1 tion of the State sold at that tune, in 1855, then
the most populous, and really, the most desirable
land in the State, is now the least improved of
any portion then proposed to be sold. The cause
of this prosperity and progress was, because the |
preempter could enter only one hundred and sixty j
acres of land, and that for occupation and settle-
ment. The settler could go there happily confi- S
dent, that in a space of time unknown m other j
new States, he would have surrounding him all
the conveniences of civilized life. He knew he ^
must have neighbors who had like aims and pur- J
poses with himself. _ j
The contrast of the two systems is also strik- ,
ingly illustrated by the present condition of the '
northern part of Iowa, and southern part of Min-
nesota. Minnesota is fuither north than the State
of Iowa. Gentlemen may, perhaps, call it more
inhospitable. No one would seek Minnesota in
preference to Iowa, other things being equal. But
cross the imaginary line that divides Iowa and
Minnesota, and see the striking difference that ex-
ists between the prosperity mid progiess on either
; side of the State line. The lands in Iowa were
I subject to private entry, and were located by spoc-
. ulators; and you can travel for miles and not find_
| a place to get a mouthful to cat, or a drink of
j water; while on the other side of the line you find
■ fine farms and happy homes.
I The preemption policy has worked wonderfully
i well in Minnesota. It has enabled her to increase
i in population and prosperity more rapidly than
! any other State in the Union; and theiefore it is,
! that I believe that this policy should be the gen-
\ oral policy of the Government in its disposition
of the public lands. This bill proposes to carry
| out legitimately, fairly, and honestly, the provis-
1 ions of the preemption law. But it is said there
me frauds committed under that law. Well, 1
' will gfant that there are some frauds committed
under it. Still, the evil is not half so great to the
State or people, as to peimitlandto be located by
private entry, andjgkhave n all thus taken up by
non-resident speculators.
But, Mr. Cha.ii man, the law is not so defective
ge 
system. Is that the correct way to test the policy
I of the preemption law? It seems to me that it is
i not. It is to be tested by its principles, by its
. general working, and by the fruits it produces.
But, again, Mr. Chairman, this bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, is lramed
■ with a view to prevent and guard against the very
, evils of which gentlemen complain. It is said
that men go on the land, and after remaining on
it for perhaps a night, they preempt it. That may
, be true; but this bill requires that the settler shall
remain on the land for three months continuously
before he is entitled to preempt. In that respect
this is an improvement upon existing laws. I
: would say, sir, that I am informed that the on-
i gmal bill was prepared under the supervision of
the Commissioner of the G-eneial Land Office and
the Secretary of the Interior, both gentlemen of
practical experience, and in whose opinions and
judgment I have the greatest confidence.
I would call the attention of the committee to
the fact that we.at the West desire to build up
prosperous States. We believe that men, intelli-
gent and independent freeholders, constitute the
State. Men who till the land they own will never
abate one jot or tittle of that true independence
which will give importance to the State. Such men
and such States add to the strength and greatness
of the Republic. We cherish the principle of free
labor, and trust that the policy of the Govern-
ment will not compel those who are engaged in
forming empires at the West to pay tribute to
non-resident landholders. We have scope and
verge enough at the West for a few more States,
and it may be as well for gentlemen to remember
that God has ceased to make land, but has not
ceased to make men. Men are constantly multi-
plying on the face of the earth. We must there-
fore husband the land which we have left, so as
to provide homes for those who are to come
after us. #
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I am anxious
to give my support to this bill, and I would there-
fore like the gentleman to explain the effect of the
amendment that was offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] both on the
interests of the West and on the income of the
Treasury.
Mr. PEISLPS, of Minnesota. I will come to
thatvery shortly. ^This preemption system is not
so much for the good of the West as it is for the
good of the East. Whence comes the population
that swells our numbers ? Itcomcs from the East.
It is composed of those who find that the hive in
the East is over full, and who, full of hope, and
nspnnig to independence, seek new homes in the '
West. And it is as much the duty of ilie older
States to protect the lands of the West, as it is
ours. You are, in fact, more interested in them
than we are. You reap most of the advantages
from them, for you semi those there who build
up the States of the West. There is but little
more desirable land left. Why not reserve this
to reward the toil of the enterprising poor ? Those
now living at the West have lands enough. We
only desire to keep homes for those we have left
behind. It is not possible that those who know
of the fertile prairies and woodlands of Minne-
sota, will remain among the rocks of New Eng-
land, or cling to the barren and exhausted pine
plains and worn out hillsides of the Atlantic and
middle States. We do not wonder that some of
our eastern friends arc opposed to the preemption
policy and small farms, for it would take nearly
a township of such land as they have in their
States, to afford a comfortable living to a man
with a large family. But, in all seriousness and
candor, yon should help us to preserve the public
lands, because it is the patrimony of the East as
well as of the West. Wc desire that the land
shall not go into the hands of non-reside^its, be-
cause that would prevent the progress, develop-
ment, and growth of our State. You should not
desire it to go into their hands, because you there-
by deprive your children of the inheritance that
should bo theirs.
True, I am in favor of a homestead bill. I am in
favor of any bill that gives land to every man who
desires it. I am, sir, most heartily and devotedly
in favor of a homestead bill. I desire to see a
law passed that shall give to each head of a family,
after live years' residence thereon, free of cost,
one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands. It
is but a just reward to those hardy pioneers, who
boldly go to the western fi on tier and build up these
States, which proclaim the greatness and expan-
sive strength of our free institutions. Sir, it was
not the policy of the founders of this Government
to make a profit out of our lands; and, in these
later days, I tiust we shall not adopt that most
opposite policy of not only selling them, but af-
fording an opportunity by which the wealthy arc
enabled to speculate upon the necessities of the
poor. But, if we cannot get that, let us get the
next best thing. The preempter who gees out to
seek a home is willing to pay his ijl 25, or 50 an
acre (if the Government has piovided him with
a railioad) for the land on which he settles, and
the Government should cheerfully allow him to
have H on these teams. The extinguishment of
the Indian title to theue lands has only cost the
Government, on an average, eight and a half cents
