THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1859.
New Series No. 100.
equivalent to saying that they ought not to attend,
and that the business of the Senate of the United
States shall, at that extra session, be performed
by two classes, or two thirds of the Senate, in-
stead of the whole body. It seems to me, that if
a Senate is to be convened at all, in ought to be
a perfect Senate; an equal Senate; in which all
parts of the country are equally represented; and,
if so, it is but just that the newly-elected class
shall be paid their compensation. I hope, there-
fore, that the amendment will prevail; and, since
the question only arose after the passage of the
compensation bill at the Congress before the pres-
ent one, and only in regard to those Senators
newly elected, who appeared here at the com-
mencement of the present Congress, I hope they
may be allowed the benefit of the retrospective
action now proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question, the Chair will state again, is on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia to the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not know exactly what is
the proposition contained in the amendment, or
the amendment to the amendment; but I think I
do know what ought to be done. Itis a very del-
icate and unpleasant position for a gentleman to
be dealing with his pwn compensation when he
has it in his own power; but yet there is a pro-
priety and a justice that ought to be regarded by
those who are members of the Senate. As I un-
derstand it, the existing law provides that there
shall be paid only two mileages at each Congress;
and yet, as one third of the Senate goes out bien-
nially, it results that there come to the Senate
gentlemen who have never been here before who
are required to attend at an extra session, and
they come here from a distance, from hundreds
of miles, and thousands of miles. It is not equit-
able, it is not just, that we who are here, and
whose traveling expenses have been paid by our
mileage, should be placed upon an equality with
those gentlemen who are not here and who come
here to attend the special session. I do notknow
exactly what are the provisions of the amend-
ment, or the amendment to it; but I am very clear
what ought to be done. What ought to be done
is, to make a provision to pay the mileage of
Senators who have been summoned here to attend
an extra session of the Senate, and who are not
members of the Senate when that exigency arises;
and I would say to the honorable Senator from
Alabama, for whose opinions I have great re-
spect, that I cannot see how it makes the slightest
difference whether a gentleman, a member of the
Senate elect, having reason to believe that there
will be an extra session, comes here in advance,or
disables himself from attending by remaining at
home so that it ^impossible for the summons to
. reach him in time. When the provision was
made by law for paying a mileage, as it is called,
for traveling expenses to the members of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, we had the
old thirteen States on the Atlantic border, and
were within reach; but now wo have Senators
three and four thousand miles off; it will require
a month for the summons to reach them, and an-
other month for them to get here, and I do not
see how the business of the country can be car-
ried on with a full Senate, as the Constitution
contemplates, unless there is an undeistanding
that gentlemen at th it distance shall come here to
be present when the Senate is called, if it should
be called, and take the risk. It makes not the
slightest difference whether they ate summoned
to come hei e, or whether they come here without
a summons. Justice is that those gentlemen, who
are members of the Senate to convene on the 4th
of March, who are not members now, and who
come here to attend a special session, should be
paid their expenses. In that form I will* with
great pleasuic, vote for the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we can yote on this
question without all this talk about it. We
understand the question perfectly well; let us
take a vote. Everybody understands the simple
proposition of alteungthe law and giving new
100
members mileage or not doing it. I hope we
shatl take a vote. I believe nobody wants to hear
a single man in this body on such a question.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know whether the
Senate want to hear anybody or not; but I sup-
pose every member has the right to speak; and
though the Senator from Georgia, in this case,
may not think it necessary to make remarks, he
takes the liberty of doing so, when he chooses, ,
in other instances. 1 do not feel myselfbound by j
the opinion ofthe honorableSenatoras to whether ;
I think it proper to discuss any question that I
comes before the Senate. j
The Senator from Illinois has attacked the j
principle upon which I am opposing this amend- j
ment, not on the ground that it is.improper in '
itself; not on the ground that I would not vote j
for a bill of this sort; but on the ground that if we j
mean to remedy the evils of the compensation i
law, there are others which equally demand re- j
dress, and we should remedy them all. As the j
law now stands, in the hurry in which you chose i
to pass it and chose to alter it, a man may be
sworn in as a Senator, take his seat, and sit foe.
forty days, and he may die before the commence-
ment of the regular session, and he cannot get a
dollar of pay, although he dies only five days be-
fore the commencement of the session. That is j
the law you approved when it came before you I
as a separate measure. Although I asked the ;
Senate then to put a proper amendment on it, I
was not listened to. You changed the law at the
last session in order to provide for the payment,
m advance, at the commencement of the session
of what were called arrears, instead of leaving the
arrears to be paid at the end ofthe session. Still
the Senate would not listen to any amendment
of the joint resolution of the House, but left all
these evils and inequalities, which I admit exist,
unrepealed and unremedied.
Now we are asked, on a matter which relates
to this body alone, and the rights of the members
of this body alone, to introduce into an appropri-
ation bill legislation which is intended to be coerc-
ive on the House of Representatives to a certain
extent. It huzards an appropriation bill. You
do not leave free the action of the House when
you send to them, not in the shape of a distinct
bill which I am ready to vote for, putting Sena-
^rs in a proper position as regards their compel
sation, but you throw into a bill, winch involves
general appropriations for the Government, legis-
lation to alter existing laws for the benefit of your
own body. I believe that is an unwise system
I have resisted it in other cases. I did not vote
for the amendment to an appropriation bill abol-
ishing the franking privilege, because I thought
it an improper mode of legislation, though 1 was
in favor of the measure. 1 did not vote for the
amendment to an appropriation bill raising the
rate of postage, because I thought it an impioper
mode of legislation. I think you will find' that
the evil will grow on you every day that you per-
sist in this practice; but it becomes more improper
in the present case, because it is legislation for the
benefit of your own body; not of the individual
members here now, but of your own body, which
you are unwilling to trust to tin; coordinate branch
of the Legislature without imposing it on an ap-
propriation bill with which it has no natuial con-
nection. 1 am therefore opposed to it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suppose that no one here
wishes to listen to any more debate on this sub-
ject; but, as I am compelled, from a sense of duty,
to give what may be regaided as an ungracious
vote towards my associates here, I wish simply
,to say that, when we doubled our annual com-
pensation, we accepted the law, and we knew at
the time that we were liable to be called together.
The annual pay of ยง3,000, and the mileage to-
gether, make up our compensation. I think it
Targe enough; 1 believe the country thinks it iarge
enough; and, in my judgment, we ought not to
change it, and especially not in tlus mannei; and I
cannot conscientiously vote ior this proposition.
There is no inequality about the present arrange-
ment; no injustice about it; it will all come out
right. We have agreed that we shall have only;
two mileages for a Congress, and, I think, we-
had better adhere to the existing law. Many men,
in the country believe that we increased our pay-
more than we ought to have done. The news-
papers are filled with accounts that we are here
less than one hundred days this session, and re-
ceive $3,000 for it; and that we cut our sessions
short two months, because we are paid by the
year. We may pass this provision, but I believe
it will subject us to the criticism of the country,
and that that criticism will be just. 1 cannotcon-
ecientiously vote for it.
Mr. IVERSON. At the risk of offending ray
colleague and others, who are impatient for the
question, I must submit a few remarks, to the
Senate particularly, in reply to the Senator from
Virginia. The Senator from Virginia says we all
ought to be placed on the same equality. That
is just what I want. Now, let us look at the prac-
tical operation of the proposition: suppose the
proposition which has been offered by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin shall pass, which gives double
mileage, or mileage to a Senator who comes here
at an extra session of the Senate. The Senator
from California gets $6,500 mileage.
Mr. GWIN. That is $1,000 too much.
Mr IVERSON. Well, $5,500 mileage. He
comes hereon the 4th of March to attend an exec-
utive session, and gets $5,500 mileage,-under the _
amendment now proposed. Then he comes here
on the first Monday of December of the same
year, and gets $5,500 more. That is $11,000 of
mileage and $3,000 of compensation, making
$14,000 for that year. How much do I get? I
get my mileage for one session and my compen-
sation of $3,000. The Senator from California,
whose term does not expire, gets $5,500 for one
mileage and $3,000 compensation, making$8,500,
"while the other Senator from California gets his
$14,000. Is that equality? Is that the sort of
equality that the Senator from Virginia wants to
put members on? I do not understand that kind
of equality. What is equality is tp give each one
the same amount of mileage for one session, which
is now the law; give him the same compensation,
and pay his expenses, if he comes here to attend
an extra executive session. Then we are upon
an equality. If you refund to a new Senator who
comes hete the amount which it costs him to come
here and go back, and give him his mileage for
the regular session, you put him precisely on an
equality with every other Senator; he gets the
same mileage and the same compensation, no
more and no less.
The Senator from Massachusetts has very
properly remarked, that the people are looking
to this matter, and talking about it; and if we
go on in this way increasing the compensation
of members of Congress, you will hear the voice
ofthe people in tones that you cannot misunder-
stand, which you dare not disobey. I tell Senators
that the people are already aroused to the large
amount which our compensation draws from the
public Treasury. They say that you get forty
cents a mile fortravel, when it does not cost you
four cents; and you now propose to give to new
Senators this forty cents a mile twice a year, in-
stead of once a year. Why, sir, it is a monstrous
proposition; and I tell you, Senators who vote for
it, in my opinion, cannot meet the judgment of
their constituents. 1 ask for the yeas and liay^s
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I want to know by what stand-
ing committee this amendment has been moved,
i if by anv? [" None."]
Mr. GREEN. Never mind; let us vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not see the Senator
from Wisconsin, who offered this amendment;
but I understood from him that he did offer it
from a committee.
Mr. PUGH. It was not so stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin is here now, and can answer for himself.
Mr. DURItEE. I offered it from a commit-
tee.
