1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. PUGH. What committee?
Mr. DURKEE. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. I thought so—a very appropri-
ate committee for it to come from.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word on
this proposition, although it is so very late. I
understand it is a proposition to give the new
members of the Senate an extra mileage, that is
mileage for attending a called session of the Sen-
ate, at whatever time it may be convened, and
also, to give mileage to those who attended at the
extra session of March 4, 1857. I am opposed
to it entirely, and have been from the beginning.
1 think it is wrong in principle every way, and
that it would not be creditable to us to pass it, nor
creditable to those members to receive it, and I
will tell you why. This matter of mileage is not
predicated upon the expense of travel in any
shape or form. It is part of the compensation for
services during the Congress. I have been out,
and do not know but that all I am going to say
has been said before, butat any rate it will do no
harm to say it again.
Mr. SEWARD. It is all right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My economical notions,
I know, do not square with the very exact and
precise and nice opinions which the Senator
claims for himself about these days. I say dis-
tinctly that the mileage is not predicated on the
expense of travel. I receive nearly five hundred
dollars atf my mileage for traveling from my resi-
dence hero, and it does not cost me anything like
a fourth part of that sum. The mileage is under-
stood to be a part of the compensation. Why
should I, because I happen to come here to attend
an extra session, have that amount doubled?
There is no sense in it; there is no propriety in
it. We already receive pay enough", and the idea
that these gentlemen cannot afford, on the mile-
age they receive, to conic here twice, is certainly
altogether an error. The mileage that is paid for
once coming and returning will pay all the neces-
sary expenses of coming and returning three or
four times over, and that is perfectly well under-
stood and known to the country.
If we waita little while this matter will all come
around right, because, in the courao of our terms,
we all happen to come here to attend an extra
session; but 1 hope no member will preas a mat-
ter of this doscuptlon. T have expressed my
opinion against it in private before, and 1 now do
it in pubhc, and 1 shall certainly vote against it
if I have a chance to put my name on the recoid
among the yens and nays. 1 do not know what
the people will say about it; it does not make a
very great difference what they do say about it.
The thing is not right in itself', in my judgment,
and on that ground, if no other, we ought to vote
against it.
Mr. HALE. As my friend from Maine has
expressed himself so strongly about this propo-
sition, I want to say that I shall vote for this
amendment, because 1 think it eminently justand
highly proper.
Mr. GREEN. *Wh trh amendment?
Mr. HALE. The amendment giving the mile-
age to new Senator who attend an extra session.
Mr. GREEN. That is not the amendment be-
fore the Senate. The amendment of the Senator
from Georgia is before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I am against that. 1 am speak-
ing to the remarks of the Senator from Maine,
ami I am very sotry that he has given the sanc-
tion of his name to the idea that it would be in-
delicate or impioper for these gentlemen to re-
ceive this mileage. 1 think it would be neither
the one nor the other, but highly proper and em-
inently just; and permit me to say that 1 think
there was an unjust disci nnmation made by the
Senate against themselves when the compensa-
tion bill was passed, by which the Senate actually
put into the bill a provision by winch their pay
was made less than that of membet s of the House
of Representatives, because we knew, as a matter
of fact and law, that every four years we were
obliged to come here at an extra session, and it
was a piece of demagogism to allow our compen-
sation to be put down below that of the House.
We oughtnotto have done it then, and we ought
not to do it now; and we ought not to subject
these gentlemen to the expense of coming; here
from their homes without paying them. I hope
I have as keen sensibilities as men in general m
regard to mo'ney; but I confess I have never been
educated in the school which tells me that it is un-
just or indelicate for a man, like my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] who traveled last
March a year all the way from Michigan, and
paid his own bills, at the call of the Government,
and who had to go back at his own expense, to re-
ceive compensation for it now. I should not have
said this much had not remarks been made which
would^mpugn the delicacy and sensibility of these
gentlemen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to impugn
the delicacy of anybody, and it will be time
enough for the Senator from New Hampshire to
give me a lecture about that when anybody com-
plains with reference to the matter. I expressed
my opinion about it. I do not know that any one
of these gentlemen asks this; 1 presume they do
not; I take it for granted that they do not claim
it, or demand it in any shape or form. Whatin-
justice is done them? They travel from Michi-
gan, or Iowa, or any other State, and receive, say
$1,500, or more, for one travel; it is enough to pay
all their expenses for coming here and going back
at five sessions in the course of a year. If I re-
garded the mileage in the light of expenses for
travel coming and going, I would not vote for it.
I am willing to vote to carry out the suggestion
of the Senator from Georgia; I think they ought
to have their extra expenses, to make them equal
with the others, and I would take their own state-
ment of those expenses. That is sufficient. Lis
presumed gentlemen will do the thing rightly.
;| What is the injustice that is complained of as be-
ll ing done to those gentlemen? Take the strong
!! ease put by the Senatorfrom Georgia: why should
|i a Senator fi om California receive $5,500 because
|j he comes here at- an extra session? Is that just
;i towards the lest of us? It is a great object to
;! have a good many opportunities to travel to and
ij fro in tiie course of a year, under such circum-
ji stances. The truth of the matter is, it is all a
ii sham. I do not consider that there is anything
![ in the argument for it. Let us put it on the right
;j ground. If we vote merely to cany out the idea
J; of comity and good feeling, we had better con-
ij tribute ourselves, instead of putting it on a ground
i! that is utterly untenable.
The amendmcntof Mr. Iversojj to the amend-
' ment was rejected.
i Mr. IVERSON. I have another amendment
! to offer to the amendment of the Senator from
I Wisconsin. It is to add, as a pioviso:
! J*)ovuh-(l, That if niu-h Senators draw mileage at >r\jd
culled fcohion. they slud! riot be entitled to, or he allowed
to draw, imkagc at the next regular kchmom.
That will give them an opportunity of drawing
their mileage at the called session, and will ex-
j elude them from repeating it at the next regular
j session.
j Mr. CL1NGMAN. I hope that amendment
ii will be adopted. The idea is that we are to be
put on an equal footing. Every Senator who comes
heir for a full tcun ha^ to encounter this risk,
ij Eae.h one who serves six years can draw twelve
]; mileages. There area certain set of gentlemen
i who come in on the 4th of March. Lis said it
'' is haul on them that, they should not get another
■, mil* age. Another set will come in two years
,' hence, and so on; so that every Senator who sits
I here six years can, under the existing law, get
, twelve mileages; and though u seems hard on
: 1 one set now, it will be equally hard on ail others.
I, I am opposed, therefore, to changing the existing i
'j compensation,and wiil vote for the amendment of i
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. MASON. You cannot produce actual
equality in receipts amou^ all the members of the
!i body, unless you limit Senators to their actual
expenses, which nobody proposes; but there is
equality in the disadvantages under winch gentle-
men labor who come from a j^reat distance and
those who come from a shorter distance. I come
. from a very short distance; my mileage amounts
i, to vory little; it is hardly worth counting. There
are Senators on this floor who receive, as com-
pensation, in one year, more than 1 receive m
1 three; but I do not complain of it; I do not say
1 there is inequality in it in the slightest degree. I
, know that those gentlemen who come from a
i, great distance ought to receive more than 1 do, j
' who come from a short distance; and you cannot j
.! produce equality; but if this amendment prevails, j
■   as explained by the Senator who last spoke, the I
result will be, that those Senators who are not
elected to a new Congress will not come at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they will not do
their duty, and are not fit to be Senators.
Mr. MASON. The object of the Constitution
is to keep the Senate full. The country is enti-
tled to the counsels of those Senators; and, if the
amendment prevails, it will be an inducement to
Senators from a distance not to come. Now, I
should say, that, although I think I am as much
of an economist as most Senators here, the money
is nothing, compared with the attendance of Sen-
ators. I hope, therefore, this amendment will be
rejected. £
Mr. GREEN. One word only. The Senate
has just voted down the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, which proposed to give the
new Senators enough to pay their traveling ex-
penses. He now proposes to give them nothing
except an advance payment of mileage, which is
less than their traveling expenses. As the Sen-
ate rejected the other, I hope and believe they
will reject this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that this does
not cover the whole case. It only covers the
members coming in. This amendment applies
only to the future.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand that the
orignal amendment covers past cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Durkee's amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine, I shall pro-
pose, if this proviso of mine be adopted, to strike
out that portion of the original amendment which
gives back mileage to persons heretofore elected,
so as to let it act in futuro only.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the amendment to the amend-
ment and the original amendment are voted down,
1 shall then offer the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance, which I before stated to the Sen-
ate. It is to allow those Senators who come here
on the 4th of March, under the summons of the
President, to receive their mileage on thatday, or
any day during the called session; but that no
mileage shall be paid to them at the next annual
session of Congress. Our object is to let the law
remain as it is in regard to the mileage of mem-
bers, but to give the new Senators their option to
take the mileage now or next December.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdraw my proposition,
as the amendment of the Senator from Indiana
meets my views. lie can offer it by way of sub-
stitute for the original amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. My pioposition meets the
point presented, and, I venture to say, it is the
only one which will pass this Congress.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdraw my proviso.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin by substi-
tuting for it the following proposition, which is
agieed to by the Committee on Finance:
That, ftom and after the passage of this act, each raem-
be/ ot the Senate who ma> attend any extta or called *es>-
hoi'i of the Senate m the jeoes-s ot Congies-i, and who w?w
not a member ot either House ot Confess at ihe expnation
ol the Uon«ie>-s preceding such rxtpi or called session of
the Seiiitte, shall In; entitled to leeeivc his mileage at s.«ml
oxtia or called •-os-.ion of the Senate, instead ol the com-
mencement oi the K'fiUtcir 5>e^-ion of ron^ies^ succeeding
Mich extra or called se Mon ot the Senate: and that such
sum a-* may be nece.^arv to pay the milG«m« afor^aid, be,
and the same is hereby, appiopuated out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appiopi mted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amend mem, as amended, was adopted.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a report from a
committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general con-
sent, the Chair will receive the icport.
Mr. DAVIS. The committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on tho
bill (H. R. No. 667) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1660, have met, and, alter full and
free conference, have agieed to recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House lecede from their disagreement
to the Senate's fourth amendment and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: Strike
out, " including experiments on heavy ordnance
for that purpose," and insert at the end of said
amendment, " out of which $50,000 are to be used
for expeiiments bn heavy ordnance."
