15 88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
from Virginia would not propose to act in that
way. It is not according to Virginia magnifi-
cence; it is not according: to Virginia magnanim-
ity and grandeur. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. MASON. I only* want to say to thje Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that I had no part in the
world in building this extension of the Capitol;
I had no part in the arrangements; I approve of
nothing in it, of any kind and description, except
the apparent durability. If it shall last, it is all
I ask. All this gorgeous painting, and these
ceilings, as far as my taste is concerned, are en-
tirely discordant. I had no part or lot in them.
Now, it is asked that we shall appropriate money
to add furniture, or to purchase furniture, and my
objection is, that we do not want it. I certainly
do not want it. In the room of the committee of
which I am a member, we have the old furniture
brought from the old committee-room; it is in
good order; no part of it is broken; no part of it
is dilapidated; and 1 have no desire, in the present
condition of the Treasury, to make an appropri-
ation to add to it.
Now, in relation to what the Senator has al-
luded to, 1 said this, and I adhere to it: I want
nothing there but some plain pine shelves, that
shall be painted in order to preserve them, to put
books on. That is my idea of the proprieties of
life. Shabby splendor and mock gentility I con-
demn utterly, at home or abroad.
Mr MALLORY. The committee over which
I have the honor to preside is very much in want
of a few articles of furniture in the committee-
room, but I will not enumerate them here, lest I
might offend the .sensibilities of my friend from
Virginia. In removing out of the old committee-
room, which has since been turned over to the
Court of Claims, we did not remove articles which
were necessary to the committee. It is necessary
that we should have some to replace other aiti-
des. It will icquiie a small amount.
Mr. HUNTER. "Will my friend allow mo to
suggest that it will not do for each head of a com-
mittee to give an inventory of the furniture in his
room.
Mr. MALLORY. I am not going: to do it. I
have the floor, and if my friend from Virginia will
sit down and listen to me 1 shall get through very
soon. The furniture in these rooms is a mere
bagatelle. I presume the discretion of the chair-
men of the committees will be trusted in furnish-
ing their looms appropriately. My fiiertd from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] may slick to his pine j
shelves and may have them painted if he chooses, j
and if his room is supplied he will of course not
call for any furniture; but I say my committee- \
room wants a little—a few chairs, a desk, a book- !
case, &e. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to call |
the attention of the Senator to the person pointed i
out in this amendment to provide the furniture :
for the committee-rooms, it provides that u the \
supenntendent of the Capitol extension be di- i
iccted Ui make a survey, and ascertain what arti- >
cles of furniture will 1><  needed, with the mate- '
rials, designs, and dimensions of the same." It -
seems that the superintendent of the Capitol ex-
tension is to examine these rooms, make out a
general design, and then procure furniture with- ,
out regard to the committees, or any consultation
with them or their chairmen, or anybody else. If
the design is to furnish the committce-rooms in a
manner corresponding with the useless and waste-
ful extravagance of public money that has been
incurred in the building of these two wings of the
Capitol, I think it is time it ought to be looked
into.
It sftems to me that we had better commit this
matter to the care of the Secretary of the Senate
or the Sergeant-at-Arms, instead of the supenn-
tendent of the Capitol extension. Those officer, ■
under the direction of the committees, can pro-
cure what furniture the committees need in then-
rooms. If, as the Senator from Viiginia su^gc^ts,
some of the committees want pine tables and
pine shelves, let them have them. If other com- |
mi [tees want furniture of a little better grade, let ,
them huvt* it. But, according to the original
amendment, the superintendent is to make out a
geneial plan for the furmtuie; and it is to cairy
out the general intention and design of this build-
ing, without consulting the convenience and in-
terest of the committees, or their notions of econ-
omy or propriety. It seems to me, it is carrying
the thing a little too far.
If I know myself, I have no unkind feelings to-
wards the supenntendent of this building; but it
seems to me that Mr. Meigs has about-as many
jobs on hand as he can well attend to. He has
the aqueduct, on which you are expending mil-
lions; he has the Capitol, on which you are ex-
pending millions; then the public grounds-around
the Capitol are to be placed in his hands, on
which you have expended millions; and now not
even furniture can be procured for the committee-
rooms unless Mr. Meigs makes out a general
plan, without consulting the committees.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 am quite sure the gentleman
to whom the Senator refers does not desire to
undertake the duty imposed on him by this
amendment. I think it proper to state that 1 shall
make no objection, for one, to substituting Sfiny
other person whose name will satisfy the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I did not say
that the superintendent desired an accumulation
of more labor of a different character, and I do
not think I intimated that he was seeking this
appointment; but the amendment points him
out, and makes it his duty to do this. It seems
to me that an officer of this body, under the di-
rection of the committees, could select the descrip-
tion of furniture they want; and then you would
have your officer and the committees responsible.
I repeatagain, if members of the committees want
cheap and economical furniture to satisfy their
notionsof republican simplicity—which is becom-
ing rather an antiquated idea in this country—let
them have it; if others want furniture a little more
extravagant, letthem have it. I move to strike out
" the superintendent of the Capitol extension,"
and insert either the Secretary of the Sepate, or
the Sergeant-at-Arms, whichever will best suit the
temper of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Foot in
in the chair.) The Senator will state hn amend-
ment definitely, not in the alternative.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to
strike out " superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion," and insert "Secretary of the Senate."
The Secretary of the Senate, under the super-
vision of the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, can do things
properly, and the expenditure can be kept within
reasonable and pioper bounds.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is, un-
questionably, a unity in the original amendment;
and it has been presented, I presume, upon very
full consideration. I have, a veiy long speech to
make upon it; 1 know it must certainly admit of
a very extensive and extraordinary amount of
debate. [Laughter.] But the mind of every Sen-
ator, in all human probability, lms already been
made up. Therefoie, I content myself by sim-
ply asking that we take a vote in the first place
on the amendment to the amendment, and then
on the amendment itself; which, I hope, will
p revail.
Mr. MASON. I have no choice as to who
is to select the furniture; but 1 obseive that, m
the amendment, the appropriation is unlimited.
It may involve an expenditure of $100,000, or
$500,000. I want to limit it. I move to amend
it by saying that the amount shall not exceed
$10,000, of which 1 expect to ask for about ten
dollars, to put those shelves of which I spoke in :
my committee-room.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is pond- '
mg an amendment to the amendment. After that
shall be disposed of, the amendment of the Sen•
atoi from VuginiawiU be in order. !
| Mr.COLLAMER. I have nothing to say about
I the committee-rooms; but there is certainly one
I room which I think gentlemen will agree with me
I in saying should be furnished, not that I think !
' that any more is needed in this chamber, or, per- 1
! haps, m the committee-i ooms, but there is a room
designed as a ladies' room, over the reception |
] room, which, when finished, should be well fur- I
I nished. There are, also, the Vice President's
I room, and the President's room, which should be
\ well furnish'-d.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think the amendment offered
! by the Senator from Indiana, the chan man of the
' Committee on Public Buildings, is eminently
1 propel. 1 thought so wh^ti it was pirsented; but ,
, 1 have received fresh confirmation from the cut-i
I icisms of the Senator from Tennessee and the Sen-
ator from Virginia; and therefore I moist seriously
object to the proposition of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, which is to put the furnishing of these
rooms in the hands of somebody, who is to re-
ceive guidance from the chairmen of committees;
for, with such an exhibition of taste as they have
made, I really think they are not fit to decide upon
the furniture of rooms. One announces that he
had nothing to do with the building of the wings,
and he calls the decorations "gew-gaw." It may
be so to him; it may be that his taste has not been
sufficiently cultivated to determine the difference
between a high work of art and what he terms
" shabby gentility." That is his misfortune;and
it would be my fault if I selected him to furnish
a committee-room for me, with such an evidence
of taste as he has given. I should not do it. So
of the Senator from Tennessee, who finds nothing
but a wasteful extravagance in the construction
of the building, and a departure from republican
simplicity, because it is beautiful. Sir, the sov-
ereign people deserve as good a house as any man
who was ever born a monarch.
It was proper to select some one familiar with
the building to determine upon the plan of the
furniture; not that it ia to be painted like the wall;
I presume that is not designed; but it is to have
a certain elevation, a certain depth, a certain ap-
propriateness to every room in which it is to be-
placed. A design is to be made; and some one
acquainted with the makers of furniture, a jud«e
of material, and acquainted with the men who>
work it, who would know how to get bids, how
to obtain furniture of the best kind at the lowest
price, ought to be selected. Though some Sen-
ators may have provided from their committee-
rooms elsewhere, all the furniture they requite m
them heie, there are others who did not.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator alludes to me, 1
will say that 1 never ordered an article of furm-
ture since J have been a member of the Senate
for my committee-room but one, and I have beers
in the Senate twelve years.
Mr. DAVIS. When was that ?
Mr. MASON. That was a case to contain the
papers of the committee, and I limited the price
to filteen dollars In twelve years that is all the
furniture I have ever ordried.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I say this: the Senator's
room is a great deal better furnished than the one
of the Committee on Military Affairs, if he had
furniture which he could remove into it quite ap-
propriate to the one into which he was going.
The large shelves which stood in the old room of
the Committee on Mihtaiy'Affairs could not be
removed to take a place in the new room.
Mr. MASON. Nornune.
Mr. DAV IS. More furniture is wanted in that
room, and more furniture is wanted in many
rooms of the building, as I infer from the state-
ments of gentlemen who serve on the committees,
and §10,000 is not enough to answer the purpose.
The $10,000 will hut little more than adequately
furnish the retiring room, which mow stand's
naked, without a chair appiopriate to it, or a
lounge, or anything else which is in accordance
with it. If the Senator had not given his own
description, I should have supposed, he might
mean by shabby gentility, the few cane-bottomed
chairs standing in that room, which is lined with
beautiful and highly polished marble.
Mi. MASON. The Senator does me injustice.
I did not say " shabby gentility." I said ik shabby
splendor and mock gentility."
Mr. DAVIS. "Shabby splendor and mock
gentility!" All, except the splendor* 1 find in
tiie cane-bottomed chairs which now grace the
retiring room, is mock gentility to the Senator's
content! I would give furniture appropriate to
the room and appropriate to the Senate of the
United States. I would have some one who was fit
to select it, and I would not have a committee di-
recting him. I would have something which was
in accordance with the plan of the bui!dm<r The
committees are changing constantly. Who knows
whether he will be on any particular committee
next year? Why should u Senator who happens
to be chairman of a committee during this session
prescribe furniture for the room of that committee
heieafter3 He may cease to occupy, that position
at the close of the session. It is for the Senate
to decide what place he will occupy at the next
jsessio n.
The Secretary of the Senate, the Sergeant-at-
