506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
nationality, who comes to our common country,
and swears allegiance to our Constitution, I hail
and welcome as an accession to the wealth and
industry of the nation*, no matter what climate
has bleached or browned his cheek. I do not
stop to inquire if he speaks the Norse, Celtic,
or Teutonic tongue. Enough for me to know
that he is a man; and, though foreign born,
is attached to our institutions from choicc and
affection.
I sp^ak, Mr. Chairman, warmly in favor of this
measure of giving the public domain to the actual
occupant. I speak warmly for my own State and
people. In all my feelings and sentiments I am
thoroughly western, and particularly devoted to
the interests of Minnesota.
If defeated now, 1 console myself with the re-
flection that the time will come, and shortly too,
sir, when the opinion now advocated by mc will
be triumphant in this land; for I can not believe that
God rules this world alone by imperial ukases,
.Executive proclamations, or acts of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.l
Mr. AVERY obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM, who said: Before I
submit a motion that the committee do now rise,
I desire to make one remark on the subject which
has been debated for the last hour. I voted twice
against laying the bill referred to on the table,
and though not quite satisfied with the second sec-
tion, would have voted for its engrossment had it
not been for the amendment of the gentleman ftom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] which now consti-
tutes its sixth section. 1 am opposed to that
amendment, and therefore voted against the en-
grossment. I am in favor of the preemption sys-
tem 1 think it a wise policy. It goes a great way*,
though no further than is fair, towards affording
protection to.a large and valuable portion of actual
set-tiers. When, however, you piopose to extend
that system yet fuither, in this country where all
competition ought, as a general rule, to be free,
and not only give to them the right of preemp-
tion, but, for a period of ten years, prohibit ail the
other citizens of the United States, whose joint
property these public lands are, though themselves
actual settlers also, from entering into competition
for their purchase in the public market, you go
further, in my judgment, than justice, equality,
ami sound policy, permit. You may be generous,
but you are not just.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. 1 would*ask the
gentleman whether the provision he alludes to
does not allow land to be preempted at all times
during the ten yenis ?
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. Certainly;but that
does not meet the objection which 1 now urge
against the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS,«of Minnesota. I wouid enquire
of the gentleman still Huiher, whether he or his
constituents, or anybody who desnes to make
their homo on tin* public kinds, cannot go and
settle on one hundred and sixty acres and pre-
empt it3
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Again, certainly.
But tins amendment is a sentence of interdict
to the enjoyment of equality, as regards these
lands, except on condition, or under penalty, if
you please, of emigration. Sir, all the citizens
of this country cannot emigrate continually west-
waid,as empire takes its coiuse steadily in that
direction, and new Territories and States are or-
ganized . The amendment imposes a heavy bur-
den <kk1 an unjust restriction upoii the citizens
of the older States, and holds out a large bonus
to the Tm nones and now States—a bonus which
they d<-t not need, inasmuch as in this migratory
age, nnd anion" our moratory people, their pop-
ulation is swelling rapidly enough already. Giv-
ing to the pieeinntor the sole right to the public
lands lor ten years, to the exclusion of the rights
of ail others, even actual settlers not preemptors
because not com.ng within the provisions of the
preemption laws, it gives \irtually to him also a
credit for ten yeais upon the pi ice of his land; thus
cutting off, during that long period—almost a life-
time in this fast age—all revenue to the Govern-
ment from the public lands which shall not have
been surveyed ten years previous to the procla-
mation of sale. Sir, this is no lit time for such a
suspension. And to this consideration 1 might
add also that, the effect of this measure must be to
prohibit for ten years, except under the same re-
striction, the location of any ofthe yet outstand-
ing land warrants, amounting to some eleven mil-
lion acres.
I have yet another objection. The benefits of
this provision must inevitably inure to the rail-
road companies, to whom such profligate and ex-
orbitant grants of land have been made; and to
the individual speculators also, who have already
absorbed so many thousand acres of the puilcb
domain. Cut off from the public market, ail who
desire to buy, but who are not ready or willing
to emigrate, or, emigrating, cannot comply with
the preemption law, will be forced to purchase
from one or other of these classes. Thus this bill
becomes really an act for the benefit of railroad
corporations and speculators, at the expense of
all others except the preemptor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to inquire whether it interdicts
any other class than a new class of speculators
who, like the land-devouring locusts they follow,
have already settleti upon and eaten out the pros-
perity of the West? By his remarks he admits
that evil has been done to the West; and it is to
this evil, and to prevent, if possible,' its repeti-
tion, I call the attention of gentlemen.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Unquestionably it
does. It interdicts men who reside in the district
which I have the honor to represent—men who,
migrating to Ohio in early times, have accumu-
lated somewhat of a fortune, I grant, by the cul-
tivation of the soii—farmers whose sons are grow-
ing into manhood and their daughters into wo-
manhood around them. They arc the men, rather
than speculators, who buy land in the West for
the purpose of giving it to their sons and their
daughters when they shall have attained to ma-
jority. The result also, let me add, of the present
system, is the increase of population and prosper-
ity in the new States and Territories; because,
where once a parent has made a location of lands
for the benefit of lus elder son, for example, that
son, m course of time, migrates to and occupics
the lands so purchased, cultivates them, and causes
them to yield the fruits of the earth; and other
sons and neighbors and friends, all around, are,
in time, induced to follow. Thus there is an an-
nual drain from the older to the newer States and
Territories, of the better part of the population.
Now, to my knowledge, this constitutes a large
portion of those who, m the State of Ohio, (or at
least m that part of it which I represent,) are ac-
customed to purchase western lands
In view of this disability upon the other citi-
zens of this Union, for the benefitof a partof the
actual settlers, superadded to the already abundant
protection to such settlers by the right of preemp-
tion, as also because of the resulting benefit to
speculators, I felt myself obliged to vote against
tlm lull**
I have but alluded to the suspension of all reve-
nue ftom the public lands for ten years, import-
ant as that consideration is against the bill; and
indeed, should have said nothing upon this sub-
ject, but for the remarks of the gentleman fiom
Minnesota. 1 thought that since he had spoken
with some severity (I am sure meaning no offense)
of those who opposed this measure, it was but just
and proper that i, as one of that number, and espe-
cially as one who was born and yet lives within
wjiat a few years ago was the West, and is yet a
portion of what is still calfed " the great West,"
should put on record these reasons m vindication
of the vote which I gave, and to which I expect to
adhere. J now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. ATill-
! son bavins: taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
poret Mr, Stevenson reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had underconsideratton the Union generally, and
particularly the President's annual message, and
had come to no resolution tnereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENSON,
(at ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned tiil
to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 21, 1859.
Prayer by Re**. C. C. Meador.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
i ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 7th in-
stant, respecting the services of Joel Harris, of
Virginia, in the war of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, a list of clerks and employes of that De-
partment for the year 1858; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting a
digest of the statistics of manufactures according
to the returns of the seventh census, prepared un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Interior
in accordance with a provision in the first section
of an act of Congress approved June 12,1858, en-
titled "An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859;" which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
ACQUISITION OP 'CUBA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
I tiansnut herewith a report from the Secretaryof State,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate ot the 18tli instant,
requesting the President, if n£t incompatible with the public
interest, to " communicate to the Senate any and all coire-
spondence between the Government of the United States
and the Government ot herUathohc Majesty ielating to the
puichasc of the iMand of Cuba, which correspondence has
not been furni-hed to eiHier House of Congtess " From
this it appeals that no such coue&pondenee has taken place
which has not ah eatly been oomniuuicated to (Jongrc&s. In
my late annual uie&«ai e, i stated in letVtenee to the pur-
chase of Cuba, that " the pubheitv whieh has been given to
oui lonner negotiation!*on thisMibjeet, and the large appro-
piiduou winch may be required to effect the purpose, render
u expedient, betote union? another attempt to renew the
negotiation, that I *hould lay tiie whole subject befoie Con-
i still enteitam the jauiR opinion; deeming it
highly unpoiiant. if not indispensable to the Micee&s of any
negotiation wlneh [ might institute foi this, purpose, that the
measure should receive the previous sanction of Congiesa.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the message
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and ordere'd to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that the pay of the officers of
the Navy may be increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of P.
Ferguson and others, praying that land may be
granted to the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas, to aid in the construction of certain railroads;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of Frank-
lin Kellsoy, of Middletown, Connecticut, asking
an appropriation to enable him to build the model
of a steamboat on new principles, m order to test
the value of his invention; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Charles town, Massachusetts, praying that
the pay of the officers of the Navy may be in-
creased; which was ordered to he on the table.
lie also presented the memorial of members of
the Society of Cincinnati, praying the settlement
of the claims for half pay for life promised by
the act of Congress of October, 1780, to the offi-
cers of the Continental army who served to the
end of the war or until the time of their reduc-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the memorial be
printed, as there are some statements they would
like to go before the country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
go to th/* Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Eli
Davis, Charles LI. fvreamer, and Timothy Mal-
ihan, praying compensation for their services as
doorkeepers or day-watchmen at the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of citizens
'of Pennsylvania, praying an increased and spe-
cific duty on iron; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of citizens of
Erie, Pennsylvania, praying that the pay of the
officers ofthe Navy be increased; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
