1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
Arms, or anybody else who may be selected, may
be a proper person enough to purchase the fur- '
niture, but I object to his being selected on the
ground that the committees are to direct him; and
i hope, whoever he may be, he will be a man
who, when the committees come to direct him,
will tell the committees what he thinks'is right,
and, after they have heard him, will do what he
believes to be right, whether it pleases them or
not. I want furniture made appropriate to the
rooms, and in such quantity as the convenience
of the committees may require, and of such char-
acter as the uses prescribed render proper. I do
not care whether the Senator wants pine shelves,
pitched or painted. I say neither one nor the
other would be appropriate to the rooms in which
the committees meet in the new wing of this build-
ing. Neither do I see that there would be any
great deal of economy in purchasing inferior ma-
terials, which would shrink and swell back and
fall to pieces, to be renewed or repaired from time
to time, with injury to the books put in them. I
have no confidencejn that poor economy which
injures valuable books to avoid buying a case
that would preserve them, which would stick
them upon shelves to gather dust and feed the
worms, instead of securing them in cases that
would keep them for posterity, and save them
from depredation.
Mr. MASON. There is a well-approved max-
im that the honorable Senator from Mississippi
learned in his boyhood: "there is no disputing
about tastes." The honorable Senator may have
his taste, and I mine. The honorable Senator
may have an idea of what becomes the dignity
and magnificence of this great country; 1 have
mine. 1 say that that shabby splendor which
may be indulged under an unlimited appropria-
tion I utterly contemn. There is no limit to this
appropriation. I do not know whether the lion- !
orable Senator will vote for it in this unlimited !
form or not; but i say that, according to my ap- J
prehension, whoever does vote for it in its unlim- !
ited form, does not regard the constitutional in- 1
hibition which requires that we shall know what
is appropriated.
Now, sir, a word as to this Capitol extension.
I do not quarrel with it, so far as the arrange-
ments are concerned. I believe the Senate Cham-
ber has been very well devised, except these ex-
tended galleries, which I should be against; but
I do not quarrel about that. Itis well ventilated,
well arranged for acoustics, and accommodates
us better than the old Qhamber. I do not quarrel
with the unnecessary expenditure for what, I un-
derstand, the honorable Senator calls works of
art. We have no business with them.
Mr. DAVIS. What are what I call works of
art?
Mr. MASON. Well, I understand by works
of art, these frescoed paintings; not in this Cham-
ber, but elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. There is not a fresco in this
Chamber.
Mr. MASON. Not in this Chamber, butelso-
where. Then there is the elaborate painting that
is exhausted on the corridors and passages below,
and on other portions of the building. If the gen-
tleman has a ta|te that approves these works of
art, let him indulge it at his own expense; but not
at the expense of the country. I have heard of gen-
tlemen in their private establishments expending
hundreds of thousands of dollars upon what are
called woiks of art. I do not quarrel with it.
There is no disputing about taste. Let them do
it, if they think proper; but it is not a proper ex-
penditure from the public Treasury. I recognize
no proper expenditure from the public Treasury
but that which will facilitate the dispatch of the
Fublic business; and, in making these buildings,
would go to any extent that was necessary to
make them ample enough and durable enough,
but no further.
Now, what is proposed by this amendment?
That we shall make an unlimited appropriation
to furnish the committee-rooms, or whatever
other rooms there may be in this Capitol. I say
it is against the spirit of the Constitution which
requires an appropriation of money so that we
know what goes; but there is no limit to this ap-
propriation. The honorable Senator has twitted
me a little about my ideas of pine shelves. I
choose to put it in that form. The honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] asked, would
I build a splendid house and furnish it in a poor
and mean manner? That is for me to decide out
of my own means; I have no right to decide it out
of the public funds. We have no right to expend
money but for public purposes. We are called
upon to furnish ample accommodations for the
discharge of the public business, and to do it in
an economical manner. I am one of those who
understand perfectly that there are occasions
when the road to economy is by the path of ex-
penditure, and I would expend freely and liberally
to get ample acco mmodations, and to have them
permanent, durable, and, if we could, imperish-
able; but beyond that, not one step—nothing for
these works of art. That we have no right todo.
There is no warrant for it in the charter under
which we come here. Put paintupon your walls,
or put paint wherever it is necessary for preser-
vation, and preservation only. That is my idea
of proper public expenditure. In my own house
I might indulge my own tastes, and the honor-
able Senator might indulge his in his own; and
there is no disputing about taste. Possibly I
might differ with him m regard to ourownestab-
lishments.
I want to limit this appropriation. I say again,
so far as I am conversant with the committee-
rooms, we do not want any additional furniture,
unless it may be some shelves, to accommodate
the books, or something of that kind. 1 am ut-
terly opposed to the scheme of repudiating the old
furniture, to put in new. I am against that whole
system which obtains in some parts of the coun-
try, where there is accumulated a redundant and
exulting wealth, that would destroy an old fabric
—destroy old furniture—that they may get new
fashions. It is not in my taste; but, again, there
is no disputing about tastes.
At ttie proper time I shall ask to limit this ex-
penditure. 1 want to make the expenditure equul
to the actual necessity; but I am not willing to go
one step beyond it. If there be an idea that it
becomes the dignity and magnificence of the
country to repudiate the old furniture which we
'and our predecessors have enjoyed forfifty years,
in order that we may get new furniture, adapted
to the new condition of things, it is not to my
taste; but again, there is no disputing about
tastes. 1 want to limit the expenditure,.and if it
be $10,000 or $20,000, I am willing to vote it to
furnish what is actually necessary, and to repu-
diate nothing which we have got. /That is what
my idea is.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose we should have had
no disputation as to tastes, if the honorable Sen-
ator had not assumed to have a taste which he
oracularly gave out for others. If he had allowed
his own opinion to be enjoyed without insisting
that others should adopt it, we should have had
no dispute about tastes. Nor is it my taste which
he arraigns. I claim no cultivation; I claim not
to decide upon works of art. Not being very dis-
putatious, nor quite oracular, not believing my-
self to be very skilled, I took the judgment of
men with whom it had been the study of a life;
and I believed, as I still believe, that on a ques-
tion of taste there may be an amount of natural
endowment and ofacquirement which will require
a modest man to surrender something of his own
impressions.
Mr. MASON, But do not make the public
pay for it. That is all I am against.
Mr. DAVIS. I am coming to that. It is pos-
sible to be positive and not to be wise. It is pos-
sible to assume the air of economy, and yet to go
on in a course of profligacy. If the Vatican had
been whitewashed from year to year since it has
been completed, it would have cost more than
those paintings which have remained for the ad-
miration of posterity; and this Capitol, I trust, is
to stand longer than the Vatican has stood; and
it is that scaglioK painting along in the corridors
that the Senator criticises, which, in the course
of years, is to prove an economy. Instead of
coming with the poor brush which he proposes
annually to paint or to whitewash, it was ex-
pected that the work of art, as he terms it, would
stand for a series of years, not only to be admired,
but to remain without the necessity of an annual
expenditure. I say, therefore, it is possible to
raise a dispute about taste, and to assume to be
extravagantly careful of the public money, with-
out, in fact, prescribing any law on which a just
taste might rest, and without, in truth, pursuing i
a path that would lead to the saving of the public
treasure; but the reverse in both cases; wander-
ing at random, to tear down those things which
men, after a life of studj^ and experience, have
put up; pronouncing against decoration which,
unless the Senator has paid %more attention to it
than I have, he surely cannot comprehend; pro-
nouncing immediately that there is to be a vast
expenditure, without knowing the cost, without
knowing ifs durability, without knowing what
anything which he would have substituted for it
would have cost in a term of years easily com-
puted. It is this general arraignment of what
other people do; it is this organ of destructive-
ness, which comes in to carp and criticise and
tear down all that other men'do, which lies at
the foundation of half the difficulties and the evils
we suffer. Nature creates but few animals for
destruction, many for construction; and we Who
walk the humble path may claim, in our useful
toil, to be spared from the ruthless scythe of such
severe criticism.
I am not disputing with the Senator on a matter
of taste. I am questioning his right to judge of
the taste of others, and, with one general denun-
ciation, to sweep out years of study by men who
had given a long life to acquire a knowledge that
enabled them to solve the problem. That is what
I object to. It is not a question between the Sen-
ator and myself. I did not design this ornament-
ation. I do not pretend now to judge ,of it. It
pleases me; and I hope to sit here long enough to
have my eye cultivated to a higher taste, and to
enjoy it more and more; and I trust the Senator
will learn to discriminate between a painting
which is exceedingly beautiful, and that which
he denounces as a daub.
Mr. MASON. Will the'Senator indulge me?
I do not object to his education; but I do object
to his education at the public expense. That is
my objection.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator must be educated
somehow; and it is at the Government cost that
he has not been educated before. Now, it will
be for the benfefit of tl\e country if, at its cost, it
can educate him, and save him from such out-
rages hereafter. [Laughter.] He must be edu-
cated. It is essential that he should be taught.
He is untaught; and how is he to be taught, ex-
cept by confining him in a room where his taste
can rise to something higher? [Laughter.] I
have no wish to continue this debate.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is, perhaps, proper that I
should stale why the committee did not fix a lim- '
itation on the amount in the amendment I have
offered. We had no data to go upon, and I am
now better satisfied than I was before that we did
right. Our object was to leave to the different
committees the right to signify to the gentleman
who would have the work m charge the charac-
ter of furniture they desired, piesuming thatevery
committee would order such furniture as they
thought appropriate to the room they occupied.
If it had been known that every committee would
select pine furniture of the description given by
the Senator from Virginia, we might have fixed
an estimate upon it. However, we thoughtit was
the highest compliment we could pay the different
committees of this body to let them signify to the
gentleman who would have the work in charge
the kind of furniture they wanted introduced into
their rooms. We supposed they would exercise
a judicious economy in doing so, and I have no
doubt every committee will.
But it is not only the committee-rooms which
are to beTurnished. There is furniture necessary
for this Chamber. I do not say that we need new
desks or new chairs for ourselves, but we need
new sofas. There are several rooms that need
furnishing entirely. The furniture in the office
of the Secretary of the Senate and his clerks is
entirely insufficient. They have now no desks
in which to put papers belonging to the business
of the Senate. It is useless to fix a limitation of
$10,000, as proposed by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. My impression is that less than $50,000
would be useless; and, if there is a limitation to
be fixed, I hope it will be a sum much higher
than that named by the Senator from Virginia.
If the vote is to be taken on the limitation, as
proposed, I shall name a higher sum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Tennessee, to the amendment of the Senator from
