508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
resolutions asking for information from the Com-
mittee on Finance.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
pending to refer this bill to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HUNTER. That will give rise to debate.
Mr. SHIELDS. If it docs, I agree that the
gentleman shall make his report.
Mr. STUART, it must give rise to debate.
There cannot bp, a doubt about that.
Mr. HUNTER, 1 only ask that it be post-
poned informally.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that will be done. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. HUNTER reported a series of resolutions,
•which are given in a preceding column.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. As it will bo sometime
before the order of the day is taken up, and, I
believe, the morning business is through with, I
move that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (S.-No. 443) for the relief of
Henry 11. Schoolciaft.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator from Arkansas that the bill winch
was-taken up on the motion uf the Senator from
Minnesota was, by consent, informally postponed,
and the question recurs on that if the Senator in-
sists upon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir. I call it up again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Alabama, to refer the bill, with the accom-
panying import, to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLAY. I will only say a word in reply
to what fell from the Senator from Minnesota.
Admitting the facts to bo as presented by him,
still 1 think it is veiy questionable whether this
Governments under any legal or moral liability
for the payment of this amount. But, conceding
that there is some hgal or moial liability, which
I am not prepared to do, it seems to me that, from
what has been dov^ftpod in the Senate itself, the
amount claimed is more than double the amount
which is propeliy due, or, at least, the amount
winch is shown to be due by the evidence ad-
duced. I understand, from what ihe Senator said
himself, that Geiieial Scott only accounted for
$7,000 of this mom y; and yet. tLie parties claim
$15,001). If only ^7,000 went into the Tieasury
of the United Status, admitting that the Govern-
ment is hound to pay back what it got, certainly
$15,000 is more than is due. "What has been de-
veloped, though, has satisfied me more fully of
the conectness of my motion to refer this case to
the Couit of Claims. Manifestly, there is some
contest as to the amount which the Government
received. Manifestly Geneial Su tt only nc- j
counted An <7,000 of the money. He only ac- j
l.iUMvlf dged the rec« ipt of that much in his settle- '
nient witir the Government. Undei these eireum- j
stances, it seems (o me, there can be no question '
that it (Might to go to the Court of Claims. Even j
if this wen; a just claim; even if it weie verified !
by sufficient rvideine, { think it would be a very i
bad precedent on the pait of the Senate to adopt ;
the bill. What is the use of establishing that!
court, if it is not to Retail the evidence winch can 1
be piocured, either for or against a claim ? What ;
is the use of establishing th.it court, if it is not to j
£ive the (joveiji oient aouie opportunity of obtain- ,
jog testimony on its side > What is the use of |
the coin t, if a meie ix par!? showing m any ease, -
however good, can overslaugh them, and give j
Congress jurisdiction m tins ease 5 I think it!
ought to go to t h|x com t, and hence I must, insist ,
upon that motion; and 1 ask for the yeas and i
iiays upon it. I
Tile veas and nnys wire oidered. I
Air, &VvLn. i M.uukl hki to «isk the Senator :
a qiKj!sti<'U. 1 haw not examined the law; but it j
has been singgr.-gt u 1<> me th u these are foioign-
eis, and cainn>i in jng suit1-? in the Court of' Claims.
Mi.CLAW fain not pienaied to answer that '
question, i do not u-munoei the exact terms of ,
the act establishing the com t. it' ;ha( be the cafe,
however, 1 shr.ii"a:.k that the bill in- ovei until I
can examine u, because i have only heaid what
was read at the dMsk, and am not prepared really
now to enu r^nto the merits of the case. Perhaps |
the Senator hom Delawuie [Mr. Bayard] can an- j
Ewer the question propounded whether foreigners j
have the i urluto brin^suiis m the Court of Claims. '
Mr. STUART. Certainly they have. 1
Mr. CLAY. I supposed so.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know whether I might
not vote for this claim if it came before me with
the facts prepared in a manner which I thought
requisite to the proper judgment of it. It seems
to me the danger involved is that it really pro-
ceeds upon no tangible principle of liability on
the part of the Government, that I can ascertain
from the report. There are important principles
connected with the liability of any Government
- for the acts of its officers whether during war or
l peace. There is nothing in this report that shows
| me that the American Government would be liable
| for the acts of the commanding general in Mcx-
! ico, under the circumstances stated. It may be
j that it would; but I would rather have the prin-
j ciple settled. I think one of the great objects of
j establishing the Court of Claims was to endeavor
i to arrive at some general principles which should
j exercise a controlling influence over the future
| action of the Governmental regard to such claims.
It wos to get rid of the system which had pre-
vailed of allowing claims on caprice in individual
cases. The personal feelings of Senators, how-
ever creditable to the heart of the individual,
ought certainly never to be the foundation of the
action of a deliberative body. There ought to be
some general, specific, tangible ground which
shows that the Government is liable under the
circumstances to the party, either legally or equi-
tably; for if not we have no righfUo dispose of
the money of our constituents merely on grounds
of compassion or haidship in particular cases.
How, sir, m this case, if the Government re-
ceived $15,000 under a confiscation, and made a
sale which was not confj rmud, and the parties took
no interest in the property under the sale, there
might be some ground for the claim; but on the
face of the report it appears that the Government
of the United States received $7,500 and no more,
I know not why. If the money was collected from
these parties under military authority, still if it
was collected on behalf of the Government by a
legal act, beyond all question the Government
would have a right to have an accountability for
the whole sum. Seven thousand five hundred
dollars only was accounted for. Why is it that
the otiier $7,500 has not gone into the Treasury
of the nation, if we are responsible for it? The
distinction, the standing of General Scott is a rea-
son with me why, if ho transgressed the laws of
the United States without the authority of-his
Government, he should be held iesponsible. If
he was the cause of wrong to these patties, and
is personally liable, I am for one not unwilling to
assume on behalf of the Government a liability
which dues not belong to the Government arising
out of his acts, I am not prepared to say that the
Government is or is not iesponsible. That point
involves very important principles, and I think,
theretoie, the case ought to go to the Court of
Claims in order to let us have some tangible
ground to decide upon, if we aie to give relief in
this ease.
JJut to show how loosely these things arc done
hoe, i will mention that this bill proposes to
give inteiesl on this, a doubtful claim, from the
yeui 1&47 down tu the piesent tunc. Was that
from the evacuation of Mexico ' No; I think the
evacuation of Mexico by our tioops was in 1848.
Well, sir, we are, to give interest to these parties,
though on the face of the papers it appears that
they were in possession of the property, and there
is nothing to show that they had to pay damages
for that possession, but simply that they lost pos-
session after the American army left. This may
be light, but there is nothing ou the face of the
report to explain u to us. The allowance of in-
terest is contrary to the entire u^age of Congress
in general. Then: have been excepted cases; but
in general, at: legards the action of Cong less where
they pat-s on chums against the Government, they
do not allow nueiesi; yet it is made part of the
bill as ii now stands.
I submit that the case altogether involves prin-
ciples too important to allow us to act upon it as
an individual e^se merely, because it is m that
way that we eternally make precedents which
are cited against us as the ground of future action,
until the abuse becomes so great, that wc are
compelled to reject our own precedent action in a
variety of cases.
Mr. CLAR1C. Mr. President, I want to say
one word, not in regard to the merits of this claim,
but in regard to the position in which you will
place the claimant if you send him to the Court
of Claims. He has submitted his petition to this
body. The Senate have taken jurisdiction of
that petition; they hnvejttit it, as I understand,
to_ the Committee on MilTOry Affairs. The com-
mittee have investigated it; they have reported in
his favor; and now the report comes up here for
action, and instead of acting definitely on that
report, as wc now in my opinion should do, it is
proposed to jsend him to the Court of Claims. If
you send him to the Court of Claims, he will be
obliged to go through with an examination there.
After he has got a decision in his favor, you oust
the jurisdiction of the committee and send him
-to the Court o£ Claims. He goes down there, he
goes through with an examination there, and then
the Court of Claims make a repot t here. Whether
that report is favorable or unfavorable, you send
him again to a committee. Now, why not take
the report of our committee in the first instance?
No matter what the report of the Court of Claims
is, you will send him to a committee again when
that report is made. If it is unfavorable, the
chances are that he will be thrown aside without
being heard. If it is m his favor, and thus he
has two reports in his favor, then you will reex-
amine his case, and perhaps send him somewhere
else. I think you have imposed sufficient hard-
ship on him when you have sent him through
one committee and he has got a report, without
sending him to the Court of Claims and then back
again to another committee. I do not know any-
thing about the mciits of this claim; I have not
examined it. I only speak of the position in
which you put the claimant by this motion. It
seems to me you impose a hardship ou him. It
mi^ht have been well that the claim should have
gone to the Court of Claims in the first instance.
I do not undei take to say how that is; but if your
committee took junsdicuon and investigated the
claim, it seems to me the Senate now should ex-
amine their report, and decide upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I am unable to see the force
of the objection of the honorable Senator. We
constituted the Court of Claims with a double
aspect: first, that we might arrive, by means of
the decisions of that court, after research and
hearing both sides, at something like general
principles, to guide us in ouf determinations on
claims against the Government of the United
States; and next, because the system of investi-
gation, purely cx parte, on the ioosest character
of testimony, that had been adopted by commit-
tees antecedent to the establishment of this court,
was unsatisfactoiy to members of the Senate. For
these reasons, Mid with a view to obtain testi-
mony on both sides, wo required that all matters
of claims, cxeephng only mere gratuities, should
be heard before the Court of Claims. Now, sir,
wc violate that altogether by acting on such bills"
as this m this way. There is no class of claims
which may not be taken from the junsdiction of
the court, according to the argument of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. On that principle,
if by accident, in the huiry of business, a claim
is presented and referred to a committee and they
report on it, though it may bo clearly within the
cognizance of the Court of Claims, we may be
told that it is a hardship to send this case to the
Court of Claims, because the committee have re-
ported. And yet the very object and intent of
the law was that we should not have to rely on a
mere ex parte examination. We appoint, in that
court, an agent on the part of the Government,
who, as tluir attorney, with his assistants, is
bound to investigate the cases as against the peti-
tioners, and to have testimony on the side of the
Government. If the doctrine be true, that because
a claim is referred to a committee without the
notice, probably, of a single individual Senator
but the man who presents it, and they choose to
report on it, we ought to act without full testi-
mony, the whole scheme and intent of Congress
in constituting the Court of Claims is to be passed
by, and the parties arc to have relief on the old
system of ex parte statements.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am satisfied that my hon-
orable friend fiom Delaware, and my honorable
friend from Alabama, if they had considered and
investigated this case, would not interpose the
slightest, objection upon the principle that they
themselves lay down. Now, I will ask the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, if it was not a le-
