1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
utes, we shall be without a quorum. I propose, !
therefore, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us take the vote on
this proposition.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I do not see that we
can do it very soon. We shall evidently have to
sit all day to-morrow, and all night to-morrow
night. I move, therefore, that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 2, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ANTHONY CASLO.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar be discharged
from the further consideration of Senate bill (No.
255) for the relief of Anthony Casio, a soldier in
the war of 1812.
There was no objection.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to allow to Anthony Casio, other-
wise known as Anthony Cassel, an invalid pen-
sioner, an amount equal to $2 per month, from
the 25th day of May, 1816, to the 25ih day of
May, 1857, the date at which his name was en-
tered upon the roll of invalid pensioners.
Mr. HOWARD. This involves a matter of about
one thousand dollars. It is correct in principle
and light in amount. I hope it will be passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is going a
long way back with a pension. It is in violation
of the general laws passed by Confess.
Mr. HOWARD, These are the facts. At that
time he made the proof's, and was entitled to a
pension; but the Department failed to find his
name upon the record, yet his name was upon the
roll all the time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did he establish
the fact of his disability in 1816?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the proof was
completed in 1816, and it was not his fault, he is
entitled to a pension under the general law from
that date. If the facts are as stated, I have no ob-
jection to the bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOWARD moved toreconsiderthe vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon tfie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS INT OREGON.
Mr. GROVER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 593) to provide for extending the
laws and judicial system of the United States to
the State of Oregon, and for other purposes.
The hill was read. It extends the laws of the
United States over the State of Oregon, so far as
locally-applicable; provides for the appointment
of ajuageand other officers; and also constitutes
an additional judicial district in Iowa.
'Mr. WASHBURNE, of IHinois. That bill
provides a salary of $3,000 a year for the judge
in Oregon. That is $500 moic than is paid to
the judge of the southern district of Illinois, and
$1,000 more than is paid to the judge of Wiscon-
sin. It is entirely too much; and unless the bill
be amended in that respect, i will object.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill proposed to be
taken up gives to the judge of Oregon a salary
smaller than that given to the judge of Califor-
nia. It is certainly small enough. If there be
objection, I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not in order.
Mi. GROVER. The State of Illinois has two
judges; California has two; and this bill provides
for but one in Oregon, with the salary of the
judge of the northern district of California.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Illinois if there is any dis-
trict judge now whose salary is below ^,000?
My opinion is, that there is not one within the
United States. I know that we passed a law a few
years since fixing the salaries of all the United
States judges.
Mr. EDIE. I object to debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is essential that this bill
should pass, and I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not debating it, and I
do not propose to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is out of order when debate is objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON, I suppose it is not out of
order to ask a gentleman to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
one remark, and that is, that there are two dis-
trict judges in Illinois ata salary of $2,500 a year
each.
Mr. EDIE. I object to debate.
CAPTAIN CHARLES STEWART.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the Senate joint
resolution conferring the rank of senior flag-offt-
ccr on the active-service list of the United States
Navy on Captain Charles Stewart.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
JAMES COLLIER.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 780) for the relief of James Col-
lier.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be paid to James Col-
lier, out of any money in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, $9,580 27, being for the amount
(with^its interest, at the rate'of six per cent, per
annum) found due from the United States to Col-
liei, in a certain action tued and determined m
the circuit court of the United States for the sou th-
orn district of New York, second circuit, held
November 30, 1855, wherein the United States
was plaintiff and James Collier was defendant,
and in which action the court, upon the verdict
of a jury, certified that there was then due, from
the United States to Collier, $8,110 29; and which
proceedings of the circuit court were afterwards
affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States, at its December term, 1857.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection. I can satisfy every gentle-
man in this House that the bill should pass.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 withdraw my objectiop.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
BRIG CUMBERLAND.
Mr. HATCH. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No G04,
to provide for the eniollment and liccnse of the
brig Cumberland.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
JOHN PICKELL.
Mr. RICAUD. I ask unanimous consent to
discharge the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendarfrom the further considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 328) for the relief of John
Pickell, late a lieutenant in the United States
Army.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of John Pickell, late
a lieutenant in the Army, upon the roll of invalid
pensioners, and to pay or cause to be paid to him
such full pension per month as is allowed to of-
ficers of his rank, under existing invalid pension
laws, such pension to commence from the 1st day
of November, 1857.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged, and the biil was
passed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to in troduce a joint resolu-
tion in regard to a suspension of the sales of the
public lands in Minnesota.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
he, arid is hereby, directed to suspend all sales of the public
lands in the State of Minnesota for twelve months from the
passage of this resolution.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I objeet.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Is it in order to move
a suspension of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
CAPTAIN CHARLES STEWART—AGAIN.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ,understand that
the resolution in relation to Commodore Stewart
creates no- new office or rank, and I withdraw my
objection to it.
No further objection being made, the joini res-
olution of the Senate (No. 69) conferring; the rank
of senior flag-officer on the active-service list of
the United States Navy on Captain Charles Stew-
art, was taken from the Speaker's table,received
its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
• JAMES COLLIER—AGAIN.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill (No. 780) for the relief of James
Collier, and that the same be put ijpon its pas-
sage. I understand that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia does mc the favor to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw it; but I give
noticc that I shall hereafter objeet to this irregu-
lar and unequal way of taking up private bills.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the House will bear with
me for two minutes I think I can make a state-
ment which will satisfy every gentleman that the
bill ought to pass. Collier was collector of the
revenue for Upper California in the. year 1853.
The sum of §8,110 29 was stolen from his deputy
at Monterey, without any negligence or fault on
I the part of the deputy, of himself, or of any of
Ins subordinates. He made known the fact to the
Treasury Department in the same year, and asked
that the amount with which he was debited should
he set to his credit in his accounts. The Solicit-
or of the Treasury informed him that, under the •
sub-Treasury act, the credit could not be allowed;
but stated m his letter that he had no doubt Con-
gress would give him relief, and that Congress
ought to give him relief. In that state of the case,
under the coercion of the sub-Treasury act, he
paid the money into the Treasury. [Cries of
" That's enough !"]
£Jo objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill; it was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was receiv'ed from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbuky Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate insisted on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the bill of the
House making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, I860, and asked for a
confeience on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Messrs. Mason,
Davis, and Seward-, managers of said conference
on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending June 30,1860, with
amendments; in which he was directed to ask the
concunence of the House.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by
unanimous consent, the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the navy appropriation bill were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, moved that the House insist on its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate to the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill, and
agree to the conference asked for by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
said amendments.
