1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
a mere screen to hide the real purpose of this bill,
which is n bill for the relief of those who are spec-
ulating upon the legislation of Congress under the
pretense of repaying a debt to a meritorious sol-
dier and patriot, who advanced his money for the
relief of the Government during her times of trou-
ble and necessity. Here it is:
" For the use and benefit of his heirs and legal represent-
atives, and to *uch other persons as may show themselves
leg;t!!y entitled thereto."
There is the real purpose of the bill. Tt is not ,
for the heirs, it is not for the children of this 1
deceased patriot and soldier, who expended his
money and hazarded his life so generously in the
defense of the country, but it is for some claim ]
agent who has fished up this claim and preferred
it to Congress. I doubt whether an heir of James
Bell is cognizant at this day of the fact that this
bill is pending before Congress. I doubt whether
an heir of the deceased ever authorized its pros-
ecution-before Congress; but one of the claim-
agents who ate ever hanging around this Capitol,
who feed upon public plunder, and who are eter-
nally speculating upon the legislation of Congress,
has preferred the claim; and in order to secure the
money, and to prevent its eluding his grasp, here
is put in " and to such other persons as may show
themselves legally entitled thereto." It is per-
fectly patent on its face that this bill is not for the
relief of the heirs of James Bell; that it is not to
reimburse them for moneys advanced by their
ancestor; but that it is really to afford a good
speculation to some agent whc^ha.s bought it for
a cent on the dollar, or even less.
Mr. CAMERON. It is right, perhaps, that I
should correct the Senator from Alabama m re-
gard to a statement which I am sure lie made
under a misapprehension. The person who is
the administrator of this estate bears the same
name as myself, though ho is no relation of mine.
I know something about the case. It has been i
here evei- since I first came to the Senate I know
abrother of his was here some ten or twelve years.
This'man struggled heie in poverty eight or ten
years. He had some little property when he came ]
here, but he has consumed it all in hunting up the
claim. The grandfather pursued it while he lived; j
the son of the grandfather pursued it; and now it j
has come down to the third generation. I have !
no doubt that speculators will have some share |
under the bill; but to avoid that, I move that the ;
words commented on by the Senator be stricken ;
out, so that it be confined entirely to the heirs of j
James Bell. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an j
amendment now pending. ;
Mr. CLAY. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on j
the amendment proposed by the Senator from |
Maine, to stuke out interest.
The yeas and nays were ordered. <
Mr. MAL.LORY. Mr. Piesident, as the yeas f
and nays are to be called, I deem it but proper to |
say one word. I shall vote for the amendment
to strike out the allowance for interest on this j
claim, because I do not regard this as a case m
which interest is justly due; but 1 beg leave to j
differ entirely with my fnend from Alabama, in
his assertion that the Government does not pay j
interest upon claims, or that the Senate lias at i
any time recognized a rule of that kind. On the 1
contrary, I hold that the Government is equally j
bound with an individual, bound by the same
sense of justice under all circumstances, to pay in-
terest where it may be due. The Senator from
Alabama proceeds on the idea that the Govern-
ment is always ready to pay it§, just claims, and
that if it does not pay them, it is because of the
laches of the claimant himself. In such casesj of
course inteiest is not allowed, on the presumption
that our Government is always ready to pay.
But so far from there having been any such lule
m this regard, as has been stated, the rule is di-
rectly tile reverse. We have the opinion of the
Atloiney General of the United States, so late
as 1851, that the Secretary of War might, m a
claim before his Department, legally pay interest.
There is no law whatever, govenun" the point.
There is a departmental usage which has gioivn
up in tlie Treasury, and othei Departnuntsof tins
Government, by which interest on claims lias not
been allowed; but if it were necessary to show
that Congress has from time to tune paid inteiest
upon claims which have been acknowledged but
were not paid at the time they were due, I could
adduce numerous ones. With these few remarks,
and simply protesting against the principle laid
down that tlie Government is not liable for inter-
est in any case, I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. CLARE. I agree, Mr. President, that the
practice of the Government should be uniform. I
agree, too, that it lias been hitherto the practice
not to pay interest to any great extent; butifthat
principle has been wrong, it is no reason why we
should not begin now, and attempt to establish a
uniform practice to pay interest. It is said thatiti
is to be presumed that the Government is always
ready to pay its debts. I admit that. Suppose
you take the presumption to be that the Govern-
ment is ready to pay its debts, it is not a conclu-
sive presumption; and when the claimant has
overthrown that presumption, and has shown dis-
tinctly that the Government was not ready in his
case, and that it was the fault of the Government
that ho did not get his money, then the Govern-
ment ought to pay interest; and that I understand
to be this case. I understand the committee to
have investigated it, and to say that the interest
ought to be allowed, and therefore I shall go
against striking it out. ,
It is no objection to my mind that this money
may not alt'reach the hands of Mr. Bell, or his
heirs. The question is not so much where the
money is to go, as whether we owe the money
and discharge the debt. If we owe the money to
his heirs and we pay ij over to them, we discharge
the debt; and if other persons have aided those
heirs arid have become legally entitled to it, the
bill provides that they shall have a portion of it,
and why not? The Government has nothing to
do but to discharge its own duty; and it discharges |
that duty by paying the debt. No matter whether |
it goes to this man or somebody else who is en- (
titled to receive it; if the propei party gets it the j
Government has discharged itself of the debt j
which it owes to this person or his heirs. |
Mr. DUR1CEE. Mr. President, allow me to j
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that this ;
debt was acknowledged by an act of Congress in <
1834; but the appropriation was insufficient to j
discharge the claim, as appeared on auditing the
same at the proper Department. This bill pro- j
vides for paying the balance, including interest. !
It seems to me if interest, is to be paid on any '
claim, this is one that should not be overlooked
in that inspect, as it is for supplies furnished the
army during the revolutionary war.
Interest lias only been cast from the time that
the claim was presented for payment and ac-
knowledged due by the Secretary of War, who
: recommended an appropriation by Congress for
its payment.
i Mr. CLAY". I will say m reply, that Congress
i has once liquidated the debt to the extent of its
estimate of the amount due, as appears by the act
| of 1834. Five thousand seven hundred dollars
was appropriated to pay it, and the parties weie
1 then aiithoiized to go befoie the Secretary of the
I Treasury and have the amount estimated, and it
' appears 'that over and above that there is a bal-
j ance of that is now claimed. But it is not
! simply that balance w'hich is asked, although
. all that Congress, after investigating it m ]834,
! allowed, has been paid; but wo are asked to allow
!j interest on that balance, and then in addition,
;; over and above what was recognized at the Trena-
il uiv Department, interest on the original debt
;j from 1794, amounting in the aggregate to over
! fourteen thousand dollars. There is a claim that
!l we have just passed for the heirs of Lieutenant
ji Weeks, where interest has been accruing since
! the revolutionary war, for it appears that he was
l! killed at the battle of Monmouth. There was no
interest claimed by, nor allowed to, his heirs. In
this particular instance where the debt has been
once settled after being examined at the Tieasury
Depai tmenL, we ai e asked to go back behind their
settlement and nay interest to the .amount of
$14,000 from 1791.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
to stuke out the interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My motion only goes to
strike out the additional §14,00'), (not to s'rike
out the interest on the three hundred dollars,) be-
cause I consider the debt liquidated up to lb<S4.
All'. FOLIC. I do not exactly understand the
exteht to winch the amendment of the Senator
from Maine goes. I should like to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment; whieh is
to strike out the following words: • ,
" And the further sum of $14,535 20, being the amount
of interest accrued on the prmcipal debt of $6,056 34 from
the 23d day of April, 1794, till the 30th day of June, 1834."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Brisht, Broderiek,
Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Clmgman, Collamer, Davis, Fes-
senden, Fitzpamck.Foot, Green, Hale, Hammond, Harlan,
Houston, Trcrson, Johnson ofTennt's^ee, Jones, Kennedy,
King, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Reid, Rice. Sebastian, Sew-
ard, Shields, Stuart, ToomiwJ Trumbull, Wade, Ward, and
Wilson—37. "
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Durkee, Foster, and Wright—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move now, further to amend
the bill by striking out all after the word *' thirty-
four, " commencing; with the words with inter-
est thereon.'' Under the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Maine, we have stricken out
the interest estimated from 1794. I now propose
to strike out the interest from 1834, when the bal-
ance was ascertained. I would not move to strike
it out if it had not been for the fact that this sub-
ject had once undergone investigation by Con-
gress, and they passed an act appropriating $5,700
to pay the claim. The act quoted in the report
says, " Provided, the sum to be allowed shall not
exceed $5,727 03." which was appropiiated for
that purpose. The Treasury Department, it
seems, investigated the claim, and it appears, by
their report, that a balance of §329 was due. This
proposes to pay interest on that sum. Inasmuch
as Congress once determined the amount which,
in their wisdom and justice, was due, and that
amount has been paid, I do not think interest
ought to be paid on this balance, or, indeed, the
principal either,.but I would not haggle about the
principal, as it is so small in umount. I move to
strike out the interest. The words to be stricken
out arc:
il Witli interest on tho enid balance of principal from the
30th day of Juno, 1834, till paid."
Mr. TOOMBS. Doe s it appear by the report
that there was any application for this balance
after 1834 ?
i\lr. CLAY. None at all. *
Mr. TOOMBS. If it was claimed then, and
has been continuously claimed since, the interest
ou ht to be allowed. If not, they have no claim
to interest. If they applied, and* wove not paid,
they ought to have jntercM; but if they did not
apply, they ou'rht not to have it.
Mr. CAMERON. I know myself that these
people have been pursuing this claim for twelve
or thirteen years. 1 think that shows application.
Mr. TOOMBS. It depends entirely on the ap-
plication. If they applied for the balance, I think
interest is due on it.
Mi. DURKEE. Application was made, so far
as application could be made, to Congress to ap-
propriate the money ftom time to ume._
The amendment of Mr. Clay was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concured in. The bill
was ordered to he engrossed foi a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
MRS. HENRY U. SCHOOLCRAFT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is a bill for the re-
lief of Mrs. Henry R. Schoolcraft that has just
passed the Hou.se of Representatives now lymg
on the Secretary's table. 1 hope I shall be in-
dulged by the Senate in taking up that bill, and
passing it now. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate for that purpose.
There being; no objection, the hill (TI. R. No.
813) for the iMief of Mrs. Henry R.•Schoolcraft,
was read twice and considered as in Committee
. of the Whole. It requires the Secretary of the
! Interior to cause a cnpv-n<rht to issue securing to
; her, her heirs, assigns; and le«al jopreeentativos,
[ the exclusive ri^ht to republisn the book entitled
, " History, statistics, condition, and projects, of
the India'n'tnbesof the United States," heretofore
nubh-shed under the orde<* o! and to
jnakcarsd punish ^ny abrivh'men: or compilation
' theteof, for the t -tu) of fomtein y<-,.us from the
passage of tins act; and also i-ccp^es the transfer
and delivery to her of all the p! aes, the property
' of the United States, used in the printing of the
; book. This is to be accepted in full satisfaction
