1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken*, arid it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 53, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Billing-
hurftj Bingham, Bowie, Bray ton, Buffinton, Burhngame,
Case, Chnnoe, Ezia Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, John
Cochtane, Coekonll, Colfax, Comins, Coining, Covode,
James Crnig, Crawiord, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Mary-
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Giegg, Grover, Law
renoe W. flail, Haskiri, flntoh, Hoard, Hoiton, Howard.
Jackson, Jevvett, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsev, Knapp, Jacob M.
Kunlcel. John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leach, Leidy
Letter, Lovcjov, IVIoKibbin, MoRau. Matteson, Montgom-
ery, Morsran, .Morrill. Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman HI. Mmse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nib- i
lack, Nichols:, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, Wil- !
ham W. Phelps, Purvianep, Reilly, Rieaud, Robbing Kofi- ;
erts, Royce, Savage, Searing, John Sherman, Jndson \V. i
Sherman, Singleton, Robnri Smith. Samuel A. Smith, Stan- i
ton, James A. Stewart, William Stctv.irt, Talbot, T.'ippan,
Thayer, Tompson, Tompkins, Vallandighani, Vance, Wade,
YValbiidire, Waldion, Walton, Ward, Cadwalder C. Wash-
born, Ellihu B. Vfti&hburnc, White, Winslow, Wood,
Woodson, Wortendyke, and Augustus R. Wnght—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Alkms, Aveiy, Bair, Blair, Dhss Bon-
ham, Boyce, Bianch. Burnett, Buin^-, Ca-dcie, Chapman,
Horace F. Clark, Cobb. Button Ctaige, J)avi  of Indiana,
Davn of Mississippi, Dowdell. Edtnundson, Euctis, Gtd-
dings, Greenwood, Robert B. EJall, Hailan. Hopkins, Jen-
kins, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Jietehcr, Mc-
Queen, Samuel S. Marshall. Mason Millson. Mooie, Pike,
Pottrr, Pottle, Powell, Read), Iluffin, Scales, lieniy M.
Shaw, Shorter, William Smith, Spinner. Stallwoith, George
Tayl°ri Miles Taylor, Underwood, Walking, John V.
Wnght.and Zolhooffer—f>3.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the above call, '
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, not being: within
the bar when his name was called, asked leave to
vote. Ho was out m the committee-room on the
public business.
Objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, stated that he
would have voted in the negative.
Mr. STEVENSON stated, if he had been pres-
ent when his name was called, that he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. PHILLIPS asked leave to vote, not being
within the bar when his name was called.
Objection was made.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
Committee on Piinting be dischaiged from the
further consideration of Senate bill (No. 218)
amendatory of an act entitled " An act to provide
for executing the public printing and establishing
the price thereof, and for other purposes, ap-
proved August26,1852,"and that nbe laid upon
the table. The bill has been superseded by the
action of Congress at the present session.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OiV NAVAL CONTRACTS,'ETC.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, submitted the following report:
Resolved, That five thousand extra eopics of the ma-
jority and mmoiity teports of the select committee on naval
contracts and naval expenditures, together with the evi-
dence, be printed for the use of the members of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
ttuin question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed; and also moved that the motion to reconsider j
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, to whom was referred the motion
to print the report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents on mechanics, for the „year 1858, and also
the motion to print fifty thousand extra copies of
the same, submitting the following report:
Resolved, That the mechanical report of tlie Patent Office
be printed; and , ,,
Resolved, further, That five thousand extia copies of said
report berpnnted for the use of the Interior Department.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have a minority report to
submit. Last year we rcduced the numbers of
this mechanical report forty thousand copies. I
will say, in reference to the Committee on Print-
ing, that the results of its action, combined with
the concunence of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, who is an honest man, have been to cut
down the expenses of this thing at least thirty-
three per cent, below those of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, and seventy-five per cent, below those
of the Thirty-Third Congress. I am unwilling,
on the part of the mechanics I represent, to stand
a further reduction. I submit, therefore, the fol-
lowing minority report, for the second resolution
of the committee.
The Cleik read as follows:
Resolved, That ther.e lie printed, of the mechanical part of
the Patent Olftce icpoi t, five thousand copies for the u->o of
the Patent Oliice, and fifteen thousand lor the use of the
members of the House of lleprwsentativra.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous auestion was seconded; and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. SINGLETON demanded the yeas and
nays on the amendment. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
resolutions, a«? amended, were adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, submitted the following report:
Resolved, That there he printed five thousand extra copies
ot the report ot the operation? of the Smithsonian Instil nt ton
for the year 1858 ; thiee thousand lor the use of member* of
the Home, and two thousand for the use of said institution.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Tlie previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded a divi-
sion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighty-eight.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
on his division ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; unless
it is proposed to pay for this printing out of the
Smithsonian fund.
The division was made; and there were—noes
forty-five.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolution; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill for the relief of John Pickell, late a lieu-
tenant in the United States Army;
A bill to provide for the enrollment and license
of the brig Cumberland;
A bill for the relief of Anthony Casio, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812; and
Joint resolution conferring the rank of senior
flag-officer of the United States Navy on Captain
Charles Stewart.
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move to take from the Speak-
er's table the joint resolution just sent'from the
Senate, (No. 87,) in respect to the removal of ob-
structions to navigation in the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river.
The joint resolution directs the unexpended
balance of the appropriation of $330,000, made
at the last session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
for removing; obstructions to navigation m the
mouth of the Mississippi, at the Southwest Pass
and Pass a TOutre, to be applied to such pur-
poses, under the direction of the President of the
United States, by contract or otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to taking
up that joint resolution.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Louisiana to make his motion so as to include
ail the bills from the Senate that are now on the
Speaker's table, so that we may dispose of the
whole of them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want to
have all these internal improvement bills brought- '
in.
Mr. EUSTIS. I have no desire to take up tjie
time of the House now; but I will simply state,
that the object of the resolution is to dispense:
with the necessity of publishing, for sixty days,
the advertisement for bids. There is no appro-
priation asked for, as the money is already ap-
propriated, and is now in the Treasury of the
United States. There are, at this moment, nearly
seventy vessels, jaden with valuable cargoes, on
the bar at the mouth of the Mississippi river, with
nearly twenty million dollars' worth of property
belonging to citizens all over the United States;
and all that I ask of the House is simply to au-
thorize the President of the United States to take
immediate and prompt measures to remove these
obstructions.
I will not embarrass the progress of this reso-
lution by any expression of opinion as to the man-
ner in which the large sum of $250,000 has been
expended by this Government; not only without
any quid pro quo, but to the serious injury of the
commerce of the city of New Orleans, and the
cou n t ry at large, within the short space of nine months,
I will reserve my remarks on that branch of the
subject for some future occasion. We-h&ve no
time now for discussion. The country is await-
ing the action of this Blouse.
I beg leave to submit to the House a copy of
the reports of the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New Oileans, of Captain Duncan, civil
engineer, of Captains Amos Lowne and George
Chism, pilots, together with the accompanying
resolutions adopted by said Chamber of Com-
merce, which I ask may be published, as our time
will not admit of their being read.
The reports were as follows:
Report of the Chamber of Commerce.
To the Nexo Orleans Chamber of Commerce :
Gentlemen: The undersigned, a committee, appointed
by your hody, at a special meeting held on the 29th ultimo,
to pioceed to the pasj.es at the mouth of the MississipjJl
river, and investigate the impediment there existing to tlie
free egress and ingress of vessels, having performed the duty
assigned to them, beg leave respectfully to report as fol-
lows :
That, fully appreciating the importance of their mission
and the necessity of having soundings and surveys made by
some scientific man, accompanied by suggestions as-to the
best and speediest method of removing th*1 obstacles to
navigation, they, by vutue of the power vested in them by
n rc.-olutton of the'Chnntber, engaged the services of Cap-
tain J. K. Duncan, civil engineer; and, on the evening of
tlie 1st ms-uuit, they left the city, and proceeded down the
liver to the wt ue uf then laboi*. They aruved at the pilot
station, nwdf the bar, at the Southwest Pass, at noon, on
the 2d instant, where they weie fortunate enough to meet
two old and expeiuuictd pilots—Mi. Towne, or the asso-
ciation, and Mi. Chism, ot the opposition—both of whom,
; at the request of the committee, agreed to accompany them
, on their minion. By the bbeiahty of the Tow-bodt Associa-
ti >n, the steamboat Anglo *3axon, Captain A. Giant, was
placed at then disposal; ami they proceeded at once to the
bar, and found that the impediments existing to the free
navigation ot the river passes had not been in any degree
exaggerated by the reports current in the city previous to
their dcpaituie. Between fotty and fifty sail of merchant-
men, ot an average tonnage of one thousand tons, were in
the immediate vicinity of this pass, held in cheek by tlie^
condition of the channel, and presenting th« appearance ot*
a port m a state of blockade. Two expert leadsmen having
been procuied, the active operations of your committee
then commenced, care having first been taken to check the
measurement ot the line by the rule, to prevent errors, or
misconception arising from the contraction or extension of
the same. Soundings were then made, both outward to sea
and inward from sea, the boat being placed in charge of
I Mr. Towue and Mr. Chism alternately, and they requested
to direct her course into the best cnannel known to them;
and the best water found on the shoal part of the bar, with
the wind blowing a stiff breeze troin the southwest, and a
heavy swell on, vva« fifteen feet at high tide. On the mom-
ma of the 3d, operations were resumed, the tide being out,
and soundings wore taken out and m, in mid-channel, and
also triangularly; and the best water found in the shoal part
of the bar, or middle ground, was thirteen feet; wind north.
Your committee then proceeded round, by sea, to Pass &
1'Outre, Gainfully sounded the channel there at high water,
and found but thirteen feet on the bar; British ship, Belle
of the Ocean, 3ii the bar, with two tow-boats alongside.
The soundings here were continued until dark, and re-
sumed, on the morning of the 4th, at low water, and tlie
best water found was twelve feet; wind southwest. All of
which is more particularly set forth m the able report of
Captain J. K. Duncan, which is herewith annexed, and
made part of wis report.
The time and circumstances for taking these soundings
were admitted to be very favorable, and your committee
