514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
to any reasonable man that he would have ap-
plied if he had been here at the time he was en-
titled to have applied, and that if he had applied
he would have passed the examination, and would
have been promoted. How, sir, it wag no fault
of his that he was absent at the time; it was the
fault of the Government. He was carried out, by-
its orders, to sea, and could not be hero. There
were other assistant surgeons, who were here at
home, doing nothing at all; t&ey were here lying
on their oars, walking about, going- into grog-
shops, and other places in the city of Washing-
ton; and they, because they were here in this idle
manner, had the opportunity of examination,
were passed to promotion, and have gone on the
list of promotion, and have received pay all this
time.
In the case of Dr. Howell, which is next in
order on the docket, at the very first examination
that took place under the order of the Secretary
of the Navy, after he came home from gea, he
applied for examination, was examined, and
passed, and he was put on the roster next to a
man who was here at the time, who was not at
sea, and who was examined and passed two years
before him. That man hasMiawn his increased
pay all that time, and he happened to get it because
he was here doing nothing, while Mr. Howell
was serving his country abroad, upon the coast
of Africa, in the most dangerous position, per-
haps, to which anybody 1-5 exposed.
Mv. STUART. 1 hope the Senator will allow
me to ask him a question.
Mr. IVERSON. Well, sir.
Mr. STUART. Accoiding to this bill, and
according to the report, I understand that an as-
* sistant surgeon must have been live years an as-
sistant, and must have seen two yeais' sen sei-
vice, in order to entitle him to an examination.
Mr. IVERSON. That is the fact.
Mr. STUART. Then how does it happen, as
the Senator supposes, that a man who is hqre in
Washington doing nothing gets promotion ? U !
might be in this very case that the two years'sea |
service that entitled him to the promotion was •
part of the very service which kept him abroad, '
and that without that he could not have been pro-
moted at all.
Mr. 1VER.SON. No, sir. If you will hear
the letter of the Secietaiy of the Navy on the
subject, and the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral, vou will perceive that at the time the law
gave him the right to Examination, he was enti-
tled to it m consequence of the services previously
performed by him. That is the fact. The com- |
mittee would not have reported it, if that had not 1
been the truth. The opinion of the Attorney I
General, who decided the question as to pay in i
this case, and the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, show that if ho had been here, ho would |
have been entitled to an examination at the time
this bill piopo^os th.it his pay shell commence.
He could not have been entitled to it, if he had
not served the five year*?. Lie had aciually served ,
the five years, and he had Iven two yeais at sea
anterior to that time. Afterwards, he was one or j
two yeais at sea in addition to the time requin d j
by law. Those are the facta. 1 feel no partial- ;
lar interest in the case.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator from Georgia |
is cleaily right. It seems to me the Senator from !
Michigan has piesented a very singular argument ;
in this ca^e. As ihe u-port of the Senator from !
Gcoigia shows, this man, under the law of the 1
United States, had a clear ncrht to promotion aftet
five years' service and two years at sea, but bomg i
Hbsent. being in the service of his country and on
duty, he was unable to avail himself of this ch'ar 1
legal right until lie returned. That is the way I ■
understand it. On his return he was examined, !
and received the appointment of surgeon. Now. \
it strikes me, that from the time when he was
clearly entitled to promotion as a surgeon until the
time when he was afterwards appointed, being
necessarily absent on duty, lie is entitled to the
pay of a surgeon.
i\ir.VjA YARD. M r. Pre s i d e n t, th e v ic w which
I take of this case is, that if a man enters into the
Army or Navy of the United States, he is equally
in the service of the country, whether he is ordered
abroad or remains at home; and if the Depart-
ments do their duty, I think we have 110 right to
censure a man for remaining at home; it is no
evident fault of his if the Departments do not
choose to order him abroad. But in the Army and
Navy, as well as in civil life, I suppose a man who
enters into the occupation, takes the exigencies of
the occupation which he enters into. He takes
his chance of success connected with it, all its
difficulties, with the embarrassments that may
arise in the course of his service. Whenever the
time arrives at which he is promoted, he is en-
titled to the increased pay. Until he is promoted,
I do not feel myself disposed to go back and give
him back-pay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 objected to the passage of
this bill, I remember, at the last session of Con-
gress; and I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to this fact, that there are #ree or four or five of
these cases.
Mr. 1VERSON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that he is mistaken. There are but
two of these cases, one for the relief of Suddards
and one for the relief of Howell.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the bill for the
relief of Carrington, an assistant surgeon ?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know. It is not
from my committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is from the Committee
on Naval A Hairs. A bill for the relief of Robert
Carter, assistant surgeon, is another. That makes
four, i do not know how ma'ny more there may
be. I want to call the attention of the Senate to
this point, that if we intend to allowassistant sur-
geons promotion at the end of five years' appoint-
ment and two years' sea service, let us pass a
general law to that effect; but the idea of taking
up the case of each assistant surgeon, one after
the other, and giving him back pay for a time
when he was not a surgeon, as if he had been a
surgeon during that time, is in reality repealing
the general law for the regulation of tho naval
service, and making exceptions of each officer as
ho comes up. If he is entitled to his full appoint-
ment as surgeon,after beingatsea two years and
having been in the Navy five years, let a bill be
reported from the Naval Committee to make that
the general rule. The idea that we are to pay a
man the full pay of a surgeon when he was only
an assistant surgeon, because, if he had been
home, and if he had passed an examination, lie
would have got the rank of surgeon, is, I agree
with the Senator from Michigan, going further
than the Senate ever yet has gone.
The bill was reported to the .Senate without
amondm cut-
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Shall the bill be engrossed and read the third
time r"
Air. IVERSON". I ask for the yeas and nays.
Let the question be settled.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi. HELL. I think the honorable Senators
who have objected to this bill, if they will exam-
ine the subject, w ill lind that Congiess has passed
several lulls precisely upon the same grounds.
Mr. BEMJAMIV. Only one.
Mr. BELL, ff I do not misremember, there
was not a dissenting voice m the Committee on i
Naval Affairs when the question was presented, j
It was befoie that committee, I am suie, more |
than once. The Senate will understand that the
pay of surgeons is im'teasei] by the length of time \
they are employed in i';e public service; and if an !
officer is not proinoi«d regularly at the time at :
which, by the goa- : al regulation, he may prop-
erly epply to be pi mooted, there is a loss of pay, .
a loss of the compensation to which he seems to I
ha\e a claim by insulations existing when he
enters the service. The honorable Senator from
Florida can state the question better to the satis-
faction af the Senate than I can, because he is
more familiar with the regulations on this subject. .
If an assistant surgeon be at sea, say upon a three
yeais' tour of service in the JPaciiic, or in the
Mediterranean, and during the interval ofhisab- :
sence the time occurs when, according to the reg- !
ulation and the law—these lobulations are laws— '
he would be entitled to promotion, then, by his ,
detention in the public service, by that accident '
to him, beyond his control, or under the orders 1
of the Navy Department, by reason of which he ,
is not at home to make his application for ex- |
animation to receive his promotion, hejoses the ;
compensation to which he is, by regulation, en-'
titled. It is not his fault; it is no negligence of I
his. - On the contrary, he is in the performance >
of his duty strictly. He cannot leave the public |
service. If he were to apply for it, he would not
be permitted to do it.
Mr. STUART. T hope the Senator will allow*
me to ask him a question. If I am correct, it is
not necessary that an assistant surgeon should
wait any particular time for his examination; but
the rule is the same in the Army and in the Navy.
He may have his examination when he chooses,
and if he passes that examination, then, when-
ever he has had two years of sea service, he is
entitled to promotion. But it is not necessary
that he should wait until the end of the five years
to have his examination.
Mr. BELL. I do not suppose if is, but I refer
to the Senator from Florida to know how the fact
is. I did not hgar the bill read, and I was not
attending to the reading of the report; but I know
we have relieved in one case, and X thought it was
upon a sound principle.
Mr. MALLORY. I partly agree with my
friend from Louisiana; but just such bills have
heretofore been passed by Congress without much
dissenting opinion, and the only reason for pass-
ing them, that I can conceive of, is this: The as-
sistant surgeon being entitled to his examination,
may be by possibility kept away, and preference
given to another who will obtain his examination,
and get rank and precedence over the one that is
kept away. It is interfering:, congressionally, to
protect the officer against Executive or depart-
mental favoritism, ltcannot by possibility be so
in the Aimy. It very rarely occurs that an offi-
cer does not pass this second examination. He
is examined first when he enters the service gen-
erally, and when he comes to the second examin-
ation it is very rare indeed that he docs not pass
it. Tile presumption always is that be will pass
it, and I can sec no way 111 which you can secure
the right of the officer to his rank, to precedence,
to that examination to which the law entitles him,
than by dating his rank and pay from the time
when lie is entitled to the examination. If you
do not do that, you place it m the power of those
who are in the Depaitment to keep A on the
coast of Africa, and bring B home, when exactly
the reverse should be the case, in regard to the
rights of the parties themselves. I send the law
to the Clerk, and ask him to read it.
The Secretary read the following sections of the
act of May 24,1828, u for the better organization
of the medical department of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States:"
" Be it emrte<L$'r.< That from ami aftei the passing of
ttud act, no pinion Mi all loeeive the appointment oiasMstant
simieon 111 the Navv of the United States unless he shall
have been examined and nppiovpd by a boaid of naval sur-
•p'ons, \\ ho tall !>■> dv'M'nuuc <1 for thai puipo.-e l>v the Sec-
li'tary "f t'.)<* \Tavy bepaiiment; and no pui^on shall leecive
tin1 appointment 01 mji ;con m the Navy of the United States
null) hi: --hail have -eived ah an a^i&tant s-ntceon at lea-it
two ye.u ■!, on Lontd a public vessel ol the United .States, at
sea, and unles-«, al-o. lie .-hall have been examined andap-
pr:i\ ed by a boatd of r-ur^eon - constituted as atoresmd.
'• ^e< . '2.  V?.cZ be U /intucrcnactcJ. That the I'rosidentof
the United s<iute* mav designate and appoint 10 every fleet
or>ijuadum an expeueiuvd and intelligent sau^eon, then
111 the naval -eivice ol the United Writes, to be denomin-
ated '• -uiirr on of the v\ bo -•hall be ^in^eon of the
-bip, and who. in addition fohi-i dune-- as >ueh, «hal[ ex-
amine .vnd appiovu all ie<puoiuon - for medina) and hospital
stores lot the lleet. and in^p.x t then uualitj ; .aid who shall,
m duficult ca^os, eon-u't uiih the surgeons ot the several
ships, and make iceoids ot the etiai'ieter and tieutment of
diM-a.-es, to he tian. muted in the Navy Depmtmrfnt; and
who, m addition to the compensation allow ed to siliceous
af sea.  'na!l be allowed ihrniile rations while acting as sur-
geon ol the Ueet, a< a'oi.'-.aul
k- ^ce. slnJ hp if f.n t ic-r cvrr </, That assistant surgeons
who • hall have bv>en com.'ij=.«ioned ]e«s than five } ears, shall
e-vh K'eeive tlurty doll.u a month, and two tation^a day;
altei fi\ e \ eai^' sei vn-e, they shall be entitled to an examina-
tion in a boaid of naval Mimeou?., con ^tituled a-3 aforesaid,
ami b.ivmj? been appioved and p:v -ed by such board, they
fhali eaeh loi eive an aduitioa ot fi\e dollars a month, and
one lauon a da\ : arid, after ten jears' Mtiivice, a further
addition ot' five dollur-j amont1', and one 1 at ion a day."
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate will perceive
that the suggestion thrown out by the Senator
from Michigan does not pertain. The officer is
entitled to his examination only after he shall
have seen five years' service, and not before; and
it is not in his power to go before a board of ex-
aminers at any time he may please, or may regard
himself as competent.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senator from Flor-
ida, if he is not compeilcd to go before a board
when the Secretary notifies him of the assembling
of a board.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly; he has no choice.
I concede that there may be an evil in these spe-
cial laws. I am perfectly willing that the Senate,
