1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
are well convinced of their accuracy. In this connection,
they would remark that they are corroborated by soundings
taken by several ship-masters of experience, whose vessels
have been detained inside and on the bar for some time, as
Well as by the pilots who accompanied the committee; and
their certificates are hereunto annexed, and made part of
this report.
Leaving Pass k l'Outre, the Anglo Saxon returned to the
Southwest Pass, via the river, and crossing the bar, the
committee had an opportunity afforded of making a recon-
noissance of the shipping outside, numbering nineteen sail
square-rigged vessels. Returning, they found the following
ships on the bar, and inside, outward bound; and their
names, the dates of their clearances, with particulars of
their "fcargoes, and the value thereof, are given below, for
more convenient reference, and the better information of
the Chamber.
Here follows a list of thirty-three vessels, with their car-
goes and their values, of which the following is a recapitu-
lation :
Cotton (bales) 71,985 at $60 00 $4,319,100
Tobacco (hogsheads) ... 3,337 at 150 00  500,550
Sugar (hogsheads)  2£77 at 75 00  170,755
Molasses (barrels')  1,575 at 12 00  18,900
Pork and beef (barrels)..11,309 at 18 00  203,562
Flour (barrels) 11,417 at 5 50  62,793
Lard and hams (tierces) 2,9*29 at 30 00.  87,870
Wheat (sacks)  3,789 at 1 00  3,789
Total..
. §5,367,339
New Orleans, February 4, 1859.
It will thus be seen that there is held in check, in conse-
quence of the impediments to navigation above referred to,
property worth nearly five and a half million dollars, the
interest on winch for a single day, at six per cent, per an-
num, amounts to about one thousand dollars. In this esti-
mate, no account is taken of the value of the ships, nor any
but the leading articles of produce ; nor of the cargoes of
the ships which have cleared and arc ready for sea, and
whose commanders deem it more prudent to remain at the
wharf until there is a prospect of getting over the bar with-
out difficulty, than to heat anchor inside, or aground on the
bar in the crowd of ships, and liable to damage. This is a
startling array of figures 5 in itself sufficient, in the opinion
of your committee, to arrest public attention, and cause the
most indifferent to reflect on the evils likely to arise from
such a derangement of the commerce of the city; and wljich
will end in the total ruin of our trade, and even our very
existence as the emporium ofthe Southwest, unless prompt
and energetic means arc adopted for the removal of these
obstructions.
Much has been said and written on tfie subject of the
railroads winch now tap the Mississippi river, and have
their termini on the Atlantic shore, and of the injury which
they wore likely to work to the trade of New Qileans, by
diverting the.produce ofthe great valley of the Mississippi,
from us nam nil outlet there, but these your committee have
road and listened to without the least feeling of alarm, hav-
ing an abiding confidence that the Mississippi river would
continue to he the great highway for the produce of the val-
ley which bears its* mime, and New Orleans the great depot
and point of exportation, so long as there was free commu-
nication with the Gulf of Mexico for vessels of the class re-
quired by the yearly increasing necessities of trade; but
they must confess that the spectacle which presented itself
to them at the bar gave rise to grave apprehensions whether
or not it would be possible to retain the trade of Orleans
and maintain its position as the greatest exporting city of
the Union, unless some measure of relief is speedily granted;
nor are the movements going on aiound us calculated to
allay these fears. Already rival cities, taking advantage of
our misfortunes, are putting forth their claims to a share of
the trade winch has heretofore been ours, and which, we
are constrained to admit, it needs no prophetic eyo to dis-
cern, must soon seek other channels unless these obstruc-
tions ate removed; for your committee do not doubt that
every facility will lie given by our rivals to those frequent-
ing this port and mart, which their own resources and all
the outside aid they can bring in, will command.
fn the list of property detained at the bar is comprised one
item of nearly seventy-two thousand balosof cotton. Some
of these outward-bound ships have been detained for .sev-
eral weeks, and it is nardly to be supposed that parties m
want of cotton will again send their orders to New Orleans
if there is the least likelihood of a similar delay m getting it
to mm kef, and it this community is not alive to us interest,
the now famous cotton mart of New Orleans will speedily
become a thing of the past. Again: the bills of exchange
drawn against the cargoes so detained, will, in all probabil-
ity, mature before the produce arrives, when, by all ordinary
calculations, k would have been at hand in time to meet
them ; and tins is another ramification of the evil which
may overtake us 111 tiie shape of a derangement of our mon-
etary affairs, consequent upon the difficulties which parties
may experience 111 raising funds to retire the same.
Of tiie value of the cargoes of the inward-bound ships
your committer have no data, but they think it may be safely
put down at $2,000,000. Many of these ships are laden
with goods destined for the West and the western trade, and
it requires but a slight effort of the imagination to picture
the loss and inconvenience which tiie owners have suffered
by having their goods detained until the proper season for
their sale is past. These, again, are not likely to order their
supplies to be shipped vu; New Orleans until they have the
assurance that these impediments to the navigation have
been permanently removed. In looking at the question from
this point of view, we can see that the interest of the con-
sumer, although apparently remote, is actually near and
positive. So large an amount of goods being kept out of
market must necessarily enhance the value ol those on the"
spot, and he therefore has to contribute his quota ot the loss
by the advanced prices which he has to pay for the at tides
of import which he requires; in short, a volume might be
written, were your committee to follow the evil through all
its ramifications, and they could show that not only the
mercantile and trading community generally, but the under-
writer*, at home and abroad; whose risks are rendered
doubly hazardous by these impediments to navigation, and
the consequent extraordinary exertions necessary in drag-
ging ships over the bar, and the northern and eastern ship-
owners, whose property is rendered unproductive for the
time, and worn and torn to no purpose, are all deeply inter-
ested 111 the removal of the evils complained of; but they
trust that enough has already been said to awaken an inter-
est in the minds of the people generally, which will know no
rest until they come forward as one man to memorialize the
General Government on the subject of these obstructions to
our navigation, which are tantamount to a blockade of the
port and an embargo on our commerce—call upon it for an
appropriation to relieve us at once, and permanently, from
further loss and inconvenience from this cause, and grant
us such other relief in the premises as may be deemed com-
mensurate with the importance of our position and the mag-
nitude of the interests involved.
That relief is practicable, and that a depth of water can
be maintained on the bar sufficient for the requirements of
trade—say eighteen to twenty feet—is notdoubted ; indeed,
it is abundantly proved by the experience of the past, and
is confidently asserted by our engineer in his able report;
and although it may not appear to the Chamber that the
resolution calling for the appointment of this committee re-
quires that they should make any recommendations or sug-
gestions touching the means to be employed m effecting
this end ; nevertheless, acting as they do, under the refer-
ence made to them of the communication of the board of
underwriters; and moreover, having had referred to them
the several propositions made to the Chamber for the deep-
ening and clearing out of the channel, they may, without
stepping beyond their province, press upon the Chamber the
propriety of adopting the plan proposed by Captain Duncan,
for the reason that the present is not the time to adopt new
theories, or test experiments. The condition of things at
the bar, as shown above, threatens the entne prostration of
the commerce of the port, and requires the adoption of a
plan of acknowledged utility, such as that proposed by Mr.
Duncan, immediate relief being the paramount considera-
tion. In making this recommendation, your committee
have no motives except those set forth above, and they dep-
recate the idea of throwing discredit on any of the other
plans proposed, some of which are novel and ingenious,
and backed by men of considerable scientific attainments;
and when once the fleet of ships now detained has been re-
lieved, it may become a question whether or not some of
the other plans proposed should not be tried, if necessary.
[n conclusion, your committee would remark, that dur-
ing their visit to the bar they found that ships were occa-
sionally got out and in, partly by the aid of the swell brought
on the bar by the prevalence of southeast and southwest
winds, and more particularly by the almost herculean ef-
forts put forth by the Tow-boat Company, of winch they had
ample pi oof, and to which theybeai willing testimony; but
the average amount of tonnage detained did not vaiy ma-
terially from day to day dunng their stay. All of which is
respectfully submitted by
WILLIAM CREfiVY,
THOMAS L \V I HHAY,
JOIINMI MURISON,
Gi'iOIlGE A. FOSOICK,
P. II. SKIP WITH.
Report of Pilots.
South West Pass, Feb. nary 4, 1859.
The undersigned, pilots having been requested by a com-
mittee of the Chamber ot Commerce of New Orleans, to
accompany them on a survey of the passes leading fiom the
mouth of the Mississippi river to the Gulf of Mexico, hereby
certify :
That they accompanied said committee 011 board of the
tow-boat Anglo-Saxon, Captain Grant, taking chdige, al-
ternately, of said boat, and directing her course through the
deepest channel-water; that they witnessed the soundings
made under the ducctum of the committee and Captain J.
K. Duncan, chief engineer, and are satisfied that said sound-
ings were made with all possible accuracy. High tide being
at seven and a half o'clock, p. m., the wind being from W.
S.W.,and highly tavoiable for high water. We furthermore
certify that the greatest depth of water found on the bar
was fifteen feet; the distance over which the shoal water,
or fifteen feet, extends, is from one half to three quarters of
a mile; date of soundings above referred to was on Febru-
ary 2, and the time of finishing soundings was at five and a
half o'clock, p. in., say two hours before flood tide, or high
water. On the morning of the 3d, further soundings were
taken, at ebb tide, and we certify that the greatest depth of
water then found on the shoals, or bar, was thirteen feet.
When these soundings were taken, there was a fresh breeze
from the northwest. Proceeding from thence lound to Pass
& l'Outre, by sea, still accompanied by said committee and
their engineer,fuither observations were made,and sound-
ings taken, both inward trom sea, and outward to sea, and
that the gieatest depth of water found 111 mid-clmnnel, be-
tween the spar buoy and the light-house, was thirteen feet.
Tins shoal water extends about half a mile, and the sound-
ings referred to were finished at dark. High water being
at eight and a half o'clock, p. m. Soundings were resumed
on the morning of the 4th, at seven o'clock, a. m., at ebb
tide, and wc certify that the greatest depth of water then
found on the pass was twelve feet. Throughout all these
soundings, we certify that we directed the course of the
boat into the best channel, and through the deepest water,
known to us.
AMOS TOWNE,
for Pilots' ^Association.
GEORGE CiilSM,
for Opposition Pilots.
Report of Civil Engineer.
Nnw Orleans, Louisiana, February 16, 1859.
Gentlemen : Agreeably to your instructions of the 31st
ultimo, 1 have the honor to submit to you the following re-
port upon the condition of the Southwest Pass and Pass &
rOufre, their obstruction by tidal bars, the origin ofthe
formation of these bars, and upon the proper, practical
method of opening and keeping open these passes for the 1
purposes of navigation. A brief historical sketch of the sur-
veys of the delta, and the efforts heretofore made to remove
the obstructions from the natural channels of the passes,
are necessarily involved in this report.
The first definite data upon the delta of the Mississippi,
and the first correct soundings, maps, and charts, were fur-
nished by the survey of Captain Taleott, made under the
General Government, m 1838, at the suggestion ot the i pe-
cial board of engmeer.s for improving the entrance of the
Mississippi river. No steps towards the impcovementof the
tidal bars,nor further surveys ofthe passes were made until
the years 3851 and 1852, when a triangulated survey, witH
correct soundings and charts, was made under the direction
ofthe Coast Survey department ofthe United States. These
two surveys being entirely reliable, they must necessarily
form the basis of all correct deductions made upon the prob-
lems ofthe outward progress and extension of udal bars and
of the land, and of the changeable, variable nature of the
middle ground and shoals, and of their accompanying false
currents and channels. Tl?e trace of the land and bar limits
having been determined by careful instrumental triangula-
tion 111 both surveys, it follows that any difference between
them is due to the outward tendency of the land and the
bars. From a careful comparison of the two, it has been
determined that this outward progress has been at the rate
of one mile m fifteen year©, or three hundred and fifty-two
feet in a year. For instance, in 1838, the middle ground,
on which the light-house at Pass &. l'Outre is situated now,
was then submerged and indicated as shoal water, with a
depth of six feet at ordinary ebb tide. The land has formed
there since, and extends from a mile and a quarter to a mile
and a half, and the long sweep of flats beyond extend into
the sea for a mile further, and ure exposed at low tide. Sim-
ilar progress has been shown at the Bahze, and at all ofthe
mouths of the delta Now, if we consider the deep waters of
the Gulf to average only thirty-six feet in depth, and take the
tidal bar at the mean of fourteen feet, this extension gives
us the enormous deposit of twelve million cubic yards within
the bar limits of the Southwest Pass, and about eight mil-
lion cubic yards on the bar of Pass I'Ouue, in a single
year; and this, without estimating the amount thrown upon
the other passes or that which is carried beyond the bars
into the sea.
The original source and the initial cause of the removal
of this immense amount of material, are the primary ques-
tions claiming our consideration. The Mississippi river ia
at present m a state of nature, and for want of due atten-
tion, has been suffered to expand too much, both in its or-
dinary channel, and more particularly in the several outlets
of the delta. The sides being universally softer than the
bottom, the current has operated there, because it could not
penetrate the tough clay bed ofthe river, and it has by that
means gained m breadth what it is wanting in depth. This
is moie particularly the case in stages of high water and
sptmg freshets. These yielding, caving banks, which fall
into the river in its long sweep through an alluvial country,
are held in sus-pension in the bosom of the stream, and are
drifted outward by the current to the sea. The currents of
rivers are peculiar and variable. Some of the rivers in South
AniPuca and New Granada have their counter currents, and
boats borne by the force of these opposite currents alone
are made to pass each other in opposite directions. This is
one ofthe extreme cases; but the Mississippi, too, has its
peculiarity in currents quite as singular, and almost en-
tirely its own. For it has been demonstrated by a series of
caretul experiments, that the general law of currents—that
is, that ihe cunent decreases in velocity towards the bottom
ofthe river—does not obtain in the main upper channel for
some considerable distance above the head of the passes.
But, as the head of the passes is approached where the vast
waters of the river are diffused through the several chan-
nels ofthe delta, the normal law again becomes operative.
From experiments made by a board of United States corps
of engineer1?, m 1852, this decrease in the under cunents
was found to be at the bar in about the following ratio: the
surface current being about three miles, the middle current
was two and a half miles, and the bottom current one and
three quarter mile, per hour; or,the proportions of twelve,
ten, and seven, respectively. From all of which it follows
that the origin of the tidal bar formation is the impact of
this sluggish under current with the compatattvely still
waters of the Gulf; which, retarding the under currents still
more, produces a tendency to equilibrium m which the sed-
iment 111 suspension is silently and lapidly deposited. In
fact, it has been clearly demonstrated, in many instances,
that any check to the current of the sedimentary stream
will produce a deposit of the sediment proportional to the
degree of retardation, and that where sedimentary waters
become entirely quiescent, they soon completely purify
themselves, and become limpid.
There are, doub^ess, many changes made in the depos-
its near the mouths of the river, by along-shore currents
and by wind and waves, winch remove the materials from
one place, and bank them up in another ; and the genera-
tion of the sand banks within the entrance, with the false
channels which accompany them, are mainly due to tidal
action. Another peculiarity materially affecting the form-
ation of the bars is the u mud lumps."
These singular tumuli are constantly rHgg and subsiding
on the long sweep of flats, tidal bars, and low lands around
the several mouths. Their generation is most frequent at
the annual spring floods or high water, at which time also the
bars are in their worst condition. When the river is low and
comparatively free from sediment, many ofthe mud lumps
subside, and the bars themselves naturally improve, because
the active origin of their formation has in a great measure
ceased fiom the greater stability of the upper river banks.
It would appear from this that the origin ofthe mud lumps
is in some way intimately connected with the rise m the
river, but various theories of their formation have been ad-
vanced by eminent geologists and scientific men. Lyell re-
gards them as due to the existence of accumulated vegeta-
ble matters in the bars^-which, decomposing in the course
of time, generates large quantities of gaseous matter. In
escaping from their confinement beneath the muddy deposit,
these gases exert an effort to throw up the mud; and the
action being continuous and accumulative, the detritus of
the bans finally raised above the surface ofthe water, where
it is exposed to the aetion ofthe wind, sun, rain, and waves.
