1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1597
The tendency of the mud to crack, disintegrate, and slide, on
exposure to the above causes produces the fissures in their
tops and the semblance of volcanic action peculiar to them.
Forshey, on the other hand, considers their formation to be
due to a subterranean connection between them ar,d dis-
tant salt springs in the interior of the country, his thpory
being m part based upon the character and temperature of
the water thrown out from their craters, which is extremely
salt, and coider than that of the surioundingsea. Other the-
ories assign their origin to the action of the river cuirent or
of the Gulf waves striking against an out-cropping soluble
stratum in the submerged bar, which, yielding to the con-
tinued action, is forced up above the surface.
The height of the waves above the ordinary level gives, of
the two, the sea-wave theory the preference over that of
the current action, as it accounts for the raising of the mud
lump above the surface, on the common spring theory that
water seeks its own level, undVill rise out of a fissure to a
height equaling that of its fountain head. Whatever may.
be the real pi unary cause of their formation, it is sufficient
for our purposes to know that they invariably precede, and
very materially assist, in the formation of the bar and the
outward progress of the land, by forming barriers or lodg-
ments against which the deposition of the materials held in
suspension aie rapidly accumulated. These deposits, con-
stituting the tidal bars, do not form an abrupt traverse bar-
rier of limited width, but extend over the whole entiarico
area of the Southwest Pas?, for about a mile and a half in
the direction of the stream, or from the outer spar buoys to
a point about one eighth of a nnle above the inner can buoy,
whereat the natural channel becomes spacious and of a suf-
ficient depth.
The bar of Pass & I'Outre has an area likewise of about
a mile in length in the direction of the stream, or from the
outer spar buoy up to a point a short distance below the
light-house, where the natural channel opens our similarly,
with sufficient depth for the class of merchantmen com-
monly visiting our waters.
In attempting to coirectan evil, we natuially endeavor to
remove the causes of its origin arid geneiation. The cohe-
sion at the bottom, and the yielding of the upper river banks,
being the causes to which the tidal bais are due, it is evi-
dent, in this case, that we cannot attack the source whence
the materials aie derived, as theie would be too much cost
involved in any system of gioinnig or defending the banks,
ft, therefore, becomes necessary tor u<< to devisp direct
means for removing the obstructions themselves. It is
furthermore evident, that, as the yielding of th'e banks is
constant, any mums employed to lemovc the obstructions
from the passes must likewise he constant; for otherwise
the good effected at one period would be gradually impaired,
and the obstruction would by ultimately repeated when-
ever the high waters brought down their heavy suspension
deposits.
Many theories have been advanced and many practical
efforts have been made for the removal of tidal bars from
navigable, sedimentary streams, flowing into a basin subject
to arise and fall of tide, but without any peieeptible current.
The first attempt at improvement on the passes of the Mis-
sissippi was made by the General Government, under the
direction of Captain Talcott, in 1839. The means he em-
ployed were the ordinaiy bucket dredge, which it appears
signally failed, even under the. auspices of an intelligent,
practical agentofGovernnient. Captain Talcott entertained
the opinion, however, that dredging machinery might be
made effective on the bars, if tried on the same principles
but under more favorable circumstance*. AN further efforts
were abandoned until 1852, when the Geneial Government
entered into a contiact with the Tow-boat Association to
open the passes, which contract was completed and work
effectively done in twelve months. The means employed
„by the Association were the ordinary diedge arrow and
scraper, which, within the«tiine called for by the contract,
succeeded beyond the expectations of everyone in opening
a channel eighteen feet deep by over three hundred feet in
width, over a bar averaging fourteen feet in depth. The
distance between the pumaiy and secondary bases at the
time, or from the eighteen feet depth outride to the eighteen
feet depth inside, was one and a half mile, just about what
it is at present.
The same means have been employed with the like suc-
cess on the bars of several of the sedimentaiy streams m
England. No further steps being taken to keep open the
Southwest Pa>s, after the completion of the contract of the
Tow-boat Association, and the causes of the formation of the
bar continuing to act, it of course became, m a short time,
as impracticable to navigation a* ever. In consequence, in
18<>6 «i contract whs entered into between the United States
and Messrs. Ciatg & Righter, to open a stiaight channel of
three hundred feetwmeat bottom and twenty feet deep
through the bar of the South we>t Pa^s, and a similar channel
through the bar'of the Pass & I'Outre. which woik wa< to
have been completed in ten months. From the date of their
completion, they furthermoie contracted to keep both of
these passes open for a period of four and a half years. The
contract was subsequently modified to read eighteen feet
instead of twenty feet in depth, and additional time was al-
lowed the contractors for opening the pas>es. The means
stipulated for, were to close up the minor pa^se^. and to
throw out uMeig dams15 as jetties into the main channels,
and by concentrating the water in this manner, to make the
curient do the bottom cutting and scounng.
These il Meigdams" are patented, and consist of a single
row of heavy piling driven at distances of about five feet
apart, with intervals filled up with four inch planking driven
in juxtaposition, and secuied above the surface by string
pieces, to which the heads of the sheet piling are spiked.
This same principle of deepening channels, by concentrat-
ing the water, has been successfully applied in many in-
stance* ; af ut the Clyde improvement*, (Scotland,) where
parallel dykes, made of piling and crib-work, filled m with
stone, was found admirably to effect its object, it was done
on a large scale, however, and at an enormous cost. There
can b-? no doubt of the piactical success of the Moig dam
when applied to <-mall streams, but it is totally inadequate
to legist the unghtv rush of the Mississippi, either on the
tidal bars or at anv other point on the lower liver. The
sweeping away of the Plaquemines bieakwater-^a work of
some strength and magnitude—and the damage done to
heavy pile jetties, filled in with earth and foscines, as they
were extended in attempts to close crevasses, will convince
any one that a single row of piling, five sixths of it sheet
piling, will not resist the force of the river current. From
its application, this frail single row of piling is supposed to
be made of sufficient strength and weight to bear, without
injury, any shock it may receive'from either the dinamic
force of the river current, or from the waves of the Gulf.
The velocity of sea waves depends upon their length.
Waves that are from three to four hundred feet in length,
whether they are five or twenty-five feet iu total height,
have been demonstrated to travel with a velocity of twenty
to twenty-seven and a half miles in an hour; and this velo-
city alone, should they become primary waves of transla-
tion, gives them a great percussive force.
From observations made at Bell Rock and Sksrrymore
light-houses, it appears that the waves of the German ocean
struck against the one with a force of one and a half ton
per square foot, whilst those of the Atlantic ocean struck
against the other with a force of three tons per square foot.
The " Souffleur," at the Mauritius, has been known to raise
a column of water equivalent to a pressure of from three to
five tons per square foot. This action is exerted at the bot-
tom, as well as at the surface, as has been shown in several
cases in attempting to recover the treasure of wrecks; and
it is not necessary that the storm should arise m the imme-
diate vicinity of the work, as the storm creating the waves
,may have been hundreds of miles distant. In fact, it is
more than probable that the tropical hurricanes in the Ca-
ribbeaiusea and along the southern shores of the Gulf of
Mexicd^will send storm waves hi a ground swell to the
mouths of the delta. This Meig dam piling was, of course,
incapable of withstanding this great dynamic force exerted
laterally, and, as might have been expected, hundreds of feet
of it were swept away at a time, even while the work was
in progress. Patches and remnants of it, here and there, in
a more or less damaged condition, stand as a monument to
attest its impracticability.
Both at the Southwest Pass and at Pass & I'Outre this
piling was all dnVen on the low flats, where it was never
subjected to the force of the current; from which it follows
that its principle, that of concentrating the water and scour-
ing the bottom, was never applied, nor its virtues brought
out; and I, therefore, am of the opinion that the piling at
the Southwest Pass, originally a little over five thousand
feet; and that at Pass & I'Outre, from five to six hundred
feet, never produced the least effects upon the waters of
these passes, either for good or evil. The contractors them-
selves, finding that their system proved a failure, had re-
course to other means, and attempted to remove the ob-
structions from the passes by submarine blasting. This
method of removing obstructions from navigable waters has
fiequently proved successful. As it was found that the
ordinary dredging machines had not sufficient stability to
overcome the hard clay or marl, forming the bed of the river
Newiy, submarine blasting was practiced instead, by making
holes m the clay with boring lions of the required depth to
receive a cartridge of three or four pounds of powder, and
a fuse was then attached, The hole was then carefully
tamped, and when- the tide rose the fuses were lighted. The
loosened material was subsequently removed by dredging
machines. The time and labor expended in this case m
boring holes for the cartridges and tamping was entirely
useless, as it has been frequently proved that the subma-
rine blast is very nearly as effective, when the charge is
simply laid on the bottom. Large canisters of powder, laid
in tins way directly upon the rock forming the bottom of
the Hell Gate Pass m the East river, and ignited by wires
fiom a galvanic battery, were very successful in removing
the impediments to the navigation. It is evident, however,
that suhniaime blasting, to be effective, must have some
solid nmtenal, like marl or rock, to act upon, and which will
offer a firm lesistance; for, in military engineering, storm-
ing parties commonly blow down the heavy doors of forti-
fications, by simply hanging on a nail in ihe door a leather
bag filled with powder, and igniting it with a fuse. If we
suppose the door leplaced, by a piece of carpeting, for in-
stance. it is plain that it would yield, and no effect would
be produced upon it. The same effect, only lessened in
degree, will prevail on the bars, where the soft mud over-
laid with sund would yield readily to the blast; hence I
consider it extremely doubtful if a submarine blasting can
be Used on the bais to any advantage.
The question then arises, what is the best method of
deepening the channels of the principal passes, and of ef-
fectual!} keeping them open, ^ all seasons, to a depth suf-
ficient for free and easy navigation?
Before answering this, it h necessary for us to know the j
character and composition of the bottom, and to have full I
and complete soundings of the deepest channels, and gen- I
erullvofall the inner futrance within the limits of the tidal
bais. From the results of some veiy interesting borings
made in 1652, by the Board of United States engmeeis be-
fore leferred to. the several strata composing the bars were
found to lie in the order, and to be composed of the mate-
rials mentioned, as follows : 1. A layer of gelatinous mud,
six inches in depth. 2. A layer of batture, or other sand,
one loot in depth. 3. A layer of from three to four feet of
mixed sand and mud, more or less dense. 4. A layer of
clay or .sand of vanable thickness. The soundings made
upon the tidal bars ol both passes, at the time of our recent
viMt, weie made with the strictest care, both at flood and
ebb tnle^. The tow-boat pla'ced at the disposition of the
committee, by the Tow-boat Association, very materially
assisted us in om operations.
The channel soundings were made through the channel
designated byMr Towne, (delegated by the regular associa-
tion of pilots,) and by Mr. Chimin, (delegated on the part of
the opposition pilot association.) alternately ; and as the at-
tention of these gentlemen was called to the fact that the
credit and reputation of their associations were dependent
upon their accuiaev, there can be but little doubt that the
veiy deepest water known to each association was selected
by them severally. In fact, from the great coincidence in
their courses, and from the subsequent cross-soundings
made under my own direction, I am convinced that the very
best water was selected and sounded in both of the passes.
The lines used in sounding were marked by myself before
they weie thrown, and I invoriablv had them remeasured
again after coming out of the water, to check upon any ex-
pansion or contraction from wetting. The sounding craft
was made to move at a moderate rate against the current,
under which circumstances all of the soundings were made.
In the accompanying tables the soundings made at flood
tide are all reduced to the beach-mark of ordinary low water,
which has been found,from the multiplicity of tidal observ-
ations heretofore made upon the bare, to be nearly, or quite,
coincident with the surface of mean tide in calm weather.
The soundings laid down on the maps of the Southwest
Pass from the inner can buoy to and along the Meig-dam,
are necessarily greater than they should be; as it has beeiv
found that when the wind blows diagonally across the river,
overa long reach, the waters on the other side are forced
up to an increased depth of from six inches to one foot. As
there was a high northwest wind at the time, the soundings
referred to are probably greater than they should be, by a
foot or six inches.
From these statements we deduce two very important
facts, as starting points, namely: 1. That the average depth
of the tidal bar of the Southwest Pass is 13.6 feet; and that
the average depth of the bar at Pass & I'Outre is 12,8 feet.
The length of the former is one and a half mile, and the
length of the latter is one mile. 2. That, in deepening
these channels to twenty feet, it will be necessary to re-
move 6.4 feet of gelatinous mud, water-compressed batture
sand, soft mud and sand mixed.
Now, to open a straight channel of three hundred feet
wide through this bar, by the ordinary dredging machines,
would require the removal, atnhe Southwest £ass, of five
hundred and forty-six thousand cubic yards of the above
material, and the removal of three hundred and fifty-two
thousand cubic yards from the bar of Pass & I 'Outre. To re-
move this, at the rate of four thousand cubic yards per week,
would require the services of a first class dredge boat and
machinery for two and a half years on the former, and for
one and a half year on the latter. In this calculation X
have thrown out all stoppages, breakage of machinery,
shifting of anchors, &c., which will frequently occur in
practice; besides, as there is no provision made for the im-
mense amount of sediment constantly depositing while the
work is in progress, and which is rather increased by the
character of the excavation, the impracticability of ordi-
nary dredging machines on the tidal bars at the passes is at
once apparent, and the causes of Captain Taleott's failure
in their use in 1839 are readily accounted for. Anything
which has a tendency to divert the surface current to the
bottom, or which increases the under currents and agitates
the sediment, may be considered as exerting a beneficial
influence on the passes. Even a ship lodged upon the bar,
from the shape of her sides, naturally increases the under-
currents, and consequently they have been known, after a
considerable tm\e, it is true, to slowly but.gradually work
themselves out to sea.
Many theories have been and are still advanced for the
removal of the bars and the improvement of the principal
passes of the Mississippi river. Hut the time for experiments
and for theorizing has gone by, and the necessities of the
case now demand prompt and decisive action. This action
must be guided by intelligence, and it must be immediate in
its application. For, if New Orleans is to continue the great
commercial emporium of the South and of the broad West,
the obstruction to her commerce at the mouths of the river
must be removed at once. As dredging machinery has failed
under the most favorable auspices, and as the principle of
concentration by piling has proved itself impracticable, my
decided opinion is that the simplest plan is the best; and
that the most intelligent, practical, common-sense method
—one that has more natural reasous and scientific facts to
back and favor it, is the ordinary heavy dredge harrow and
scraper. This method has already been applied to the South-
west Pass, and its operations were then crowned with sig-
nal success. This alone should indicate its adoption now,
even if there were no stronger reasons in its favor.
The harrow should be triangular in shape, and of a width
equaling that of the boat used. Its fiame should be made
of twelve by twelve-inch timbers, with wrought iron teeth
projecting through them three feet. The teeth should be
squaro in section, and of three by three-inch iron, set in the
frame, with their angles towards the line of motion. The
scrapers should be made of heavy boiler iron, securely at-
tached to the line of rear teeth, one project below them, at
least six inches, and terminate in a blunt bevil edge. The
whole should be so rigged that it can be raised at will by
means of a pulley lift applied at its center, with the drum
on the engine shafting, and the pulley ropes properly ad-
justed by snatch blocks. On certain points of the bar, and
at certain stages of the water, it will be found necessary to
load this harrow, when it is evident that considerable
power will be required to drag it, on the same principle
upon which the weight of ships* anchors are made propor-
tional to their tonnage. We will consequently require, in
our operations, a low pressure tug steamer, with double
engines, of the medium class, No. I.
In applying this system to practice, we should select, a?
the seat of operations, that portion of the bars whereat
there is now likely to be the greatest depth of water, and
consequently of velocity in the currents. A perfectly straight
channel, fully three hundred feet in width at the bottom,
should then be marked out by temporary buoys placed at
short distances apart on both sides of the channel at which
it is proposed to work. The harrowing andserapingshould
invariably commence at the head of the channel so marked,
and thence work out towards the sea. There, lifting the
harrow and scraper entirely out of the water, the boat should
again return to the head of the channel, and then lowering
the harrow and the scraper, the same thing should be re-
peated over and over, day and night, until a sufficient depth
of water is obtained. This work would be greatly facili-
tated by commencing operations on either pass when the
river is low, as the water is then fieerfrom sediment and
has a natural tendency to cut its own way through the bars.
From tb* character of the material constituting the bars,
and from the causes of their formation, I am perfectly sat-
isfied that complete success would attend these measures
.if they are properly and faithfully executed ; and that the
marked channel would be opened to a depth of twenty
feet in from three to six months. We might aid in the pros-
ecution of this work also by extending out wings with
