1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6ft.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary ©f
the Interior to issue a land .warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acrcs of land, to'be located pursu-
ant to the provisions of an act of Congress ap-
proved February 11,1847, to William Yearwood,
sr., father of William Yearwood, jr., first lieu-
"tenant in Captain Lowry's company of thesccond
regiment of Tennessee volunteers, in the Mexican
war, who was wounded in the battle of Cerro
Gordo, and who d ied of his wounds in April, 1847,
leaving neither wife nor children.
• Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The bill suffi-
ciently explains itself. I hope the House will
put it upon its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I suppose there is
no objection to the passage of the bill. 33y the
act of 1847, granting bounty land to the officers
and soldiers of the Mexican war, we gave bounty
land to the non-commissioned officers, privates,
and musicians, and their relatives, but not to the
commissioned officers. This William Yearwood,
jr., was a first lieutenant in the second regiment
of Tennessee volunteers. He was in the battle
of Cerro Gordo, and fought bravely, and* was
mortally wounded in that battle. He died of his
wounds a few days after. His father claims bounty
land for-the service of Ins son. The committee is
of the unanimous opinion that this is a meritorious
case, and that the gratuity ought to be awarded
to the father. I,move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to put- these
bills on their passage without going to a Com-
mittee of the whole Iiouse?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so. There
is no appropriation in the bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask whether that bill docs
not introduce an entirely now principle? I ask
whether there ever was a grant of this kind be-
fore? In this case the soldier had no wife and no
child* and the father comes in and claims his
land. Has there ever been a case of this kind?
Mr. COBB. If this man had been a private
soldier, his father would have been, under the act,
entitled to bounty land; but, as he was an officer,
his father cannot get it, because officers were not
provided for in that act. But afterwards, a sub-
sequent act provided for them, and the officers
got the bounty land. I think this is a fair case,
and ought to pass.
The main question was ordered ; and under the
operation of the previous question the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and, being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the votu by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed the bill of the House
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending 30th June,
1860, with sundry amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. GARNETT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be <iis-
cluuged tiom the futther consideration of the following
casca of application for bounty land, anil that the same bu
laid on tile table :
The memoiial of Tillotson Munger, Lewis Pcidy, and
foil)7 othcrt-, oi Miciiiuan, olQccrs and soldiers of Die Black
Hawk warth<j memorial of John Coulter and fivf1 others,
of Ohio ; the tnemonai of Antoine de Little ; and the me-
nionnl of Lois ttlodg^lt, heir of Alba Blodgett, deceased.
CHA.NGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Air. BENNETT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
eharord finm tfic further consideration of a bill (S. No.
389) providing for the allotment of land to ceitam New
Yoik Indians and Joj nrhei puiposes; and that the same
be referied to the Committee on Indian Affans.
J. C. FCRRY.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the re-
lief of J. C. Ferry, lbi cturying tfce mad, for one
quarter, from Pittsburg to Franklin*, which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
THOMAS LIVINGSTON*
Mr. DAYIS, of Iowa, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Liv-
ingston and his securities; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage. It explains itself.
The bill was read. It directs th« Postmaster
General to release Thomas Livingston and his
securities from the further performance of his
contract for carrying the mail on route 10527, from
Plattsburg to Maysville, in the State of Missouri,
said contract having been.entered into by error
and mistake of said Thomas Livingston..
The report was read. It appears from it that
Livingston being an ignorant and illiterate person,
employed another person to draw up his bid for
carrying the mail on this route for $270 per an-
num, intending not to carry the mail between^
Plattsburg and Maysville, but between Plattsburg
and Stewartsville.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read
a third time; and IMng engrossed ♦ it was accord-
ing read the third time, and passed.
CONFIRMED PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
M.r. BLAIR, from tha* Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back a bill declaratory of
the meaning of a clause contained in the second
section of the act entitled " An act to provide for
the location of certain confirmed private land
claims in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
p0SPS,,J approved January 2, 18. 8; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
with the report, ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back, with sundry amendments, an act (S. No.
279) for the final adjustment of private land claims
m the States of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Missoui i, and for other purposes; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the amendments and report, ordeied to be
printed.
HENRY R. SCHOOLCRAFT.
Mr. RUSSELL, fi otn the Committre on Indian
Affairs, icportcd a bill for the relief of Henry R.
Schoolcraft; which was read a first and second
time.  
Mr. RUSSELL. I ask to have the bill put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to cause a patent to issue, securing to
Mrs. Henry R. {Schoolcraft, to her heirs, assigns,
and legal representatives, the exclusive right to
publish the book entitled ''History, Statistic*,
Condition, and Prospucts of the Indian Tribes of
the United States," heretofore published under or-
der of Congress, and to make and publish any
abridgment or compilation thereof for the term of
fourteen years from the passage of this act: and he
is further required to transfer and deliver to said
Mrs. Schoolcraft all the plates, the propei ty of
the United States, used in tile printing and illustra-
tion of said book; provided, that the same be ac-
cepted in full satisfaction of all manner of claim
fur compensation for work, tune, or money ex-
pended m the collection of materials for said book
by Henry R. Schoolcraft.
; Mr. JONES,,of Tennensee. I move to amend,
j by striking out the word " patent," and inserting
[ " copy-right."
I Mr. McClUEEN. I understand that the bill
! has passed the Senate: and if we adopt that
amendment the bill will have to go back.
The SPEAKER. This bill has not passed the
Senate. It is a House bill.
Mr. McQJJEEN. A bill for the same purpose
has passed the Senate.
Mr. RUSSELL. Both bills are the same in
all rcspects. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
whether the Seriate bill is on the Speaker's table?
Mr. McQUEEN. If it be, I move that the
bill bo taken up and passed m lieu of the House
bill.
The Senate bill is not on the
The SPEAKER.
Speaker's table.
Mr. G1DDINGS.
taking up this bill ?
The SPEAKER.
Is it too late to object to
The Chair thinks that an i
objection would not be available. j
'Mr. GIDDlNGS.t I protest against the prac-
tice of taking up and passing bills when they are !
reported, and passing over all the cases, that are
on the Calendar. ' ' ,. - , *
The SPEAKER. The question isfirst.onthe
amendment. '
Mr. NICfiOLS. I would like to have .the. re-
port read, if there be one. I want to know some-
thing about the value of the plates, and what they
cost the Government.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The plates are worth
nothing to anybody but her.
Mr. McQ.TJEEN. I shall state, for the inform-
ation of the gentleman from Ohio, that the Gov-
ernment will publish no more copies of this book.
The plates will be thrown away, and will be of no
use to any one but Mrs. Schoolcraft. She only
asks that the-plates may be transferred to hqr. ,
Mr. NICHOLS. Well, if it be only the trans-
fer of the plates, I have no objection; for that will
make it certain that the Government will publish
no more of this work. I think that will be bene-
ficial.
The question was taken on Mr. JouEs'samend;-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. Mc&UEEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX moved to amend the title of
the bill, so as to make it read "A bill for the
relief of Mrs. Henry R. Schoolcraft."
The amendment was agreed to.
JOSEPH E. JOHNSON.
Mr. LEITER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph E.
Johnson, administrator on the estate of Almon
W. Babbitt, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN JOHNSON.
Mr. LEITEIl also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of John Johnson, of
Ohio; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. LEITER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill providing for the examination of
claims for Indian depredations in the Territory
of New Mexico; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee'of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
ISRAEL JOHNSON.
Mr. COLFAX,.from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to compensate Israel Johnson for
services performed, by direction of the Indian
airent, at the treaty ground at the Forks of the.
Wabash, in 1833; which was read a first and
second time, leferred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JULIUS MARTIN.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am instructed by the
Committee 011 Indian Affairs to move that they
be discharged fiom the further consideration of
the petition of Julius Martin, of California, and
that the same be laid upon the table. I will state
that the case has been before the Committee on
Military Affairs, who have reported a bill.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL CRAIG.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have been instructed
unanimously by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to report back, with a recommendation that
it be put upon its immediate passage, a bill (H.
R. No. 764) to provide for the settlement of the
accounts of®the late Lieutenant Colonel Lewis S.
Craig, for tkjs services in command of the mili-
tary escortJ11 the Mexican boundary commis-
sion .
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior,
in the settlement of the accounts of the late Lieu-
tenant Colonel Lewis S. Craig, to grant to his
legal representative the same allowance for his
personal expenses as was made to other officers
of the Army of his grade in the said commission;
