m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
the same to be paid out of the surplus fund now
in,the Treasury heretofore appropriated to cover
the expenses of said fcomtnission.
The report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, which was reafl,shows that Colonel Craig,
who,! fox gallant service's in the Mexican war,
wds promoted tb the rank of colonel by brevet,
was, upon urgent spjicitation, induced to accept
tj e command sof the company of United States
t);o<jps detailed as a, military escort to protect the
boundary; survey commission from the attacks
of Indians, on the assurance that he would not,
* by taking command of a force inferior to that to
— which }iis rank entitled him, lose the pay and
™ emoluments he would otherwise receive; that in
. the faithful discharge of his duty, Colonel Craig
lost his life; but that in the settlement of his ac-
counts, his widow and legal representative has
been allowed only the pay of a captain, being
$804 85 less than he would have received if he
* had been in command of such a force as his rank
and commission entitled him to.
The report shows further that he accepted the
position on ths'assurance that he would not be
subject to this loss, and also with the further
assurance that he would be allowed tho same
amount for his extraordinary personal expenses
as might be allowed to other officers of the Army
of his grade put on duty in the commission; but
that the Secretary of the Interior has not. been
able to allow this, inasmuch as Colonel Craig had
not been turned over to his Department by the
formal order of the Secretary of War.
A letter from Senator Toombs , appended to the
report, was also read, in which he testifies to the
fact that Colonel Craig only accepted a position
on the commission at the urgent solicitation of
the Department, and on the assurance referred to
in the import.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
ef the chairman of the Committee ou Military Af-
fairs if Colonel Craig did not receive the ptiy and
commutation of his rank while in this scrvicc;
and if he did, what will tfle present bill amount to ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I will slate in reply to the
"gentleman from Tennessee, that Colonel Craig
received pay as a captain in that service. The
sole object of the bill is to allow him for his per-
sonal expenses the same amount as has been al-
lowed to every officer of his rank who was en-
gaged upon the Mexican boundary survey.
Several Members. Move thepreviousquestion.
Mr. FAULKNER. Very well, sir; I move
the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man answer toy other question ?
Mr. FAULKNER. The amount to be allowed
for personal expenses under this lull is about five
thousand dollars.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third'time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEPHENS,ofGeorgia,moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLERICS TO COMMITTEES,
Mr. FAULKNER. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to report a res-
olution, but I do notknow whether theChairwill
regajd it as a private claim, coming within the
rule governing reports to-day. There was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, a
few days ago, the petition of T. V. Jordan, clerk
of that committee, claiming that he had been ren-
dering services as clerk to that committee from the
beginning of the session, and had received no com-
pensation;andthatno provision had been made for
that purpose. The committee have instructed me
to report the following resolution in response to
that private petition;
Ilesolved, That the standing, committees of the House,
which at tlie last session thereof were authorized to cinplov
clerks, be authored to employ clcrks ior the piemen? ses-
sion, at the same rate of compensation, and that the com--
pensation be from the date of their service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can that resolu-
tion be made as a report from a committee ? I de-
sire to inquire of the gentleman from Virginia,
whether services have been rendered by that clerk
to his committee, and if so, by what authority he
has been appointed?
Mr, FAULKNER. The resolution which I
have presented, is reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, in response to a private memo-
rial referred to our committee, and is, therefore,
in order.
As to the inquiry by the gentleman, by what
authority this clerk has been appointed, I will say
that he has been appointed by authority of the
committee, and who, but for the exercise of that
authority, would have been unable to discharge
£heir duty to the House and the country. They
assumed the responsibility of making this ap-
pointment, because they had no doubt that when-
ever the proper opportunity presented itself, this
body would sanction the appointment, as it has
sanctioned such appointments always heretofore.
I think there is no point .of order which can be
properly sustained upon this resolution, and if so,
I ask the House to act u^on this resolution with-
out further delay. These committees have been
compelled to employ clerks during the present
session. This resolution provides for only the
committees which were authorized to employ the
clerks at the last session by express order of the
House.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if there are not some of these clerks
whose services can very well be dispensed with
during the present session of Congress? I will
refer him, as a single instance in point, to the
Committee of Elections. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs what earthly
use. the Committee of Elections has for a clerk
the present session? I suppose there are others
which aie equally useless. 1 ask the gentleman
to name the committees to be provided for under
his resolution, so that we may know which need
clerks and which do not. I have no objection
whatever to the appointment of clerks to such
committees as really need their services; but I
object to the appointment of clerks who have no
other duties to perform, except to act as secre-
taries to the chairmen and other members of the
committees.
And there is another practice to which I wish,
to allude. I do not know that it has prevailed in
this House, but I understand it docs m the other
end of the Capitol. It is the practice of appointing
relatives, brothers, brothers-in-law, or cousins of
the chairman of the committee, who is authorized
to make the appointment. I say there is no pro-
priety in pensioning out men in this way.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have no authority to
speak for any other committee which is embraced
in this resolution, except the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. 1 know that no improper motive
has ever actuated that committee in the appoint-
mentof a clerk. No relatives have been provided
for there.
Mi-. MORGAN. Certainly not; J make no
such charge. I had no reference m what I said
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FAULKNER. Whether the Committee
of Elections is a committee which, from the busi-
ness before it, finds it necessary to employ a clerk,
I am unable to say. ( proceed upon the assump-
tion that no,chairman of any committee in this
body, jf he was satisfied that the business before
his committee was not sufficient to justify them
in the employment of a clerk, would make such
an appointment, even if he was authorized to do
so by the Mouse. Certainly, in regard to the
Committee on Military Affairs, I ypeak with con-
fidence when I say that if we could, consistently
with the discharge of our duty to the House and
country, dispense with the services of a clerk, we
would do so.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman will name
the committees embraced m bis resolution, *we
can then determine which of them need clerks,
and which do not.
Mr. FAULKNER. I cannot name them, bfe-
cause I do not know which of the committees
were authorized to employ clerks at the last ses-
sion. *
Mr. REAGAN. Then, if the gentleman re-
porting the resolution does not know the extent
of its effect, I think it is a good reason why the
House should reject the resolution; and I hope it
will.be rejected. But the gentleman states, in an-'
swer to the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that the claim is based upon
a private petition; I ask whether that is a memo-
rial which has ever passed through this House,
and been duly referred to that committee for its
action; or whether it is an application, by the
person expecting to be directly benefited, made
directly to the committee ? Because, although it-
is true that these clerks have many privileges in
and about this Capitol, I do not understand-that
they can authorize a committee to report upon a
petition which has never been presented m this
House.
Mr. FAULKNER. I can answer the question
of the gentleman from Texas. The petition was
presented at the Clerk's table, as all petitions arp,
and was referred, undnr a rule of this House, to
the Committee on Military Affairs; and that com-
mittee have made this report, in accordance with
the petition which was sent to them by this clerk,
under the rules of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I make this question
of order, that this petition was not properly re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. It
is no part of the duty of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs to provide,, for the appointment of
clerks of the committees of this House, and for
the payment of thei,- salaries. The petition ought
not to have gone to that committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. It comes within the prov-
ince of the Committee on Military Affairs to pro-
vide for the appointment of a clerk to that com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the House will al-
low this resolution to p'ass. It is evident that these
committors cannot get along without cletks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to have the resolution again read.
The resolution was read.
Mr- STANTON. The necessity for such a
resolution, exists in the fact that under the rules
of the House no clerk of a committee can be
paid without it. The resolution will not provide
for any clerks that are not needed. It refers to
the committees wliich were authorized to employ
clerks at the last session, and gentlemen will rec-
ollect that the House was very careful in allow-
ing no clerks to committees then where they were
not needed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the petition is from the person who has been em-
ployed by the Committee on Military Affairs.
The resolution is to authorize the appointment of a
clerk of each of several committees of the House.
Now, I want the report read, in order that we may
see if the resolution is conformable to the petition,
and so that the Chair will have the question fully
before him when he comcs to decide the question
of order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I send up the petition, and
ask that it may be read.
The petition was read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
Wolfs:
The uudcisj£ned. on behalf of himself and others yimi
lni Ij m(u,nod, heer^ leave to *fatc that he ha-1 been emplovi d
and acted as cleik to the Committee on Mihtaiy Allans,
horn tho commencement of the present session of Con-
gress; and that, although ho has dibgently discharged at! i'ip
duties appertaining to said snvice, he* has leceived not
one clollai of compensation from the Government, nor has
any provision been made for the payment of clerks to com-
mittees Your petitioner, therefore, pinys that provisions
be made by law or isolation for tiie payment of your pe-
titioner arid other clerkdwho have been employed in the
service of >aid ^ommsttee.s by authority of the *aid com-
mittees. which have been usually allowed clerks.
THOri. V. JORDAN.
Mr. MORGAN. Now, one word, m reference
to this resolution. I have no objection whatever
to the Military Committee having a clerk, or any
other committee which needs the services_ of a
clerk; but what I desire is, that the committees
shall be named, so that we may leave out those
which arc unnecessary. There are boys em-
ployed in some of these committees, who are in-
competent to discharge their duties as clerks.
They are mere places for pensioning boys and
others who have no services to perform.
Mr. FLORENCE. I can speak for the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. There are neither boys nor
relatives employed by those committees, nor can
