1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he did not keep Indian agents there, whose'fault
was it?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Not the fault of my con-
stituents, certainly. If the Government did not
send agents there it was not my fault, nor the
fault of the whole people of the United States.
My colleague says that these Indians were at-
tached to the Army of the United States, and
were to'tee sustained as a part of the Army. Well,
sir, if they had been regular soldiers in the Army,
the same rule would apply. But again, my col-
league admits that there was a treaty of intercourse
and amity with these Indians; and he admits that
where such a treaty exists, the national Treasury
is not holden for depredations committed by such
Indians.
Mr. LETTER I supposed the facts of this
case was understood, but I find that I shall have
to refer my colleague again to the testimony. I
quote from the testimony of Major Collins, page
7, of the report:
" Major Collins testifies tliathe peived with the regiment
of fnendiv Indians under k Jim Boy,' from the time they
took up duns until they weie dischaigcd from the service
of the United Suites. That they 'had no rations supplied
by tlie Government until a sut render was made; that they
diew a Jutie provision, which was given thein to get it out
of the wagons, to enable them to move quiokcr, as they in-
tended moving to Eon Mitchell, whcie stores were "sup-
plied for the subsistence of the aimy. AM former supplies |
we had weie huch as were leftby the unfoituuate settlers ; !
of this the Indians lelt authorized to use, and did so treely !
wherever they cOuld find any. The Indians said they |
were to have all the property they could find, according to |
the piopotitioii made to them by the Coinmandei-m-Chief, i
General Je>up, and was acceded to by him, n being their .
mode of wan'aie. They aeeoidinglv continued to kill a ;
jrreat many cattle—inoie than was actually nt:ce:?saiy foi
the subsistence of the whole aimy, winch they said tliey i
killed to staive the hostile**.' " j
Mr. GIDDINGS. That brings us right back to 1
the question whether war did exist; and if comes ]
back to the principle which 1 have already as- !
serted, that if such supplies are taken for which 'j
the Government is responsible, they must be by !|
order of the commanding officer. Now, Major -i
Collins testifies that they had no provisions. ,i
When? is the certificate of General Jesup, the
officer in command, that they weie authorized to 1
take these provisions of the citizens ? I will read
again from the law which governs this subject:
" Before any othei evidence will be received, the claim-
ant must make oath that it i-. not m in-* power to pi no me
that which is above specified; and, further, that ine, evi-
dence which he oliers in lyju thereoi is the bea which he
is able to obtain.
" Undei thii provision, no claim can he admitted for any
article which lun not been taken by the oidcis of the coin-,
mandant of the eoip-* loj who-se Use it may be stated to have
been taken. Foi any taking not s.o authonzed, the paity's
rediess is against the person committing it."
Irepeat, that the Committee ofCIaims, from the
days of the administration of Mr. Monroe until
the present day, have invariably rejected all claims
for fndemmty tor piovisions taken by the auny
under such circumstances, unless accompanied by
the certificate of the commanding officer author-
izing the property to be taken.
Mr. LEITER. I must again refer my col-
league to the testimony upon this point, for I see
he does not understand it. Colonel Hogan, who
probably knew more about this affair than any
other man connected with the Army, testifies in
his letter of September 18, 1837:
"Of the oaltle that were killed for the subsistence of
the Indian toices untiei my command, no mark*<oi num-
bers weie taken. Indeed, nuch a cour-e was unpmcti-
eahlo. I was- ordeiud by General Jo-.up to subsist the
foice in the best mannei 1 could. and f had forn<re pai-
ties out eveiy day hunting up coin and foddei and beef.
As soon as Uie Indiana wouid drive up a ganj; of cows-,
calves, or oxen, hemic I was awaie ot then being in any
part ot my camp, winch was veiy extensive, having fiom
thiileen Imndied to fiiteen hundred Indians scattered ail
over the hills about the Big Spungy, those Indians who
were mo-;t in want of piovisions would commence shouting
them down. In tins way an immeii-e numhet of cattle were
destroyed, and a gieat many inoic than were lequited tor
the actual snb^isrenoe of the whole aimy. To prevent a
general destruction of cattle was utteriv impossible, and
equally &o to obtain a list ot marks and biands."
There }^ou have the evidence that it was utterly
impossible to obtain a list ot the marks and brands
of the cattle, so as to make reparation for them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is the certificate of
Colonel Hogan; but it is not testimony that the
taking of this property was authorized by the of-
ficer m command.
[Here the hammer fell.}
]VJr. LEITER. I should like to ask my col-
league one question.
Mr. DEAN. I object to further debate.
The bill was read by sections for amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all after the enacting elan?e, and insert:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they
are hereby, authouzed to audit and settle tfreclauns of cer-
tain citizens of Georgia and Alabama, for losses sustained
by the Creek Indian outbicak iaI836,1837, and 1838; and
that, in the settlement of said accounts, said officers shall
be governed by the piovwons of the act entitled " An act
to authorize the payment of property lost, captured, or de-
stroyed by the enemy, while in the military service of the
United Siates, and foi other purposes," approved April 9,
1816; and that the claims so audited and allowed shall be
paid out of any money not otherwise appropriated : Pro-
vidcdJioioeKcr, That the claims so audited and allowed sliall
not, in the aggregate, exceed the sum of #320,noo; and that
all payments made to any of said claimants under tormcr
laws, shall be deducted from the amount lound to be due.
I supposed, Mr. Chairman, when I Addressed
the committee on a former occasion, that all claims
of this description, arising out of these disturb-
ances, had been already audited and paid. I am
informed, however, that such is not the case; and
am satisfied that there are still other claims to
which parties aie entitled under the law of 3816,
if they had permission to avail themselves of it.
I am, therefore, disposed to regard this as a case
arising during Indian hostilities—a quasi war—in
which the parlies ore entitled, in fairness and jus-
tice, to be placed in precisely the same position as
all other parties have been in past times, who
suffered injuries in time of war. I therefore offer
this amendment, as bringing them precisely and
specifically within the provisions of that law; and
as dealing out to them the same measure of jus-
tice as has been extended to other poisons, in
other sections of the country, during- the whole
of our past history. The terms of the law do not
extend beyond the losses sustained m the war of
1812; and the Department would not be author-
ized, under that law, to allow these claims. I de-
sire to bnnj* these claims on the precise level with
all other.cases under similar circumstances. They
have no right to claim any moie; and if we pay
them any more, we overturn the principle estab-
lished by the Government, and open the Treas-
ury to a flood of claims winch wilr be withheld
no longer.
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia. The amend-
ment of tiie gentleman from Ohio seems, on its
face, to be equitable and just. He refers in it to
the act of 181G. Since the passage of that act,
Congress passed, in 1834, a law in regard to In-
dian depredations. As i understand this whole
claim and its merits, I. am prepared to vote for the
gentleman's amendment, it he will make the acts
of 1832 and 1834 applicable to this case. I am
willing to go furit then, but I am not willing to
have the claim decided under the act of 181C.
Mr. STANTON. You cannot make the laws
of 183:} and 3634 applicable to this ease. Those
Ijws allowed the losses to be stopped from the
annuities of the Indians. These claims must he
paid out of the Treasury, a thing not recognized
by the Indian laws.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If these claims ;
come within the equity of those acts, 1 would, so J
far as 1 am individually concerned, go for taking j
them out of the Indian annuities. It becomes a '
question between thr Govcrnmentand the Indians, j
If the gentlemen tUiuks it wrong to make the
Indians pay these losses, I say that tho men who
have lost then-property ought not to be made bear 1
the loss. If the Government has a tender fueling i
towards the Indians, let the Government itself :
pay the debt, and not leave the citizen to endure
the loss.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is growing late, and I
think it possible that if we adjourn now this bill
can be put into such a shape before to-morrow, as
that gentlemen on all sides can vote for it. I will
not support it on any other principle than that of
justice and right. That the bill may be so fixed
up, and that some substitute for it may be pro-
posed to-morrow, I move to strike out the enact-
ing words of the bill, and let it be so reported to
the House. If the friends of the measure cannot
agree to such a substitute as will meet the appro-
val of amajorify of the House, let it be lost,
Mr. LEITER. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion for a moment, that I may call the at- ;
tention of the committee to the action of Congress :
on this question ? " :
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. You can do ■
that to-morrow.
The motion to strike out the ^enacting clause
was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, the committee may be discharged from
the petition of the heirs of George Yates, which
was reported back adversely from the Court of
Claims and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, so that it
may be referred to the Committee of Claims.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to. , .
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Sherman, of Ohio,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration the special order,
being House bill No. 367, and had instructed him
to recommend that the enacting words of the bill
be stricken out; also, that the committee had di-
rected him to report back an adverse petition from
the Court of Claims on the petition of the heirs
of Georg(f Yates, with a lecommendalion that it
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The petition was so referred,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the motion be
made now to recommit this bill to a Committee
of the Whole House will thatnotbe the first busi-
ness in order to-morrow, if the House adjourn
now?
The SPEAKER: It will.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I move-
to recommit it; and I will state to the House that
my intention is to call it up in the'morning. I
think it probable that some substitute can be
agreed upon m the mean time which will meet
the general approval of the House. I therefore
move to recommit the bill to a Committee of the
Whole House, and move that the House do now
adjourn.
TARIFF RESOLUTIONS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Whenlarose
some time since to offer resolutions from the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania there was a privileged
question pending. I now ask leave to present
resolutions on the tariff question, of the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, and move that they be
read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I must
insist on myjnnuon to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me the privilege of  
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Regular order
of business.
STATISTICS OF MANUFACTURES,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, stating that he had trans-
mitted to the Senate a digest of statistics of man-
ufactures, according to the returns of the seventh
census, prepared under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in conformity with the
provisions of the civil expenses appropriation bill,
approved June ]2, 1858.
The message was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of Sikh December, 1858, relative to imports
and expoits from Great Britain and France to the
United States for a series of years.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee of "Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
EMPLOYES OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting a list of clerks, and other persons em-
ployed in the State Department; winch was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
RESIDENT MINISTER TO JAPAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, a
letter from the State Department to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, asking
that an appropriation be made for the salary of a
