1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
brief debate which took place upon it, covering
scarcely two columns of the Congressional Globe,
was listened to with manifest impatience by the
House. So strong was the desire manifested to
stop all debate at that time, that I know I felt
myself compelled to desist, although I wanted to
go on in my statement of what I believed to be
the effect of the resolution—that it was a virtual
surrender, upon the part of Congress, of the war-
making power, which is vested in Congress itself,
and not in the Executive.
Mr. MILLSON. Who introduced that reso-
lution ?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] reported it from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PURVIANCE. How many members on
this side of the House voted for it?
Mr. LETCHER. Twenty-seven members on
the Opposition side of the House voted for the
resolution, and eighteen Democrats voted against
it. How these gentlemen happened to be voting
in that particular way, is what I do notknow,and
have never thought of inquiring about. I have no
doubt they cast their votes upon their own con-,
victions of duty, and upon their own judgment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, however, That the vessels so purchased shall
be sold as soon as the difficulties with Paraguay are ad-
justed.
Mr. Chairman, that amendment I offer in good
faith; and I hope to have the attention of the
House in what X say upon it, for I do not offer
it pro forma. I concur entirely in what my col-
league [Mr. Letcher] has said, and I rejoice to
remember that I was one of the eighteen on this
side of the House who voted against that resolu-
tion. I did it then upon the distinct ground that
I believed it wrong to confer the war-making
power of this Government upon the Executive,
but, as my colleague has said, the House was
then under the influence of a war fever, or panic,
which js sometimes gotten up immediately pre-
ceding important elections. We had then the
two sides of the House pitted against and out-
bidding each other in the intensity of this war-
making fever. I well remember, on the occasion
of the difficulties with England, that one of the
most violent war speeches I ever heard in this
House was made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Burlingame.]
It will be admitted that it was not to be ex-
pected that the Democratic party should interpose
serious objections to the proposal to confer such
a power upon the Executive, who had their en-
tne confidence. But, sir, that measure never
would have been carried through this House but
for the advocacy of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Ritchie,] assisted by the Republican
members nf the House.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman that the resolution was reported by my
colleague, under the instructions of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. GARNETT. That may be; but the com-
mittee found an organ and advocate in the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania, a distinguished member
of the Republican party, without whose assist-
ance it never would have been carried.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me to
say, that only twenty-two on this side of the
Chamber voted for the resolution, while seventy-
nine voted against it? •
Mr. GARNETT. Yqs, sir; I acknowledge that
n majority on the Democratic side of the House
voted for the resolution; and, as 1 have said, it was
very natural they should, when the proposition
was to confer power upon their own Pie&ident.
But I desire to state that the object of my amend-
ment is this: although I think candidly, that the
Secretary of the Navy has exceeded his power
in this case, yet I believe he has done it consci-
entiously, and I am, therefore, willing to carry
out his contracts; but I am not willing m this way
to permanently increase the Navy of the United
States; and I propose that as soon as the difficul-
ties have been adjusted, the vessels shall be sold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I have no wish to turn this ;
question intoapartydiscussion atall;but I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
because that amendment, in fact, recognizes the
legality of the action of the Navy Department.
Now, sir, it is a strange sight here, when two gen-
tlemen from Virginia bring up their speeches to
show what were their views of the effect of#this
resolution previous to its passage, as if it were
absolutely proved that such was the effect. Sir,
I appeal to the terms of the resolution itself; and
I find that that resolution does not come within a
thousand miles of authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to charter these vessels. It does not even
squint at such a construction. It simply author-
izes him, in a certain contingency, to use the force
of a navy—not to make a navy, as has been said
over and over again. Now, sir, I do not want to
take up the time of the House in di^ussing this
matter; but, in my judgment, this is the proper
course for us to take: let us refuse, at all hazards
and at all lengths, to concur in the amendment of
the Senate. Let us have nothing to do with it.
Ifyou offer any kind of amendmentto thatamend-
ment, it will recognize the action of the Depart-
ment, which, in my judgment, is a violation of
the resolution of Congress, foolish as it is ad-
mitted to be on all hands. If, in the hurry, we
adopted a bad resolution,certainly we should not
now authorize the Department to make it ten times
worse.' The resolution is bad enough, and do not
let us go any further. There is no law for this,
and the resolution of the Senate ought to be voted
do&n.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Garnett, m
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Lovejoy were appointed.
The House was divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
ected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That no moio monov shall be expended, and
that the Pi evident be, and he is hereby, directed to suspend
all fuither proceedings, under the resolution of 2d June, A.
D. 1858, <ig<r®ist the Republic of Paraguay, and that our
forces, naval and maune, be recalled.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It proposes a repeal or suspension
of the act of Congress of the last session. I think
that is not germane to the pending proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is germane, and therefore in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I will occupy
the attention of the committee but for a moment.
It is a matter of utter surprise to me that the Ad-
ministration should have taken the course they
have under the resolution of last winter. No one
dreamed of clothing the President with any such
authority. I recollect very well, that it was said
that but one vessel belonging to the Navy would
be sent down there for temporary purposes. I
certainly did not suppose that such proceedings
would be had as have been taken under that res-
olution.
I was, I repeat, utterly surprised when this mat-
ter came up m its presentform;and I want toun-
derstand how it happens that the Navy,for which
we spend annually some eighteen million dollars,
was not called upon to go there. Why were
not our naval vessels sent there, instead of the
Department chartering these nine vessels, two
of which proved unseaworthy? I propose my
amendment in good faith, if it be passed, it will
put a stop to all these proceedings. It forbids the
President or Secretary of the Navy to proceed
any further. I do not behove that we ought to go
into a speculation in vessels. The Secretary has
not succeeded very well in his live-oak specula-
tion, and I do not think we ought to intrust him
with the sale of the machinery which belongs to
our vessels.
The committee informally arose; and
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of Frances Ann McCau-
ley; and
An act for the relief Mrs. Jane Turnbull.
When the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. RITCHIE. I find that 1 have been re-
ferred to in this debate as in some way charge- i
able with this Paraguay expedition. With refer-
ence to that, I desire to state that, in the discharge !
of my duty as a member of £he Committee on
Foreign Affairs, I was obliged to examine the sub-
ject, and to report the result of the deliberations
of the committee to the House. The committee
was unanimously of opinion that the business de-
manded the attention of the Government of the
United States, and directed me to report a reso-
lution giving the President the authority he -re-
quested. I did so. The House passed the res-
olution, and there my responsibility ended. I
th ought then the resolution was right, and I think
so now. For the manner in which the power con-
ferred by the resolution was used by the Admin-
istration, for the conduct of the business, I am in
no way responsible. The people of the United
States elected the President; the President ap-
pointed the Cabinet. They are the Executive
officers under the Constitution. I did not assist
in placing the present officers in power, and am
in no way responsible for their acts. I did not
at the time pretend to know the precise mode in
which the business should be conducted; but,
from information derived from the best sources,
I believed that if two or three small vessels had
been sent, immediately after the adjournment of
Congress, with the commissioner, to the mouth of
the La Plata river, the whole thing could have
been settled in a few weeks, with little expense or
trouble to any one. Instead of that, I was as-
tounded by seeing, after my arrival home, all the
newspapers filled with rumors of the preparations
making for the expedition to Paraguay. A full
accountof everything that wasdoingin the Navy
Department ^eemed to be published regularly
every day. In fact, the Secretary seemed to have
called to his assistance a sort of privy council,
composed of the correspondents of nearly all the
daily newspapers in the United States. The busi-
ness o.f this council was to make proclamation to
all the world of everything that the Secretary was
doing, or intended to do, against Paraguay. Cer-
tainly, such a mode of conducting naval or mili-
tary operations was never before heard of in the
history of the world. Whether the Paraguay
expedition shall be successful or unsuccessful, I
cannot at present conjecture; but I know that the
President, in the conduct of the business, hasen-
tirely disappointed my expectations, and has ex-
ercised power in the chartering of vessels outside
of the Navy which I never thought of as being
contained in the resolution as passed by Congress.
I have no desire to shun any responsibility
with which I am justly chargeable; but I cannot
consent to be charged with the acts of Executive
officers. We have to take them as we find them;
such as the people choose to give us. If they do
well, they are entitled to praise for so doing, if
they do ill, 1, for one, cannot consent to be charged
with their misconduct merely because I have given
them power to act in a case which demanded their
attention.
The question being on Mr. Lovejoy 5s amend-
ment to the amendment,
Mr. LOVEJOY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Lovejoy were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-seven; noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend by insei't-
ing a proviso, that when Paraguay shall have
been sufficiently chastised, the vessels shall be
called home. I do so, Mr. Chairman, with some
p degree of reluctance at detaining the House at this
| late period of the session. The gentleman from
, Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] asks us why it was that
i the vessels of the Navy were not used for this
: expedition ? I have no special knowledge on the
subject, but I have always understood—and I
have no doubt that such is the case—that every
vessel of our Navy that could ascend the river to
Paraguay was sent on the expedition, and that
even the revenue cutter was taken from the port
of New York because of its light draught. But
additional vessels had to be chartered, because
there was no vessel in the Navy that could go up
the river to the capital of Paraguay.
But, Mr. Chairman, the general policy and pro-
priety of this Paraguay expedition have been
called in question. I believe I was one of those
who voted for it. I have never regretted that vote,
and do not regtot it now. Gemlomen speak of
a war prevailing with Paraguay, and of our ivav-
