m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
"minister resident at Japan; which was referred
to the Committee of "Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman from
Georgia is willing that I should offer 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness was called on the right and on the left.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEPHENS, of
Georgia, (at four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 22, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. M. Alig.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BSJNJVSYLVANIA TARIFF RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask leave to
present to the House certain resolutions of the
^Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania; and
move that they belaid on the table, and ordered to
be printed. *
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to my col-
league that he ask for the reading of the resolu-
tions, and then move to refer them to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. They are the expression
of the Legislature of the State in lefrrenco to a
very important subject, and a subject that is at-
tracting a good deai of attention at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A subject we do
not want here. * •
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania sends the expression of its
Opinion herej I hope that that opinion may be
read here, and referred to the proper committee
having charge of the subject in thitj House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. It it be the
wish of the House, I hope the resolutions may be
read.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust they may.
The Clerk commenced to read the resolutions.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether the reading of these
resolutions is a matter of right? If not, I object
to it.
Mr. BARIvSDALE. I trust the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw his objection. 1 am
opposed to the principle of the resolutions; but I
think they ought to be read.
Mr. FLOIIENCE. I rise to a point of order.
The reading commenced by unanimous consent,
and it should not be interrupted.
Mr. 13ARKSDALE. i desire to say that when
a State,'through its Legislature, desires to be heard
in Congress, that request ought to be granted. 1
am opposed to the object of these resolutions; but
it, strikes mo they ought to be read, and I hope
my friend from Virginia will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Air. CURRY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania (Mr. l<Y(>RE\*cr,] whether
there is an agi cement on the subject of these res-
olutions between the Democrats and Republicans
of Pennsylvania?
Mr. FLORENCE. I have nothing to do with
Pennsylvania Republicans, as such. I am a Penn-
sylvania Democrat, and am not responsible for
the acts of anybody else. 1 tiust that my votes
in the House and my record here will substan-
tiate this declaration.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. This is the
respectful expression of the opinion of a sovereign
Stale, presented to the Congress of the United
States. The reading of such resolutions is usual
in the Senate of the United States, and 1 do not
know why its reading should be denied here in
the House of Representatives. Resolutions of the
Legislatures of othei State* have been generally
read here on other subjects, and certainly there
is no reason why there should be an exception
made to the reading of these resolutions.
-There was another reason why the voice of
Pennsylvania should be heard in this Hall, on the
subject of these resolutions. She had sulFered
more than any other member of the Union from
the mischievous legislation of Congress on the
tariff, and she had a right to be heard when she
asked reparation of the'body which had inflicted
upon her the wrongs of which she complained. I
cannot, moreover, understand, sir, why such
strenuous opposition should be made to these res-
olutions because of their subject-matter, rqjating,
as they do, to a question of equal import to the
Government and people. I trust that no further
objection will be made to their reading.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. By the rules
of the House, cannot the reading of a paper on
which the House is railed to vote be required by
any member?
Mr. MILES. I move the previous question
on this matter.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. There is already a pending
question, which must be disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question which
I submit is, that the question before the House
is on the printing of these resolutions, now be-
fore the House. As a question of order and of
right, a member has the right to call forth'e read-
ing of them, to know what it is we are going to
vote upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that,
under the practice of the House, any member has
the right to call for the reading.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust that the
gentleman from Virginia will withdraw his ob-
jection to the reading of the resolutions. The
matter has now taken up more time than the read-
ing would have occupied. For myself, I am per-
fectly wilimg that the lesolutions of the Legisla-
ture of any State in the Union shall have a hearing
here. I think that it is a matter of courtesy that
those resolutions should be read. 1 trust, there-
lore, that the gentleman from Virginia will with-
draw his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolutions must be read if any gentleman
calls for their reading.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Wheioas the expenonce of the past mid present most
fully deiuoiMratet- that it is a wise and beneficent policy
ol the Geiieuil OnviMuneiit which dictates, the imposition
o! duties on such pioducu- ol fcueign nation-; as. eome m
«ueb diteet contact vuih tho-e of our own eountiy a-> tcr
injure nriii pio-tiute the nude on our own soil, and among
out own citizen-:; lor want of Mich aid the aitisan> and
Liboirr-.. m in.nij d< paitrticnts <>f trade, aVe compelled to
abandon their aecu-tomed piu*iut=;; especially do out own
coal and iron intends sutler: Theieioie.
Ilenolfcii foj Jm" Si'nute and Jlouse of lie present utivrs of (
Pennsylvania in (lenrrul ~b tnel. That oin SenatOis
m (.'on«te-,> he un-tuiefed, and our UepieM'iitative; re-
queued, to laboi toi the pa—aiie (at the pie-erit session) of
Mich an act as will not only tend to increase the jevenue
by the imposition ot dime.-, hut atloid ample encoiuayo-
ment to all uie inteu'-i< ol the eouiiuy injured W the pio-
duetion- ot the elie:ip laboi ot othei nations; but moie c->-
pei-ia!!v to mye an mereuv<> of duties on coal and iron, in
! winch "s-o lat^e a portion of out own people are deeply in-
terested,
I That the view-- of the I're-qdcnt, cq>rc.'--cd in
; hi-< hue annual mo^me, in teleience to the advantage of
1 definite, or specific, ovei a<! valorem duties, a*- more umto! m,
i le*> liable to UaiuK and atlotduu,' the most eeitani and init-
io un amount <>t l-'M-iiue, nu ew out hearty appiov.il
j nK That the Governor he leque-ted to ioiwaid to
I each ol our Senator-? and member* ol t'onsie-x a eopv ot
the abo\ c preamble and ievolutions, mimming them ot their
II adoption.
j| Mr. McQUEEN". I ask my fiiend from Perm-
|j svlvania [ JVi r. Ti,orexck] whether the principles
,i of theyc Resolutions are m the Cincinnati plat-
I foim ?
| _ Mr. FLORENCE. Not exactly as set down
i in these resolutions'.
j Mr. MONTGOMERY Substantially, they
! i are.
j! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
'l Resolutions be laid on the table, and ordered to be
! printed.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. ECRNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the holding of a term,
annually, of the circuit and district courts of the
i United States, for the district of Kentucky, at Pa-
! ducah, in that State; which was read a first and
| second time, and referred to the Committee on the
j Judiciary.
| WASHINGTON GENERAL HOSPITAL.
' Mr. BURNETT also, t>y unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a general hospital for
the District of Columbia, and to provide for the
transfer thereto of the buildings and grounds now
occupied by the Washington Infirmary; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT HICKMAN.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous consent I
of the House to introduce a bill to establish a
marine hospital at Hickman, Kentucky.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
INDIANS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. CAVA-NAUGH. ] ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Whereas the Sioux Indian?, in the State of IHginesota,
have a larger tract of eountiy as a reservation than is ne-
cessary lor their uf-e; and wheica« the Winnebago Indians
in the counties of Blue Earth and Waseca, m the same
State, occupy u a temtoiy now cntuely suri ounded by wh ite
settlements, and winch reservation is near the renter of the
most densely populated district m the ytate:55 Therefore.
Resolved y That the Secretary of the Intet lor he respect-
fully requested to inform the House of Representatives
whether it is competent or expedient to take any steps at
the present time to remove the Winnebagoes from their
piesenf position and locate them upon a portion ot the Sioux
reservation, or elsewhere, and secure to each head of a
family, of both nations, a tract of land sufficient for a farm;
and if so, whether any, and what, legislation is necessary
to enable him to effect that purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the resolution.
SPOLIATIONS ON AMERICAN COMMERCE.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Rcs&hed, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to communicate to this Ilou^e the abrogate amount
of indemnity claimed by citizens of the United States for
spoliation* upon American commerce prior to A. D. 1800^
and now un>ati<-ficd ; aKo, the names and residence of the
claimants ; «pec itytrie the original c laimaot?now living,and
tho<e who cl:mn a* hens or devisees ; and also those who
claim as underwiiters, or the assignees of underwriter*;
and also those who are the assignees by put chase, or oth-
erwise, ol the original claimants.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I objcct to the resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that I called for the regu-
lar order of business before the gentleman from
Kentucky introduced his bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear any
call from the gentleman from Indiana.
IMPORTATION OP AFRICANS.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the IIousc to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Pi evident of the United States be, and
he h heiebv, reque-ted to ieport to this House what infor-
mation has been received bv him, if any, in regard to the re-
cent importation of Africans into the State of Georgia, or
anv othei State ot this Union ; and what steps have been
taken tobnng to trial and punishment the peisons engaged
in tins inhuman violation of the laws of the United State?,
and to prevent similar violations heicafter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That resolu-
tion might give rise to debate. If the gentleman
will move the previous question upon it, I will
not objcct.
Mr. KILGORE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution wusagteed to.
Mr. LOVRJOY. I ask leave to introduce abill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If is always called for just
' at a certain point, amLf shall insist upon it in
future. Just as soon as it gets around here, the
regular order of business is always called for.
[Laughter.]
- CLAIMS OF GEORGIA AND ALABAMA.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in or-
der was the motion made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephen's,] to recommit to the
Committee of the Whole House a bill (H. R.
No, 367) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Cteek Indians.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is not my
purpose to protract the debate upon this question.
My object yesterday, in making the motion that
I made, was to stop the debate, because I thought
it had exhausted the subject, and believed the
House was very well informed upon the general
merits of the question. I wished, however, sir,
to put the bill m a shape that would suit the views
of a number of gentlemen who participated in
that debate, and expressed views different from
those embodied in the report of the committee;
and I must confess that I belong to that class my-
self. While I believe that there is greaf merit and
justice m the claims, the language of the bill which
we had before us did not suit me, and I thought
that during the night it might be put in a shape
