1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ing transferred to the President the war-making
power. I never regarded it in that light, and I
do not regard it in that light now. I do not admit
that war exists with Paraguay any more than it
exists with the Indian tribes in the western coun-
try. When your tribes of savages offend against
the Government, you do not declare war against
them. You do not pass a law declaring war, nor
recognize that a state of war exists with them;
but you instruct the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment to chastise them. Thus Congress in-
structed the Executive to chastise Paraguay; but
a state of war no more exists with Paraguay than
with these Indian tribes on the western frontier,
against whom we are constantly carrying on hos-
tilities. Gentlemen have shown an anxiety to
excuse, if not to apologize, for their votes on that
occasion. I confess that I voted for it because I
thought that Paraguay deserved chastisement;
and 1 hope our armament will not be withdrawn
until it has been inflicted. 1 voted for it, too,be-
cause I found that the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, which had been charged by the House with
investigating the subject—a committee composed
of gentlemen representing all parties in the House
—reported unanimously in favor of it. The Ex-
ecutive having in good faith adopted the means to
chastise Paraguay, the sole question now pre-
sented to us is, whether we will pay the expenses
incurred under our own orders?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee inlormally rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill for the
relief of Eh W. Golf, and a bill malting appropri-
ations forthe support of the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 18(i(); when the S.peaker j
signed the same. !
The committee resumed its session. 1
Mr. BURLINGAME. Mr. Chairman, as the
vote winch 1 gave, last session on tins question j
has been alluded to, 1 think 1 may with propriety i
say a wonl or two in reference to the causes J
which led me to record my vote as I did. I was j
a member of the Committee on Foreign Allan's. ,
Tins subject came before that committee. It was
referred to the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, | Mr. Ritchie]—aman wlioalways
gives io every subject referred to hi in ilie most
thorough investigation. He made a leport to us
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to increase
the appropriation $200,000.
Mr. Chairman, I must be permitted to express
my surprise at the manner in which this debate
has.wandered from the issue. My purpose in
rising is, to submit a very few remarks upon the
question which is really before us. If the com-
mittee will listen, they will hear this resolution
of last session, which I now^ropose to read:
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, Thar,
tor ttie purpose of adjusting the differences between the
United States and Hie Republic of Paraguay, in connection
with the attack on the United States steamer Water Witch,
and with the other matters referred to in tlie annual mes-
MJP Of the President, lie be, and hereby is, authorized to
adopt sueli measures and use such force as, m his judg-
ment, may be necessary and advisable in the event of the
refusal ol just satisfaction by the Government of Paraguay."
I have read the resolution for the purpose of
letting the committee see what the power was
which was given to the President. He was our
agent to execute the powers which the Constitu-
tion confers upon us. This country, by common
consent, was regarded as aggrieved by the Re-
public of Paraguay. That Republic had expelled
our citizens lawfully within its limits; had seques-
tered their goods and chattels; had fired upon a
Government vessel of the United States, engaged
in sounding the river Parana, common to two
distinct Powers; and the blood of an American
citizen had been shed. In this state of thffigs,
and because of the subordinate character of the
St public of Paraguay, the Congress of the United
Spates, without reference to party views, but an-
imated, I trust and believe, by a proper patriotic
spirit, passed the resolution which 1 have read.
Hero, then, was the power conferred; and the
only question is, whether the President has ex-
ceeded that power. He was authorized, in case
satisfaction was refused, to exert the whole
strength and power of the country in obtaining
redress.
Gentlemen may say that the demand for re-
dress was not made until the fleet had beengotten
up. Upon that subject there is really no material
difficulty. We have sent a fleet to a point where
wo are in the habit of having one; buta commis-
sioner has gone forward to see whether or not
redress will" be afforded us. But in doing this
thing the Government found it necessary to sup-
ply itself with steamers of a size which it did not
possess. 1 ask how Congress could have sup
disclosing these among other facts, that the people ;; nosed, for a moment, that the Government of the
of m^ section of the country had been despoiled united States could obuun redness, it if..shuuid be
of theii property to the amount of *£,300,000 by
the tyrant Loyv/!. It appeared, furthei mure, that
i United States vessel, the Water Witch, when in ;
the neutial waters of the Parana, luul been fired (
upon, and that an American citizen had been
killed on her deck. It appealed, also, that, al-
though repeated efforts had been made to obtain
redress, they had all failed. Sir, it was in the face
of these facts, and under these circumstances,
that I lecoi'ded my vote. I think that vote was
right. 1 tlunkthe facts given justifiedit. When-
ovei an Atneiiean citizen is liijuied, (I caie not
whether it he by a small Power or by a great
Power,) I trust that this couriuy will always be
ready to vindicate his rights. So far as I am
concerned, I will say that my vote, and my voice,
and my hand, if need be, will always be ready to
vindicate those rights.
I did not, however, by voting for that resolu-
tion commit myself to all the involvements to
which the Opposition in this House now holds
us. I did not commit myself to all the bad man-
agement of this singularly infelicitous Adminis- j
tuition. I did not commit myself to all these I
illegal and unconstitutional contracts which have , f
been made. 1 had not, to be sure, at that time !
too favorable an opinion of the Administration;
and 1 must confess that its management of this
Paraguay expedition has not deepened my regard
for it. I did not suppose that my vote was to
cover the sea with navies, or the whole land with
armies. I believed that if Mr. Buchanan had sent ij
foith commissioners to Paiaguay without this j;
airay, but simply armed ■
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman from Mas- jj
saehusetts allow me to ask him a question 5 j
Mr. BURLINGAME. I do not wish to be in- jj
terrupted. I have but five minutes. I do not i,
see {Here the hammer fell.}
1 The amendment was disagreed to.
refused by the Government of Paraguay, without
the necessary means> ThePiesident had aright,
unquestionably, to supply himself with those
means. It is to be presumed that Congress knew
the character of our vessots-of-war. If wo had
not vessels of the proper draught, the President
had a right to supply, and the only question is,
whetheHie should supply them by purchase or
by charter?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia. It
is my good fortune that I am not under the ne-
cessity of making any apology for any vote re-
corded by me upon the passage of the joint reso-
lution which has been alluded to. I was one of
the sixty-one Republicans who recorded then-
votes against the passage of that resolution, but
who were borne down by the almost unanimous
vote recorded for it on the other side of the House.
I will not stop to indulge in any argument in re-
lation to the small capital attempted to be made
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
out of the small vote cast for it on this side of the
House. The gentleman overlooks the very ma-
terial fact that this joint resolution never could
have been acted on 'by this House, or have be-
come a law, if it had not been recommended unan-
imously to the House by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, a majority of whom happened then,
as they are now, to be friends of the Administra-
tion. This, then, was emphatically an Admin-
istration measure, sanctioned by the friends of
the Adnunistiation composing a majority of that
committee, and reported by that committee to us,
with the approval of the Senate, a majority of
whom are friends of the Administration. With-
out their consent, it never could or would have
been heard of here.
I may make another remark in tins connection
—because it seems now that this joint resolution,
as interpreted by the Administration, has no
friends upon either side of the House—and it is
this: that it came to us indorsed, not only by the
majority of the Senate, who are friends of the
Administration, but by the head of that Admin-
istration—the Chief Magistrate himself.
But, sir, the question to-night is not whether
that resolution ought to have passed. That is a
bygone question. The real question now before
us is, whether we are to concur in the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Navy in pur-
chasing the nine vessels wrongfully chartered
and conditionally contracted for by him, anil with-
out the least shadow of authority or of law? That
is the question before this committee to-night-,
and I will not permit attention to be drawn or
diverted from it by any attempts to make party
capital byshiiking the real question, and going
back to the vote on the passage of the joint reso-
lution, at the last session of Congress. Itis well
known to us all that the language of this joint
resolution is so plain that there is no possibility
of giving it the Secretary's construction. I ven-
ture to 'say that no jurist who has any respect
whatever for his reputation would undertake to
decide that the resolution gave the least shadow
of authority for the action of the Secretary of the
Navy under it.
The language of the joint resolution is this:
" in the event of a refusal of just satisfaction by
the Government of Paraguay," the President" be,
and is hereby, authorized to adopt such meas-
ures, and use such force, as in his judgment may
be necessary and advisable." Who can doubt that
the resolution contemplates peaceable measures
first, and the employment of force only after a re-
fusal on the part of Paraguay "of just satisfac-
tion," upon a peaceable and respectful application
therefor by our Government. What is the action
of the Executive and his Secretary of the Navy;
to employ force first, and negotiate afterward. To
that end the Secretary charters, and conditionally
contracts for the purchase of, six propellers and
three side-wheel steamers; for this he had no col-
orable authority.
I have not heard to-night one word in excuse
of this action of the Secretary of the Navy in
chartering these vessels, or contracting condition-
ally for their purchase. The resolution contem-
plated no power of the kind. The same author-
ity which would authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to charter those nine vessels, and contract
for theirpurehase, would authorize him to charter
all the vessels of the British navy, and will any
gentleman on the other side of the House say
that any such authority was conferred. By pass- .
ing the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] you approve this
attempt of the Secretary to arrogate to himself
the power to charter and buy war vessels without
authority of law. I tell gentlemen who sanction
such assumptions of power, that the precedent
may hereafter conie back to plague them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act to provide for ex-
fending the laws and judicial system of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses; when the Speaker signed the same. _
The committee then again resumed its session.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to reduce the amount
$100. Sir, we ai« told by Solomon, the wisest
man who ever lived, that" we must be slow to
anger." I did not suppose, Mr. Chairman, until
the passage of the resolution at the last session of
Congress, and until I had read the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs in this House, and
of the Secretary of the Navy, portraying the
wrongs we had suffered at the hands of Paraguay,
that we had ever had any difficulty with her at
all. Then this House were informed, for the first
time, that she had, by the direction of her Pres-
ident, fired into some steamer authorized by an
act of Congress to go there on an exploring ex-
pedition, killed one of the sailors on board, and
done some damage to the vessel itself. The sub-
ject was brought to us by the Executive, in a com-
munication sent to the House. 1 concur with my
friend from Virginia that, when that communi-
cation was received, there was a war panic in this
