1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
House. We must repair our injured honor; we
must declare war, or quasi war; we must, at all
events, demand that Paraguay should- make an
apology to Qs. That seemed to be the prevailing
sentiment, not only on this side of the House, but
on the other. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bi/klingame,] with intensest emotions
of patriotism, declared that his voice was still for
war. This side of the House wais for war; and
even, it was said, the Black Republican party
were disposed to fight in defense of the honor of
their country. Sir, what does this resolution pro-
pose? To undo, in a great measure, what was
so patriotically done at that time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the
committee to let us bring this discussion to a
close. I am desirous of disposing of these amend-
ments to-night, in order that they may go to a
committee of conference.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the Sen-
ate amendment, as amended.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clay and
Morgan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 73.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Se®.2. Jlml he it further enacted, That the following
general order, issued by the Secretary of the Navy, and
dated January 13,1859, be, and the same is hereby, con-
firmed :
General order.
Chief engineers of more than twelve years will rank with
commanders; chief engineers of less than twelve years
Willi lieutenants ; first assistant engineers, next after lieu-
tenants; second assistant engineers, next after masters;
third assistant engmeeis, with midshipmen. Tins order
confers no autlionty to exercise lmlitaiy command, and no
additional right to quarters.
ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, January 13, 1859.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to add to that, these
words.
Commanding and executive officers of whatever grade
will take precedence over engineer officers.
The amendment was agreed to; and theSenate
amendment as amended was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That the sixth section
of the act of the 16th January, 1857, entitled "An act to
amend'An act tn promote the efficiency of the Navv,'"
shall be so consti ued as to include officers who, at the time
they were dropped or placed upon the reserved list, had been
detached from duty or removed fiom command lor supposed
inefficiency 01 unfitness, but who have since been re^toied
to the active list, and such officers shall receive the same
pay they were receiving, respectively, when they were so
detached or removed by a termination of their cruise, when
so, deducting any pay they may have otherwise received
dining the tunc aforesaid; and that this shall extend to any
officer who has been tiansl'erred from the furlough list to
the leave-of-absence list by the President, with the advice
and consent of the Senate; that such officers of the Navy
as were dropped from the eeiviee by the action of the late
naval retiring board, and who have been subsequently re-
stored1 to the service and placed on the furlough or leave-
pay list, shall be allowed furlough pay if placed on the fur-
lough list, and leave pay if placed on the leave list, for and
during the time they-were so dropped, deducting any pay
which they otherwise received during the tune aforesaid.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is some-
what of a complicated amendment; and. in the
brief time that the Committee of Ways and Means
had to examine it, they could not recommend it
to the House. They therefore recommend non-
concurrence. [Cries of " Question 1" " Ques-
tion !" " We will non-concur."] I merely want
to remark that those officers of the Navy who
have been restored to the active list are provided
for by the sixth section of this act; arid this ;
amendment is an attempt to give a construction |
to the act, which, I think, is inconsistent with its !
provisions. * !
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It has been j
said, on this side of the House—I do not know i
whether it is a word of command or not—that I
"we will non-concur." That is the statement |
made on this side of the House. I do not know j
how far the rule goes. I want it understood that |
it does not include me. j
Mr. GROW. Of course not. j
Mr. CLAY. Does my friend from Kentucky j
include himself? '
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My seat is
on this side of the House. But I want to say
that I do not think this amendment involves great
ambiguity of language. The first part is intended
to reach the case of Cadwalader Ringgold* And
it is exactly because it does reach his case, and
because I think he was unkindly and unjustly
treated, that I feel anxious in regard Urthis amend-
ment. It provides thataman shell! have the pay,
when, on a state of the case, which turns out to
be untrue, he was detached, and was afterwards
restored when his case canriie to be examined by
the constituted authorities of thecountry. It pro-
vides that under such circumstances,.he is not to
be deprived of his pay while so detacj^d.
The rest of the amendment provides that those
who were transferred from the retired list to the
furlough list, and were subsequently restored,
shall have the pay of the higher grade to which
they were restored. The House has voted in
favor of the same principle to-day. Why should
we commit this matter to a committee of confer-
ence? Is not the House capable of acting on it
itself? Is there, in the three propositions of the
-amendment, anything that the House does not
understand ? This is a mere matter of justice to
officers who,even according to the acceptation of
the Government itself, have been treated unwor-
thily by the Government. We can do justice to
these^pien in a moment; but if we transfer it to a
committee of conference, their action will be re-
ported, perhaps, in the small hours of the morn-
ing, when the amendments will be referred to by-
their members only; and we shall not know till
after we get home what we have done in agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Tellers were called for, and ordered; and Messrs.
Stewart, of Maryland, and Marshall, of Ken-
tucky, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 78, noes 57.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
commi ttee do now rise, and report the amendments
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the amendments of the
Senate to the Navy appropriation bill, and had
directed him to report the same to the House, with
the recommendation that some of said amend-
ments be concurred in with amendments and some
without amendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
First amendment of the Senate:
Page 1, line thirteen, insert:
For payment of officers restored to the Navy, under the
provisions of the act of January 16, 1857, during the period
of their retirement or suspension, $63,394.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in the
amendment. *
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 3, after line twenty-five, insert:
For the payment of the charter of vessels for the Para-
guay expedition for nine months, $173,700.
The Committee of the Whole on thp state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in the
amendment, with an amendment, to insert after
the word "charter "the words "or purchase,"
and to add at the end of the clause the following
proviso:
Provided, That if the said vessels shall not be purchased, no
more shall be used of the sum herei n appropriated than may
be necessary to pay for the charter of said vessels at the
rate agreed on, for such time as they maybe employed by
the Government of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think there has
been a mistake in reporting that amendment to
the House. I think the gentleman from Virginia
moved to increase the amount of the appropria-
tion, and that his amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir. I submitted no amend-
ment to increase the amount.
The *mendm«nf ,fecoHN?ie*><ted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole 01* the state of the Union
was agreed to
The question recurred on co eurring m th£
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tlie yeasmd najs,
- The yeas and, nays weee orderea.
The question was taken; and it wfts decide^
in the affirmative-i-yeas 83, nays 77;,as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Abl, Arnold, Avery, Barr,
Bishop, Bdfeoctc, Bonham, Bowie, Bryan, Burnett, Burns,
Caskie, Cavaftaugh, John B. Clark, Clay, James Craig,
Crawford, Davis of Indiana, Dimratck, Dowdell, Eustisj
Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnetl, Gilhs, Groesbeck,
Grover, Lawrence W. Hall, Hodses, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, George W.Jones, Owen
Jones, JacobM. Kunkel, Landy, Leidy,Maclay,McKibhin,
McQueen, McRae, Humphrey'Marshall, Maynard, Miles,
Millsnn, Moore, Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William
W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Redly, Ruffin, Rus-
sell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Iienry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, William Smith, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Ward, Watkins,
White, Whiteley, Winslow, and Wortendyke—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Brayton,Buffinton,Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Horace F.Clark, Clawson, Clar-kB-.Cochrane, Colfax,Coin-
in*, Oovode, Cragm, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dodd,"Durfee, Edie,
Foster, Gklmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan,
Harris, Haskin, Hickman, .Hoard, Horton, Howard, Keim,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Freeman H Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Pottle, Purviance, Bitchie,
Robbins, Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
Tappan, Tompkins, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wood
—77.
So the amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BRANCH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Dean.
Mr. POTTLE announced that Mr. Leach had
paired off with Mr. Atkins.
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Curry had paired
off with Mr. Kilgore.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, stated that
Mr. Talbot had paired off with Mr. Fenton.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Gilman, or he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. REAGAN stated that Mr. Greenwood
had left the Hall in consequence of indisposition.
Mr. CRAWFORD made a similar statement
with respect to Mr. Wright, of Georgia.
Mr. MOORE said: I voted last session against
the resolution authorizing this Paraguay expedi-
tion,and I do not think it ought ever to have been
passed; but as it has been passed, and as I think
the authority has been properly exercised by the
President and the Secretary of the Navy under
it, I vote "ay."
Mr. UNDERWOOD said: If it is in order to
make explanations, I desire to say that I, too,
voted against this Paraguay expedition. I do not
believe, however, that it has been carried out in
accordance with law; yet I do believe that it is
incumbent upon the Government to meet the re-
sponsibilities which have been incurred.
Mr. WHITE announced that Mr. Gartrell,
having been compelled by indisposition to leave
the Hall, had paired off with Mr. Thompson.
The result having been announced as above re-
corded,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate, as amended, was concurred in; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON, (at eleven o'clock and twenty-
eight minutes, p. m.) This side of the House is
pretty well thinned out. I believe there are not
more than a dozen or two members here; and I
move that the House do now adjourn. [Loud
cries of " No!" " No !"] There is no use in try-
ing to stay here and do business, if members leave
us in this way.
Mr. FLORENCE. A hundred and sixty names
were recorded on the last vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. Many members left the
House as soon as they had recorded their votes.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
The third amendmentof theSenate,as amended
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, was concurred in without a division.
