1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
that -would meet the views of a majority of the
House.
Wow, sir, I intend to withdraw the motion to
recommit, and bring the House directly to a vote
upon concurring in the recommendation of the
Committee of the Whole House to strike out the
enacting words of the bill. If the House—as I
trust it will—will not concur in that recommend-
ation, I shall move to strike out the entire bill,
and insert what I hold in my hand.
Several Members. Let it be read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will firstgive
the points to the House, and then the amendment
shall be read. It simply provides? for the pay-
ment of all losses inflicted on the citizens by the
troopsof the United States, and the Indians under
their command. That comes within the princi-
ple laid down yesterday by the senior member
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] as 1 understood it.
I understood him to say that he was willing to
provide for all that class of claims which are for
losses sustained by citizens in property seized or
pressed by officers of the Government, or by
Indians under the command of officers of the
Government. That is certainly just and right.
Mr. CURTTS. " Does the gentleman include
that which would be considered the havoc of war—
that is, the Mraging of the Indians or soldiers,
without the orders of their commanders?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thefirstclass
of cases—the one that I have mentioned—does
not include the havoc of war.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman has alluded
to what I said I was willing to do. I did say, on
yesterday, that I w^s not only wilhnc;, but that
I desired, that these claimants should have the
same relief that was granted under the law of
3816 to all other claimants. If there are any of
that class of claims that have not been paid, I
desire that they shall be paid.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This clause of
my amendment covers that class. Then, sir, 1
provide further—and on this point I wish the
House to-be thoroughly infoimed—1 provide that
all other classes of depredations by the Indians,
upon the property of the citizens of the United
States, shall be settled upon the principles of the
intercourse act of 1834.
Mr. GIDDINGS. !\To; the gentleman misun-
derstood me on that point.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No, sir, I am
now explaining my amendment. I understood
the gentleman from Ohio, yesterday, and on a
previous day, to say that he approv'd the princi-
ples of the intercourse act of 1834. The olhei gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Staxtox,] who moved
an amendment, yesterday, I behev^also approves
of the principles of the intercourse act of 1834.
These citizens d:d not come within the terms of
that act. Hence, to apply the principles of that
act to those citizens, and put them on the same
footing with other citir.ens who did come withm it,
requires additional legislation. Now, sir, 1 insist
that upon principles ot right, upon puneiples of
justice, upon the principles of the settled policy of
the Government, the act of 1634 is light; and all
I ask i  that these claimants shall be brought
within its letter and spirit, by that additional le-
gislation which is necessary.
The gentleman from Ohio on my right, [Mr.
Leiter,] when 1 suggested this to him yesterday,
said that, under this Indian intercourse act of 1834,
this money would have to be taken out of the an-
nuities comingto the Indians. Thatistrue. By the
intercourse act, I believe it would be right to take
the money awarded for these depredations out of
the annuities coming to the Creek Indians. These
Creek Indians are now receiving from the Gov-
ernment, annuities to the amount of §49,000. I
think it would be right to stop their annuities
until the damages occasioned by the members of
their tribe are paid for.
Inasmuch as these depredations were committed
by vicious and lawless members of the tube, not
sanctioned by the tribe, not sanctioned hy even the
chiefs of the tribe. I am myself willing to forego the
withholding of these annuities from the tube, the
great body of which, preserved amity with,, our
Government. But, when the question comes up
between our own citizens and the Indians, if I am
forced to that position, I shall certainly side with
my own countrymen. And righthere, I willstate
that the Government has already paid these
friendly Indians §80,000forthe depredations com-
mitted by the hostiles upon them—for the friendly
Indians were depredated upon, as were the citizens
of the United States; and will you not measure
out to your own citizens the same justice which
you measured out to the sayage ? I ask only that
you shall elevate the citizens of our country to
the same level with the savages, so far as the jus-
tice of this question is concerned. To my mind
it seems but right. I do hot complain that that
$80,000 was paid to the Indians, but I say that
upon the same principle of justice, the same de-
scription of claims upon the part of our own citi-
zens should be paid.
Again, the State of Georgia paid the sum of
"PI ,000 to some citizens, for property destroyedab
'that period. That claim was brought here, and
Georgiahas been indemnified by theGeneral Gov-
ernment. I wish to except that amount from the
claims for which tins bill provides.
Now, sir, I will send this substitute to the
Clerk's table to be read, and then I will answer
any question which may be propounded.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether this $8tf,C00, of wlucl^ lie speaks, was
paid oat of the. mimi'ties due the tribe, or out of
■ the Treasury of the United Stairs?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It was paid
out of the. Treasury of the United States ?
| Mr. STAUNTON. The difficulty about apply-
i mg the principles of the Indian intercourse act to
i this case, as I understand it, is this: the policy
| of the Indian intercourse acus, that there shall be
■ deducted fioni the annuities of the whole tribe, an
I amount suf'Heient to cover the depredations com-
j nutted hy individuals of the tribe upon tho prop-
j erty of white citizens. It is to make the tribe at
I large security for the good behavior of all the m-
| dividuals of the tribe. The effect is, that when
: you retain from such annuities the amount of
; damages sustained by depredations committed,
!^r robberies nuide, ortrespasscs commuted, by m-
| aividuals of tho tube, the tribe are able to with-
; hold fioin the guilty patties their pioportiou of
j the annuities to the amount of damage done; thus
j \isituigupon them the eftects of their misconduct
| as members of the tube.
j Now, this case cannot be brought within the
j principles and the equity of the Indian intercourse
! act, for the reason that the claim was not set up
j at the time, and it is impossible now to visit
I upon the offending members of the tribe the effect
i of their miscondftct. it is impossible for you,
j upon any principle of justice, now when the suc-
: eeediug generation of Indians are icceiving the
I annuities to which ihey are entitled by treaty, to
! wi thhold these annuities for crimes allied to "have
i been commuted by their ancestors It Js, there-
; for", in my judgment, not only impracticable, but
j unjust, to place these claims within the provisions
i of the Indian intercourse act.
! And, sir, there is another reason. Those claims
| never did come within the meaning and the spirit
! of the Indiannitercourseact,because that simply
1 contemplates depredations commuted by indi-
! "vidual Indians w hiie the body of the tribe remained
1 at perfect peace, and were seeking to perpetuate
1 those fuendly relations;.
ij Now, sic, tho evidence in this case shows that
these depredations were committed while m a
j' state of hostilities, or quasi war, to say the least
;1 of it. I tin nk the charges upon the books of the
,; Treasury v/jll show that that was a pretty serious
,■ war, about 1S86, 1837, and 1838. liut. m my
!i judgment, it comes properly within the spirit of
tiio provisions of the act of 1816, regulating a
state of war; and iherefoie the act of 181G, making;
provision to indemnify citizens for depredations
committed and property destroyed while m a
state of foroi£n or domestic war, seems to me to
be the one which is strictly applicable to this case.
I can understand very well that the application of
this law to this case would work very great injus-
tice to particular individuals, as always happens
in a state of war when the Government refuses to
become responsible for the depredations cofti-
mitted and losses sustained. My colleague [Mr.
Giddings] enumerated cases of this kind yester-
day, in which great hardships were, sustained
under these circumstances; but there aft eases
where citizens must take their chances in the for-
tunes of war. So far as my vote is concerned on
this bill, I am for bringing these citizens within
the provisions of the act of 181G.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A few words
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.- He is mis-
taken when he supposes that these troubles were
anything like a general war with the tribe. All
the old leading chiefs disapproved of it, and did
their utmost to suppress the disturbances. Gen-
eral Jesup, in his letter, states that he does not
believe more than one hundred and fifty of these
Indians committed depredations. The spirit of
the nation at large was so much for peace that
it brings the case clearly, in my opinion, though
not within the words, I admit, yet it does bring it
within the spirit of the Indian intercourse act of
1834.
Now, one word upon that point: the gentle-
man says we cannot put it upon the equity of
that act, because the claim was not presented to
the agent in conformity to law. Why,sy*, there
was no agent there. I have said that those claims
do not come within the letter of that act; and to
meet this emergency the Government sent down
two commissioners there to take evidence; and
what wc now ask this House to do is simply to
confirm the awards of these Government com-
missioners, who stood in the place of the super- "
intendent of Indian affairs, or Indian agent, con-
templated by the act of 1834. All we ask is,
that these citizens shall be compensated for their
losses, as others who sustained losses during the
same troubles have been compensated.
Mr. STANTON. Troops were there. There
was, sir, an army there, under the command of
an officer of the United States, and in a hostile
attitude against the Indians. A large portion of
the chums is for depredations committed by sol-
diers in the service of the United States. The
Indians were in arms, in resistance to the troops
of the United States. I take it that that makes a
war. It is not, therefore, a case within the spirit
or letter of tho Indian intercourse act. It is nota
spoliation by one or by half a dozen Indians. It
is strictly, in my judgment, a case that would
come, if anywhere, within the provisions of the
act of 1 BIG; within its equity and spirit. If the*
gentleman had the benefit of the Indian inter-
course act of 1834, it would not avail for these
claimants so far as spoliations committed by
troops of the United States are concerned.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is the
reason why I added tho additional clause to my
substitute.
Mr. STANTON. When you show that spo-
liations have been committed b4^ our troops at
war with Indian tribes, it unmistakably marks it a
ca.se of hostility, and not a case of depredations
committed m tune of peace. What 1 wish to say
in reply to thegentlemnn's proposition togivehim
the benefit, of the Indian intercourse act, is this:
it is not just to give these claimants the benefit of
the Indian intercourse act, and then not* deduct
the damages from the annuities of the Indians;
because it is unequal. In all other cases where
there have been spoliations commuted, and the
claimants have been relieved under the intercourse
act, the Tieasury has contributed nothing. As
the citizens of his State have never contributed for
the payment of spoliations committed by Indians
in other sections, it is unjust and unequal now to
ask us to contribute for spoliations of that kind
commuted m lus State.
Mr. {STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Indian in-
tei course act of 1534 expressly provides, that if
there be no annuities given to the Indians, the
losses shall be paid out of the Treasury of the
United States. That is the express term of the
intercourse act.
Mr. STANTON. Did not the men who were
engaged m that Florida war receive bounty land ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Some gentle-
men argue that this is a war because the Govern-
ment troops were down there. The tribe was
not at war at all. The Government troops were
sent there to protect the settlements against these
maurauding parties of Indians. It was never re-
cognized by this Government as a war; and when
the volunteers who went out applied for bounty
lands, they were refused. But, sir, a portion of
this tribe of Indians, after these depredations were
committed, went down and joined the Scmmoles;
and it was then, that, under the title of the Sem-
inole war, these volunteers were given bounty
land. This is the history of this matter. I want
the House to understand that the Government
never did recognize it as a war. They refused ap-
plications for bounty land to the soldiers who
