528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22.
served there. I ask for the reading of the bill
which I sent up.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
striking out the enacting clause? Will it leave
my amendment pending?
The SPEAKER. It will be to defeat the bill.
Mr.-STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
refuses to strike out the enacting clause, I pro-
pose to substitute for the bill now pending what
will now be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"That-the' Secretary of War bo, and he is heicby, author-
ized and directed to settle the claims of the citizens of
Georgia and Alabama, for the losses sustained by them
during the Indian disturbances of 1836,1837, and 1838, and
which is set torth in Executive Document No. 127, and re-
ported to the second session of the Twenty-Fifth Congress,
upon satisfactory proof bekig rendered of the identity of the
persons therein named, ortheiriegal representatives, so far
as the same falib within the equity of the principles of the
act entitled " An act to i egulate trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes," passed June 30,1834, without charge on
the Indian annuity, and also for all losses for property de-
stroyed by Government troops or the Indians under their
command: Provided, That the payment to be made shall
not exceed the sum of $349,120, less the sum paid hereto-
fore to the State of Georgia upon the claim of Henry W.
Jarnig&n 8c. Co.: Jlnd provided further, That said s-um shall
be in fjill satisfaction and payment for all claims for dam-
ages for property lost by the act of the said Creek Indians,
in the years aforesaid, or winch may have been taken for
Government use.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That substi-
tute limits the amount to the award of the com-
missioners.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This involves
an appropriation of money from the Treasury,
and I take it that under the rules u must have us
first consideration m the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It will be time
enough to raise that question when my amend-
ment is before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot perceive
the force of the gentleman's point. He thinks
that the amendment would be in order; but he will
.decide the question when it arises.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to understand on^
thing from the gentleman from Georgia. These
claims, as I understand, amounted to more than
a million dollars. The bill only provides for the
payment of three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars. Now how is the Secretary of the Treasury
to know which claims to pay? The fund will not
pay all, and are those to be paid which are first
presented until The fund runs out?
'Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As the docu-
ments will show, there were claims presented to
the commissioners amounting to twelve hundred
thousand and odd dollars. The commission made
an award of only three hundred and forty-nine
thousand and odd dollars. Twenty-one thousand
dollars'of that lias been paid to Jarnagm & Co.,
and the remainder remains unpaid. I simply pro-
pose to pay the award of the commissioners, and
reject all the other claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. M r. Speaker, there
are several classes of claims provided for m this
bill. Some, I think, it would be right to pay, and
all the others i would not be willing- to pay. The
bill provides for the payment of several classes for
losses sustained by the destiuction of property. I
think that the Government ought to pay where
provisions were taken for the use of the troops of
the United States, by the troops and Indians m
the service of the United States; but, sir, I am not
willing to pay where losses were sustained by the
destruction of property. I am not willing to pay
for that clnss, and for this reason: when the Creek
Indians made their treaty, ceding their lands in
Alabama, and providing that they should go west,
they reserved certain lands in Alabama to many
of their chiefs, warriors, and head men. Before
the Indians left for the west, the white people
went upon those reservations to purchase them
up. Thovbought, and settled upon some of them,
before the Indians had left. Then, there were
difficulties with the Indians; and the Indians over-
powered them, I suppose, because they were the
most numerous. The white men were driven from
the reservations; and they now come here asking
for payment for the losses they sustained m con-
sequence of their expulsion. I think that they
ought fn have remained out of the country until
the Indians had left it. if they had done so, we
would then have had none of these claims here.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. One word in
reply to the gentleman from Tennessee. AH the
classes of cases he has referred to are not included
in my substitute. I only propose to pay for those
classes of losses which will fall within the equity
and principle of the act of 1834- I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I aslr the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the previous question for a mo-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw
the call.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If I understood the gentle-
man's amendment, from the reading of it at the
Clerk's desk, there is one point on which I would
ask him a question. I wish to know whether it
is intended by that amendment that proof of the
loss sustained is to be dispensed with, and that the :
award of the commissioners is to be held as con-
clusive? The amendment merely provides for
proving the identity of the claimants. If it is in-
tended to act upon the award of the commission-
ers, then I understand the amendment. If it is not
so intended, then I hope that the gentleman will
insert a proviso that the payment shall be on proof
of loss and the i4entity of the claimant.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Secretary
of War will take either the proof now reported or
any other proof of the loss; but the loss*must be
established, or else payment cannot be made.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to make an enquiry
of the gentleman from Georgia. Suppose the
enacting clause shall not be stricken out, will he
allow my amendment to come in, so that the sense
of the House maybe tested as to which they will
adopt—his or mine ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am content
that the House shall decide between them. If
the enacting clause be not stricken out, I am will-
ing that the vote shall be taken; first upon his
amendment, and then upon mine.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to suggest one thing.
| I know that what I suggest the gentleman infr
tended to embrace, and that is, that there shall be
a proviso added that Tiothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to pay for property
which has been heretofore paid for.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am willing
to accept that as a modification of my proposi-
tion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would suggest, also, that
it distinctly appear that the payment shall be
made under the same rules which are established
by the executive department under the law of 1816.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not know
what those rules are. I think that my amend-
ment is sufficiently guarded now. I suppose those
rules are adapted to that law, and they might not
sait this'biil. 1 do not, therefore, care to adopt
them.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely wish that these
claimants shall have the same measure of justice
that has been dealt out to others. I would have
that appear in the nmendment, and then 1 will
vote with him That is all I ask.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The House
will understand that the gentleman wants to put
it upon the principle of the act of 1816, which
refers to the war of ISlti; when I want to put it
on the act of 1834, long subsequently. There
we differ. I call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
his call for the previous question for a moment.
Several Members. Oh, no; let us have a vote.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Gcoigia* There seems
to be n disposition that i shall insist on the call
for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. Then 1 shall vote against the.bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the dfiiimative—yeas 98, nays 77; as follows:
!i YEAS—Mc^r-*. JJmsrbam. Bins, IJoeock, Binyton, Buf-
1, finton. Bui nett. Em Clark, dawson, Colib, Clark 15. Coch-
lane, Cocketill. Corning, Cox, Ciatrm, Davis of Indiana,
■ U.iVH of Iowa, cs, Dean, Dodd. DinlVe. llncii^h, Farns-
I worth, Foiiton, Florence. Folcv, GariKjtt, Giddin«s, Giliis,
Goods', Gianiri't, Gr*'<:jr, Grocsbfok, Grow, llobeit B. Hall,
'i IJarhtn, Jlaskni, ilouid. Hodge^, Jlotton, Jf!u«rhes, Huyler,
(/i'oijic W. Kclln«} , Kcl-cy, Kuapp,
i. Lavv«i*ii<?e, L^'i^h. Lridy, Lovejoy, S-umui 8. M;u<hall,
II Matieson, Miller, Mill-on, Mom<:ofn'jiy, Morgan, Morn!!,
i; li-aac N. Mnuis. Oliver A. Morse, Mutt, Murray. Oltn,
Palmer, Patker, Pc.idlcton, iV.ht. Phillip-*, l' >ttei, Pottle,
Powell, Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins. Hover, Scales, Sear-
ing, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Sickles, Singleton,
Hubert Smith. Spmner, Stevenson, William Stewait, Tal-
bot, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Wade, Walbudge, Waldron, Caihvairubr C. Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
Winslow—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Alii, Anderson, Atkins, Aveiy, Barks-
dale, Bonham, Branch, Bryan, Burlingame, Case, Cava-
nangh, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Colfax, James
Craig, Ciawfordj Curry. Cuius, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Mississippi, Dewart. Dowdcll, Edmundbon, Fo"tei,Gar-
trell, Gilmer, Gooch, Greenwood, Lawrence W. Hall, flar-
rn, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Keim,
Kiljjore, Lamar, Leiter, Maelay, McR.ie, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Maynard, Moore, Edward .Toy Moirw, Nibfark, Nich-
ols, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps Pike,
Reagan, Rieaud, Russell. Sandid'j[e. lavage, f-eott, Seward,
Aaron Shaw, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wiiham Smith,
Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stephens," James A. Stcwait. George
Taylor, Thayer, Trippe, Walton, Watkins, Wlnteley,
Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke,and Zollieofler—77.
So the bill was defeated; the enacting clause
being stricken out.
Pending the call,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said: Mr.
Speaker, there seems to be some misunderstand-
ingin reference to the effect of the motion to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to debate.
Mr. STEPHENS of Georgia. I will only state
that, by voting to strike out the enacting clause,
gentlemen vote for the defeat of the bill, and that
my amendment cannot then be offered.
Mr. MORGAN I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the motion to
strike out the enacting clause, if agreed to, will be
the defeat of the bill.
Mr. COMINS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Hill on this bill, some days ago.
Mr. KEITT stated that h&had paired off with
Mr. Chaffee, and that he had intended to ex-
cept this bill, but not being certain whether he had
or not, he would refrain from voting.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Ruffin, was detained at home by
sickness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the enact-
ing clause was stricken from the bill. I am per-
fectly well satisfied, sir, that a large portion of
this claim is correct. I haye investigated the mat-
ter, and I am satisfied of'that fact. When the
claim was presented here some years ago, I de-
nounced it as fraudulent, for then it was attempted
to cover ail the claims which had been presented
to the board of commissioners to the extent of
some twelve hundred thousand dollars. In my
examination of the award of those commissioners,
I find that they have not embraced any claim
which ought not to have been allowed; and as the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] now
proposes a bill founded upon that awaid and
guarded, as it ought to be, I shall vote for it. It
does not embrace any of the fraudulent claims
which I have heretofore denounced. I voted
against the bill, or for the motion to strike out
the enacting clause, because I wanted to put my-
self right before my constituents, and the gentle-
man would not yield for that purpose. I have
now submitted the motion to reconsider, and I
shall vote with the gentleman from Georgia. My
action now will be consistent with my former ac-
tion. I wish to make this explanation, not only
to place myself right here, but right before my
constituents. Somebody a while ago stated that
I voted, to strike out the enacting clause of this
bill because I was prejudiced against one of my
constituents. I should like that gentleman to rise
here now, and say whether he will stand by that
remark. I pause for a reply. Nobody responds.
Then nobody says it.
I will refer now, Mr. Speaker, to a document
which contains all the details of this case. It
shows in detail the claim's presented to the board
of Commissioners. I will read some of them, and
when I do so I shall have put myself right before
the House and the people T represent.
A claim was presented to these commissioners
for $2,130 41. What did they allow? One thou-
sand four hundred and twenty dollars and twenty-
eighi cents. Another claim was presented tor
$2,448. What did the commissioners allow?
Four hundred dollars. Iam referring to page 36.
Another claim was presented for $12,23U. The
commissioners did not allow anything, and there-
, fore that claim will be excluded by the provisions
] of this bill. Another claim was for $1,628, and the
