1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
The case occupied several months in its investiga-
tion; many witnesses were examined on both
sides by authority of the Committee of Elections,
and just at the close of the first sessioh two re-
ports were presented from the committee; five
members thereof, constitutingamajority, reported
that Mr. Naylor was entitled to retain his seat;
while three of the remaining four members of the
committee reported that frauds had been proved,
and against the legality of Mr. Naylor's return.
The majority report was adopted on January 15,
1841, the second month of the second session of
that Congress; and the memorialist, Mr. Inger-
soll", now aslcs to be paid the usual mileage and
.compensation during the time that the contest was
pending and undetermined.
Mr. "PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, when this
case was referred to the Committee of Elections
at the last session, I may say there was no differ-
ence of opinion among the members of the com-
mittee. The only objection that seemed to exist,
was that many years'had elapsed since the occur-
rences took place out of which the claim arose.
But the delay was explained in part, by the fact
that the memorialist became himself soon after a
member of Congress, and remained so for six
years, and during all that time would not permit
his claim to be presented.
This case, sir, is not like any case that may be
presented under the existing law. The members
of the committee will recollect, that at that titgp
contests were made before the House of Repre-
sentatives or their committee here. Since that
time the law has been so changed, as that the con-
testant need not leave his place of residence; and,
therefore, there seems no reason why the contest-
ant should be now paid, while there was then
every reason why a contestant who had made a
contest in good faith, should receive his per diem
allowance. Now, I appeal to the justice of the
members of this committee. I am not afraid—and
I hope my confidence is well founded—that they
will be governed by partisan prjjudices in this
matter.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr: PHILLIPS. Yes, sir.
Ml'. KELSEY. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether the House before
which this contest between Ingersoll and Naylor
was had, did not refuse to pay Mr. Ingersoll ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. They refused to suspend the
rules for the introduction of a resolution to pay
him. 13ut let the gentleman answer me whether
he does not intend to vote for claims that other
Congresses have rejected? If he is willing to pin
his taitli upon the sleeves of others, let him say
so; and while I jliffer with him in Ins rule of ac-
tion, 1 shall expect him to abide by it.
* Mr. KELSEY. 1 am not willing to vote for
any claim that addresses itself peculiarly to the
discretion of a preceding Congress, which preced-
ing Congress has rejected it. This claim rests
upon no legal right, but upon the discretion of the
House.
I hold, that where there is a contest in good
faith, the House that passes upon that question
ought also to decide upon the question of paying
tlie*contestant. I would pay the contestant in all
cases where the contest was made in good faith;
but where the House that has heretofore decided
upon the contest has refused to pay, I would not
review their decision and reverse it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Committee of Elections
have repeatedly reported in favor of this claim.
The committee has never, so far as I know, been
divided by party influences m the consideration
of it; and there has never been a minority report
against the claim. The gentleman cannot, there-
fore, doubt the justice and merits of the claim,
according to the precedents of the House. If the
rule had=been adopted years ago, that the man
who contested a seat should not bo paid, I think
it would have been a wise policy; and, in pre-
senting this report, I suggested that I was only
following in the beaten track of the precedents of
the House.
I would ask the gentleman from New York if
lie did not vote to pay Governor Recder, who con-
tested the seat of the Delegate from Kansas, in
the last Congress ? I would also ask him if he did
not vote to pay Mr. Archer, the contestant of the
seat occupied in the last Congress by the present
Clerk of the House? The gentleman made no
objection to the principle then. Now, according to
my view, the man who contests a seat, under the
present state of the law, ought not to be paid at all.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman hear my
answer to his question?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KELSEY. I did vote to pay Governor
Reeder; but that House had decided the question
between the contestant and the sitting Delegate,
and the case came within the rule I have laid
down. We decided the main question; and we
decided the collateral one also, as to paying the
contestant.,
Mr. PHILLIPS. It strikes me that the gen-
tleman strains at a gnat and swallows a camel
when he votes for compensating Governor Reeder
and refuses compensation in this case.
Now, what were the facts in this case ? Two
gentlemen came here, each with a certificate from
the Governor of Pennsylvania, (there had been a
change of Governors,) and each with a certificate
from the same number of return judges. Air. Nay-
lor was received as the sitting member, and his
right to the seat was contested mgood faith by Mr.
Ingersoll. The delay in the decision of the ques-
tion was not caused by the memorialist; that is
not even intimated. And I believe that this is the
only claim of this description that remainsun paid,
with the exception of one of recent occurrence,
which we shall reach further down on the Calen-
dar.
I will remind the gentleman from New York,
that the case of Mr. Botts, of Virginia,.is one on
which the payment was not made by the Congress
•that decided the question of the contest, but by a
subsequent Congress. Now, 1 would ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether, if he is satisfied
thatother Congresses acted wrongly in not paying
this claim when they have paid others of a simi-
lar character, he will not now, even at this late
day, do this tardy act of common justice ?
Let me show the gentleman where ho places
himself. This-is a claim upou the Government,
lie says that the Congress which decided the con-
test is tlic onlv tribunal that should decide the
question. Well, then, let him plant himself upon
the doctrine that when a claim has once been re-
jected, that decision shall be final, and Congress
'shall not leverse it. I understand very well the
distinction which he draws; but there ought to be
some principle upon which we are to act. Here
is a man who comes here m good faith—the faith
of the transaction is not questioned or impugned. !
From the anxiety of the eoinrmttee who had it in |
charge to obtain all the testimony bearing on the
case," it was not decided by the House _until the
second month oT the second session of the Con-
gress; and then, four out of the nine members of
the Committee of Elections declared it as then-
opinion that the allegations of Mr. Ingersoll were
sustained. Now, I ask if the precedents here do
not all authorize the payment of tins claim? This
claimant, who is a constituent of mine, does not
come here to ask a favor at the hands of the
House; he comes to ask it as a right.
Mr. UOCOCK. By the leave of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I will say that the rule is
clearly a coi'rect one—and 1 th.nk the gentleman
will concur with me—that where a man comes
here to contest a seat in this House, if he does
not succeed, lie ought not to be paid for it. But
there seems to be a distinction between this and
the usual casts coming under the rule 1 have
named; which difference grows out of the appa-
rent conflict about the;m l« facie, right to the seat.
It seems that three of the judges of election cer-
tified that Mr. Naylor was entitled to the seat,
and three that Mr. Ingersoll was entitled to il
The Governor then in power gave the certificate
to Mr. Naylor, who was admitted without ob-
jection to his,^eat in the organization of the House.
Subsequently, another Governor gianted a certif-
icate to. Mr. Ingersoll. That statement made by
a gentleman who preceded me, throws a doubt on
the question as to whom the prima facie right to
the seat belq^jed. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, if, by the laws of his State, the
judges are not bound ; : report to the Governor
then m power; and whether the Governor then in
power is not bound to make a return to the House
of Representatives; and whet her the action ot .my
subsequent Governor is not snpcroga'ory; if
that is so, then Mr. Naylor had the prima facie
right to the seat.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is correct; but the' duty of the Governor
is only ministerial. He can only go upon the
returns of a majority of the return judges. In
this instance there were no such returns. In this
case the returns were in such confusion that the
judges of election could not agree which candidate
had been elected. The election took place during
the disturbances which you, Mr. Chairman, [Mr.
Grow,] will very well remember as the " buck-
shot war." Mr. Ingersoll came here as the con-
testant, in good faith. Some of the committee
said he was right in his allegations. I refer the
gentleman to the report of the committee, in which
he will see that the case has had a properexamin-
ation. The only question is, whether the House
will follow the precedents which have been fol-
lowed ever since the organization of the Govern-
ment, and give Mr. Ingersoll the compensation.
I answered the gentleman just now that this ques-
tion was decided by the Congress in which it
arose. I should have said that it was not decided
at all by that Congress. The House only refused
to suspend the rules to take up the resolution,
which required a two-thirds vote.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman tell me
what was the vote of the House on that occasion ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 cannot. 1 do not remem-
ber the, numbers; but I think the vote was very
large against the proposition.
Mr.'KELSEY. It was eighty-six against; to
forty-nine in favor of, suspending the rules
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is quite likely. This is the
only raw which 1 find, involving the same princi-
ple, whiah remains unpaid, it is the last case re-
maining under the jgld law. I concut with the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] as a gen-
eral rule, contestants failing to obtain their seats
should pay their own expenses.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will ask this
question: whether the Governor of Pennsylvania,
under the laws of Pennsylvania, had any author-
ity to give the certificate of election to any candi-
date whose election was not certified by a major-
ity of the judges of the election ?
M r. Pll ILL1PS. I have already answered that
question in the negative.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then he had no
riclit to give a certificate to Mr. Naylor.
°Mr. PHILLIPS. Under the circumstances, it
may have been right for hi id to give a certificate
to one of the parties. Certainly, having given
the certificate to Mr. Naylor, he was very prop-
erly admitted by the House as the sitting mem-
ber. This is a case winch certain]y appeals'
strongly to the justice ot the House, iind I trust
that it may be reported back to the House, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. G1DDINGS- ! will detain the committee
but a moment. 1 believe that there are but three
or four of us who have been members of this
House as far back as this Naylor and Ingersoll
case occurred. It is well known, I believe, that
Mr. Ingersoll remained in Philadelphia, in the
practice of the law, while this contest was_going
?>n here, ami until it was decided. Mr. Naylor
came into Congress with the regular certificate of
the Governor, and was admitted by the House
without hesitation. Mr. Iugersoll's claim was
not regarded bv the Whigs of that day as a very
stiong one.^This has been made a question be-
tween pobtfUl parties to such an extent that it
has entirely broken down the old rule, which I
think was the proper one—that the Congress de-
ciding the contest should decide the per diem of
the contestants. It is the only correct rule, which
should obtain in Congress; for that Congress
knows well the merits of the claimants; but, as
1 sa id, in the contest between parties, we have been
drawn away from the original practice. 1 here
i was another cdse—-that of Air. Bolts, of vngnud
 which was as nearly parallel this as anybody
i could possibly imagine. I believed that Mr. Botts
: came here without any real merit in his ciatm,
and,although a strong Whig at the time, 1 lOtett
: against his obtaining a seat and against his com-
I pensation. 'I did not believe he had any right
; whatever, in justice, more than Mr. Ingersoll
i had. '
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he eoes not know that the claim of Mr.
liotts for compensation was rejected by the Con-
gress which decided his rigbfcto a seat, and that
Ft was passed five or six years afterwaids ?
