1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 3,
Carolina, [Mr. Clikgman,] last year, I hope at
least they will be put up to competition in some
shape or form. As it is, I consider this nothing
else than a proposition to renew these mail routes
for something less than the original amount. I
am against it.
Mr. YCJLEEX The difficulty about competi-
tion is, that these crossings are private property;
they are' monopolies; and the only manner in
which we can create a competition is by bringing
the crossings into competition with each other.
As I stated to the Senate, I found they were not in
a condition to be brought into competition. The
Panama company is upon its feet; theTehuantn-
pec is not; and Nicaragua is closed; and the treaty
under which we expected to open it remains yet
unconfirmed by the Nicaraguan Government.
Two years was as short a time as we could ex-
pect any parties to invest the large capital neces-
sary to do this service, and hazard themselves
upon a termination of the contract at the will of
the Postmaster General. During that two years
we shall know what Tehuantepec can do, and
whether it can be relied upon safely for mail com-
munication between the two sections. So Nic-
aragua will be open by one party or another. If
thifcj amendment is adopted, the Government will
have the privilege of transporting the mail with-
out reference to private parties,and then the Post
Office Department can avail itself of the advant-
ages which the rivalry of the three crossings will
afford. Possibly, by that time Honduras may
have a way across. It will be desirable to bring
as many of them into competition as possible.
Oue reason why, although Tehuantepec cannot
be entirely relied upon now, it is desirable to give
her whatever may be necessary to enable her to
carry on the service, is, that the Tehuantepec
route may become sufficiently developed to be
able to take her place as a rival and competitor,
that we may have some competition, in the course
of a year or two, between the routes. Senators
must keep in mind that these crossings are pri-
vate property, monopolies; that they are in for-
eign countries, and we have no power to control
them; that, under that coercion, we have been
obliged to pay $100,000 a year for crossing the
forty-eight miles of railroad atPanama; and there
was no escape from it. This is, altogether, the
best arrangement practicable, and it is a good ar-
rangement, and I recommend it to the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am very sorry that this great
question is precipitated upon us on the last day
of the session. It has been veiy well known that
these mail contracts will expire next October.
Indeed, they expired a year ago, in truth; but by
some very improper decisions made at the De-
partment about them, they got a year more than
the law allowed, and we are called upon now to
continue these special contracts again.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator from Georgia
allow me to interrupt him just to ask a question
in regard to the legislation,'from the chairman of
the committee?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have not got ten minutes
myself. I have no desire to occupy the time of
the Senate unnecessarily, but 1 will give way.
Mr. POLK. I will not interrupt the Senator;
he may go on. '
Mr. TOOMBS. I want an efficient mail ser-
vice from this side of the Rocky Mountains to
the Pacific coast. 1 can see no reason on earth
why the mail should not be carried by whatever
line will lake it soonest and cheapest. The idea
that you must have one from New York to Pan-
ama, ami then around to San Francisco, and one
by way of Tehuantepec, is erroneous, t want to
take the best one. If the route from New Yoik
to Panama, nnd from there to Sun Francisco, is
the best, take it; carry the mail there. We have
now four overland mails to the Pacific coast, and
two Isthmus routes—one at Panama and one at
Tehuantepec; and I suppose we shall have an-
other, if we have the bad fortune to have the Cass-
Ynsstin treaty ratified; and the Senator from
Florida intimates that we are to have one in Hon-
duras. The way to put these various routes in
competition is exactly the reverse of what is now
proposed. You will never get them into compe-
tition as long as you employ them ail. The way
to get competition between them is to propose to
carry the mail by whichever line can carry it
soonest and cheapest. I do not care whether these
crossings are private property or not. If you want
the service on only one, and there are two, or three,
or four, or five of them, make your proposition
directly with the one that will do it cheapest and
best, and then you can protect yourselves; but
you can never protect yourselves as long as you
employ them ail. That is the way to continue
this business a close monopoly; it is not the way
we do in any other respect.
This very measure shows on its face that the
mail can be carried from New York, by way of
New Orleans and Tchuantepec, to San Francisco,
shorter than by the way of Panama. If that is
true, carry it there. The objection is, that the
Central American Government may shut up one.
Then hire your mail temporarily. It may cost
you §100,000; it may cost you more money; but
why depart from the great principle of having
your mail carried on that route where you can get
it done quickest and cheapest? That is the only
principle I go upon. As for carrying people from
this side to the other, I would not give half a dol-
lar to carry a million men a year. It is not my
business. I would not givo fifty cents to aid that
in the slightest degree; and I never intend to do
so. 1 will not, so far as my vote is concerned,
directly or indirectly, give one dollar to aid the
transportation of the people of this country by sea
or by land. 1 leave that business to those who
want to engage in it.
I think it is a good cause of complaint against
the gentlemen who have managed this depart-
ment of tho public service, that they come to us
with a proposition like this, on the 3d day of
March, the last day of the session, when the fact
that these contracts would expire in the recess of
Congress has been well known for a long time.
Our postal service from here to California costs
us now from two and a half to three million dol-
lars annually, or about as much money as the
entire transportation of all the mails of the Uni-
ted States cost before the acquisition of Califor-
nia. If you are going to spend this money for
some other purpose, disconnect it from the mail
service. It is impossible to make any real reform
while you continue this system. People, very
justly, complain that you want to make the mail
service pay for other objects than carrying the
mail. I think it isa just cause of complaint with
people living in sections of the country where the
nuul can be carried for less than they pay in
postages, that you should increase the postages,
or impose any other burdens on them, when you
aie keeping up steam lines to the Pacific coast at
such an enormous expense—not for carryingthe
mails, but for other objects. They may be good
objects, worthy objects, but do not put them on
the mail service, and run that to $10,000,000 de-
ficiency, when it is not for the purpose of carry-
ing the mails, but for other objects which gentle-
men may consider beneficent, but I do not. This
measure ought to have been here before; it ought
not to be put on this miscellaneous appropriation
bill; and i do not think Congress ought to allow
itself to be surprised into passing amendments
about which you can know nothing, when they
are sprung upon us at this hour, after twelve
o'clock on the last day of the session. I shall
vote against it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Without repeating what
has been so well said by the Senator from Geor-
gia, I would call attention, for a moment, to the
true condition of tins amendment, as I understand
it. It is not true that it gives to the people on
the Pacific coast a weekly mail at all. The mail
that runs from Panama is to go up on that side
to San Francisco and Astoria only twice a month.
The mail that starts from New Orleans, and goes
by the way of Tehuantepec, is to intersect the
same steamer and be carried up at the same time.
Of course, then, on the Pacific coast, under this
amend roent, there will not be an arrival and depar-
ture more than twice a month. It is true, you
may start a letter from New Orleans, by way of
Tehuantepec, a week after one is started from
New York by way of Panama; and be in time to
reach the steamer from Panama, hut that does
not help the service on the west coast at all. I
think this Government might avail itself of the
competition of these two routes on fair proposi-
tions, if it were truly adjusted, a proper bill pre-
pared, and time given for it; but that lias not been
done. Inasmuch, however, as this service will
expire before the next session of Congress, I
desire to amend the amendment so as to provide
that the Postmaster General shall make these con-
tracts for the year ensuing, and, in the mean time,
we may make some other provision for it.
Mr. POLK. While the Senator from Vermont
is preparing his amendment, 1 should like to get
an explanation from the chairftian of the Post
Office Committee. I find that the amendment
which he proposes limits the time of carrying
the mail between New York and San Francisco
by the Panama route, and also by the Tehuan-
tepec route. Then it proposes, also, the carry-
ing of the mail from San Francisco up to Astoria,
but does not limit any time for that service at ail,
as I understand, but allows the contractors to
take what time they please.
Mr. YULEE. There is no necessity for a
limitation there; that is, practically, a local ser-
vice. The inquiry is very naturally made, by
the Senator from Georgia, for the reason of the
late presentation of this subject here. My own
judgment was, that it should have been acted
upon at the last session, and I so proposed; but
the opinion of those who ruled the question, and
properly, and no doubt judiciously, ruled it,
was, that it would be better for the interests of
the Government to wait until this session, be-
cause it was then expected that Nicaragua would
be open, and it was desirable to see better what
Tehuantepec could do. The committee took the
subjcct up, at this session, at a very early day,
and have spent a great deal of time on it, and
taken the subject in various forms before them,
and expected to have brought it forward at a
much earlier date; but it has been owing to the
unusual and unprecedented action of the House
of Representatives that we come in, by necessity,
at so late an hour. The bill to which this is ap-
propriate was acted upon in the other House a
week ago, but was laid upon the table. Although
it contained appropriations made necessary by
existing laws, and no other appropriations than
were necessary by existing laws, and called for
by the estimates of the Department, yet that bill
was laid upon the table m the House, and re-
mained there until yesterday, when the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means called it
up again, and, upon a vote of the House, it was
laid upon the table finally, for the session, by a
very large majority. It is therefoie that we are
so late m coming before the Senate; and I am
obliged to move it on this bill, because it is a ser-
vice necessary to be performed. We cannot set
down the mails, or abandon the service, between
the Atlantic coast and California, and this is the
only practical and practicable mode of performing
the service. The overland routes are unable to
do the service. They cannot carry the mails.
The Senator asks why we employ two lines. I
will tell him. This is a very widely extended
country. We have a very great population in the
valley of the Mississippi, who have intimate per-
sonal connection with the population on the Pa-
cific side. We have a great mass of population,
and of active, commercial people, in the eastern
States, who have also very large and extended
connection with the people of the Pacific. We
must provide for both. The route by way of
Panama from New Orleans, through which the
valley of the Mississippi would pass in its inter-
course with the Pacific, would be more cosily
than the service now aci ' ss from New Orleans
through Tehuantepec, and would not be as good
a service. While we cannot rely as yet upon
Tehuantepec for the service of the commercial
States on the Atlantic, for the reason that,rs the
service is only twice monthly, the large mail mat-
ter accumulates to such an extent that, on a route
which has over a hundred miles of staging, it
would be improper and impossible to rely, as yet,
in the new condition of that route, upon "it for the
transportation of the mails, which sometimes
amount to three or four hundred bags; and, if I am
not mistaken, the weight of the mails to be taken
over is: sometimes a hundred tons or more. That
would have to be done over a hundred miles of
road not yet fully prepared for transportation,
either upon the backs of mules or in coaches, and
would be very difficult and uncertain, in the rainy
season especially.
Now, the committee thought it proper to make
arrangements by which, while both portions of
the country would be best accommodated, the
transmission of the mails might be mode certain,
at a considerable saving from the cost which we
