THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
thirty-fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1859.
New Series..,...No. 1$?.
hart others bound, and now we have two almost
ready. There remain seven volumes of text to be
printed. Some of these are printed in part. All
the manuscripts are prepared except the work on
icthiology, and a portion of Captain Wilkes's me-
moir on hydrography, which was prepared and
put into the hands of the publisher two or three
years ago, and the manuscript burnt up at the
time of the fire in Philadelphia, as well as that
portion of it which had been printed.
Now, sir, I may safely say that this is a great
work; that it is honorable to the science of the
country. I know it is so. They republish it in
foreign countries. Bohn has been glad to repub-
lish a cheap edition of Pickering's races of man,
a tfork which sells freely, not only in England,
but in this country, and has been translated. I
know the work on ferns alone is very much de-
sired by some scientific men fond of botany; and
that as much as §500 has been offered for a single
copy of that volume of ferns, because it is very
scarce and valuable. I confess, I should regret
to see this work cut off and left incomplete. I
admit the appropriation is quite a large one when
we come to talk about books; but it is not large
when we consider the nature of this work, the
plan upon which it is published, and the immense
amount of material which we have accumulated
by this exploring expedition. I have submitted
a report which shows in detail the cost of every
volume; how much has been paid to every author;
how much has been paid for engraving; how much
for coloring; how much for printing; how much
for binding; and how much for contingencies.
The contingencies during the whole sixteen years
amount to about fifteen thousand dollars. That
includes the rent of this house here m Washing-
ton, $300 a year; it includes the rent of a fire
proof in Philadelphia, where we put our plates,
that they may not be destioyed by fire, from which
plates these beautiful engravings can be repeated
whenever it is necessary. It includes also trans-
portation; it includes the expenses of the super-
intendent or person whom we call assistant, trav-
eling from here to Philadelphia and Boston, to
superintend the artistic preparation of the work,
and back; and all those little odds and ends which
sometimes are very large, but in this case amount
to rather less than a thousand dollars a year—
quite a small sum. I am satisfied the work has
been economically done, so far as the prices paid
to each individual are concerned, except perhaps
to the writers of the articles. Before i had any-
thing to do with the committee, they had agreed
to give these writers $1,440 a year, or $120 a
month; a very bad plan, in my opinion, inasmuch
as the writing of a book at $1,440 a year is apt to
take a great deal more time than a contract to do
it for a specific sum. As for the later publications,
we endeavored to avoid that objection by con-
tracting for specific sums.
I will not detain the Senate long; and at this
time of the day, and of the session, I know I
ought, to condense what 1 have to say. I will
simply state further, in regard to this estimate,
that I have paid most particular attention since
the*restoration of my health, to making it up—
having detailed to the officer in charge of it every
thing which it was necessary to calculate; and, .
so far as it is possible forme to know beforehand ;j
that such a thing can be correct, 1 believe it to be 1
so.
Mr. HALE. When I first read Dickens's '
Bleak House, and his description of that ever- !
lasting chancery suit, Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce, f 1
thought it was an exaggeration; but! think, really, :
that Wilkes's exploring expedition has performed :
a thing of romance that will tax credulity vastly j
more than Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce. One of the I
first subjects I ever recollect, in my first years in ,
politics, was Wilkes's expedition. I got into !
Congress, and 1 found Wilkes's expedition here.
I was out of the House of Representatives for
some time, and came to the Senate, and still I
found Wilkes's expedition. I was six years in ,
the Senate, and we were promised that we were ;
getting pietty nearly to the close of it, but we ,'J
102
had Wilkes's expedition every year. I went out
of the Senate; came back for another term; and
here, at the close of my second term of senatorial
service, is Wilkes's expedition. 1 have been re-
elected ; and I suppose if I were to be reelected
again, I should find Wilkes's expedition here at
the end of my time.
I think the whole thing has been entirely con-
trary to what Congress anticipated when they
authorized the expedition. It was intended to be
an expedition to explore the world and find out
something. I think Wilkes never went as far
north as Captain Cook did. He made no real dis-
coveries, although I believe we have some school
books which have pictures of mountains of ice on
what they call Wilkes's continent. Instead of
going out and really being an exploring expedi-
tion, and coming home and reporting to the coun-
try, and giving some information, there has been
a little of everything that was ever made or thought
of raked up from the bottom of the sea—shells,
fish, plants, and everything else, brought home
in one conglomerated mass, and all the scientific
men in the country enlisted to dissect and ana-
lyze and distribute, and describe and arrange this
mass of matter which Wilkes brought home.
There may be a vast deal of science in it; I have
no doubt there is; but this scientific labor, in my
humble judgment, was entirely foreign to what
Congress intended when they authorized this ex-
pedition. It sailed, I think, some sixteen or eigh-
teen years ago, and was authorized by an act of
Congress as much as six years before it sailed—
certainly several years.
Mr. PEARCE. I will tell the Senator, if he
will allow me, that the act was passed in 183G, I
think. I know it passed after I came to Con-
gress; and I came m December, 1835; and I know
the squadron sailed in 1838.
Mr. HALE. There may not have been more
than two years between the passage of the act by
Congress and the sailing of the expedition; but I
will tell you one facr. They collected a company
together to go on this exploring expedition, and
there was some difficulty about appointing a com-
mander; they took the whole concern and em-
ployed it to carry Santa Anna home to Mexico,
after General Houston had made a prisoner of
him. The exploring expedition's first duty was
to cany Santa Anna home. Since that, we have
been publishing and publishing; and we are still
to publish. If it was published m such a form
that anybody could get at it—if it was published
in a cheap form, so that the people could get at
it—it might amount to something; but you pub-
lish about a hundred volumes, and they are so
immensely valuable that they are of no possible
use to this country, but they are sent abroad to
exchange with foreign libraries; and thus an im-
mense expense is incurred, not for the benefit of
the people of this country. I am opposed to the
whole tiling. I want to see an end of it; and I
think this is as good a place to meet it as any.
Mr. PEARCE. If the woiks of the exploring
expedition be voluminous, they are hardly more
so than the Senator's speeches on that subject;
and—he will forgive me for saying it—I will add,
there is a great deal more variety in them than in
the speeches. The Senator has repeated to-day
the speech he has made three, or four, or five times,
1 think, on this subject; and he has reiterated his
denunciations, not of the proceedings of the com-
mittee, but of the law. We are not responsible
for the law. It may have been very indiscreet in
Congress to enter into this publication. I incline
to think it was. I hope Congress will never en-
gage in another such publication; but the law
contemplated exactly such a work as the commit-
tee have been carrying on; and the committee would
have been faithless in their duty, if they had not
sought to carry out the act as they have done.
Let the law which Congress passed be censured
by the gentleman, but do not let him make that an
objection to the completion of the works which
have been carried on, and are proposed to bp car-
ried on, strictly in conformity with law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a good deal of
prejudice in Congress with reference to this work,
and I confess that I am not surprised at it. I have
shared the feeling myself. I am not prepared to
say now, that there was not Something Wi-dng
about it in the beginning. I see that my fHeftd,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, looks
anxious. I have but a few words to say, and I
deem it my duty to say them.
Congress authorized an exploring expedition
long ago. It necessarily contemplated results of
advantage to the country, and it necessarily con-
templated the publication of what might be ac-
quired by that expedition in the discharee of its
duties. When the expedition returned, Congress
decided to publish those results,and it decided to
publish them in a style and manner that should
be creditable to the country. I t was looked upon
as a great national work, which should be cred-
itable to us, and advantageous to us and the world
in its consequences. Perhaps it was begun on
too large a scale; perhaps it was not begun with
sufficient consideration; but it is too late-to go
into that subject now. The thing was agreed
upon, and has been in progress. The Senator
from New Hampshire talks about the length of
time it has taken. Why, sir, it necessarily con-
templated a great length of time. There are over
twenty large volumes upon a great variety of sci-
entific subjects. They cannot be done in a day,
or in a year, or in a decade of years. They re-
quire a period of time; different hands td be em-
ployed, and careful examination so as to do the
work in a manner which should do us credit as a
young nation. Perhaps gentlemen may say it
never should have been begun, So be it; but it
was begun, and has been fn the course of prog-
ress for a long period of years. Perhaps, too,
we have spent more money on it than we ought
to have done. It seldom happens that a nation
undertakes a work that is conducted in the most
economical manner. I dare say too much money
has been spent, but it is too late to talk about it now.
Thequestionis, what is the actual condition of this
work at this moment, and what are the consider-
ations that apply to us with regard to it? At this
moment, having spent, in the course of the twenty
years during which this work has been going on,
between two and three hundred thousand dollars,
the Library Committee have examined with grtat
care the present actual condition of things. What
is it? It is a work, as the chairman of the com-
mittee says, which is equaled by no publication
of the kind in the world. If completed,it will be
to us a very great credit, not only in a scientific
point of view, but with reference to the manner
m which it has been executed in all its particu-
lars as a great national work. As 1 have already
said, we have spent between two and three hundred
thousand dollars on it, and we find ourselves now
in thiscondiion: the work is drawing near to com-
pletion, but imperfect, owing to different fires
and difficulties that have occurred at one time or
another in the course of execution. On a careful
examination, we found that, in order to complete
the whole work, as originally proposed, after
having spent so much money, would require about
fifty-seven thousand dollars. If we say we will
not spend that, but will just bind up ana put to a
state of preservation what we have got done, it
will take some eight thousand dollars. If we will
not do that, but will stop where weare, and merely
preserve what we have on hand, it will take some
two or three thousand dollars. There are three
propositions for the Senate to choose from.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will pardon me
for suggesting to him that this debate is costing
us more than the appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am aware of that, and
I can finish in a few minutes. I feel it my duty
to say thus much, and the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee will bear .me witness that I
have not indulged m talking, for I have hardly
opened my mouth for two or three days. Nov/,
the question is, what is wise ? Shall we, when
we have spent so much money, although it may
have been badly spent to a certain extent, omit
to present this work to the world as a perfect work
