#86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
■with the further reading of it, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
printed, unless someone wishes to have it all read.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Under the rule of the
Senate, it appears to me, the motion to print
shduld so to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
a "document coming from the Legislature of a
State, is not referred to the Committee on Print-
ing-
' Mr. FITZPATRICK. I believe that is a fact,
where the document comes from a State. I was
not aware of that.
The motion to print, and to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I offer the
following resolution. It relates to a privileged
question. If there be objection, I will waiye its
consideration until to-morrow:
Resolved, That the Hon. Ilenry S. Lane, ami the Hon.
William AT. McC.irfy, who claim to liavo been elected Sen-
ator0 from the State of Indiana, be entitled to the. privilege
of admission on the floor of the Senate, until their claims
shall have been decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent for the con-
sideration of the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg pardon of the Vicc
President; I did not ask unanimous consent. I
was misunderstood. I give notice that I will call
up the resolution to-morrow morning.
The resolution lies over.
COAL AND IRON DUTIES.
Mr. BIGLER. I present resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania in favor of a protec-
tive tariff, an increase of the duties on coal and
iron, and approving the views of the President of
the United States, m Im late annual message, in
reference to specific duties. I ask that they may
be read, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and that they be printed.
The Secretary read them, as "follows:
Whereas, .the exponent"* of the pa*t and present mo=t
fully demonstrate that il j1- <i \\i*e ami hem ik-< ul pohe> of
the General Government which dictate*, the imposition oi
duties on such product-i of lo:ei<:u nations a < come tn -aieh
direct contact with those of oui own eountiy us to injuie
and prostrate the trade ori nu own i oil and amonjj oui own
citizens: for want of bitch aid, the am-an*, and lahoreis.
\n nmny departments ofttade, rue compelled to abandon
their nccusiomed puisuits; especially do our o\\ n coal and
iron interests suffer: Thereinto,
Resolved by the Senate and. liousc of Representatives of
Pennsylvania, in General *$>.scmbly mcV, That oui Senators
in Congress be instnifHed, and oui RepioKcntauvoH re-
quested, to labor for the parage (at the present >essioiO of
such an aoi aa will not only tend to merea^' the levemie
by the imposition ofdntie:;, tmiall'oid ample eneomasemem,
to all the interests of the oounliy mjuied hythe pjodnetion>
of the cheap labor o^nlun nations; hut, moie especially,
to urge an increase of duties on coal and iron, in winch so
large a portion of our own people an; deeply ino ieste<!
Resolved, That the views of the Pie-mlent, e\[ues>ed in
his late annual me^a^e, m leferenoe to the advantage of
definite or specific over cul duties, as mote unuoim,
less liable to frauds, and aftmdtn*; tin- mo^tem'tam and uni-
form amount of levenue. meet our lieatty appioval.
Resolved, That the (ioveinoi he lequei-led to lurwatd U>
each of our Senator and member., of Cmi^te«.s a copv of
the above preamble and resolutions, infoimmi; them of then
adoption.
W. C. A. LAWKKNCi:,
SpeaKcr of the Ilou^e of Representatives.
• JNO. CRESWELL, Jr.,
Speaker of the Senate,
Mr. CLAY rose hut yielded, at his request, to
Mr. CAMERON. I also have received, and 1
have the honor to present to the Senate, counter-
parts of the resolutions of the Legislature ofPenn-
sylvania, instructing their Senators, andrequcst-
ingtheirRepresentatives in Congress, to endeavor
to procure suth a modification of the revenue laws
f.s will change the mode of collection upon their
great staples from ad valorem to specific duties,
and thereby, as they believe, prevent frauds, in-
crease the revenue, and give protection to Amer-
ican labor. The resolutions were adopted with
great unanimity, showing some sudden changes
in the opinions of men, and proving the wonder-
ful power of the people in this country over their
representatives through the ballot-boxes. The
vote in the Senate was unanimous—the whole
thirty-threevotingin the affirmative. In the House
of Representatives, of the one hundred members
only two voted against them; and they, as I un-
derstand from their speeches, did not objecttothe
principle of protection, but to the propriety of
legislative instructions to membefe of Congress.
I cordially approve these resolutions, and will
cheerfully obey them; and I will add, that we will
have, as T believe, the hearty aid and support of
every Republican in both Houses of Congress.
But all these are not enough to pass a law. It is
true, the President of the United States, in his
annual message, recommended all that is here
asked. He, in his present hf§h position, is po-
tent for good or evil. The Legislature thiriks that
he, knowing so well the wants and interests of his
fellow-citizens, is favorably disposed to help them.
I trust he is; for if he will only.exhibit, in their
behalf, a small portion of that energy which he
used so vigorously during the last session, to set-
tle the Kansas question in favor of the Lecompton
| constitution, he will very soon l#re the tariff ques-
> tion out of Congress, and see busy hands and
| cheerful faces all over that great Commonwealth
to which he owes his elevation. He has but to
1 say the word, and his friends here,and in the other
j end of the Capitol, will, as they have done hith-
' crto, come to his support. It will notdo for him
I to tell the industrious, but now idle, men of Penn-
i sylvania, that he cannot, control his Cabinet upon
! a question of policy affecting so vitally their in-
| terests, and so necessary to his impoverished
' Treasury. The working men of Pennsylvania
| read, and think and act upon their own conclu-
[ sions. They have seen his power here, on other
occasions; and they will not be content now with
I his mere recommendation in a passing paragraph
of his annual message. Let him act for them as
j they have acted for him,and he will be rewarded
' by their prayers and the blessings of their fami-
! lies, when lie goes home to find a resting place
! among them.
I All that the Opposition party can do here in this
| question will avail nothing against the majority,
i All the committees are in the hands of the confi-
[ dentml friends of the Piesident. These coinmit-
! tees prepare and arrange the whole business of
Congress; and no question of such importance
j as a change of the revenue laws can be effected
! without their sanction. I am particular in stat-
j ing those farts, for the reason that I have seen,
m a paper at Mmrisbiirg, edited and controlled
by a confidential friend "of the President, an ar-
ticle charging the Republicans here with a wish
to prevent the passage of a new tariff bill this
session, so as to operate upon the future elections
of our State. I desire to say, in i eply to it, that
t hi: friends of protection will support any bill that
the Administration may propose, that will give
to us specific duties, wherever they are practica-
ble, and that will produce revenue enough to sup-
port the Government. If nothing be done this
session, the responsibility will rest with the Dem-
ocratic party, as now organized, under the lead
of Mr. Buchanan.
The Republicans and others, with whom I act,
desire to see the debts of Uo\eminent paid off.
Proud of the national honor, they are unwilling
(0 see lliis gioat country using otieli shifts as tem-
poiaiy loans, umedeeuiable Treasuiy notes,and
othi'i expedients, such as only a small country
shopkeeper might he expected to adopt, in the hope
that Providence will work a miracle for the espe-
cial benefit of this Administration, by a sudden
revival of trade to fill their empty coffers. Trade
will not revive till capitalists see that the policy
of the Government is such as to insure a return
from investments to bo made in manufactures,
and their handmaid, commerce. We wish to see
the Government conducted upon the most eco-
nomical manner. We wish it to return to the
ca3h system; for v/e behove that a public debt is
a great evil, leading to extravagance, waste, and
corruption; and fortius purpose we desire a change
in the tariff that will, with specific duties, bring
into the Treasury, during the next fiscal year, a
sum sufficient for its ordinary demands, and such
a surplus as will, in a reasonable time, pay off
the debt incurred during the last year; the only
debt, I believe, ever contracted by this' country in
time of peace. The miners and manufacturers
of Pennsylvania ask no special benefit from the
Government. The}7 ask only that the revenue
for its support be collected from imposts wisely
laid; that there be no debts incurred, and that the
duties bo so laid and collected, as not to foster the
foreign manufacturers and traders to the injury
of our own laborers and artisans and capitalists.
Mr. CLAY obtained the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow
me a moment.
Mr. CLAY. I did not know, when the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] asked me to
give way, that I was to yield to a stump speech.
I thought he had a petition to present. I wili
give way to the Senator [Mr. Bigler] to reply.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the gentleman let me
say a word ?
Mr. CLAY. No. Your colleague wishes to
speak.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not intend at this time to
reply to my colleague, nor shall I detain the Sen-
ator from Alabama but for a moment. I merely
desire to say, th#t I believe the resolutions em-
body the sentiments of a majority of my consitu-
ents, and that it is my intention to carry out their
spirit so far as I may have the power to do so. At
no remotf period, and I trust on a proper occasion,
I shall take the opportunity of expressing my
views at lencth on this whole subjcct.
I do not doubt the sincerity of my colleague on
this subject of the tariff. I have no doubt he is
exceedingly anxious for a readjustment of it such
as he indicates; but I have a clear "opinion that the
worstfnends ofa proper and prompt readjustment
of the tariff are those who are constantly attempt-
ing to give the question the aspect of a partisan
issue; who are drawing it into parties and strug-
gles, and confounding it up with the ordinary
politics of the day, or asking what they know can-
not be granted.
I listened to the remarks of my colleague with
some surprise. I can see no necessity for coup-
ling this subject with the course which the Ex-
ecutive saw proper to pursue with reference to the
admission of Kansas as a State into this Union.
The President is doubtless sincere in all he has
said on the subject of the tai iff, and will stand by
the views which ho has expressed, so far as it is
proper that he should interfere; but, sir, no man
can misunderstand the imputation fairly implied
in the remarks of my colleague. It was worse'than
to say in plain language that the message of the
President, so far as it relates to this question of
readjusting our revenue system, is not candid.
Nor, sir, could I understand the necessity for his
allusions to the sudden and peculiar change in the
sentiments of public men. Why, sir, this is by
no means singular; and I could give instances,
were it necessary. But 1 do not intend to dwell
upon that point at present. I shall have accom-
plished my object when I say to my colleague, so
far as relates to myself, that I am ready to unite
! with him, in good faith, in accomplishing what i
I believe to be the will of a majority of the people
\ who#! we represent; and to do that all the better,
I am willing to treat the question of raising the
tariff as a business affair, affecting the Treasury
and tHe great industrial interests of the country,
without attempting to invest it with the character
ofa struggle between the two great parties of the
country. *
Mr. CAMERON. It would seem to me, Mr.
President, that my colleague supposed I doubted
his sincerity, and that I have insinuated that he
has changed. I intimated no doubt, and did not
refer to any change on hi-j part. He says also that
he is surprised at what 1 have uttered. There \vo
differ entirely, for 1 am never surprised at any-
thing my colleague says or does. On this question
of protection there have been sudden changes, and
i I will take his record to prove that he has changed
most moaculousl}'. Now, all I ask is, that lie and
| other gentlemen who repieseni the President hero
i shall act in good faith. Let me repeat, that on this
I subject the Opposition has no power. This rev-
i enue question is the hands of the Administration,
I through its confidential agents in the House.
| They will let us pass a bill or not, as they think
; proper. I am a Pennsylvanian; not like my col-
' league, who said, when this question was up in
i IboT, that he was a national man; that he went to
j make a tariff to suit the country. 1 go first for
I Pennsylvania, and always for Pennsylvania.
There is that feature m southern gentlemen hero
which I always like to see. They stand up for
their own section; and if we, as Pennsylvanians,
would battle as bravely and as boldly and as gal-
lantiy for Pennsylvania as they do for their South,
we should have very little trouble m getting what
we ask.
Mr. President, the people of Pennsylvania, the
working people, who are no politicians, who only
go into this question when forced into it by polit-
ical leaders, desire to get it out of politics and out
