1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of Pongress; and I will go with anybody here to
pass such a law—let the modification be as mod-
erate as it may—to take this question out of Con-
gress, and give rest to the vexed people of Penn-
sylvania. 1, too, at the proper time, will mako
my lemarks in full upon this subject; and I will
be ready to hear and rebut, if necessarj, all that
my distinguished colleague may say respecting it.
The motion,to refer to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and to print, was agreed to.
PETITIONS'AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of citizens of Sullivan county, Indiana, pray- j
"ing a change in the mail route from Bowling
Green to Sullivan, 01- the establishment of a mail
route from Sullivan to Hymera; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN. I present the petition of Jay
Cooke and others, of Philadelphia, praying the
privilege of laying down and using a double track
railroad through certain streets m Washington
city. The Committee on the Distvict of Colum-
bia have had charge of this subject, and have
made two or three reports. This memorial, how-
ever, contains matter in addition to that which
has been considered by the committee heretofore;
and for that reason, I move its reference to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
TheWiiotion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I also present the memorial of
Mary Chase Barney, sole daughter and survivor
of Samuel Chase, ofMaryland, one of the signers
of the Declaration of Independence, praying to be
allowed a pension. The memorialist further rep-
resents that she was raised in affluence, and lived
comfortably until she has grown old, and by a
change of fortune she has been reduced in circum-
stances to that point that she finds it necessary to
call upon the Government for assistance. I be-
lieve this is the first application from a direct de-
scendant of one of the signers of the Declaiation
of Independence for relief of this character. I
think myself, (hat if there be any class of cases
other th'aQ those absolutely disabled in the mili-
tary defense of the country, entitled to the bounty
of the Government, they are heirs of the immor-
tal band wlm signed the declaration of our national
independence. Without commenting on it, I com-
mend it to the careful attention and consideration
of the Committee on Pensions; to whom I beg
leave t,o move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Joshua
Taggart and othcis, constables at Philadelphia,
praying compensation for services and expenses
in ferreting out and bringing to justice the perpe-
trators of the theft of specimens of coin, taken
fiomtheUin ted States Mint in August, 185S; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
« Mr. HALE presented the petition of James
McCutcheon, an inmate of the Military Asylum
at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, praying that his pen-
sion may be continued; which was refoned to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE. I also present the petition of Wil-
liam Pettibone and sevei al otheis, practical book-
binders ill the city of Washington, complaining
that the law of Congress, I think of the last ses-
sion, has been violated by a setof men fi om whom
we ought to look for anything except violations of
law—members of the Cabinet.
The petitioners complain that the law requiring
the binding of the Departments to be done by
practical bookbindeis has been disregarded and
violated by the Heads of the Departments. If it
is so, it is an evil example to all others 111 like
manner to offend. 1 move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope that by unanimous
consent the special order may remain until we
can present petitions and reports and get through
the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan suggests that by unanimous consent
the special order be postponed informally, to re-
ceive memorials and reports. The Chair hears 110
objection.
$ Mr. STUART presented additional testimony
in support of the claim of Sheldon McKnight;
| which was referred to the Committee on the Post
j Office and Post Roads.
i Mr. FITZPATR1CK presented additional tes-
timony in support of the claim of Tilman Leak;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of Portland, Maine, praying that the pay
of officers of the Navy may be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Van Buren countj*JMowa, praying that a iaw
may be passed granting a pension for life to all
the officers and soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of David Merry,
a soldier of the ^varof 1812, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. IVERSON presented additional papers in
support of the claim of Rezin Orme; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DURKEE presented (he petition of J. W.
Cochran, praying that an appropriation may be
made for the purpose of testing a new instrument
for gauging or measuring the interior of casks
or other irregular-shaped packages containing
liquids, for the use of custom-houses; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allex, its Clerk, announced that the
I-Iouse had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (C. C. No. 88) for the relief of John
Peebles;
A bill (C. C. No. 89) for the relief of Nancy
M. Johnson, administratrix of Walter R. John-
son, deceased;
A bill (C. C. No. 90) for the relief of Emily G.
Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased;
A bill (Mo. 810) for the relief of William Year-
wood, senior, of Tennessee;
A bill (No. 812) for the relief of Thomas Liv-
ingston and his securities;
A bill (No. 761) to provide for the settlement
of the accounts of the late Lieutenant Colonel
Lewis S. Craig, for his services in command of
the military escorton the Mexican boundary com-
mission ; and
A bill (No. 820) providing for the payment of
the expenses of investigating committees of the
House of Representatives.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai.len, its Clqrk, announced that the
Soeakei had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (li. R. No. 813) for the relief of Mrs.
Henry L. Schoolcraft: and
A bill (1-1. 11. No. 33C) for the relief of John
Duncan.
REP011TS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee 011 Commerce, to
whom was referred the memoiial of the Charles-
ton Chamber of Commerce, relative to the im-
provement of Mafia's Channel, ask to be dis-
chaiged, because a bill for that purpose is now
pending befoir the Senate.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. When a commit-
tee makes a report asking to be discharged, it
saves a double entry to put the question at the
time. If there be 110 objection, the Chair will
put the question. *
The committee were discharged.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the memorial
and papers of Ann Gratiot, widow of the late
Brevet Brigadier General Charles Gratiot, United
States Army, praying to be paid the amount of
his pay, subsistence, emoluments, and allowances
as colonel and chief of engineers of the Army
from the day of his dismissal to that of ins death,
asked to be dischaiged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be refcired to the Court of
Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the hill (S. No. ii33) for tiie relief of
Samuel C. Phagiu and others, reported it with-
out amendment; and submitted an adverse report,
which ordered to be piinted.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mary
Willard, formerly widow of Aaron Young, a sol-
dier in the war of 1812, praying a pension, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Fannie White, a
military storekeeper, praying a pensiony reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. FITCH,from the Committee on Printing, • .
to whom was referred the motion to" prijit the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, communi-
cating the report of the officers appointed by him
to make the examination of the Deep river coun-
try, in the State of North Carolina, required by"
a resolution of the Senate, reported adversely on
the motion; and the question was stated to be on
concurring in the report of the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This subject was brought
here at the instance of the chairman of th'eCoai;
mittee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Mallory.] J hope
this report will go over until he comes in. I may
or may not have something to say oil the subject;
but the report was called for at his instance, and
I do not see him in his place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, communi-
cating, in answer to a resolution of the Senate, a
list of all the vessels belonging to or connected
with the Navy; also a list of all the officers of the
Navy, with their compensation, reported in favor
of the motion; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the message of
the President of the United States, communicating,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate requesting
a list of claims of the citizens of the United States
against foreign Governments, a report of the Sec-
retary of State, reported in favor of printing the
same; and the report was agreed to.
FURNISHING THE CAPITAL.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported the following
joint resolution; which was read, and passed to
a second reading:
A joint resolution (S. No. 73) for procuring furniture for
the noith wing of the Capitol.
Be it resolved hj the Senate (mil Hou\e of Representatives
of the United Statai of Jlmerica in Conqi assembled, That
lor p>'neui nei the necessaiy furniture lor the Senate Cham-
ber, Die audience 100ms, the committee rooms, the rooms
occupied bv the office of the Brcit-taiy of tlm Senate, and
other rooins of the north win" of the Capitol m the occu-
pancy of the Senate and its appendages, the supciintendnnt
of the Capitol extension be directed to make ,i "survey and
asceil.un what articles of furmtmo will bo needed, withthe
materials, designs, and dimensions of the same, and thathe
be, and is hereby, authoiized to publish the pioper specifi-
cation and desci iptions of iheai ticles thai may be required, #
■ind invito sealed pioposak tn he made to him within thirty
davs fiom the date of the first publication of tlia same, for
the manufacture and construclion of the said anicle^ of
lurmture, to be opened at the appointed time in the pres-
ence of the bidden) or other perspns; and that a contractor
contracts for such furniture shall be mafic with the lowest
and best biddci, reference being had to the (jue.hty of the
material, aipeuonty of wmkmansblp. and I'ne time ill
which the same shall be completed ; and that, pioper secu-
lily shall he taken fur the laithful and pmmpt execution of
the work ; and that, for the purpose of paying lor the said
furniture a4- it imiv be completed .led dehveied to the satis-
faeuori of th" sa-.d superintendent, su h sum ot money as
may he lee,lined theielor be. and the ^amc heieby i=,.appro-
pi iatcd, to be paid out of any moeey m the f leasury not
otherwise apniopriated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I should like
to inquire of the chairman of the committee who
presents the resolution, who is the superintend-
ent of the Capitol extension '
Mr. BRIGHT. Captain Meigs is the super-,
intendent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Cannot we
insert some other person instead ofCaptam Meigs?
M r. BRIGHT. That is a matter for the Sen-
ate to determine. The committee agreed on Cap-
tain Meii:s.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana ask unanimous consent to consider
the joint resolution ?
Mr, BRIGHT. I ask that it may have a sec-
ond reading, with a view to call it up at the earli-
est possible period.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. , I object to it.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. It has been read
the first time. It cannot be read a second time
now, objection being made.
