1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
against the amendment; and so far as this claim
is concerned, I do not think it should command a
majority at the present time.
Mr. CLAY. I will suggest to the Senator from
Delaware that probably this amendment cannot
be passed. If we were to let it go now in com-
mittee, when we get into the Senate, if it should
be adopted in committee, he can move to strike
it out, and then make his speech, i hope the
Senator will agree to that.
Mr. BAYARD. I am perfectly willing to take
that course. What I desire is, that before this
claim is imposed upon the United States by the
action of the Senate, they shall do it with their
eyes open, and knowing all the facts. If |he Sen-
ate vote it down without that necessity, I am
perfectly content.
I want to mention one fact of some moment,
without reference at all to my own opinions.
This same provision now offered to the appropri-
ation bill, was discussed m the House of Repre-
sentatives at large, in 1855; and it was voted down
in the House of Representatives by a vote of 104
to 90. At the same session, in the Senate, it was
moved, certainly in the substance, and I think ex-
actly in the language of the present amendment;
and then the Senate, after a discussion by the
honorable Senator fiom South Carolina,who now,
unfortunately, is not among us, (Mr. Butler,) and
other Senators, by a vote of 31 to 10 rejected the
claim. In both Houses it has been rejected. Since
that, it was referred to the Court of Claims. They
decided against it also. And now, upon what
ground it can come here again and ask further
discussion, I know not; but if it is to be before
the Senate again, I desire to go into the merits of
this case, not on the question of the allowance of
interest—I waive all that—but I undertake to say
that I think 1 can prove conclusively that the
claims provided for by the act of 1834, never were
within the treaty; that Congress never considered
that they were within the treaty; and that, by the
whole correspondence between the Governments
of Spain and the United States, they certainly
were never intended to be paid by the United
States under the provisions of the treaty.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the vote.
' Mr. BAYARD. I am satisfied with that course.
Mr. MALLORY. The vote cannot be taken
now. I will guarantee that my friend from Vir-
ginia, who is so eager to take the vote, has never
looked into this case, and knows- no more about
it than those who have never heard of it at all. It
is, however, suggested to me by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, who made the re-
port in the ease, [Mr. Clark,] that we may take
the vote now, and renew the amendment again in
the Senate if it should be rejected now. I will
consent to that course.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. SEWxARD. I feel very much embarrassed.
I do not know how to vote. 1 do not know what
the merits of this case are. If the call for the yeas
and nays can be withdrawn, so that a man is not
committed now by a vote either for or against the
measure, and it can come upafterwards before the
Senate, when we understand what it is, I shall
have no objection to that course. I want to hear
something to know why I should vote for or
against it.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from New York that, after a full discus-
sion, he voted against this same claim m 1855, on
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLAY. If that will relieve gentlemen, I
will, with the consent of the Senate, withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well; let the call for
the yeas and nays be withdrawn, and I wilt not
discuss the question now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays may be withdrawn by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I give notice that I will re-
new it in the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I have three amendments to pro-
pose, which are for retrenchment and reform.
They do not involve any expenditure of money,
but are intended to save money; and hence I hope
the Senate will indulge me by agreeing to them.
I move to amend the bill in the third page by
I striking out lines fifty-nine, sixty, and sixty-one,
as follows:
" For iepairing the works and piers, in order to preserve
and -secure the light-house at Chicago, Illinois, $'87,000."
I will state briefly the reason why I move this
amendment. We have no information whatever
upon which to vote in favor of this appropriation;
I speak, at least, for the Committee on Commerce,
to which such bills are always referred, and
which, in this body, always reports such bills.
We have no estimates from" the proper Depart-
ment of the Government, nor have we the au-
thority of the Department for making the appro-
priation. On the contrary, I have reason to
believe that this appropriation is not approved hy
the Department, because thelight-house bill which
has passed the House of Reffresentatives, and is
now pending before the Senate, has no such ap-
propriation; and on its being referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, when we called for inform-
ation, we did not receive any which warranted us
in amending it by such an appropriation as is here
proposed.
In the next place, I will suggest that a memo-
rial has been before the Senate, presented by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] signed
by property-holders in Chicago, which proposes
that, if the Government will permit them, they
will improve this pier at their own expense, and
keep it in repair, in consideration of the use of
the pier'for their private purposes. That bill,
the committee, I believe, werealmostunanimously
in favor of,and would have reported; but, on ref-
erence to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Light-
House Board did not approve it in some respects,
and made a lengthy report, and we received that
report too late in the session to act on it advisedly;
and hence I asked to be discharged from the con-
sideration of the subject.
Under these circumstances, inasmuch as the
appropriation is not recommended by any De-
partment of the Government, and inasmucl&as we
have no estimate from any Department on which
to base it, and as 1 trust, during the next session
of Congress, and at an early day, we shall pass a
bill in conformity with the prayer of the memo-
rialists, I think this clause ought to be stricken
out. I move, therefore, to strike it out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be, as stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, that
there is no recommendation at this session on this
subject; but rt will be recollected that, at the last
session, the question was before the Senate; the
reports and estimates of Colonel Graham, the en-
gineer in charge, were before us; and, upon a full
investigation an.d discussion, the appropriation
recommended by him was passed, and a bill for
that purpose sent to the other House; and the
House this session, undoubtedly, have been act-
ing on that recommendation. 1 apprehend it is
not necessary to renew these estimates at a sub-
sequent session of the same Congress.
The facts in regard to this matter may be very
briefly stated. Congress has made appropriations,
from time to time, for these piers at Chicago. They
were made and extended out into the lake. They
are crib piers, frame-work filled with stone. The
wood work has all rotted away, the piers have
fallen to pieces, and the work will be entirely de-
stroyed unless it is repaired. It is true the prop-
erty holders, fearing that Congress was not going
to make any appropriation, applied for permis-
sion to make the repairs themselves, and to use
the pier only to the extent of landing goods on
it, to take it across to the lots behind it, only a
few feet distant. I have been urging on the Com-
mittee on Commerce this year to report a bill to
enable the property holdeis themselves to do it.
The committee referred the matter to the War
Department; the Secretary of War referred it to
Colonel Abert, the chief of the proper bureau,
and Colonel Abert referred it to Colonel J. D.
Graham, the engineer m charge at Chicago, and
| that engineer has made a lengthy report against |
| permitting the property owners and citizens of j
! Chicago to repair the piers, and insists that they «
must remain under the exclusive jurisdiction of I
| the Government of the United States, and that S
the repairs must be made by Government money
| and under Government authority. He has made
j a very elaborate report in favor of stone piers,
j which will cost a very large amount of money.
! He considers that to allow the inhabitants of
Chicago to make these repairs, would interfere
with his magnificent scheme of improvement at
the cost of the Federal Government for our ben-
efit.
I was anxious to get permissibn for our citizens
to make these repairs, and save the piers from
washing to pieces and the whole harbor from be-
ing destroyed. The Committee on,Commerce,
however, did not feel at liberty, in opposition to
the report of the engineer in charge, indorsed by
the Department, to grant this privilege; and we
think it a very hard case if you will not permit
us to do this work, and will not do it yourselves.
We want the harbor kept open; we must have
the piers in a state of repair. They arc falling
to pieces, and the mouth of the harbor is closing
up. We are in this predicament: when we ask
you for appropriations they are denied; when we
ask you to permit us to do the work ourselves
with our own money, that is denied. And m the
mean ti-me our harbor is to be closed; our com-
mcrce.to be cut up; the commerce of that whole
section of country is to be interrupted, because
you will not repair these piers yourselves, nor
let us do it. I think really the committee ought
to do one thing or the other.
I hope the Senate will retain this appropriation
simply for these repairs, and hereafter we can
discuss the question whether it is proper to put
the work under the local authorities, and allow
the local authorities to make the repairs, or
whether the Federal Government shall do it.
But, unless something be done during the com-
ing season, this will be destroyed; it is in a state
of dilapidation; it is falling to pieces; and the har-
bor is filling up. The currents that run from the
north, sweeping down and carrying the sands
against the piers, are overwhelming it and filling
up the harbor; and it is essential to protect tha
which has been done, essential to the commerce
of the harbor, that these repairs should be made,
in order to save a vast amount of money already
expended.
1 decline to go into the question of river and
harbor improvements by the Federal Government
on this occasion. It is too late in the session for
that. It is too late to secure any bill permitting
us to make these improvements ourselves. It
was only yesterday that we got a report from the
committee on the memorial to which I alluded. I
was urging it before. 1 attach no blame to the
committee. They were waiting for the report
from the Department; but the decision was against
us. While the committee would be willing to let
us do this, they did not feel authorized to report
a bill to permit us to do it when the Department
is against it. The Department being against us,
and the recommendation of the Department con-
trolling the committee this year, the presumption
is, that it will be so next year. We presume the
same men will be in office for two years to come.
Are we to wait, and have our harbor destroyed
and go to rum, and our commerce cut oIf, because
the Department heie thinks we ought not to be
permitted to do it ourselves, but that the Govern-
ment should do it? Then, it is objected, while
the Department will not allow us to do it, that
they have not expressly recommended this ap-
propriation. I think we ought to allow this small
appropriation for repairs to go through; and at the
opening of the nextCongrcss we shall be able to dis-
cuss the whole question of the propriety of river
and harbor improvements by this Government,'or
of a plan by which the local authorities can be
allowed to do them; but certainly, you musteither
do them yourselves or let us do them; and, inas-
much as you have decided this session against
permitting us to do this woikourselves, with our
own money, I trust you will concur with the
House of Representatives in this appropriation.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator did not understand
me correctly, or he did not report me exactly as
he should have done. I said to the Senate that
the Committee on Commerce were decidedly pre-
possessed with the idea suggested m the memo-
rial of ihc property-holders there, and that we
came near reporting the proposition as it came to
us; but we thought it proper to refer it to the ap-
propriate Department of the Government, and we
got their report too late for us to act on it finally.
I would, even then, I believe, with the approval
the committee, have reported a bill against the
recommendation of the Department; but that it
