1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
March 3,
was too late for us to get the action of both Houses
of Congress. If we had authority from the proper
source for saying what has been asserted by the
honorable Senator,and what, I have no doubt,he
believes, on his own ocular demonstration, per-
haps, or what he has heard from Colonel Graham,
that this appropriation was necessary to preserve
these works and prevent their going into dilapi-
dation before the next Congress, I would cheer-
fully vote for the appropriation; but we have no
suca estimate from the Department and no advice
on the subject. On the contrary, it will be recol-
lected that, at the last session of Congress, the
committee reported against a great many works
for the repair of improvements on the lake coast
and the Atlantic coast, on the ground that they
were not indispensably necessary, and that, in the
present condition of the Treasury, the committee
would not recommend an appropriation for any
works, except those where, in the opinion of the
proper Department, the appropriation was abso-
lutely necessary to preserve existing works and
prevent their going to destruction. Under these
circumstances we aid not report for this. 1 sup-
pose that, if the Department which ought to be
advised about it did its duty, it recommended
those works which needed appropriations imme-
diately, and that this not being one of that class,
in their opinion, they did not recommend it.
Hence it is that I moved to strike out the appro-
priation. I would not do so under other circum-
stances; but I feel that I am warranted, by the
resolution of the committee during the last ses-
sion, and to which they adhere up to this time,
and by the action of the proper Department—the
War Department—in saying that we havo no in-
formation upon which to predicate this appropri-
ation, and tnat we ought to strike it out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 intended to be understood,
if I was not, as intimating that the committee, as
I learned from the chairman, felt inclined to grant
our request, but did not feel atliberty, at this late
hour of the session to report for it, inasmuch as
the Department had reported against it. I do not
attribute any blarae at all to the committee. In
regard to the indispensable necessity of this ap-
propriation to protect these piers from destruc-
tion, I think there can be no question at all. I
have sent for Colonel Graham'« report of Inst year,
and 1 think it will show cleaily and conclusively
that this is indispensable, flis estimates are all
there in detail, and any of us who know prison-
ally the condition of these piers, know that they
are absolutely falling to pieces, and that they will
go to entire and total destruction without these
icpairs. A postponement till another year is death
to us. Something must be done. The owners
of property would not have comc forward and
asked, at this session of Congress, so pressing!y
fortius permission, unless it was csHtnuuil. They
would, of course, rather have you do it than do
it themselves; but stern necessity, in order to
keep that harbor open, compels them to make any
sacrifices necessary for that purpose. We can-
not, however, get permission to repair thoni our-
selves. Here is a small appropriation, not more
than enough to put the piers in lepair so that they
will not go to destruction. It is an uppropinUion
to go on with the work; not an appropriation for
a new work or any extension, but simply to put
the piers in a state of preservation. 1 think, there-
fore if my friend from 'Yialmma will let tins go,
and allow (he work to be putin a state of preserv-
ation only, next year we can consider fairly this
whole subject. 1 am anxious to approach the
subject of river and harbor improvements in a
spirit of fairness and candor, with a view to a
better system. I think we shall have to change
the whole system and put it under the local au-
thorities, in order to have good harbors. This
opinion of mine is well known to the Senate. It
has been entertained for yeais, and each year
strengthens my convictions; but until we can be
permitted to do it ourselves, it is essential that
something should be done in order to keep the
harbor open; otherwise, our whole commerce is
destroyed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will eay a word in ref-
erence to the suggestion of the Senator fi oni Ala-
bama that there is no estimate for this appro-
priation. 1 have'this moment sent for Colonel
Graham's report, and, though 1 have no time
now to look over it, I find that, in regard to the
repair of Chicago harbor, he says, in this report,
communicated to the Senate, by the War Depart-
ment, on the 10th of February, 1859:
" The necessity of speedily repairing these piers, in order
to save the harbor from destruction, was fully set fortli in
my annual reports, both for 1855 and 1856. The remarks
then presented on this subject will be found printed in Sen-
ate Executive Documents, No. 16, of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, third session."
He then goes on, at some length, to speak on
the subject, but I will not detain the Senate by
reading it, as I have not had time to look over the
report and call attention to the paragraphs which
particularly bear on this matter. Perhaps I may
do so before the question is taken. I will state,
however, that the Senate passed a bill for this
purpose at the lasWsession, which bill is now
pending in the other House. The only reason
why the appropriation happens to be on this bill,
as 1 understand, is on account of the difficulty
which exists in the House of Representatives in
getting up bills. That House, by a decided ma-
jority, put upon this bill the same amount which
is appropriated by the separate bill which passed
the Senate at the last session, and whicn, if it
could be reached in the House, would become a
law. This whole question, as to the necessity
of the appropriation, and the estimates, was dis-
cussed in the Senate a year ago, and the bill was
then passed. It seems to me very singular that
it should be insisted now that there is no neces-
sity for such an appropriation, when the Senate
itself made a similar appropriation a year ago.
This is the most important point in the North-
west. As everybody knows, Chicago is the great
city of that region of the country. The amount
of commerce there is very large. These piers are
going to destruction. Numerous lives are lost
every year at the city of Chicago, for the want
of a little improvement at that point. This is
merely an appropriation to keep the piers in re-
pair. ^We have the report of the engineer that
they are going to destruction, and that it is neces-
sary to repair them; and it seems to me the Sen-
ate having passed a similar bill, it would be much
better to let this small appropriation go through,
without this controversy, at this late stage of the
session. It is not, as the Senator from Alabama
seems to think, a new matter sprung upon the
Senate, but it is a matter which has been well
considered, and which we lntve ouiselves agreed
to. Under these circumstances, I do not know
why the Senate should reconsider its action of
the last session. I shall not take up time further.
I trust the simple fact that we once passed it will
be suificient now to justify Senators in passing it
again, without compelling us to go over all the
ground to show its necessity.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
vote.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama, to strike out the appropriation he lias in-
dicated.
The amendment was rejected.
THE POTOMAC WATER.
A message from the House of Repiesentatives,
by Mr. Ali.kn, its Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the bill (II. R. No. 889) to provide
for the care and preservation of the works con-
structed by the United States for bringing the
Potomac water into the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, for the supply of said water for all
governmental purposes, and for the uses and ben-
efits of the inhabitants of said cities.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following report:
Tiie committee of conicrcneo on the dt-agreeing votes of
the two Houses on the hill (H. it. No. 889) to provide for
the care and preservation of the works constructed by the
Tinned Suites for hunting the 1'oiomae water iwo the cities
of Washington and Ueoiyetown, lor the supply of said
water tor all governmental" pui po-e?-, and for the uses and
bpueiks of the inhabitant* of iho?aid cities, have met, and,
after lull and free conference, have agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as lollovv.s:
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the said
bill, disagreed to by uie House ; and that the Senate concur
in the bill of the House, with the following amendments :
Ktrrke out, m the eighteenth line of the first section, the
words "civil engineer/' and in he.u thereof, insert, 4'offi-
cer of the United State* corps of engineers.^
Stiike out, in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth lines
of the tame section, the words £> the sum of $3,000 per an-
num and inseit in lieu thereof, " no more than his logu-
J;u pity an ottieei ofihe eorjv* ^
In the forty-fifth line of the same section, strike out the
word "to," and insert m lieu thereof, the word " shall."
Strike out, in the twelfth line of the third section, the
word "annual."
Strike out in line eleven, section seven, the word " and,"
and insert the word "or."
Add the following section to the bill:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, respectively, shall have
power to establish a complete system of sewerage, in aid
of the execution of the provisions of this act.
A. G. BROWN,
^ DANIEL CLARK,
Managers on the -part of the Senate.
EDWARD DODD.
II. C. BURNETT,
A. M. SCALES,
Managers on the part of the House
The report was concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred m the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No" 667) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th June, 1860.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 662) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th of June,lbUU,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. IXUNTER. I will state that we sent the
bill to the House with two amendments; the one
abolishing the pension agencies,and the otherpro-
viding for the biennial reexamination of the inva-
lid pensioners. The House agreed to the amend-
ment for the reexamination of the pensioners, but
struck out that abolishing the pension agencies.
We insisted on that amendment; the House have
insisted on their disagreement to it. it is hardly
worth while to send the bill to a committee of con-
ference on such a point. I want to close up the
bill, and therefore I move that the Senate recede.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 667) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1860; and
A bill (H. R. No. 890) making appropriations
for the payment of the expenses of investigating
committees, and for other purposes.
JEHU UNDERWOOD.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 129) to
provide for the final settlement of the land claim
of the heirs of Jehu Underwood, in Florida, with
an amendment; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. YULEE. I can state it in a moment.
There being a dispute as to title, the amendment
is to put it in such a condition that the bill will
avail whoever the land belongs to.
Mr. PUGH. I demand the reading of the
amendment.
The Secretary read the House amendment,
which is, to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, and insert:
That the claim and title, derived from the Spanish Gov-
ernment bj John or Jehu Underwood, to l.md m the c?tate
of Floi ida, >ofar as the >ame remains unsettled, shall be re-
ceived and adjudicated bv the judge of the district court of
the northern district of Florida, upon the petition of the
heirs of said Underwood, or ot any other peiconoi persons
claiming under lnm, as purchasers or otheivvise, according
to the iorms. and rules and regulations piescnbed by Con-
gress in similar cases, and in the same manner in ail re-
spects as such claim would have been received and adjudi-
cated if said claim had been presented within tiie time
prescribed by the several acts ot Congress for presenting the
same for confirmation : and so far as said claim is unsettled
and is found to be valid, i.ie said court shall be, and is here-
by, authorized and required to enforce the location thereof
to the person or persons entitled thereto as heirs, pur-
chasers, or otherwise, under the same rules and regulations
