1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
of $30,000,000; making $60,000,000 of new debt
certain,and $220,000,000contingent. This,added
to an already funded debt of $60,000,000, will
raise the national debt to $280,000,000. This is
to be done under extraordinary circumstances.
"We have at this moment no financial system
<—no system of revenue. We have, indeed, a
tariff law which "brought last year into the Treas-
ury over $40,000,000, and this year is expected to
bring in $50,000,000; but a revenue law which
leaves an annual deficit cannot be said to con-
stitute a fiscal system. Congress, after being in
session now near two months, has utterly failed
.to devise any kind of revenue system whatever.
Nor has the Executive Administration submitted
to Congress any system for this emergency. This
statements strictly true, if you consider that the
President recommends one system in his annual
message, and that the Secretary of the Treasury,
his own responsible minister of finance, submits
to us another and widely different one.
This great increase of the public debt, we are
asked to make at thevefy hour when, in compli-
ance with the Executive recommendation, we arc
proposing to authorize him to build the Pacific
railroad, at a cost of not less than $>125,000,000
more; and simultaneously with this, in the same
message, we aie also asked to authorize the Pres-
ident to move the Army into Mexico, which can
cost nothing less than $1#0,000,000 more; and at
the same time, in pursuance of recommendations
of the same weight and authority, we are asked to
authorize him to employ the Army and the Navy
against just so many Spanish-American States on
this continent aslie shall choose, which can re-
quire nothing less than §100,000,000 more; so,
without any financial system at all, we arc to
have a great debt created by this Congiess of the
United States, on the ^commendation and ap-
plication of the President to strengthen the arm of
the Executive, while weakening the power and
the constitutional force of the Senate and the
House of Representatives, a debtof §500,000.000. !
ThehonorableSenatorfrom Rhode Island [Mr. j
Simmons] the other day spoke in glowing twins, \
and yet most justly, of the credit of the United !
States, and showed that, with the small debt that '
we now have, a nominal debt, wo can go into the j
market, and with a live per cent, stock borrow !
money at a premium, ot, perhaps, borrow money 1
on a four per cent, stock, anywhere in the mar- 1
kets of the world. That is'because we arc nov-
ices, inexperienced, untucd, and unknown in the :
money market, except forpaying such small debts ,
as we have made. But, sir, when we shall have
shown that we can increase our debt m forty
days, for that is the petiod which remains of tins
session, from $00,000,000 to $500,01)0,1)00, T beg
leave to express the opinion that the rate of in- 1
terest will be found to rise in propoiUon to the
liberality with which we propose to borrow. In j
that case, you will find your revenue derived from ■
all sources scarcely more than enough to pay the |
interest of the debt which you shall thus have ;
created, leading no funds whatever for carrying i
on the ordinary operations of the Government. I
This, however, it might be said, is a facet- i
ful picture, because the bill appropriates only ,
$30,000,000, and not the whole $250,000,000, i
which I have supposed. Nevertheless, sir, it I
appropriates the whole amount which the Presi- '
dent shall write in the treaty. We give lnm a j
blank draft on the Treasury, and authorize him
to fill up the amount for himself. I have suppo*ed i
he will fill it up with $250,000,000. Rut t am told 1
that we can retreat from this contract with Spain ;
if we find it too expensive, and abandon the meas- ;
urc without paying the additional sum which the I
Piesident may write in the treaty. Slowly and
carefully, Mr. President, let us consider. Cer-j
xamly, w e cannot retreatfrom it without forfeiting {
the $30,000,000 which will have been paid. That j
condition will operate as a constraint upon Con- i
gress to appiopriate all the remaining millions !
which the President may stipulate, and ju will 1
equally operate as a constraint upon the Seriate j
to ratify the treaty, whatever sum may be stipu- ,
#lated by its provisions. i
Agam, sir, no one can suppose that the Presi- ,
dent would pay the $30,000,000 m advance to :
Spain, without securing possession of the Island :
of Cuba. Whenhehasonceobtamedthe Inland of :
Cuba, and paid $30,000,000 as an advance upon j
the consideration money of the purchase, the '
treaty will be a contract executed, and Spain and
the whole world would laugh with derision at the
pretense that we could rescind the contract and
repudiate the remaining debt on the ground that
wd had then looked into our Constitution and had
found that we had violated'it in passing the law
by which we had authorized the President.tomake
the improvident bargain.
Sir, this is a plan of financial management to
which I am a stranger. It is the province of the
Congress of the United States to take care of the
public Treasury, and to see that.every dollar that
is received remains there until, by appropriation
bills limited to single objects,and each bill endur-
ing for only two years, the moncy^is expended by
agefrts, under their own direction and authority,
for objects appointed, fixed, and certain. The
effect of this measure is to surrender the contiol
over a large portion of the national treasure and
resources, practically, over all that is valuable In
the Treasury 1 to the President of the United States,
without retaining any effective security for his
wise and faithful administration of it.
I have said that the bill has also a political as-
pect. Itpioposes to bung into the United States
a foielgn country, seven hundred miles lon ;, and
seventy miles wide, containing one million five
hundred thousand human beings, subjects of gov-
ernment, occupying practically every foot upon
its sidewalks in its cities,and every acre of mount-
ain and plain and valley in the rural districts of
that Hand—a population different entirely from
the citizens of the United States; different in lan-
guage, different in race, different in habits, differ-
ent in manners, different in customs, and radi-
cally different in religion; a population that will,
practically, forever hold the power to exclude all
Ameiienn immigration, at hast to exclude it as
effectually as the old States of Europe exclude our
migration there, and as cficetual'y as our old-
established States* practically exclude immigration
from outside of their borders. Tins population,
then, is to be the ruling population of that island.
What rights will citizens of the United States
enjoy there? The one million five hundred thou-
sand sonls are divided: one half whites, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand free blacks, and four bun-
dled thousand slaves. What institutions of justice,
of ficedom, of religion, and public worship, will
obtain or l^mam there? I need to know. If I
were willing to leave these great question^ to the
President of the United States, I have no right to
do so. I have a voice, one of sixty-four voices,
to determine whether such a country shall be
brou <r'u into the U in ted States, and on what teims
and conditions. Joined with my colleague, we
have one of thiity-two voices on these mighty
questions ! The power to speak involves a con-
stitutional responsibility to express ihe voice of
the State of New Yxoik upon such a mcasiuc,and
on all its important details, before it shall be
adopted.
I have already shown that the consent of the
Senate to the passfceie of this bill will operate as
a "constraint upon the Senate lo ratify whatever
treaty the President shall make hereafter. Jf this
l>e true, (and no one, ( ihink, can c.jnit overt it,)
then I am asked tu icsign a constitutional, sena-
torial power, to the President of the United States,
and to shift from my own shoulders to his a con-
stitutional responsibility.
To do tins is a derogation of the independence
of the constitutional power of the Senate of the
Unit, d States, and a piactic.il subversion of the
constitutional check whnh jvquins that every
treaty shall receive the \o'eS of two thirds of this
body, or be absolutely void. 11 juactically dele-
gates to a bare majority of the opiate, and to a ma-
jority of the Mouse of LXoprescntatives, the trcaty-
m,!kmg power of this gre.it empire.
Sir, if there ever wa* an occasion on which I
shouldadhere tenaciously to this ri^ht, and insist
up^n retaining this power, it would be in such a
case as this. I want to see the treaty which slmil
bring the Island of Cuba into the United States.
I want to know the statin winch that country is to
occupy. Is it to be a territory of subjects, of po-
litical slaves? a province, governed by armies and
navies, as Spain now governs it? I may ask
the Pu-ssd^nt of the United Slates when he has
executed the treaty. Is it to be a State? 1 may
ask the President of the United States when, he
has executed the treaty. Who are to be the elect-
ors of the State ? What to be the btutm of the
white population? Are they to enjoy universal
suffrage? Whatis*to be the statu* of the free-ne-
gro population? What is to be the stalm of the
slave population? We who have disputed so earn-
estly, often so vehemently, year afier year, year
in and year out, over the question whether the in-
stitution of slavery shall be introduced into the
Territory of Kansas, are expected by the Presi-
dent, in his simplicity, to allow him to determine
for the NorCh and for the South, for the free States
and for the slave States, at his own absolute pleas-
ure, the terms and conditions upon which Cuba
shall be annexed to the United States, and incor-
porated into the Union. I say nothing of the pres-
ent incumbent of the executive office. I say that
men never chose, nor did God ever send on earth,
a magistrate to whom ! would confide this great
question, having a constitutional right to decide it
myself.
1 need not say, sir, that all our treaties of an-
nexation contain stipulations guarantying rights
to the countries annexed, to be incorporated into
the Union, and determining the future political
rights, power, and authority of the inhabitants of
those countries This-bill, then, is in derogation
* of the power of the Senate "to determine by treaty
for itself what the safety, honor, and welfare of
the country demand in regard to the political or-
ganization and government of the Island of Cuba,
if it shall be acquired.
Sir, 1 have always teceiveu as apolitical maxim
the declarations made by our predecessors in re-
gard to the acquisition of Cuba. Every rock and
every gram of sand in that island were drifted and
washed out from American soil by the floods of
il the Mississippi, and the other estuaries of the
> Gulf of Mexico. The island has seemed to me,
■' just, as our predecessors have said, to gravitate
back again to the parent continent from which it
spring. 1 have supposed that political necessi-
ties would determine tliat ultimate conclusion;
and I know that to political necessities all actions
of governments most bend, and all sentiments of
nations must accommodate themselves. 1 have,
nevertheless, been taught, with the same maxim,
this other rule, that, the acquisition of Cuba is a
quest ion of tunc, of necessity, and of opportunity.
It was just as clear sixty years ago, when we ac-
quired Louisiana, as it is now, that Cuba, in the
language of John (Xumcy Adams, gravitates to the
United States, us the apple yet hanging on its na-
tive trunk gravitates to the earth which sustains
it. Yet it certainly is true that Cuba was not then
acquired, nor attempted by extraordinary means
to be acquired; and the reason was, that the time,
necessity, and opportunity, had not then present-
ed themselves, in fact, the time is determined by
the coincidence of necessity and opportunity;
and that coincidence is the result of a decline of
European power on this continent, and of a de-
velopment of the growth of American power on
the same continent. Our forefathers said, all our
predecessors have said, that when the juncture
shall arise that there should^ just that necessary
decline of the political European power on the
continent, and just that development of American
power here, which makes Spam unable to keep,
and ourselves able freely to obtain, the island,
then it would be hopeless and idle to refuse to
receive Cuba, even if it were undesirable. They
have said more, and I subscribe to it, that we
may safely hold our souls in patience so long as
Spam can keep it, and no other and stronger £u-
I ropesn Powercan, oi daie, take it from her. What
! I have to say now is, that the tune and opportu-
j mty do not now serve, in my judgment, any more
j than they have served for the last sixty years.
■ We may be nearer, as, indeed, I doubt not we
are, to tiie acquisition of Cuba; but wd" have not
• arrived at the point at which the acquisition must
necessarily be made, or can he made, consistently
, with the conditions of peace, prudence, justice,
and the national honor.
I Ten yeais ago the President of the United States
: declared that Cuba was to be acquired only by
; treaty, by purchase, and not by war. The pres-
! ent President of the United States reaffirms that
! proposition now; so that the only question to be
[ considered is whether it con be purchased now.
i Well, ten years ago, the Piesident of the United
States olieied $100,000,000 for H;and the answer
to the proposition was conceived in terms so de-
cided, so unequivocal, so utterly forbidding all
I hope, that it was never after winds renewed; and
