m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
silence has been observed about it ever since, in
order to preserve the good understanding and the
good nature of the parties. The message of the
President sent here on Friday last, shows us that,
down to this hour, the proposition has not been
mentioned to Spain for a period of ten years. The
same message assures us eve# that it will not now
bte mentioned to Spain, unless some peculiar and
extraordinary measures are adopted to require
- him to bring it again to her attention:
Spain .holds the island now more tenaciously—-
with a stronger and safer grasp than that with
which she has held it at any time within the last
fifty years. It is now a period of repose in Eu-
rope and in the Western world. Spain having
gone through the crisis of surrendering up her
territorial empire in its largest proportions, has
entered upon anew career of material progress
and improvement. Her agriculture, her manu-
factures, her army, and her navy, are in a flour-
- ishing, prosperous, and-improving condition.
Heretofore, Spain has held*the island of Cuba in
the midst ofconfhcts between the two great Powers
of Western Europe, England and France, liable
to lose it to one or the other belligerent at any
moment. To-day, England and Franco arc not
only allies, but thoy are united in the policy of
maintaining Spain in the enjoyment of the Islands
of Cuba and Porto Rico, the last remnants of her
once world-wide empire. Spain exhibits, more
decidedly than ever within the last twenty years,
the habits of acquiescence and loyalty by her peo-
ple toward her existing institutions. She seems
to have passed the period when the country was
rent, convulsed, and distracted by the contorts of
dcmocraticand of monarchical factions. At present
she is apparently in a condition of profound repose
and contentment. If there was any doubt about
this subject, all doubt is now removed by the
answer which we have already received from the
authorities of Spain, to this very proposition of
the President of the United States, in the very
form in which it is proposed that we shall adopt
it. Ourmail of this morning brings us the answer
of the Spanish Government and Legislature to
ouradvanccs, even before wc have taken the first
step. In the Spanish Chamber of Deputies, M.
Ulloa asked the Government—
iC If it intend? to reply to the mo^tigo of Mr. Buchanan,
inasmuch as in that irf a patajjraph on the subject
ef annexing Culm to the United Slates which continue a
new and rutlly arrive unult to the Spanish nation.
"Marshal O'Uonneli declared thut the Government was
disposed to demand due satisfaction lot such an insult.
In its relations vvnli the United States, as in tho.-o with
all other countries, it hu^ always endeavored to b<> circum-
spect, moderate, reserved, hut always di mlK-d and fnm, as
the Government of a great people ought to he.
u The poiiod of discouragement enured by war and dis-
union had ceased ni Spain. Ouroountty is now poMhwlv
in an era of development and ventahlu restoration. 11 the
power of .Spain he not gieat, enough to menace, it is ions'
enough to defend the integrity of the terntoiy of the nion
oichy, and to ptexervo the dignity of the Spanish name
without staui.
"In whatever ciieum Maneo^ the Ppam^h nation mny
find itself', n will, m the future, <i< in the pa-4, nevei 1-e in-
sensible to its honoi ; udjrei will it abandon the smallest
portion of its teiritoiy ; and a proposition Having that tend-
ency wall always bo considered by the Government as an
intuit to the Spanish people. [Appiobation. j
"The sentiment of nationality, winch WcU supposed to
be weakened, and which, unhappily, wav slightly wuilv-
eited by our intestine discoid*—tins *entuwnt, the source
of high deeds and of geneious and heroic ampliations, dis-
plays now new vigor, and is incieasnt" m such a way that,
whilst we will never he aacies-^ive and never a.-pire to dom-
inate, we will never allow any encioachment to he made
on the inheritance left us by our fatheis. |_Appiobuiion.J'5
M. Qlaznga, in his own name, and in that of
several other eminent members representing the
different political parties, then proposed this res-
olution;
"The Congress* declare* that u has received with satis-
faction the fiocKuation ot the Monitor of Foreign Affairs ;
and that a isdi-po^ed toyive to the Government us constant
fcupport, m order to maintain the integrity ot the Spanifh
dominions.
'•The resolution wa> unanimously adopted, and ordered
to be insciibed in the atclnve:'."
Now, sir, after having shown that there is not
the least earthly prospect of acquiring the Island
of -Cuba by or in consequence of the passage of ■
this bill, what follows ? J t follows that the ques- ]
tion whether Cuba is desirable, and ought to be \
attained, is net at all in debate. It is an idle, a !
visionary, and mischievous abstraction. There;
is no such question here*, but the question which j
is presented is, whethertheCongress of the United ;
States shall authorize the Presidentof the United :
States to offer an indignity to Spam. That is all.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from New
York permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. The danger that he deprecates
has already arrived. The cause of quarrel exists
already, according to'the extract he read from the
speech of General O'Donnell; the insult has been
given by the President, and immediate reparation
is demandea. Therefore, wo cannot ve'ry well
aggravate that insult. It has passed from our
power.
Mr. SE?WARD. I have an answer for the hon-
orable Senator. I propose to leave the President
the constitutional power which he enjoys, of in-
stituting treaties with Spain for the purchase of
the Island of Cuba, in the Carribean sea, and
with all other Powers for all other islands in all
the oceans throughout the globe. 1 propose to
leave him the right and power of sending to Con-
gress messages announcing beforehand the trea-
ties he proposes to make, and leave him to an-
swer, on his own responsibility to the people and
to the world, for the wisdom and the temper, the
moderation and the dignity, with which he exe-
cutes these great trusts. 1 propose, on the other
hand, to reserve my own authority, my own
constitutional power, and to maintain the dignity
of my own official functions, and not at all to be-
come a paity to aft insult which the President of
the United States may be supposed to have al-
ready offered to Spam. I cannot consent to go
to his aid, though it may be necessary to draw
him out of the dilemma in which he finds himself
involved by a rashness which i did not advise.
Sir, i will not stop to inquire as an abstract
question about the Wisdom of a gieat nation offer-
ing insults and indignities to other nations. I
will not stop now to inquire about the virtue, the
morality, and the lienor, to say nothing of the
dignity of such a course. Dut I will say this, that
it is not wise to oiler an indignity to a foreign
power if you are to gain nothing by it. So much
may at least be conceded to me. And now, what
is to be obtained by insulting Spam? Nothing;
but only this: we must expect that she will be
provoked to war to resent the indignity, and when
the war has come to resent the indignity, then
the prize of Cuba may bo attained as indemnity
for the expenses of the war. Sir, if we desire to
acquire Cuba by negotiation, let us negotiate.
The President disclaims and disdains to seek it
by war directly. Are we to understand him and
a majority of the committee here, that they ask us
to bring Spam indirectly into a warm order that
we may conquer Cuba t That would be to im-
pute to the President and to the committee bad
fan!), which I nuui ulteiiy disclaim.
Those considerations satisfy my mind that itis
not expected, that it is not intended, that Cuba
shall be acquired m consequence of this proceed-
ing; but that it is supposed that some other ad-
vantage, some domestic and local benefit, will be
secuted to the President of the United States by
provoking a debate on tins sifbjeet m Congress.
-Sir, I do not so much undervalue the intelbgcntfe
of the American people as to apprehend any such
result. The. proposition seems to be an empty
one, an idle one, a Indict ous one; and if it were
not for violating (he wspect due to the President
of the United States and the mnjouty of the com-
mittee who sanction it, I should say a ridiculous
one. There is a play which we have sometimes
seen at the theater, in which the heroine is an
honest housewife who has a propensity for buy-
ing everything at auction, and she is always able
to assign at least one good reason for U, namely,
that, though the article bought is not wanted at
the time, yet U is cheap, and it will be so handy
to have it if it shall ever be wanted. So, one day
she bought a huge door-plate sold at an auction of
a neighbor's furniture, on which was inscribed in
Inrge letters the name of " Thompson," spelled
with a "p." although Ikt own name, as well as
In-r husband's, was Toodle. When the indignant
Mr. Toodle caller! her to account for the expense,
" why," she said, " how do you know, my dear,
that we shall not one day have a child, and that
that child may not be a daughter, and that that
daughter may nor be married to somebody, and
just as likely as not that somebody will be a man
named 4 Thompson,' and his name may be spelled
with a 4 p,' [laughter,] so it will then just 1H ex-
actly. I could not help buying if, because it was
so cheap, and it will be so handy, you know, to
have it in the house." That, sir, is exactly the
value of this great presidential demonstration,
made, I think, to retrieve the sinking and wasting
fortunes of an Administration that has disap-
pointed its own immoderate desires not more than
the less sanguine expectations of the American
people.
Mr. BATARD. Mr. Presidfmt, there may be
many things which the honorable Senator from
New York may consider unattainable, wild, or
extravagant, that may yet be perfectly practicable;
and so, too, it may be that there may be many
objects which the honorable Senator may con-
sider attainable, and which yet may turn out not
to be within his reach. The question is as to the
propriety of passing a bill, in accord-ance with
the recommendation of the Executive-, which is
founded upon the probability, under that recom-
mendation, of the acquisition of Cuba by the Uni-
ted States. E dicving, myself, that the future in-
terests, not only of tins country, but of civilization
and of human progress, are deeply involved in
the acquisition of Cuba by the United States, even
the chance of an advancement towards that acqui-
sition I should be willing to encourage when it
came from any source entitled to decent respect.
Now, sir, it may be that this bill, when it passes,
will not enable us-io acquire Cuba; but, in the
judgment of the Executive, such a recommenda-
tion has been made, f can see no injury to the
country if we pass the bill and fail to attain the
object; but it is an object of impor'ance to the
country, and the ultimate benefit of it will fully
sanction us, in my judgment, in the passage of the
bill.
The honorable Senator from New York has said
this is an insult to Spain; at least he has implied
in his remarks that it is an insult to Spam, by
reading the proceedings yi the Spanish Cortes, or
Parliament. The question is not whether they
choose so to treatit. 1 have lately had occasion to
read something of Spanish communication to this
country, and I know that Spanish action and Span-
ish words very often widely uiifer. Notwithstand-
ing all that has been read, it does not follow that we
may not acquire Cuba peacefully from Spam by
purchase. There is, under the law of nations, or
any principle of it that I am aware of, no real in-
dignity to a nation to ofierto purchase or exchange
with her any territory whatever, that may be in
her possession. If there is no real indignity, the
declaration of the Spanish Cortes that it is an in-
dignity on the part of the Government of the Uni-
ted Stares to offer to purchase Cuba, 1 consider
as merely idle. The question is, whether it is
wrong, whether we are violating the laws of na-
tions, ami the courtesy due to another nation,
when we propose to purchase fiom her a country,
the acquisition of which is desirable to us, and
which will never be the source of any real benefit
to her* 1 can see no injury in this. I can sec no
indignity in the offer. It docs not follow that we
are to carry it out by war. It does not imply dis-
respect to the nation in making the offer itself. She
has the right to refuse; we have the some right to
propose. As there is no real indignity in it, lean
see no reason why, in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Piesident, as the object is one
of great importance to this country, in my view,
we should not make the oiler, because, in the
judgment of the honorable Senator from New
York, it muv be that that offer will fail.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, although a mem-
ber of the committee from whom the rcpoit and
the bill now before us emanated, I do not feel my-
self called upon, at this time, to say more than
merely-to express my unqualified, yet respectful,
dissent from the views of the majority of the com-
mittee, as embodied in the bill which they have
reported this morning, and recommended to the
favorable consideration of the Senate, and to de-
clare my entire and hearty concurrence m what
has fallen from the lips of my associate on the
committee, the honorable Senator from New York,
upon the general policy of the question before us,
at sojne length, and with his usual ability. 1 came
in entertaining some expectation that I would sub-
mit some general remarks upon the question be-*
fore us this morning. I shall n<<tdo so; reserving,
however, my opinions and views upon the gen-
eral policy of the question before us, for a more
full and elaborate expression when the whole sub-
ject shad be before the Senate specially for their
consideration.
