1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
by this arrangement, which will cost $120,000, so
that we are only asking the small sum of $90,000
to open a commerce with these people. Why,
sir, it is but a drop in the bucket compared with
the commerce that will come into this country if
we,establish the means to bring it here; and so
far* from "its being a drain on the Treasury, 1 feel
perfectly assured that, if the facilities are afforded
which, I trust,this provision will offer, forevery
dollar we pay out of the Treasury we shall get
ten m return. What is the small amount of
$90,000 to us when a Government, crippled and
weak like that of Mexico, proposes to pay
$120,000 themselves? I think the propriety of
this measure is so palpable, and should appeal to
the enlightened views of the Senate, that there
cannot be a doubt as to the proper course to be
pursued; and I trust the amendment will be
adopted. 1 could-offer many statistics to the Sen-
ate to illustrate and enforce the propriety of this
measure; but 1 am satisfied, from the impatience
I see around me, that it is out of place and out of
taste to occupy the Senate at this hour, and,
therefore, I have nothing further to say.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Alabama that this is no time to dis-
cuss any question, owing to the impatience of the
body and the near approach of the end of the ses-
sion; but I cannot let this amendment pass with-
out expressing my approval of it. Perhaps, in
some respects, this arises from my knowledge of
the points on the Gulf, and what i consider to be
the very great neglect of this country in not having
attended to something of this kind long ago. This
proposition, if I understand it right, provides that
these vessels shall touch at every point on the
Gulf of Mexico. The line is to be a joint line
between this country and Mexico, equally paid
for by both Governments; and in my opinion it
will be a much better mode of benefiting that
country and connecting it with the United States,
than some plans which have been proposed at
this session. It is a peace measure; it is a com-
mercial measure. Mexico will be a good market
for our coarse fabrics,and a variety of articles that
are made in our country; and my opinion is, that
if this lino be established, it will do more to im-
prove the revenue of this country than all the
lines we have established in that direction to-
gether.
I cannot debate this question now, there is no
time to enter into details. 1 could, however, if
it were necessary, in my humble opinion, con-
vince the most skeptical in the Senate that an
American line touching at Mntnmnra**, Tampico,
Vera Cruz, and other points in the Gulf of Mex-
ico, bringing their productions to this country,
and taking ours to them, would make Mexico the
best market we can havo on this continent. Why
it has been so long neglected, I cannot tell—why
such a piopositioft was not made long n<jo, when
I know, and every man acquainted with that coun-
try knows, that the very articles the people there
most need, arc articles that can be most cheaply
furnished by this country. For want of these
facilities they havo been obliged to go to Europe
for them. A British steamer touches at those
points and gives them the facilities. The Mex-
ican Government have offered such advantages in
connection with this line, that it ought not to be
neglected. It will give us the preference over the
European lines. It will make Mexico our part-
nets m this line, and make them also responsible
for.managing it. It strikes me that no proposi-
tion has come into the Senate at tins session that
can compare with this. 1 know that for gentle-
men who want to give the war power to the Pres-
ident, to allow him to send war steamers into
these places and to bombaid tlvm at his pleasure,
it may not be so well; but 1 think u is butter than
that. My opinion is that it is much more poli-
tic. From my knowledge of that country, its
people, and jts productions and its exports, my
opinion is, that the establishment of this line will
reimburse ourTreasuiy ten-fold what it will cost
the Government; but I will not waste time .it this
late hour.
■Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Minne-
sota turned to me in apparent expectation that I
was opposed to this line; and he said that gentle-
men who \ycrc in favor of putting the war power
in the President's hands would oppose it. Now,
sir, I am not in favor of putting the war power
into the President's! hunds, and I am m favor'of
this line. I never did propose to put the war-
making power in the President's hands. I pro-
posed to put in the President's hands power to
protect our commerce in places where there was
no Government. Where there was, in point of
fact, no Government, where our people were ex-
posed to the depredation of insurgent bands, of
rival factions, and where there was no settled.
Government to which we could apply for redress,
I know no other means of dealing with that sub-
ject than by the strong arm of power.
Now, in regard to the merits of this proposition,
it is quite too late in the session for any of us to
talk about it as a general subject, or do any more
than throw out a few suggestions. This line that
is proposed by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, is eminently advantageous as a
national line for national political purposes con-
nected with our foreign relations, ft is not a mere
postal line. As a postal line,it is worthless; the
carriage of the letters would cost five or ten dol-
lars a picce. It is just as worthless, as a postal
line, as your overland routes to California are.
They are really not postal routes; they are mere
routes of communication across the continent; and
this line would not be a postal line; the postages
would not begin to pay for half the fuel burnt on
the ships; but there is another view of the subject
which ought to be taken into consideration, not
only ir> relation to this particular line, but to all
the ocean mail lines of the country. It is this:
that, independently of their service to the country
in carrying the communications between our mer-
chants and those of foreign nations, they create
for this country a preeminent moral power, a pre-
eminent commcrcial power, a power over public
opinion in the countries with which these steam-
ers connect us, and which gives us a great ad-
vantage in our foreign intercourse with them.
Now, take the'Republic of Mexico: we have no
connection with it; and our commerce there has
dwindled down to nothing, and Great Britain has
got it all. Great Britain, at a distance of nearly
four thousand miles, across a stormy ocean, has
monopolized the commerce of this sister republic
that touches us, simply because her Government
maintains steam lines in connection with Mex-
ico, and our Government refuses to do it.
It is said that this is not within the general
power of our Federal Government. We had a
mail line, last year, to Bremen. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer.] suggests to mc that,
during the few years that line was in existence,
our importations from the ports to which it ran
were increased from three or four to nineteen
million dollars per annum. W<?changcd our pol-
icy; the service was subverted; the importations
are dtoppmg off, and they are dwindling away to
what they were before.
Now, sir, I do not pretend that we ought to
send our lines of steamers bo all quartets of the
world, with Government subsidy, merely for the
purpose of increasing our political influence; but
there are points where our interests are so closely
connected with those of foreign nations that it
may be a matter of judicious economy to protect
those interests, by moderate expenditures in time
of peace, rather than establishing armaments and
protecting those interests by the arm of power.
I think this is one of those cases. In our Euro-
pean connections, perhaps, we are not benefited
so much, politically, as we should be by a con-
nection with our sister republics; but, so far as
connection with the ports upon the Gulf is con-
cerned, it is obvious that, if we are to have any
control on the political future of Mexico, we must
connect ourselves with them in some way. Now
we have no connection. Theircommerce has gone
across the ocean, although we can furnish them
what thfsy require at much lower rates. We have
what they want, and they have what we want.
Their productions aie such as are not laised in
our country; their mines give us the silver we re-
quire for our daily uses in the transaction of com-
merce; but all this is going across the ocean,
going into the lap of Great Britain, because she
thinks proper to subsidize mail steam lines and we
have none. We have had one miserable steamer
running across to Vera Cruz, in monthly trips,
two or ,three months of the year, and then stop-
ping, so that communication is cut off. In this
particular instance, the Republic of Mexico has
given a giant, to an American citizen, of a steam
line; and it has agreed to give him one half of the
subsidy necessary for keeping it up, if the Gov-
ernment of the United States will give the other
half. This is rather in the nature of a postal
treaty; still it is a legitimate subject of legislation.
I shall vote for it as a political measure, connected
with our foreign relations; not as a purely postal
route.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am delighted that my friend
from Louisiana advocates this measure, and I am
sorry now that I alluded to the other mat er.
However, he has made an argument on that ques-
tion. Perhaps I ought not to have introduced it
as I did collaterally "; but I am not going into that
question; because I know very well that if I did,
I should be worsted, whether I was on the right
side or the wrong side, by that gentleman; and
he has made such an excellent argument in favor
of this proposition, that I am willing to accept it
and say no more.
The honorable Senator is right, and he has ex-
pressed himself much more eloquently and forci-
bly than I was able to do, though I had the same
idea, in saying that we have neglected to cultivate
our nearest neighbor, while we have been hunting
all over the world for markets. I saw that; I felt
that while I was in Mexico, and 1 felt the influ-
ence of the British steamer touching at those
points in the Gulf, while I was there, and I could
not let this occasion pass without expressing that
feeling here in the Senate. I am delighted that
the honorable Senator from Louisiana has ex-
pressed the same sentiments. I will not say that
this line will accomplish all the honorable Senator
desires; but it is the first measure, in my humble
judgment, that has been introduced, since I came
into the Congress of the United States, to initiate
such a policy; because it treats your neighbor as
an independent country—goes into a kind of part-
nership with her; you are to unite your flag with
her flag; you are to unite in your operations with
her, and that will be agrcat deal if you follow it up.
I will say no more about the war power; but cer-
tainly what was proposed to be conferred on the
President was very much like a war power. Be
that as it may, I hope we shall follow this up by
a peaceful course of policy; by cultivating kind
feelings with Mexico, and by getting their pro-
ductions, as the honorable Senator said, which
we need, and giving them what they need. My
humble opinion is, that if we establish this mail,
we shall need no war steamers to go down there.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas; but, before I sit
down, I intend to move to amend it by striking
out " ten years," and inserting " four years."
Ten years is too long in this progressive country
for a contract of this character. We may want
to change and enlarge this arrangement before
even four years pass away. I concur entirely in
the remarks made by the Senator from Minne-
sota. I have devoted, during the present session,
some little time and attention to the subject of
our connections with the countries south of us on
the continent; and it seems to me the part of wis-
dom for the Government of the United States to
devote all its power and all its energies to the
opening of communications with all the countries
south of us on this continent. The Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] said the other day in the
Cuban debate, that our India was south of us on
this continent. That is so. We hear a great deal
of talk about the balance of trade being against us
in Europe. That is a mistake. The balance of
trade is in our favor on the continent of Europe;
but we have a balance of trade against us of from
thirty to forty million dollars annually south of
us on this continent. During the last ten years
we had a balance of trade against us in Cuba and
Brazil alone of $225,000,000—$22,500,000 annu-
ally.
i shall vote for this proposition as a measure
that is to connect us more closely with Mexico.
I shall vote for all measures tending to connect
us with all the nations south of us on this conti-
nent. I shall vote for all measures that have a
tendency to take off restrictions on trade, to lib-
[ eralize our commercial connections, and prepare
i that portion of our continent for intimate com-
! mercial, and, perhaps, in time, political relations
! with us. I move to amend the amendment by
I striking out "ten years," and inserting "four
] years." 1 think the Senator from Texas ought
j to assent to this amendment, for I look upon a
i ten year's engagement as too long a time. Great
