1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1628
events will transpire, perhaps, even in four years,
and I think we had better limit it to that time.
Mr. WARD. I should have 110 objection to
that if it would not vitiate the contractalready ex-
isting between those parties and the Republic of
Mexico. If that difficulty can be obviated, I have
no objection to that suggestion, and I will adopt
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move further to amend the
amendment by adding:
Upon the expnationof the existing contract for mail ser-
vice between Charleston and Havana, the Postmaster Gen
eral h heieby authorized and duected to contract toi senn-
moiitlil) r-erviee between Chaile&ton and Havana by the
way ol Savannah and ICry West: Piovided, The amount
p.ud -iiall not e\ceed §5D,OU0 per annum, and that the con-
tmet -.hall not he made loi a longer peuod than foui years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuaht.)
Is this (intendment reported from a committee?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it in pursu-
ance of an estimate from a Department?
Mr MALLORY. It is not. !
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair :
thinks it is not in ordei.
Mr. MALLORY. Is the question of order !
raised ?
Mr. CLAY. I raise it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Texas,
as amended. i
Mr. HUNTER. We shall have the whole,!
ocean steam service up, if we put this on. ;
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on I
a division —ayes £5, noes 10. 1
Mr GREEN, i oiler the foUowingamendment, |
which is lecommended by the Committee on Ter- ;
ruories: j
To enable tiie Secietaiy ol' r"('at to pay Tor tlie purchase
Ol IU1 ill- H>t the use of VolUllteej- <')i<M2ed I!l «lip-
iihiHii? lnd'an hostilities tn the Teinioiy ot Washington
duunif the late Indian ho-tihues m tka TeuKory, ,$7.(}0ii.
mnl\ mleie?a Iiomtte; nine ilie money vvao advanced b\
Governor Don^Ias^ lor .-aid purchase
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order,
that that is « private claim.
Mr. MASON. It is .not only not a private
claim, but it is not a claim at all. If it be con- ;
sidered a debt, it is a debt of honor, of the high- |
est honor. The fact is, it is an estimate fiom the .
War Department, sent here by the President of ;
the United States, to replace that much money |
expended by the Governoi of Washington Ter- i
ritmy, and which he derived from the Governor '
of Vancouver's Island. That money was advanced i
by the Governor of Vancouver's island three ;
years f'go, m Mar-m, 1856. The Semite passed
tho bill* immt diately on us being pjesjonted at tins
session, and I should not have, asked that it be :
placed on this bnl but that I was informed by the
chan man of'the Military Committee of the House
that it was iuiposr-ible for him to get the floor, ■
and unless it is passed in this foim it cannot pass !
at ail. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair :
thinks, from the language of the amendment i
itself, that it is in order. j
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com- !
moree authorize me to offer the following amend- \
nient: 1
Foi alence iomclo>e the po;t oli'ice and cu^tuai-house at :
Toledo. Olno. the Mini of>\!,5lK) ;
Mr. POLK. Has not that been voted on once ? j
Mr. CHANDLER. It was ruled out of order
because it was not presented from a committee. 1
It is now presented by a committee, so as tu be in ,
order.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment
as a proviso, to come in after line two hundred \
a ml seventy-four:
Hut this provision t-hail not be so constuied as to interfere
with the completion of, and pa\me.nt tor, woiks alrearij
begun by Craw'oul and Ko<;'-r>. or the completion of the
paintim/ of roonw m tin; north umg, ahead* pauly painted.
In the bill which is before the Senate, there is .
a proviso to the appropriation for the Capitol
extension:
"That none of the money heieby approp? tafed <4iai! be ex-
pended iu the d^conttion rnd enibcii^hiTi?nt of the Uapitoi
extension, by ?culptiue or pdintin?, unless the same, sdiAll
have been approved by the art commission authorized by
the act ot l'2th June, 1858, in the manner stated in said act."
The amendment is to save the works which
arc in progress. It is in conformity with an
amendment which passed, after a committee of
conference, during the last session, for the same
purpose. Under the authority of law, contracts
have been made, and are in progress, in executing
the designs of the late sculptor, Crawford, and
Rogers. We cannot in this manner violate the
contracts, and it requires some provision of this
kind to save them. I will merely say, in addi-
tion, that the act which provided for an art com-
mission lias never been executed. There has
been no art commission; the thing is a total fail-
ure. The only object I now have, is to save
these obligations which have been incurred under
the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, FITCH. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Punting to offer an amendment, which is
designed to meet a defect in the law upon the sub-
ject of supplying paper for the public printing.
If the contiactor does not fulfill his contract, we
are now without a remedy, so far as supplying
ourselves is concerned. 1 offer this amendment
as an additional section:
Sec. —. That m default of any contractor, under the act
approved August 2t5, 18o:2. entitled " An act to ptovtde lor
executing the public printing and establishing Uie pnces>
therefor, and for other puiposes," to complv with his con-
tiact m furnishing the paper for the public panting in pioper
time and ot suiiabic quality, the Superintendent ot the
Public Printing is hereby authorised and directed to adver-
tise proposals tor such time, and m such placet-, as he may
deem expedient, and awatd the contract to the lowest lud-
J dei, and to pmchaso, in tin' open maiket. upon the best
1 practicable toim^,all the pupet that maybe icqinredtoi the
I public punting until a new eontiaet i> made; and any m-
i cie.iso o( cost to the Government in procuring a supply of
] paper, the eonnacioi m dt tault. and his see unties, sluill be
i ehaiged wuh, and held lcspon ,in!c tbi the same, and-,hal!
| ho pio-ecuied upon then bond, hi the name ol the looted
j States, in the circuit court ot the United States; and all acts,
, or pari- of ac t«, mc-oti'i-o nt with inu. >-eelion be, and tho
j same aie liei"by, repealed.
j The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
| mittee on the District of Columbia to offer tins
! amendment:
j Toi repansof the Lnnj? Bnd?e over the Poroniac atWash-
• mgton. ; to be expended under the dnection of the
. (JoiiJinisMOuei of Pubhe Buildings.
i I have a letter fiom the Commissioner, which
I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Oifici: of the Commissioner of Puurao Biui.dings,
Max It Jn">U.
Dkar Sir : I deem it my duty to inform \ ou that the con-
dition of the sdiittu rn dtawo! tie; J ,on<r Bj <ii£> renders u
uie ale for public u-c The Mini ol j$.">,(!0U \* til be - ulhcient
to inipn.ve it. and make tt «'ii{net\ s.tte. The estimate ot
tin-, olnee for oihei repan- to the tank"1- ovei the Potomac
U ,|s !!()!), \\ hi'-i! \\ an ltduced to Ostj00 by He; House uf
ilepie-cntath ev. This reduction u dl deleat repaid ol a
11104 neee-sary eluiaeicr.
Vetj re.-pectfully, your obedient mt\.uit,
JOiilV It BLAKE, Corpvu^hnrr.
To Hon A. G Brown, (jian iawa of the ComimUee on the
District, oj Columbia, United States Senate.
i Mr. BROWN. I am utterly opposed to the
: amendment. This is an old question, and it is
! hardly worth while to discuss it. The Senate,
however, ought not to agree to the amendment
without knowing what they are doing. This is
the old proposition, to keep the Long Bridge an
eternal chargc on the national Treasury. The
other day, I allowed an appropriation of §,1,000
for that and the two bridges on the eastern branch
to pass without comment, because 1 did not choose
to make a point about so small a sum; but, when
it is proposed to appropriate $5,000 to this par-
ticular bndiio, 1 fed it my duly to call attention
to the subject. I do not think the amendment is
strictly in order. The Senator from Virginia (Mr.
AJasun] thinks it is, and reports it from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; but how did :
the committee got the subject In fore them? Not
on an estimate fiom the Department referred to '
them by the Senate, but a ptivate letter add russed
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings to my-
self, as chairman of ibe committee. We had no
jurisdiction over the subject. It was not before
us in any form. There was no memorial, no,
repoit, no estimate, no r  ftrcm-e of any kind. I _
j doubt vriy much whether a commute" can on- ■
i ginate a proposition of 11 u>i sort. ;
1 Mr. BRIG EIT. Tho euumate, aa I understand,
was $6,000 for all the bridges in the District;and
the committee, after examination, reported in fa-
vor of §3,000, and an appropriation of $3,000 is
in one of the general appropriation bills for that
purpose. I think this -amendment ought to be
voted down.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not consumed a single
moment in this debate, and I want to Bay a word
on tlus question. 1 will not go into a discussion
whether you will build a new bridge at George-
town, or keep up the old bridge; but I want, to
present this single view to the Senate: the bridge,
m its present condition, is unsafe for the public
to pass over. This estimate does not look to its
perpetuation beyond the current year. Various
propositions were submitted to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, in connection with the
railroad running north and south; but none of
them will receive the action of Congress at this
session. Looking at it, then, as a temporary
measure, and looking to the interest of the whole
public, I hope the Senate will adopt this amend-
ment.
Mr. MASON. I will not go into the question
here further than to say this: that I think it be-
comes me, from my position here, representing
the other side of the river, to state that this is the
only communication between the city of Wash-
ington and that side of the river, either for pub-
lic or private convenience, and the bridge belongs
to Government, under engagements made thirty,
or it may be forty yeais ago, to keep it up.
Mr. BROWN. I call for the yeas and nays.
We shall have no quorum unless we take the yeas
and nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—jYlp^r4?. Allen. Clatk,CoI]amcr. Dixon, Doob'ttlc,
Foctei, (iiecn, Gwin, Hamlin. Hammond, Harlan, Hous-
ton, iluniei, I vermin, Jones, Kenned)', Lane, Mason, Rcid,
Sebastian, [Shield*, Tooinbri, Ttumbull, Wade, and Vulue
NAVH—Tinted Bayard, RigWJiusht. Biodeiick,
Biowu. Cla\, Dave-. i-emlcn. Fuel). Fit/,patrick, John-
sou of Tennes-see, luny, MalJory, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sew-
aid, and Stuart—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to offer the following amend-
ment:
Jhnl he it fin they cum ted, That the Secretary of the fn-
tcuor bo, and he is heri-bv, aulhonzed to complete the pur-
chase oi tin* pieniis-es in the city ot New Yoik_, now occu-
pied by the United States courtH ami then ofhceiv, utidera
lease fiom William K. Button to Ui«> (Jnneil States, and to
pa> tor the same out ot the judiciary fund : Piovidcd, a suf-
ficient amount theit-of bhall remain unexpended at the
close of the present lineal jear.
{ will just nay one word in explanation.
Mr. H (JNTER. Does it piopose any limit to
the sum?
j\Ir. PUGH. It does notappiopiiate any money
at all. it is to enable the Secretary to save a bal-
ance out of the appropriation m hand, and ap-
| piopriate the balance m that way, and save the
i rest. It is obligatory on him. t do nut want to
i waste the time of the Senate. He merely deshe3,
, if he can save out of tire appropriations heretofore
, made any balance, that he may use tho balance
: in that way, in order to relieve the Government
I as far as possible of the payment of rent in the
! occupation of the building. It is left to his dts-
! cretion, and does not appropriate any money at
[ all.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this subject. I
■ will only say that a proposition wat made m the
House by the Committee of Y/ayfe and Means,
and then it was, m pursuance of hrnration, not to
exceed £2l(*,000. I am not certain of the sum.
, However, tho amendment will neither do harm,
nor good, because there is not enough left of the
judicial kind for the saving. The proposition
was made to appropriate $1,000,000, and tho
House, instead of agreeing to pay what we could
save out of this appropriation, just cut down 10
that amount the whole appropriation.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator id mi?taken. Here
is the Secretary's report. One semen^e will be
sulHeient to show the iitcessity of this appropri-
ation:
c* But if. by the praem e ot prop i t eonomy, the expen- «s?
of lis-) pic.senl vear should not e\eeed tho e of the 1.1^. $-<d
ii hoped thai fbe> Willnoi. ii w respectfully MxL'ae-'-'d
thai ibe l)ep irtineni mitj be ,ouhon/.ed o> apply so nak i; of
the unexpended balance ,i- mav t email) on band ar Oie cb'.-c
of the veai a - ni.'V ir: neee-.xy to the puicnase ot t,;e
bu'kiin^ ki'„u\t b\ it. n: the city of Now York, ior court
