542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
I will accept Central America, and sucli portion
of Mexico, as, in my judgment, would be advant-
ageous to the Republic; and I leave external
questions unfettered by our internal broils. I
le^lfe it to the wisdom and patriotism and justice
of the American people to settle their own inter-
nal difficulties here. Hence I will not trammel
this great constitutional power of .the Executive
to deal with foreign nations, with our internal
questions, and I will not manacle my country; I
will not handcuff the energies of this mighty na-
tion, by tying up our foreign diplomacy and for-
eign intercourse, and mingling with it our own
internal dissensions. At leSfct, to all the rest of
the world let us present ourselves as one people
and one nation; and whatever are our domestic
troubles, let us settle them internally. I should
suppose that those who have power, those who
have majorities, those who have mighty numbers,
would be willing to confront on this principle a
section of the country which has nothing but the
Constitution, right, and reason, to rely upon.
Then, sir, let us dismiss these questions; they
have- not arisen; they ought not to arise. We
ought to consider whether it is to the advantage
of the United States of America, as now consti-
tuted, to acquire this terntniy. If it is, let us ac-
quire it, ifitcan be fairly and honorably obtained,
and let the future take care of itself. Probably,
wiser and better men will have that to settle after-
wards. The people may have other assents here,
more faithful tojheirtrust than eitherof us,to sot-
tie these great questions in the future. I will do
my duty to-day; and I shall trust to the virtue and
wisdom of the country to settle all these questions
rightly when they shall ause.
As to the diversities of population, which the
Senator urges as an objection, we have had them
at ail ouracqui.smons. We had diversities of lan-
guage and race when wo acquired Louisiana,
when we acquired Florida, when we acquired
Texas, and when we acquired California. At
every acquisition of territory made by the iJepub-
hc, we have had exactly the_ same diflicultiea of
race, of language, and ot conditions of people dif-
ferent from our own, all of them different possibly
from the people of any State of the Union; but
we have molded them into one American people.
What has become of the Spanish race ^n Florida-3
What has become of them in Louisiana? What
has become of them m Texas? Where are they
in California? In both Houses we find that noble
State, the last acquisition to our Union, repre-
sented by American citizens, and everywhere,
throughout the whole of our acquisitions, twice,
yea thrice larger than the original limits ol the
Republic when the Revolution was concluded, we
find the English language spoken; and, as a-gen-
eia! rule, they are represented by Amenean <u!i-
ssens, even of our own rucc. It will be the ea*e
again.
We got free negroes, we got slaves, we got
Spaniards, and we got Frenchmen when we ac-
quired Louisiana. We shall <ret Spaniards, and
Englishmen, free negroes, slaves, and coohes,
when we acquire Cuba. Our institutions are suf-
ficient for all. We can Americanize them upon
the great principle that we will give them a bul-
wark which has been sufficient for all these dif-
ficulties, and it will ever be sulhcient as long as
we me true to ourselves. We have stricken down
the bonds ot political slavery, and we have given
those people our institutions; we have given them
justice; we have given them equality;and by that
menus we have no strife, no trouble. We lurvfr i
not kept one soldier to maintain our dependencies ]
throughout the whole of our acquisitions, from \
1803 to this hour. 3t requires twenty thousand \
men to keep Cuba now Irom throwing herself I
into our arms. It requires political machinery to
prevent the people of Central America-—as wo all
know who have any acquaintance with the inte-
rior of ourpohtical system, especially onrforei^n
affairs, for the last ten years—from throwing
themselves under our protection, and getting the
benefit of our institutions. It is simply a ques-
tion for ourselves; we have no trouble with them
at all. a Our institutions are broad enough, and
strong enough, and good enough, to hold all thus
continent. This acquisition will not require an
increase of our military establishment; it will not
require au inciea.se ot our Navy, so far as-our
people aie concerned; and if we are safer as to
external relations, so much the better. We have
I no soldiers in Florida to keep down the Span-
1 iards;nonein Louisiana to keep down the French-
: men and Spaniards; none in California, none in
i Texas, none in New Mexico, to keep down the
'Spaniasds. We send soldiers to protect those
I people against the Indians, but we have not sent
: a single soldier to preserve the fidelity or alle-
giance of a single human being whom we have
brought within the great fold of our Republic;
«nd wc shall never need one as long as we pur-
sue the same line of policy.
It is a mistake to suppose that, by a bill like
this, we are delegating the treaty-making power.
We do no such thing. It is the President's duty
I to originate all^J-eaties, all contracts, with foreign
' Governments. They know us only through the
Executive. The Executive believes, and it may
be true, that to have a portion of the price in hand
for tins valuable acquisition will be advantageous
to the happy termination of a treaty for this pur-
pose. If tins be so, I will consent to let him have
it. If it fails, I dm where I am. As to the idea
which has been thrown out of its being an insult
to Spain, I do not so regard it. I do not think
very much of the honor of a man who does not ex-
actly know the place where it is touched. As for
all this bluster of Spain supposing herself to be
insulted, it amounts to nothing, if she*were to
: oiler to buy from this Government Massachusetts
1 or Georgia, I should not consider myself at all in-
! suited, il it was not done in an improper manner,
: by way of bully or bravado. We have already
! made purchases from Spain. In 1819, we pur-
I chased Florida from her, but we heard nothing
| about the oiler m that case being an insult. Per-
haps they did make a little fuss befoiehand—there
may have been some kicking up then; but she
took the money, and we bought the territory, and
the thing was closed. Spam sold at one time an
empire larger than the then States of the Union to
France, though they said they were going to stand
by every inch of sand and every drop of water
within their temtory. The unale of the piesent
Emperor of Fiance sold to the United States an
empire woith a thousand times this island. I do
not count the Mexican purchase, because I admit
that was rather a torced sale—a t-,dr on execution,
as my fucitd from Louisiana [Mr. Uekjamin]
suggests. We fixed the damages ourselves, and
were exceedingly moderate. I have always been
ashamed of the modulation we exhibited on that
great occasion, because I think it did injustice to
] us and the people whom we conquered. They
! had a light to our institutions, and we ought to
i have given them to them, and they are sullermg
! at this day tor our not having done it.
; I say these purchases have not been unusual,
i Youn«j:, thriving, viiioi ous nations are purchasers;
; the weak, the U-chle, the decrepit, are sellers. It
j has always hern ho; it always will be so. When
. nations be<j;m to decav, they sell their territory,
1 or it is taken from tliem by conquest: or even
, sometimes before decay, with a pmdigal admiu-
' miration, improvident ruleis*sell their tenitory,
1 as Chailes 11. of England sold Dunkirk. De-
i cayd nations always sell, and generally do a good
j thing by rt; because what they do not sell is usu-
! ally taken away from ihetn for nothing. When
i they have hvid out their day and generation,
i about the wisr.H thing they can do is to part with
i their dominion, which they can m"< longer hold.
• Events will have their course, and thatgravitation
• of Cuba towaids us, nf which Air. Adams spoke,
| continues, like the gravitation or the eai th, gaui-
. mg accelerated motion every day it moves; and
! what was gravitating fifty years ago, is now
■ coming with teriific power against that island.
i The same law of gravitation operates in politics
as well as in the uatuial vvoild.
We are told, I suppose, by way of terror—the
| last point I think the honotaole gentleman made
j was that England and France had <jiiar<inlied that
. the island should nor. be taken by force from
! Spam. 1 have seen the same intimation; and, if
i I r-'lied on newspapers, I might gdiow that they
' have said that we should not have it with or with-
out the consent of Spam. That is one of the main
considerations why J desire the American Senate
and House of Representatives to-rlav to declaie
what their policy js. I (lesuc that England and
. Fiance shall know from these Hulls that we are
a Power in our own right, and that, if we make a
I contract with Spain, no threats of war from either
1 of them, or from both of them, will deter us for
one moment. I am ready to say to them: if you
have any of that work on hand, we will meet you
at any moment you please. I will not surrender
the independence which we have won, and which
we have hold for seventy years, to England and
France. They recognize Spam as an independent
sovereignty. We have won ours, and they rec-
ognize us. Then, if we make a contract with
Spain for the purchase of contiguous territory,
useful to us, beneficial to us, I defy. France and
England to interfere. I would glory in that vin-
dication of our nationality. I would rather they
would than not. I want to know whether we are
independent or not. I want to know whether we
are sovereign or not. I want to know whether a
usurper of ten years' standing, wiio maintains
his power with half a million troops, shall dictate
to free America whom she will treat with and
whom she will not. I desire to see the American
who is base enough to have his conduct or his
vote or the policy of his country controlled by any
such motive.
I am ready to throw back the defiance across
the Atlantic to England and to Franco, and tell
them I wall purchase where I list, of free people,
and 1 will be ready to meet them whenever they
attempt to defeat or to interfere with this great
right, belonging to every free and independent
people. We are able to maintain our independ-
ence against England and Fiance thrown in tl^e
scale with Spain, at any moment. At all events,
1 am ready, even in the first three quarters of a
century of our existence, to stake that existence
rather than be dcteired from pursuing a national
policy by the threats of two such Governments.
Now, sir, is this acquisition desirable ' Is it a
matter on which we ought to risk so much money
as £.30,01)0,000 for the chance of opening more
favoiable negotiations ? I think it is. I know of
no portion of the earth that is now so important
to the United States of America as the Island of
Cuba is. We speak of the trade of India; and
some of the friends of a Pacific railroad tell us
that, when that lailroad shall ue constiueted, it
will bring the trade of Asia to our continent, and
that we shall get at least the profits of the trans-
portation of the wealth of the Indies. Sir, this
wealth is at our feet; but they know it not.
What, to-day, is the value of tho East Indies ?
Formerly those nations who had a monopoly of
its trade, were great and powerful and rich.
Why? They had then a monopoly of silks and of
tpas, and more than all, the Western Powers were
then rude and engaged in war. The steam en-
gine had not then been invented. Their labor
was cheap, because of excessive population, and
those peculiar pioducts were important; and be-
yond all, Asia had the tropical products. The
commerce of the East Indies then engaged the
great tonnage and gave rise to the great wealth
of the world. Then the monopoly of the spices
was valuable, and was a cause of war with the
Dutch people, out of which they made untold
millions. At that time, the West Indies were
unknown; or if not unknown, those great pro-
ductions which were raised m the East Indies,
wete nut cultivated there. Sugar, and coffee, and
all the tropical production:-', were then confined
to the East Indies; and the possession of that
trade made nations neh and powerful. Now it
is different. I have no idea that the trade in teas
and silks would justify oar making a railroad two
hundred miles long. If you could fill up the
ocean, and lay a perfectly level railroad to-day
fioni San Francisco to Shanghai, it would be no
benefit in tins view, because you can now bring
products from Shanghai to New York for ten
dollars a ton when freights are low, and for
twenty dollars a ton at the customary freights.
As the Senator from Massachusetts fully and sat-
isfactorily demonstrated the other day, it would
he impossible to carry freight over a railroad to
the Pacific. I say then, that such a road cannot
advance us in obtaining the control of the trade
in thofc products: but we have all the wealth
which ever came from the East Indies, to-day at
our feet iu the "West Indies, and the only ques-
tion of foreign policy which is wort hy of the con-
sideration of American statesmen, is the tropical
empire lying at our feet; and it ought to be de-
clared to be our settled policy*—not by force, not
by violence, not by depriving the rightful pos-
sessors of their present possessions—to be the
American policy to unite, as fast as it can be
