1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
man, Collamer, Davis. Dooimle, Durkee, Fuel), Fiizpatrick,
Foster, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, King, Mason, I'ugh, Ileal, Sebastian,
Toombs and Yulee—24,
NAYfi—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Broderick, Drown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Fessetiden, Green. Hale,
Ilamlin, Harlan, Houston, Jvcraon, Kennedy, Malloiy,
1'olk, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Trumbull, and Ward
—23.
So the decision of the Chair wpq sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. IYERSON. I have another amendment
to offer.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to take up a hill which has been sent to us
from the House with an amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. i would do so with a great
deal of pleasure, but I know'what bill it is, and
what is the action proposed by the Senator from
Virginia. It would give rise to debate for the
balance of this day, probably, and I wouM rather
get through with my amendments, because I do
not want to be confined here. 1 have but one
more amendment from the Committee on Claims,
and it is to insert as a new section:
And he itfurther enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and lie js heieby, authonzed and required to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Lauia A. titebbins, of Bangor, m the State oi Maine,
Catharine C. Ward, of lfo\bury, in the. State of Massachu-
setts; Rufus ManfUi, of Houlton, in the State of Maine ;
and James A. Drew,o! Phcenix, in the Stateot Rhode Island,
the &tun of ,$3,353 eaeh, being, in all, the hum ol J5'13,4Q2, m
lull compensation foi thiee thousand three hundred and
fifty-three acies of land, in the half township in the State
of Maine, planted by the State of Massachusetts to the late
General Eaton, and called the'-Eaton grant," to which
said parties lo-1 title bv the operation of the fourth aiticle of
the rieuty of 9ih August, 184:2, "To tattle and define the
boundaiy between the United States and the possessions
of her Britannic Majestv m North AniencaPtotided,
That the said Laura A. SStehbin*, Catharine C. Ward, ltufus
Maiir-iii, and James A. Uicw. shall execute deeds of release
to the p.uue-i holding posse-story" or 'equitable posses-
sory claims,'' to the said three thousand thiee hundred and
ftlty-three acres ofland,or any poition theieof, as described
in the iepoit  made to the Governoi and Council of Maine,
by ISbenezer Hutchinson and others, commissioners under
a icsolution passed by the Legislature of said State on the
i'2th day of April 1854, and the plan of surveys accompany-
ing t<aid report's, and of recoid m the land office ot said
State : And provided, aho, That H shall appear to the sat-
isfaction of the land agent of sard State of Maine that such
deeds of release do convey a good title to said lands, ex-
cept <30 i.ir as taid titles have been affected by the operation
ol the treaty aforesaid: And provided, further, That if it
shall appeal to the said land agent that the aforesaid parlies
arc incompetent to make such deeds of lelease to the whole
of said lands, then they shall be entitled to receivc a jno
rata only of the compensation provided in this act for so
much thereof as they shall convey as aforesaid.
Sec. — And be Ufuilhei enacted, That the Secretary be,
and he is hereby, authonzed and lequned to pay, out of
any unappropriated money in the Treasury, to Edmund
Monroe and llenjamm Sewall, of Boston, m the State of
Massachusetts, the sum ot §13,540, m the propoiuon of
thiee fourths thereof to the formei, and one tourth to the
latrei, lit full compensation foi three thousand three bun-
dled and emhtv-flve acies of land in the western half of
" Plvmouth township," so called, in the State of Maine,
and the sum ol £6,7t>8 to Rufus Mansur, ot Houlton, -Maine,
and James A. Drmv, of lMiccnix, Rhode Island, in full com-
pensation tor sixteen hundred and ninety-two acres ofland
in the eastern hail of said town>hip, to which the said par-
ties severally Io. t title by the operation of the fourtlr ai tide
of the aforesaid treaty: "Piovidrd, That the regulations, re-
strictions, and provisions, contained in the provisoes to the
that section of this bill, shall be made, to all intents and pur-
puses, applicable to tins section.
Sec, —, jitid be it jurlher enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he i& hereby, directed to pay, out
ot any money m the Treasury not othei wi&e appropriated,
to Laura A. Stebbins, of Bangor, Maine, and Catharine C.
Ward, of Dorchester, Massachusetts, the sum of $6,651);
and to Edmund Monroe and Benjamin Sewill, of the city
of Boston, m Massachusetts, the sum ol $7,63.>, in the pro-
portion of three fourths of the same to said .Monroe, and
one fourth to said Sewall ; and to James A. Drew, ot Phie-
mx, Rhode Island, and Rut'us Mansur, of Houlton, Maine,
the sum of $2.32$ ; the «aid several sum-* being m full com-
pensation, at the rate of one dollar per acte, lor umber taken i
lrom lands owned by said pat ties, respectively, and located
m the Eaton giant and Plymouth township, (so called,) in
the State of Maine, and within the district recognized as
the " disputed territory," and which timber wa« taken olT
and lost to the proprietors m consequence of the diplo-
matic arrangement entered into between the United States
and Great Britain m 1832, by which both parties agreed to
abstain from the exercise ol jurisdiction in said Teintory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a de-
ficiency m the second section ol the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Georgia. The
woids " of the Treasury" should be inserted so ;
that it shall read, " that the Secretary of Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized," &c.
The amendment was so modified.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask if it is possible that the
Senator from Georgia can hope that we shall ever
get through with this bill if we hunt up private
claims from all the committees and put them in
such numbers on this bill ? J twill be impossible
for the committee of the House to read them after
this bill shall have passed here. I see no hope
of finishing this bill until perhaps a late hour to-
night. When it goes over to the Plouse, the only
action they can take, if they desire to pass any
bill, is to reject the amendments in a lump; and
then come these committees of conference; and in
order that they shall finish the bill, there is no
other chance for effecting that purpose but to give
up a large number of the amendments which the
Senate might desire. Then comes dissatifaction
with the legislation, as Senators call it, of com-
mittees of confcrence. It is to these chances that
the Senate, by its action, now expose this bill.
Would it not be far better to leave those things
as private claims, leave them to the committees,
and take this bill, and either pass it or reject it,
and get rid of it and send it to the House that it
may be acted on ? At twelve o'clock to-morrow
we shall have to adjourn, under the Constitution.
After that, if these bills should fail, and I now
seriously think some of the appropriation bills
will fail, there will be no excuse except summon-
ing together here an extra session—an extra ses-
sion, at which many of the States will be unrepre- [
sented;and yet these are the risks to which we are i
exposing ourselves merely to oblige one another, j
Amendments are put on the bill to oblige some j
friend, and notwithstanding the dangers to which j
we are exposing the public business of the coun- |
try, we press it in this way. A majority seem |
to me to be ready to adopt them all. J
Mr. IYERSON. This is a just claim, in my
opinion. We all know the difficulties of getting <
private bills through Congress. There are two I
nundrcd and fifty private bills upon your Calen-!
dar, which have not been acted upon by this Sen- ;
ate at this session; and what is the prospect of I
getting private bills through ? You might as well j
close the doors of your Government and your j
Treasury, as to drive parties to come here and I
get private bills through the two Houses of Con- |
gross. This bill was reported at an early part of
the last session, and it has not been acted upon j
yet by the two Houses. This claim originated j
under the treaty of Washington, of 1842. It is a J
claim which imposes an obligation upon the Gov- j
ernment, which, it seems to me, it cannot avoid, ;
to pay this amount of money to these el&imants. !
The fourth article of the treaty of 1842 stipulates, j
whenever the line shall be established between j
Great Britain and the United States, that, where .
parties have been in possession of lands for six !
years anterior to that treaty, that possession shall '
be protected and guarantied by the two nations,
and that a release shall be obtained by the Gov-
ernment from the local proprietors of those lands
in favor of these possessory titles. When the j
treaty was make and the line established, it ap-!
peared that there were a large number of persons j
upon these lands, which were claimed legally by :
their owners. The State of Maine has reiin- 1
quished all interest which she has to these lands, j
and the individual owners—those who hold the ;
legal title—have been besieging Congress, from ,
that time to the present, to extinguish their title 1
and obtain this release, which the Government of;
the United States is bound by solemn treaty to j
give to these possessory titles. ,
Mr. HUNTER. Did I raise the question of'
order? If I did not, I raise it now. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator ]
did not. ;
Mr. IVERSON. I do not yield the floor to the i
Senator. Ho has no right to interrupt me while ,
1 am addressing the Senate. t
Mr. HUNTER. I have a right to make a |
question of order. !
Mr. IVERSON. You have when I get through, j
and not before. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to interrupt the Senator from Georgia
on a point of order.
Mr. IYERSON. Has he a right to interrupt
me ? _ j
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly I have, to raise that |
question. 1
Mr. IVERSON. Very well, sir; I will appeal ,
from the decision if the Chair derides it. out of;
order; I will simply say that it has not been an <
hour since the Chair decided that the Florida ;
claims were not excluded by the 30th rule of the ;
Senate, and, upon an appeal taken to the Senate, |
the Senate sustained the decision of the Chair.
This is a precisely similar case.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator himselfconcedes that
it is a private claim. If the Chair is notsustained
in its decision that it is out of order, we might as
well bring the whole Private Calendar and fasten
it on this hill.
Mr. IVERSON. It is a private claim; hut there
is a vast distinction between a private claim sim-
ply, and a private claim which is founded upon a
treaty. The 30th rule declares that a private
claim may be put upon an appropriation bill if it
is to carry out the provisions of a treaty. There
is the ground, and the Senate certainly understand
that. It is very different from any private claim
which is not founded upon a treaty stipulation or
not to carry out an existing law; but the rule of the
Senate permits claims of this sort to be brought in.
Mr. CLAY. I do not recognize the distinction.
The rule does not sustain the Senator.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it does. I will read it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the point of order
must be decided without debate. The Senator
cannot debate that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
ask the Senator to indulge him a moment upon
this question. He has several times decided the
question, and stated the ground of that decision.
The case alluded to to-day, where the Senate
overruled the point of order that was made, would
seem to conflict with it, and would seem to estab-
lish this rule: that the construction of this rule is
to be decided according to the opinion of the oc-
cupant of the chair at the time, whoever he may
be. The Chair, in his own opinion, thinks that
these claims do not arise under the treaty; the
treaty covers no such cases. Therefore, in obe-
dience to the decision of the Senate which was
made to-day, he decides that it is not in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I appeal from that decision,
and I will read the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to state the question. The
question is: * 'Shall the decision of the Chan stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. IVERSON. The rule is:
" Anil no amendment shall be received, whose object is
to provide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing law, or a treaty stipulation."
Now, sir, the fourth article of the treaty of 1842
is m these words:
♦'Art. 4. All grants of land heretofore made by either
party, within the limits of the territory which by this treaty
(alls within the dominions of the other party, shall be hehi
valid, ratified, and confiimed to the pei ons in possession,
under such grants, to the same extent, as if such territory
had, by this treaty, fallen within the dominions of the party
by whom such grants were made; and all equitable po^-
sessoiy claims arising horn a possession arid improvement
of any lot or pared of land by the person actually In posses-
sion, or by those under whom such per^m claims, tor more
than six years before the date of this treaty, shall, in like
manner, be deemed valid, and be confnined and quieted by
a release to the person entitled thereto, of the, title to ?uch
lot or parcel ofland so described as best to include the Im-
provements made thereon; and in all other respects the two
contracting parties agree to deal upon the most liberal prin-
ciples of eijuitv, with the settlers actually dwelling upon
the terutoiy falling to them, respectively, which has here-
tofoic been in dispute between them."
The obligations of tho treaty are, that persons
in possession should keep the possession; and
that the Government should obtain for them a
release from the legal proprietors of the land.
There is the treaty stipulation. It is an obliga-
tion, in my opinion, that is obligatory upon the
Government, and which we cannot avoid. The
object of this amendment is to carry out that
treaty stipulation.
Mr. PUGH. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Chcs-
nut.Clav, C'Jmgman, Oollamer, Davis, Fitch, Foster. Green,
Gw'in, Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson ot Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mason, Polk, Pugh,
Reui, Sebastian, Toombs, and Ward—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Cameron, Clark,
Dixon, Durftee, Fesseuden, Foot, iiainltn, Houston, Ivex-
son, Seward. Shields, Simmons,, Trumbull, Wade,Wilson,
and Yulee—IS.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer
the following amendment:
And be it fm titer enaUcd. That the Postmaster General
