THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RWES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1859.
New Series.....No. 35..
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an -act
(H. R. No. 366) for the relief of John Duncan;
and an act (H. R. No. 813) for the relief of Mrs.
Henry R. Schoolcraft; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, requesting a
return to that body of a bill (S. No. 144) for the
relief of the legal representatives of Charles Gr.
Ridgely, of the United States Navy.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That on Saturday next, immediatelyafterread-
ing the Journal, (he House will go into the Committee of
the Whole and take up the Private Calendar as on objection
day ; and when objection is made to the bill, the member
making objection shall have five minutes' time to slate such
objection and oppose the bill, and five minutes' time shall
be allowed to answei objections and advocate the brll. The
question shall then fee taken on pending amendments, if
any, and then on reporting the bill to the House, without
further debate : Provided, That no case shall be considered
as aforesaid in which there 13 an adverse report from the
Court of Claims, or fiom a committee of this House.
Mr. WASPIBURNE, of Illinois.* I hope the
gentleman will modify his resolution, and make
it five minutes instead often.
Mr. KELSEY. I will so modify it, to meet the
views of gentlemen.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object to the resolution.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. DEAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Kf.lsey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 108,noes 40.
Mr. REAG-AN railed for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. M1LL>S0N. I call for the reading of the
resolution again, i want to see whether it allows
more than one person who objects to a bill to
speak to Ins objection.
The resolution was again lead.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 thought the reso-
lution specified t^n minutes instead of five.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York modified Ins resolution so as make it read
" five minutes," which he had a right to do.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That resolution
would preclude any amendments from being of-
fered when & bill is taken up, would it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It says the vote
must be taken upon pending amendments, and
then upon reporting the bill to the House.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 62-, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Barksdale, Barr, Bennett,
Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Boyce, Brayton, Bufimton,
Burluigame, Burns. Case, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Claik,
Clawson,Cobb, Claik B. Cochrane. John Cochrane, Colfax,
Comm.-;, Corning, Covode, Cragm, James Craig, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, JDavis of
Massachusetts, Davis of fowa, Dawes. Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Dnrfee, Edie, English, Eustis, Fainsworth, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Foley, Foster, Gilman, Gilmer, Granger, Grow,
Harlan. Hanis, Haskin, Hatch, Hoard, Hodges, IJoiton,
Howard, Iluyler. ICeim, Kellogg, Kclsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
Lawrence, Leach. Leidy, Loiter, Lovejov, Maclay, Hum-
phrey MatsliaU, Matteson,Mavnar<i, Montgomery. Morgan,
Moh'jII. Edwaid Jov Moiris, Isaac N. Morns, Fieeman U.
Mor^e/Olivcr A. Noise, Mott, Munay, Niblaek, Nichols,
Ohn
ter,
Roberts, Roy.., ,
aid, Aaron Shaw. John Sherman, Shoiter, Sickles. Sin-
gleton, Robeit Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thoihpson, Tompkins, Underwood, Vance, Wade, Wal-
bridgo, Waldron, Walton. Cadwaladei C. Washburn. Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, Wood-
son and Wortendyke—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl. Aveiv, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham,
Branch. Burnett, Caruiheis, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay,
Cociverill, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis of
Mississippi, De wait, Do wdelljEdmund^on, Elliott, Garnett,
Crtrtre!!, Qillis, Gooch, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Gioes-
beck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
mor>e. < J liver A. jvioise, inott, *>uu my, j.v ilhucis., ivicnois,
Olin,Palmer. Pnikci, i'etttt, William W. l'lielps, Pike. Pot-
ter, Pottle,'Powell. Pumanee. lteady, Eicaud, Ritcbie,
Roberts, Jto}-ce, Russell, Sandidgo, Savaae. Searing, Srnv-
McQueen, McRae, Miller, Millson, Moore, Peyton, John
S. Plielp?, Phillips, Reagan, Scales, Henry SI. Shaw,
Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson. Talbot, Miles
Taylor, Vallandijrham, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wing-
low, Augustus K. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—62.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was introduced.
Pending the call,
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, stated that his
colleage, Mr. Cavanauoii, was detained at his
room by severe illness.
Mr. BARICSDALE. I was necessarily absent
when my name was called. Tf I had been in my
seat, I should have voted for the resolution of the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. KELSEY. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
"¥he yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
change the standing rules of this House without
one day's notice?
The SPEAKER. • It would not be ordinarily.
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But this is a res-
olution which will have that effect.
The SPEAKER. According to the usual and
uniform practice of the- House, a suspension of
the rules to introduce a resolution carries with it
the right.to have that resolution considered.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order
in this connection. I think the rules were sus-
pended to allow the'gentleman from New York
to introduce a resolution Which allowed ten min-
utes for debate. As I heard the resolution read
just now, it allows only five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York modified his resolution before the vote was
taken, and it was so read and announced by the
Chair,
Mr. MILLSON. 1 did not hear it.
The resolution was then agreed to—ayes 108,
noes 42.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSE OP INVESTIGATIONS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is an in-
vestigation going of before the Judiciary Com-
mittee which has brought a number of gentlemen
here as witnesses. There is also another inves-
tigation going on before the committee appointed
under the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman',] and witnesses have
been summoned to give their attendance. There
is no money out of which the expenses of travel
and attendance of those witnesses can be paid.
Some of them are now waiting for their pay. I
therefore ask unanimous consent to introduce the
bill which I send to the Clerk's table.
Mr. SEWAIiD. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I move to
suspend the rules for that purpose.
The bill, whiQh was read, appropriates the sum
of $10,000, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the payment of the
expenses of the several investigating committees
of the House of Representatives during the pres-
ent session, and directs that the same be added to
the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SEWARD. Can that bill be introduced
under the rules of the House without previous
notice ?
The SPEAKER. If the rules are not suspended,
it would require a previous notice. But the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri is to suspend
the rules.
Mr. SEWARD. Even if notice had been given
under the rules, the bill could not be introduced
without a suspension of the rules. Bat no notice
has been given. If, therefore, the bill can be in-
troduced under this motion, it follows that one
motion obviates two objections to its introduction,
each of which would otherwise require a separate
motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Under what authority is it
that a member is required to give one day's no-
Mr. SEWARD. The rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman -from
Missouri moves to suspend those rules.
Mr. SEWARD. But when the rule? are sus-
pended, notice is required; and the rules must be
suspended after notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules so as to enable him to introduce the bill.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The bill was introduced, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. SEWARD. The bill makes ansppropri-
ation; and I insist that it must go, for its first con-
sideration, to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend' so mucli of the rules as requires the first
consideration of this bill to be had in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to that bill, and f am satisfied that the gen-
tleman from Missouri will accept it when he hears
it read. It is to the effect that no part of the
money appropriated by that bill shall be paid as
constructive mileage, where the ground is trav-
eled over only once for summoning several wit-
nesses. The amendment will save the Treasury
a great deal of money. As I understand the prac-
tice of the House, it is wrong in that respect.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as one of the com-
mittees of the House is concerned, I wish to say
that there is not allowed to witnesses any con-
structive mileage.
Mr. REAGAN. Not to witnesses, but to the
Sergean t-at-Arms.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
amendment, butfl think it ought to be more defi-
nite.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether it is intended to apply any portion of this
money to the payment of witnesses who appeal-
before the committee on the part of the defense >
If it is, I wish to introduce an amendment to ex-
clude that right.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to accept this proviso:
Provided, That no poition of this sum shall be paid for
constructive mileage loi summoning witnesses."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no objec-
tion to tlmt proviso.
Mr. HUG-HES. 'I hojje the gentleman from
Texas will accept my amendment as a modifica-
tion of his.4
Mr. REAGAN. Send it up, an,d let it be read.
The amendment was read, as follows.'
Provided. That none of the money appropriated by this
act shall be' used tor the puipose of paying the expenses in-
cident to the detente of parlies implicated before any of the
committees of this House, nor for constructive mileage to
witnesses.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment, as mat-
ters stand before the Committee on the Judiciary
at present, would reach no witnesses there; but I
believe the amendment is wrong, for the reason
that sometimes it is necessary; and whether it be
necessary or not, the practice has grown up be-
fore committees of the House to hear witnesses
who have been summoned by the committee at
the suggestion of the parties whose conduct is
implicated and undergoing investigation, and with
a view to ascertain the truth of the case. I can
very well imagine why witnesses might be called
by the commiUec at the suggestion of the parties
35
