1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
5&T-
under the Constitution j arid then under thela was it
stands,to appoint these ministers to foreign Courts:
and the gentleman from Alabama knows, aa well
as I do, that the President will not recall a single
man from abroad, but that these ministers will
remain at their posts. The only question for the
House is, whether, the President possessing and
exercising the constitutional power of appoint-
ment, the men appointed by him shall not receive
the annual compensation provided for in this bill.
If the gentleman from Illinois desires to accom-
plish the object which I suppose he has in view,
it would be better for him to move to repeal the
law of 1856, or to deny to the President the power
to appoint these ministers to foreign Courts. I
say that these officers are as important to the wel-
fare of the country as any other branch of the
public service. The amount of money paid to them
is scarcely sufficient to pay their expenses to the
Courts to which they are sent. I am not sure but
that the mail agents of the United States, who see
to the delivery of the mails throughout the coun try,
receive a greater amount of pay than the ministers
to foreign Courts. Two hundred and fourteen
thousand dollars is the amount contained in this
item, and that is according to the rates fixed by
the law of 1856. As I said before, not a single
man will be called home, whether the appropria-
tions are made or not. With a view, therefore,
of getting the question before the House, where we
can have a vote upon it by yeas and nays, I have
moved to strike out this entire clause.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
have no objection to the course indicated by the
gentleman from Georgia—as I geneially agree
with him—if it were not that the motion to strike
out the entire section will preventany amendment
of the section. I agree with the gentleman from
Georgia that the law of 1856, to which he has ad-
verted, prescribes the salary of embassadors and
ministeis who are provided for in this law. But
it goes no further. The Executive of the United
States, by virtueof the Constitution, has the right
to appoint public embassadors and ministers and
consuls wherever, in his opinion, he thinks they
are required. He can do so without regard to the
law. It is not within the law-making power to
restrain or to enlarge his posvers.
Mr. CURRY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether, according to his construction
of the Constitution, there is any other way of
reaching this question, except by refusing the
appropi lation ?
Air. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I answer the
gentleman, distinctly, that there is no other mode, 1
imagine. I do not believe that the dav will ever
arrive when the Congress of the United States will
come to guch an issue with- the President of the
United States as to refuse to a public servant a
fair salary when he has discharged the duties
imposed upon him by the Executive of the Uni-
ted States, acting within the constitutional range
of his power. This whole thing iests on the
President. If ho unnecessarily enlarges the sphere
of his patronage, by appointing ministers to Courts
where we thinly there is no necessity for them,
then the vote of Congress refusing a supply fur
their payment is a vote of censure on the Admin-
istration. Gentlemen who now refuse to vole ap-
propriations for the mission to Persia., the Argen-
tine Confederation, and other new missions, can
only escape the proposition that they thereby
censure the President, by saying that the recom-
mendation comes from the Committee of Ways
and Means—not from the President. The right
way to meet this thing is for the House to refuse
to appropriate for new missions, if they choose;
and lof the President take the responsibility, of
making the appointments.
Mr."SMITH, of Virginia. Is the appointment
to Persia included ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is
exactly the point I am arguing to.
Mr." SMITH, of Virginia. I would respect-
fully inquire of the gentleman from Kentucky,
whether or not the President is waiting for the
expression of the wdl of Congress on this ques-
tion, before he undertakes to act? I desire in-
formation on the sunject.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am glad
that a gentleman of the Democratic party should
come to the proper source to know the views of
-s the Executive. I will give him, with great frank-
ness, all the information in my power on this sub-
ject. I have no idea that the President of the
United States stops a moment in the proper dis-
charge of his duty, on point which he knows
appertains to his own executive functions alone,
to Wait for the expression of opinion from this
body. If he wants a minister to Persia, it is very
natural that he should desire to have the salary
of that minister provided for according to the Jaw.
He will not draw any salary till he gets to his
post; and if no appropriation be made, he will be
at the post without drawing salary. I object to
the motion to strike out, because that prevents
the action of the House, and forces us to strike
out or retain the whole section.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
at this point, to make an expression?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor, and all debate on this amend-
ment is closed.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from Il-
linois to give me a moment's time to state  
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, I cannot. I move to
amend the amendment by excepting Great Brit-
ain, Spain, and Sardinia. Last winter the burden
of the objections raised on the other side of the
House, against any effort at economy and re-
trenchment, was that we did not do it in the right
way. The then chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means sympathized professedly with
every attempt at retrenchment, but said we
must go to the law; and the substance of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Pihllips,] the other day, was precisely the
same, that we did not begin at the right end. I
do not believe that we can get hold of any end
that will suit that side of the House; that is the
trouble; yet the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] partly admits that this is the only way
to effect our object. If the Executive choose to dis-
regard the expression of the will of the Housein re-
gard to these missions, lethimdoit. The constitu-
tional power of the President is not imperative.
It is simply permissive. It allows but does not
require him to appoint any foreign, embassador.
Now in regard to the general subject, I believe
that this whole matter of diplomacy has outlived
its original purpose. It grew up in Europe, and
wehave copied itfrom these monarchical Govern-
ments. When one man ruled a nation, and one
woman ruled that man, it miffht have been pro-
per to send my Lord the Duke of Buckingham,
all glittering with jewels, as a diplomatist to this
Court. But that is all past. And now what
does this diplomacy amount to, as carried on at
present, so far as the interests of this country are
concerned ?
Ab uno disce omnes. Take France. What has
the diplomatic corps been engaged in at France
during the present year? Settling the question
about gilt buttons and small clothes, playing gen-
tleman usher to Americans abroad, introducing
ihem to the august presence of his Imperial Ma-
jesty, and then entering into a contest leading to
disruption on the important question who ap-
peared to the best advantage in the halls of Terp-
sichore. We are paying for this §*25,000 a yar.
And this, we are told, is for the dignity uf the
nation. Now, 1 insist upon it that this mission
to France has done us no good, and jS doing us^
no good. When we have any really important
work to be performed, we semi a special agent,
and never trust to these accredited ministers.
There is not an instance, atle;>st not more tha.n
one or two, I think, in the whole history of the
Government, where a treaty has been negotiated
by the resident minister to any Government on
the globe.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
inform the gentleman that there have been in-
stances of the kind. I can point him to two.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, we will take two. We
will say that, there have been two instances in the
whole history of the Government. A special
commissioner was sent to China—Mr.Cushing—
to negotiate a treaty. He did negotiate a very
good one, I believe.
He was succeeded, as I recollect, by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mi. Marshall,] whose
State papers, as I understand it, arc very much
better than-his political principles, as he lias
avowed them on this lioor. [Laughter.] Mr.
Reed succeeded Mr. Marshall. He went there
on the Minnesota, at a cost of #i ,000 a 4 ay io sail
the vessel. He stayed less than a year, and came
home. Perhaps,.however, I may be mistaken,in
-dates. Dr. Parker, who had lived there (or
twenty years, and knew the language and habits
of the people, and all the peculiar characteristics;
of'the nation, was secretary of legation during the
absence of these principal ministers; and instead -
of continuing him—a suitable man, who knew
the language, and was, from his long residence,
ability, and private worth, fully qualified to dis-
charge the duties of the office—he is removed,
and a new man is sent out there-^some broken-
down politician, who does not remain there more
than a year. Thus the mission subserves no pur-
pose, only to reward partisans, and ftliow them to
make a pleasure trip to the Old World. .
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, there was p.
collateral question raised here the other day dur-
ing the discussion on this bill which fas been
reintroduced by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Crawford] and the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] this morning, upon which I
raised a question the other day galling the atten-
tion of other gentlemen to the point; and, inas-
much as I raised that question, and inasmuch as
attention has been prominently called to itagain,
I desire now to state the views .which I entertained,
and which induced me to propound an interroga-
tory to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phillips,] when I understood him to assert the
power of the President to make appointments,
under the authority of the Constitution, without
reference to legislative action by Congress.
In. view of what occurred the other.day, I am
rather gratified that the gentleman from Georgia
and the gentleman from Kentucky have, this
morning, placed the matter in so prominenta view
as to attract attention to this question, although
it comes up now only as a collateral question..
They have assumed in the debate, this morning,
that the President possesses authority, under the
grant of power in the Constitution, which stands
above the authority of Congiess, to control the
appointment of foreign embassadors, ministers,
and consuls. That presents the naked question,
and comes to the point that I should have called
attention to if I had been in aposition to state my
objections the other day. And now I ask the ques-
tion: Do these gentlemen believe, or will this
Congress sanction, the ideathat the power of the
Piesident, under the naked grant of authority in
the Constitution, stands above, and paramount to,
and controls the action of Congress?
In propounding this interrogatory, I do not for-
get the earnest, deep, powerful discussion which
took place m the early days of the Republic in ref-
erence to the power of the President of the United
States to remove Cabinet officers without authority
of law. I know it was assumed byHamilton', and
other advisers of General Washington, and by
subsequent American statesmen, that the power
of the President to remove an officer was granted
by the Constitution; and that he could, of neces-
sity , exercise the power without any authority of
Congress. That doctrine is now attempted to be
applied in reference to the power of the President
to appoint foreign embassadors, ministers, and
consuls, without the authority of Congress; and it
is assumed he'-e this morning, gravely in debate,
by d istinguished gentlemen, that that power stands
paramount to the power of Congress over the ques-
tion. Now, sir, when I come in conflict, in my
understanding of the Constitution, with great
men who have given it a different construction
than that which seems to me to be right, I do it
with a great deal of diffidence; but I do it because
I feel that the responsibility of every member here
requires him to state his position on such ques-
tions. I look upon tlrs Government as a Gov-
ernment of law. I look upnn the Constitution as
granting powers whicn are to be exercised in ac-
cordance with law, and not without law. I look
upon it that, where authority is granted in the
Constitution, Congress must provide the means
of carrying out the grant of power in the Consti-
tution. And this, 3ir, is nothing but another step
towards Federalism; another wie p to wards central-
ization; another step, not merely to place Con-*
gross above the authority of the Constitution, but
to pface the single power of the President above
the power of Congiess. Though this question
