1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
bargain enough to pay without our taking from
their losses; but when they make a fine voyage,
they can afford to allow us to have the chance of
a little of the profits. I say it is fair enough.
Mr. President, I mean to do what I think is
best for the finances of the country. I want to
get a-sufficient revenue in a fair way, and honestly
collected, to pay the expenses of the Government.
I am willing to make temporary resorts to Treas-
ury notes or loans in times of revulsion; but I I
am not disposed, nor do I think the Senate ought
to be disposed, to pursue this course year after
year when business has revived; but wo are doing
that. There is not a sound statesman in the coun-
try that can believe that we are able to pay our
expenses with the present rates of duty, and the
present mode of collecting the money that we
appropriate. But the principal object I have in
view, and I state it frankly, is to prevent the evil
of these excessive importations upon the product-
ive industry of the country. I stand here at all
times to do whatever I can, legitimately, to pro-
mote their interests and welfaie. I do not intend
to do Jt by any indirect legislation, by any unfair
legislation; but I mean to appeal to the judgment
and candor of Senators who think this is a great
burden to them, to give their aid to assist in
making a fair system, they fixing the rates, so
that we can prevent frauds, and have inuring to
the benefit of the producers of the United States
the incidental advantage of collecting our revenue
in this way. I' do not want to collect a dollar
more than you. I do not want a higher rale than
you see fit to propose. I have no idea of this ,
hot-bed growth of industry; but I do not want the !
labor ofthis country prostrated by that of foreign j
countries, whose interest it is to break it up and
control the market afterwards. They have a very
different interest from what we have.
Mr. Piesident, when the Senate is full, I see
upon this side of the Chamber Senators repre-
senting every variety of pursuit. 1 see members
who represent the great agricultural producing
countries of the Northwest. I see those repre-
senting the mechanical Stales, those whose labor
is greatly diversified. 1 see those representing
the cotton interest, the sugar interest, and the
wool-growing interest, and all varieties of inter-
ests which are pursued, and the mechanics. 1
have never seen those interests in society any-
where, in any country of the world, where, with-
out somebody to wet them on, they would ever
be jealous of each other? that the one was pros-
pering more than the other. It is a sentiment
that does not grow among producers. They like
to see every one of their fellows prosper, fhey
arc not jealous that the cotton-grower gets more
than tine sugai-planter, or that the man who raises
cattle in Kentucky gets more than the man who
raises corn in Illinois or Minnesota. There is
no such jealousy among those who produce;
there never was, and there never can be.
But there is another class of men in society
who produce nothing themselves. They lend
money; they are engaged in offices with fixed
salaries; they are engaged m various ways. I
need not classify them, because if I did, they
might think I was speaking harshly; but they are
non-producers. If they produce at ail, they pro-
duce great staples in which they have, by nature,
the commerce of the world, and the monopoly of
the market, like the cotton-growers, and they feel
as if they were independent of the legislation of
the Government. They do notconsume one third
of their crop in the year. Mike to see itprosper;
it is a great interest. It adds greatly to the dig-
nity and importance of the commerce of our coun-
try. They are prospering, and they ought not
to be jealous of any of those representing a dif-
ferent class; but you will find the suggestion
coming ftoni all qiuuters that these tariffs benefit
you at our expense; benefiione c'ass of producers
at the expense of another. Did you ever hear a
producer suggest it? Did you ever hear a man,
engaged with his own hands in producing what-
ever he makes, for the wealth of the country, ever
suggest such a thing? Never. If you look at the
hands of the man who suggests it, you will know
that he never produced a dollar's worth of any-
thing in his life.
Now, Mr. Piesident, 1 will not say what I do,
because all the S< nators pies«-nt know my coui^e.
During the last session, ray honored colleague
introduced a proposition to make salt free. I did
know that any salt was made in the United States.
I asked if any salt was made in this country; and
if it was, I had my hand in to parry the blow.
Then my worthy friend behind me [Mr. Wilson]
offered a proposition to make sugar free; and I
was on my feet defending the sugar interests,
showing that if we had sugar free, we should
have to put the duty somewhere else, where it
was upon American production. Now, sir, I
have my favorite notions about the kind of labor
most profitable to employ; I like free labor; but
there is no labor of my country, and no product
of my country produced by any kind of labor,
that I do not like better than the labor of any
other country in the world, and better than the
products of any other country. Do not carry me
beyond that. 1 stand by the products of all kinds
of labor, and those engaged in it; and I do not
intend to make any difference between them. I
may have my choice. I like my country. I like
my country, misgoverned as it is; arid 1 mean to
take care of it, and provide ways and means to
take care of it; but I say, in doing it, I appeal to
Senators on the other side, who represent another
class, not to oppress the laboring class, repre-
sented on this side. You have the power, I agree.
I know there is a soit of jealousy, there is a sort
of unpleasant feeling, which has arisen from
coupes which I regret. I cannot help it. Even
that celebrated general—to whom the Senator
from North Carolmaalluded the other day, when
he asked me which was the greater, Hannibal
or Caesar—who, when a child, was brought to
the altar by his father and made to swear eternal
vengeance to the Romans, when they were re-
treating, said to his army, " Stop, soldiers; spare
the vanquished. " That is the best thing he ever
uttered in his life. I say to those who arc pur-
suing the laboring men of this country, although
you have the power, and although they are de-
pressed, have the sentiment of Hannibal, when
he said, " Stop, soldiers; spare the vanquished."
There has been no year, within my knowledge,
in which there was so much suffering among the
laboring men, as the last; and when I made an
appeal, at the early part of the last session, for
something to he clone to satisfy laboring men,
that they might not lack bread, it was parried by
this notion, that we wanted a little more time to
see how this tariff was going to work. We were
anlced to give Treasury notes, and then a loan.
1 saw, the moment that I touched that chord,
that the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] and the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] were on their feet, appealing, in the name
of their suffering labor, as few men can do like
them. It was parried. Wc have gone through
the year; labor is starting; and it remains for the
Congress of the United States to say whether this
shall be a mere spasmodic effort, which will sub-
side into worse desolation than existed before; or
a healthy convalescence, going on prospering and
to prosper. It depends very much upon our
policy which it shall be.
I cannot find out, we can get no information,
and there is not a man m the Senate that knows,
how much we have appropriated during the ses-
sion. We vote everything blind; and when we
come at the year's expenses we find, when talk-
ing about sixty-five or seventy millions, that it is
eighty or ninety millions. Wc get no estimates
and get no run of them. I do not complain; but
I see that we spent upon this civil list last year
$36,000*000, and in the Interior Department
$G,000,000, making $32,000,000,and they are now
estimated for $19,000,000. The Senator from
Virginia said that $4,001),000 were unexpended,
besides these $>13,000,000, and he baid that the
unexpended balance might be stricken out. In
that estimate of $33,000',000, nineteen or twenty
millions were estimated for the mail service. That
left only about fourteen millions for the other
business, for which we spent §32,000,000 last
year. There are only S3,500,000 for the mail ser-
vice, and $29,000,000 besides the mail service.
There are $14,000,000 besides the estimate for de-
ficiencies m the mail service. I have no doubt,
if we could get an account of what wc have ap-
propriated, that we have appropriated in this civil
service as much as wc spent last year, which was
$32,000,000. It is all covered up There is no
estimate here for the last *.10,000,000 of this loan;
there is no estimate in the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury for $1,200,000 that we will have
to pay for $20,000,000 of Treasury notes, at six
per cent.: but we shall pay it, and we ought to
pay it, whether he estimates for it or not;'but it
is all concealed. Nobody knows what we appro-
priate. I have nev<-r known, since I have been in
the Senate this last time, a single statement of the
amount that was appropriated by asirigle aftpro^
priation; but they recommend certain things, and
we cannot keep the run of them, unless one has
the power to look right through them, without
knowing the figures^
I would like very much to illustrate the effects
of glutting the market upon the producers of
this" country; but I know 1 have promised to be
as short as possible. I do not know what that
is; but I have not time to make even a short
speech. I could have made it a greafcdeal shorter
if 1 had had more time; but I will make a single
illustration of this overstocking of the market, by
supposing, as the Senator from Virginia had ad-
duced to us, that each Senatorwas to build a store
on Pennsylvania avenue—sixty-four stores—and
there was a good tenant for each store that was
wanted to hire, and we should get a fair interest
for the investment. Suppose, by reason of out-
lay and insurance, (and sve would have to pay
one or two per cent, for insurance,) and wear and
tear, they cost us $5,000 apiece, and we received
$400 rent, and we built them from patriotic mo-
tives to build up the Federal city. Suppose, from
the same motive, that we should induce a foreign
minister to build a store; that we should invite
him to come to Washington, which is becoming
a large city, and show him that these were profit-
able investments; that if he invested his money
in Europe he would get only three per cent., be-
sides the wear and tear; and suppose we should
induce one of our present worthy ministers to
make an investment, to build a store. He lets it.
He is going to return to Europe, and wants to get
a tenant for five or six or ten yeai^ after he had
finished it, and he had taken the best tenant there
was in the sixty-four stores already built. He
may make a lease for ten years, for he is going
away for ten years, or put the coat of arms of his
ancestors over the door. You cannot find sixty-
four Ann ricau tenants in the United States that
some one of them would not rather hire of a no-
bleman than a Senator. He is a landlord, and
we are only a sort of quasi landlords. There is
no such thing as a landlord in the United States.
We took that term from where they do have real
landlords; and if a person there built a store, he
would be landlord; we are store-letters. He
would get a tenant away from us, and then there
would be one empty tenement, one empty store,
and we have got to hire it; and we should work
down each other and underlet, until we got one
of the other sixty-four an empty tenement; arid
then we would begin to go hack and keep reduc-
ing the rents, until we could get somebody to take
that one who did not want it.
That is the effect of overstocking the market
anywhere; but 1 suppose when we should get
through this calculation, the Senator from Vir-
ginia would say as he does about the revulsion,
that we built these stores with paper money, and
his lordship built them with gold. That is about
as good a reason as the President and his party
give for the late revulsion: that the banks had too
much paper money; and money was at three per
cent, a month all the time.
Now, Mr. President, I have endeavored to
explain this amendment. It does not change a
feature of your laws, except to make the practice
uniform under them. The second section pre-
vents us from being dealers in merchandise after
the goods arc taken. If sve take fifteen or six-
teen per cent, out of the hundred, the importer
has eighty-four per rent. There is a provision
that he shall make oath that the quantity is rightly
stated; that the quality entered for examination
is a fair sample of the whole. That is all there
is about it. Then it fixes the value at which we
shall take ours or sell his. I have altered it so
that if we take his, we give him ten per cent, for
his profit, and let him have ours without any per
cent, at all. That gives him ten per cent, advant-
age. I think he ought to make something. In
England they give him five per cent.; in France
ten per cent. I put it at the highest figure. By
that means the importers will feel it their interest
to sell and get a fair market value; and the duty
is on the fair market value
