ste
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
has come up incidentally, I have felt called upon
t«s call attention to it.
{Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Lovf.joy's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is the; amendment now pend-
ing the original amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois? _
The CHAIRMAN. No, sif; the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
Mr. BOCOCK. To strike out the whole clause?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe, sir, that we have a
right to perfect the clause before that question is
put.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has that
right.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then, in order to do so, I
more to strike out the word "Denmark." I
wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that doctrines have
been promulgated here, by distinguished mem-
bers of t^is House that, as a Virginia strict-con-
structiomst and State-rights Democrat, I have
heard, not without regret; and it is for that rea:
son that I desire to make some remarks. I deny
utterly the proposition, a  stated by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, and the gentleman from
Kentucky, that the President of the United States
has unlimited power to make appointments of
embassadors and other foreign ministers, and
that we have no control over the subject. I say,
sir, that that was not the doctrine in the early
history of this body, and in the better days of the
Republic, They were jealous then of Executive
power.
I find that in 1798 a bill was introduced to reg-
ulate our foreign intercourse.' To this bill, Mr.
Nicholas, of Virginia, a stern and unflinching
Republican, moved an amendment, the object of
which, as he stated it, was '* to reduce our diplo-
matic establishment to what it was before the late
increase." After this statement of his purpose,
it is said that—
" He then went into a detail of the proceedings of the
First Congress, in order to show that it was admitted on all
sides by that body that the Constitution ve ted the power
of specifying and limiting the salaries of foreign umiistns
and eoiiHub, Ho r*;ul the s-peeches of Mr. Lawrence, Mr.
Sherman, Mr. W. Smith of South Carolina, Mr. Hedgwielc,
Mr. Huntingdon, and several others, iroin the Congressional
Register, by which it appeared that there was but one opin-
ion on their power under the Constitution, and showed from
hence that the only reason why the House did not under-
take to enumerate and fix the salaries of foreign ministers
in detail arose merely from the want of information as to
the places where they should be fixed. lie also showed that
ha was supported in his construction by the rresident'htm-
eolf, in hi*i late application to extend the appropriation to
eovcr the appointment to Berlin, which would not have
been requisite had the House not possessed a discretionary
power on tile subject."
The same view of the power of Congress was
held by Mr. Gallatin, Mr. Pinkney, and other
Republicans, in the same debate, while II. Gray
Otis, and other Federalists like him, contended
strenuously and successfully for presidential pre-
rogative.
i have not examined the debate in the First
Congress under the Constitution to which Mr.
Nicholas referred, but it was not controverted in
1798, so far as I have seen, that he correctly de-
scribed it.
In 1826,"m the famous debate on the proposed
Panama mission of Mr. Adams, the Democratic
Republicans pat forth the same doctrines as those
of Mr. Nicholas in 1798.
A debate occurred about the same time on the
" Rules of the Senate," in the course of which
Mr. Van Buren, then Senator from New York,
spoke of the alarming disposition which had man-
ifested itself to concentrate power in the hands of
th  "Executive, and to limit the popular branch.
He says:
"The same disposition to limit the popular branch was
forcibly illustrated m the discussion of thu foujign inter-
eouise bill m 1798. It upon that occasion contended, and
successfully, too, that the Jiunse of Representatives had no
discretion upon the question of appropriation tor the ex-
penses of such intercourse with foreign nriuona a* the Pres-
ident saw fit to establish; that they would be justly obnox-
ious to the charge of gru^ delinquency it they hesitated to
make provision for the®a!ari«-< of such foiefcn ministers us
the President, with the absent of the Senate, should ap-
point. What would be the (ofilmgs of real and unchanged i
ilepubliean3in relation to such doctrines at this day.iJ' j
Mr Van Buren then proceeded further to con- 1
.fieron this doctrine with marked seventy. I
In the able debate which occurred during Gen-
eral Jackson's adminiBtmtion on the subject of
'the Turkish mission, this claim of power for the
House of Representatives was again repeated and
enforced by distinguished Republicans from Vir-
ginia and elsewhere. Mr. Woodbury, Senator
from New Hampshire, whose soundness as a
constitutional expounder all Democrats acknowl-
edge, in the course of that debate said, he never
supposed that the enumeration of ministers,
judges, &c., in the Constitution, gave power to
appoint any particular minister or judge, till alaw
or specific appropriation created a particular of-
fice. From the beginning of the Government the
power to restrain and limit the President in this
respect has been practically employed. At first,
it was the practice to limit the President by re-
stricting the amount of money which he should
use for diplomatic purposes. They appropriated
in advance a certain amount, and limited him to
that. At a subsequent time they actually enumer-
ated the missions—as does, to some extent, the
law of 1856—and fixed the salary at each mis-
sion; and at different times, when the President
has wished to establish a new mission, before he
has done so, he has applied to Congress (as Pre-
sident Buchanan has done in relation to the mis-
sion to Persia) for authority to do it, by an ap-
propriation in advance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to set myself ex-
actly right on this question. The Constitution
provides that the President—
" Shall have power, by and with the advice and consent
of the dentate, to make treaties, provided two third* of the
Senators present shall concur; and he shall nominate, and
liy and with the advice and consent of the Senate fahall
appoint, embassadors, other public ministers and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other ofheers of the
United States whose appointment is not lieiem otheiwise
provided for, and winch shall be established by law."
Now, sir, the President has the power, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point embassadors, public ministers, consuls, and
judges of the Supreme Court. That is one distinct
and separate power given him. Then, to include
such as were not named, he has the general power
granted to appoint all ot/ er officers whose appoint-
ment shall be provided for by law. That parf of
the paragraph which limits the power of appoint-
ment, to the officers whose appointment shall be
provided for by law, has no reference to embas-
sadors and other foreign ministers. Now, this
is my first proposition: that the President has
the power, utider the Constitution of the United
States, to appoint embassadors and other foreign
ministers, without the authority of Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG. With the consent of the
gentleman from Georgia, I wish to ask a single
question. I will detain him but a moment. 1 un-
stand the first proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia to be that the President has the absolute
right, under the Constitution, to appoint embas-
sadors and foreign ministers.
Mr. CRAWFORD, liy and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well. I understand
him, also, to hold that the President has the same-
power, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint judges of the Supieme Court,
without the consent of Congress. iN'ow, I ask if
he has not, under the same power, the authority
to appoint as many judges of the Supreme Com t
as he may think proper, provided lie can get the
consent of the Senate to confirm such appoint-
ments ? ,
Mr. CRAWFORD. Not at all; for that is reg-
lated by law.
Mr. KELLOGG. The language is the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague, does it not specify the number of judges
of the Supreme Court?
Mr. KELLOGG. I think not.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The number has been fixed
by Congress.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is no difference in the
language contained in the Constitution in refer-
ence to the two cases.
M'r. CRAWFORD. I said that the President of
the United States had the power to appoint those
ministers, and that liehad appointed them. Their
compensation has been fixed by law, and the bill
reported to the House simply covers the compen-
sation provided by law. iNow, sir, in reference
to the countries which the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois proposes to strike out, Great
Britain, France, and Spain, the law provides that
those who come within schedule A, Great Brit-
ain and France, shall receive salaries of S17.500
a year. Those embraced in the second class, which
includes Spain, Austria, Prussia, Biazil, Mexico,
and China, are to receive salaries of $12,000 a year.
The authority under the Constitution having been
exercised by the President, the ridit of these min-
isters to receive the money constituting their sal-
aries is fixed, and the refusal t o make this ap-
propriation will not change it. How do you escape
the obligation arising under the law by simply
withholding the appropriation ? If you do refuse
to pay them, you simply refuseto pay what Con-
gress has already said shall be j aid.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the pending amend-
ment, which is to strike out " Denmark," and
move to strike out " Holland."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to continue the
remarks in which I was somewhat summarily
cut off by your hammer. I think the question of
the gentleman from Illinois, over the way, [Mr.
Kellogg,] has thrown some light on the point I
was about to discuss. When the Constitution
of the United States provides that the President
of the United States shall have the right to ap-
point embassadors, foreign ministers, judges of
the Supreme Court, &c., they stand all upon the
same groun#". The Constitution means that the
President shall have the right to (ill these offices,
so far as they may bo created or recognized by
law. If he has not full discretion over the num-
ber of judges of the Supreme Court, which he
may appoint, why is it that he has full discre-
tion over the number of embassadors and minis-
ters? Of what avail is this claim of power for the
President? Suppose the gentleman from Georgia
be correct in Ins position, that the President has
the right to appoint these ministers without au-
thority of law:, they cannot be paid until the
House of Representatives shall pass upon the
question of paying them. Compensation, under
our system, is a part of the essence of an appoint-
ment. We have control of that subject, mid
therefore we may control the question of appoint-
ment.
We have, I say, the right, sitting here as the
representatives of the people, by passing or re-
jecting appropriations, to determine whether a par-
ticular appointment is in accordance with law,
and proper to be made, or not. If we have the
right to control the matter, it is both jusl and ex-
pedient that we should say in advance what wo
will do. if we do not think a mission should be
filled, by so declaring in advance, we give notice
to the appointing power, so that it may regulate
itself accordingly.
It has been admitted by wise men, on all sides
in politics, that the constitutional authority on the
part of the Piesident to appoint judges, embassa-
dors, &c,, is limited to filling offices established by
law. It has been said that the domestic offices
must bo regulated by domestic, while the foreign
offices must he established by international, law.
But this does not remove the difficulty which I
have stated. The power of the President is not
complete without action on our part; nor is an ap-
pointment of this kind, like a treaty, declared to
be supreme law, which may not begamsayed. Wo
have as much right to judge of law and expedi-
ency in making the appropriation, as he has in
making the appointment. Certainly, the question
of precise compensation is not closed until the
House of Representatives passes upon it; in pass-
ing upon it, it has full discretion to determine
whether or not the appointment is of any value
to the country, and what it is worth. Suppose
we say that a minister to Persia would be worth
nothing to us, and so declare in advance of an
appointment: that is a declaration .on our part
that such office ought not to be filled.
But here I come to the main point of the argu-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Crawford,] who contends that, as the ap-
pointments have been made, and the salaries fixed
by the law of 1856, we should not lessen the ob-
ligations of the United States if we did not vote
this money. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Curry] has already suggested that appropriations
have been made to pay these officers up to the 1st
of July next; and the question which we discuss
is, whether we must, in advance, commit ourselves
to all these appointments, and declaie them neces-
sary and proper for the future, by appropriating
money to enable the President to keep them filled
after the 1st of July next. But, says the gentle-
