1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1633
I intended to make some remarks, Mr. Presi- I
dent, in reply to the answer which the Senator
from Virginia made to me the other day. I did
not get a chance to get the floor since. These dis- :
cussions have gone on very singularly {luring the
session. I make no complaint of them. In the
early part of the session, in order that this sub-
ject should come fairly before the Senate, that
they should have time to consider it, I offered a
resolution calling upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for a plan, as suggested by the President,
giving us the average prices of goods for the last
four or five years, that we might base something
upon it. I said a few words upon it, and it was
laid by. There have been little running debates
upon other propositions. I at one time—I do not
recollect exactly what was up—undertook to give
my view of the finances of the country, and the
next day I was replied to. I should like to have
the Secretary read part of the speech of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, upon which I intend to make
a few observations, and then I will close. I want
to insert these remarks in my speech, and let the
people in my part of the country know the feel-
ing that the Senator from Virginia possesses to-
wards them:
The Secretary read as follows:
" But, Mr. President, the Senator from Rhode Island
made an appeal to us hi the name of the American laborer;
and whenevei he speaks on that subject he moves my
sympathies, because he is eloquent and sincere; he touches
my heait if he hu!s to convince my head ; but when I come
to reflect coolly upon it, I find that my theory or' doing it is
very different fiom his. I, too, would aid the American
laborer. The paths we would pur&ue to reach the same
end diverge mo -t widely. I would cheapen the ax with
which he hews hi" way into the foier-t; the hoe and the
plow with which he wumrs from the reluctant jrrasp of
mothei cdith a haid-eaiped subsistence lbi his wile and his
childien; the blanket winch covcus him by night, and the
coat which shields him bv day a^am-t the stoims and the
rigors of winter. 1 would diminish the ptice of the holt
with which the sailor ias-teiw the Mde of Ins ship together,
and cheapen the coidaae which holds the spais in their
places ; and by all justifiable means in my povvei I would
open to him eveiy port upon all the sods. I would cheapen
in the manufaetuier the roo!< which lie u*od and the clothes
which he wore; I would cheapen to him the sugar that
sweetens the 'cup that cheeis but not mebnatesand i
would relieve lmn horn the s-cuse of dependence for his
subsistence upon bounties to be extracted fiom the hard
earnings ot his teliow laboiers. [ would extend, because I
would cheapen the co>t of making, that non path upon
which our citizens of eve y degiee are speeding by day and
by night m pursuit of their objects of pleasure or of profit.
In short, sir, I would open wide the door to the self-devel-
opment of Amencan industry, and leave it fiec to puisue
the bent of us own genius; and if it did not then achieve
whafevei is grand and useful or cuuous and beautiful in
art, the fault would not rest upon the want of proper op-
portunity, but upon its own incapacity. For mj-self, I am
willing to abide the result. I do not distrust the capacity of
my countrymen to do as much as ha* been effected by any :
other nation m founding empires or building up mdustnal
systems.
u Su, the young giant of the \Ve«>t has now assumed the
full dimensions of manhood. It is ridiculous to attempt to
guide hnn by the feeble leading «tnngs of your piotective
system. It is idle to seek to bind hnn loi fear he should do
himself mischief if you should give hnn the fiee use of his
limbs. No, Mr, let him go; let him take the tange of the
earth in pnr-,mt of ln< loyal instincts ol power and of em-
pire; and my woid (or it, he will not f-top to set up his pil-
laio at thestiaits of a smooth and tideless sea; he will not
pau^e at the first outlook upon the wide and ftoimy ocean,
but he will bravely breast its billows and buffet with us
stoims, whether it be to coast, the icy cape or to pursue the
burning hue, and he will leave monuments of Ins progress
and of his power which will endure, i ft list, as long as the
Rock of Gibraltar itself. That he will be a prodigy of power,
I doubt not. That he will also be a minister of mercy, 1
wish I weie equally sure of; but I much fear me that, where
ever he may go, and however distant the land, if there be a
handful of eanh to be had, oi a single twig giowmg upon
a liec, he will return to them as emblems ot Ins seizin, and
evidences: of his, title to a possession that may he worse than
useless to hnn alter all. Sir. I observe that, at the veiy name
of termory, his whole nature seems lochange: he becomes
as wild as the old Phoenician with his bul^kin measure
merit of land; as crafty a^ that old Saxon sea-king, his pio-
geniTftr, perhaps, who, having: obtained the possession of a
Japlul of eaith,  owed the dust ovei whole fields which he
claimed to hold under such fictions of law as the strong
alone can impose upon the weak. But, sir, while I would
restrain him from tins universal lust of acquisition, I think
there are exceptions to the mle. I would not dissuade him
from the use of all honest and just means for the acquisition
of Cuba. It is the rib which was taken fiom his side:' male
and female created He them.' "
Mr. SIMMONS. Now,Mr. President, I should
have been glad to have got the floor immediate-
ly after that speech to have caught the inspira-
tion 
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator from
Rhode Island allow me to'say a word?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMMOND. If we were to sit here until
the moment that this Congress expires, we have
scarcely time enough to transact the business that
is absolutely necessary to keep this Government
in motion. The Senator from Rhode Island has
brought a proposition here which, I suppose, very
few members of the Senate understand—which I
do not pretend to understand—to remodel the
tariff; and he is making a speech upon that sub-
ject, spinning out and wasting our time. Can the
Senator suppose for a moment that, at this late
hour, anything can be done upon the proposition
which he offers? I therefore appeal to him to
allow the real business of the country to be trans-
acted; and if he refuses, and if the Senators on
his side are determined, by these propositions and
these speeches, to waste the time of the Senate
and of Congress, until we cannot do what the
country requires of us to do, are they willing to
accept the responsibility of it?
Mr. SIMMONS. I think I should have been
through by this time if I had not been interrupted.
Mr. President, I was about to say a passing
word. 1 explained, when I began—and if the
Senator had been in his seat he would have heard
it—the reason why I was obliged to take this in-
opportune time. I had that extract read in order
to give the Senator from Virginia and his senti-
ments in reference to labor a circulation in my
part ofthe country. I intend to print this speech
that I make in my local papers.
Now, sir, he said he would do all these things
for labor that he has described. In the firstplace,
he would cheapen the ax with which the pioneer
hews his way through the forest. Who would
he strike down there > The mechanic. Is there
any pioneer in the world that would want to
strike down the mechanic who made his ax?
Never. He says he would cheapen the hoe and
the plow with which the laborer wrings from
the reluctant earth a scanty subsistence for the
provision of his family. A western farmer never
talks that way. He does not wring from the re-
luctant earth a scanty subsistence for his family.
It is not that kind of labor that wrings from the
earth a subsistence for their families. No, sir;
when their harvests are garnered up, their hearts
and their voices ring with grateful acknowledg-
ments for the bountiful produce of the earth.
That is the way they speak.
He says he would cheapen the bolt with which
the sailor holds the plank to the side of his ship.
There he would strike down the iron merchant.
But I would like to know if he ever heard orknew
of a sailor building a ship? If a man talks'about
things of which he knows nothing, he will be-
tray himself in less than ten minutes. Did he
ever know a sailor to build a ship > It is another
class of men who do that. The duty of a sailor
is to hand, reef, and steer. Thai is the kind of
discipline he undergoes when aboard. Then he
says he would cheapen the conlngn by which the
masts are held up. I should like to know if the
Senator ever heard of the standing rigging of a
.ship called cordage. I never did. The small
ropes and running rigging are called cordage. So
you may go through the whole of it. Why, sir,
you never heard of a farmer who refuses the
plow-maker a fair price for his work, in your
life. He wants to buy in his own country. He
would as soon think of sending to England to have
his horse shod, as for an ax, plow, or hoe. The
one is just as necessary as the other. They are
all for "the social accommodation of man.
I should like to trace the Senator's argument
up, but I Ifnow the Senate is impatient. I will
come to his ethics. He has got one of these
western men afloat after land. 1 never knew of
a man going afloat after tenitory. I have heard
what would become of a sailor if you put him on
horseback. I do not know what would bccome
of a man when you put hnn to sea, as he said, to
go and steal territory. He would measure it with
a line that would stretch, and would not set up
the pillars as long as there was a foot of earth to
steal. That is about the amount of it. The Sen-
ator would restrain him in that. There was one
exception, and that was Cuba. That is his ethics.
Then, I come to his theology. His theology is,
that, after a man has cruised all over creation to
get all the land he covets, he should set up these
pillars. I suppose he means to set up, as the
Romans did, pillars to the god Terminus. Now,
an honest farmer, any of the western people that
ever sprung out of New England, would neverset
up a god made of stone at the head of their do-
minion. That is. not the theology in which they
were brought up. They would look to the God
who had set them up, and not the one they set
up. The Senator says, while restraining this de-
sire of acquisition, he would make Cuba an excep-
tion to the rule. He says he wants to restrain
this sailor; but there is one exception he makes
for his lust of dominion, and that is Cuba.
Well, Mr. President, I wish the Senator had
answered me when he was under the influence of
my appeal in behalf of labor. It would have
been a generous one. He would not have been
cruising around for land, and, by cheapening his
work, cheapening the market for his produce;
but he concluded to wait until.he could invent an
answer to that appeal, and polish it up. This
speech bears all the marks of very high scholar-
ship. It sounded very well to my ear when I
heard it; but I tell the Senator and the Senate
that the farming people of the northwestern ter-
ritory, and the laboring people of this land, do
not care a pin about this polish and this rhetoric.
They well know who it is aimed at. When the
Senator comes to make this appeal, and endeavors
to set these different labors one against the other,
to strive to cheapen the productions of each one
and injure the whole, before he gets through he
wilt be mistaken if he supposes he can make them
believe that he very much sympathizes with their
prosperity. He will fail to make the western
people believe that it is fair to except Cuba out
of this lust for plunder. They were educated in
a different school from the old Saxon king to
whom the Senator alluded. In my deliberate
judgment, we should do well to go back half a
century, and practice the old notion of education.
Men are not made by French dancing-masters,
or professors in colleges. I mean they do not
improve their morals or their theology. These
men in the West, and throughout most of this
country, derive their education and their princi-
ples from another and a purer source. They re-
ceive those sentiments that raise up a noble nature
in man from their mothers—their pious mothers.
TJiey breathed into them the right sentiments
when they knelt at the cradle or the truckle-bed,
and learned them their prayers. The sentiments
those mothers taught were: lfkeep your hands
from pilfering, and your tongue from guile. Do
not pretend to be after land in an honorable way
when you'mean to steal it. Do not take any-
body's property unless it belongs to you." That
is the doctrine that was taught by our mothers.
Every man who hears me knows, if he can re-
member the doctrine that was taught him by his
mother, that it will afford no such latitude for the
indulgence of the lust of accumulation and acqui-
sition. It would be well if every man, in address-
ing the Senate, instead of trying to set one interest
against another, would try to harmonize all in-
terests—unite all classes of men in the pursuit of
a noble destiny for his country. Every topic is
brought here when Senators talk about making
a regulation for stopping cheating, the slavery
question, and politics. I do not know what they
have to do with it.
I hope, Mr. President, that we shall adopt this
proposition on the Treasury note amendment. I
believe the Senator from South Carolina said he
did not understand it. I should like the Senator
! from Florida, [Mr. Mali.ory,] whom I do not
now see in his seat, who was once collector of
customs a long while, to state his experience on
this subject. I should like the Senator from Vir-
ginia to state to the .Senate whether or not he
does not think it is a good plan, and whe.her or
not, if he was called to do anything, this is a fair
plan of preventing fraud ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not; because thisamend-
menf allows them to take them at any rate. There
is an existing provision which allows officers to
take duty in kind if they suspect fraud; and not
only that, butit is proposed here to take the whole
cargo, if it be deemed best to the United States.
Of course, it is best for the United States to^ake
the home-valuation instead of the foreign.
Mr. SIMMONS. The amendment does not
allow him to take the %vhole of it. It gives the
option if it is the interest of the United States to
take the duty in kind, and no more. I see the
Senator from Florida now in his seat. He was
for a long while a collector of customs. I want
him to state what he told me was his experience
in eollecting duties in this form. He told me his
