1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
man from Georgia, there stands the lawupon the
statute-book; anil if the President proceeds to make
these appointments, you are bound either to ap-
propriate the money now, or to pay their salaries
Tiereafter. I say that the law-making power which
made the act of 1856 is entirely competent to re-
peal or amend it. If it were in order to move it as
an amendment to an appropriation bill, we might
declare any one of these missions as abandoned;
we would have the right to say that the mission to
Switzerland or Denmark is not a proper mission,
. and ought not to be filled; we would have the same
authority to do that which Congress had to pass
the law of 1856. It would have just the same bind-
ing authority. If we strike outappopriations for
these purposes, we but declare to the President,
in advance, that we do not consider it proper to
send ministers to those Governments. That is
it. They come here and ask us to invite the Pres-
ident to make these appointments, by giving him
the money to do it with. We, on the contrary,
say that the Congress of the United States, which
has the control of the public purse, has the right
to say to the President, in advance, that we do not
want these appointments made; that we do not
think they are useful to the country; and that we
are un wiliing to pay the men anything if he sends
them there. It is a declaration on our part, in ad-
vance, before any services are rendered, and be-
fore there is any claim upon us. This declaration
on our part would scarcely be disregarded. The
law of 1856 does not require the President to make
these appointments. It only authorizes him to
do so. By refusing the appropriations, we would
request him not to exorcise that authority.
JVIr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This is a
matter of importance, and I am rather surprised to
see the question raised in this House, at this day,
in relation to the constitutional power of the Pres-
ident over this subject. No one has contested the
proposition which the gentleman from Virginia
{Mr. Bocock] advocates. Nobody has contended
that the law-making power, the Senate and House
.of Representatives, do not possess the right of
fixing the salary of these individuals.
The proposition which wc contended for, was
that the President had the right to appoint an
embassador, and to do it upon his own recog-
nition of the public interest, without the ap-
pointment being provided for by law in the first
instance. I understand, that if we cutoff the sal-
ary, we thereby press upon the Executive our de-
sire that we do not want the office; but I also
understand, that if the President thinks the office
necessary, he can go on and make the appoint-
ment, although we liad cut off the salary.
If the gentleman will look at the law of 1856,
he will see that it provides a specific salary to the
ministers to Great Bi itam and France; and, in an-
other clause, a specific salary to the ministers to
Austiia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, and some other
Powers; and, in still another clause, " to all other
countries, each $10,000." Now, the objection
which we hove with the frame-work of this bill
is, that it specifies the amount of salaries, and the
names of places, to which the President has not
yet invited our attention; and, therefore, it be-
comes a suggestion from the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to the-President to make those appoint-
ments. T am willing to vote to appropriate such
an amount of money as will cover the missions to
all the places specified in the act of 1856; and to
make a surplus appropriation of $10,000 for each
of the ministers that the Executive, upon his own
responsibility, may think proper to appoint to
other countries; but I am not willing to suggest
to the President that we desire an appointment
to any country to which a minister has not yet
been appointed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. J. understand the
gentleman from Kentucky to state that the bill
proposes to appropriate money for ministers to
other places than those recommended by the Pres-
ident of the United Slates. I will say to the gen-
tleman than he is misinformed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Oh, no; but
to places other than those specified by lav,'. I am
willing to make a surplus appropriation, if it is
upon the recommendation of the President. ,
Now, T want to say a word to gentlemen who L
are making objections to the exercise of this ap- ™
pointing power by the President. The President
of the United States has the right to appoint em-
bassadors, ministers, consuls, and all other offi-
cers provided for by law. Suppose we come to
the conclusion, in times of high party excitement,
to cripple the Administration of this Government,
and say we will make no appropriation for ap-
pointing a minister to Great Britain, and make an
appropriation to send only a consul to Liverpool;
does the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock]
hold, and does he intend to maintain, the doctrine
that, by such an expression of opinion by us, the
President is restrained, and oughf to be constitu-
tionally restrained, from appointing an embassa-
dor, if he sees that the public interest requires it?
I understand the gentleman to say that he does
advocate such a proposition. The practical work-
ings of that principle, instead of making the Ex-
ecutive a coordinate branch of the legislative
department of the Government, would be to bring
him at the footstool of party, and make him a
mere creature in the hands of men who control
parties in this Hall.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would ask the gentlemen if
he knows of any single case in which the Presi-
dent of the United States has ever appointed a
foreign minister without the consent of Congress
previously given, either expressly or impliedly?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I say to the
gentleman that I have no idea that Congress, in the
early days of the Republic, ever suggested to the
President of the United States whom he should
appoint, or to what place he should appoint. In
the appropriation bills they placed an amount of
money in gross in the hands of the President to
conduct our foreign relations, leaving to lum en-
tirely to appoint when he chose and whom he
chose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOCOCK, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I understand the
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia to be
to strike out all from line eight to line sixteen, in-
clusive, as follows:
"Foi salaries of envoys exlraordmai y, minsters, and com-
missioners of the United states at Gieat lintaii'i, France,
llussia, l'lu-:rKi, Spain, Austria, Brazil, Mexico. China,
(Jluli, IVrn, Ponugal, Swuzeiland, Naples, Satdmta, !iel-
friuni. Holland, Denmark, Sweden,Turkey, liueno? Ayies,
New Gi.uuida, Bolivia, Ecuadoi. Venezuela, Guatemala,
Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands, Costa iiica, Honduras, Ar-
gentine Coniederation, and Paraguay, $-314,OOU."
Before that question is put, I desire to amend
the clause proposed to bo stricken out. 1 move to
amend it so that it shall read as follows:
For salancs of envoy* extraordinary, m'msteis, and com-
missioners of the United States at Great Jlritain, France,
Russia, Spam, Brazil, Mexico, Chirm, Peiu, Turkey, and
Kicaragua, §10j,0U0..
I will detain the House but a few moments. I
think we ought to cut off a number of our repre-
sentatives at foreign Courts; but I do not think we
ought to cut them all off; and, therefore, I propose
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.] Weneedamimsterat
Great Britain, at Prance, and at Russia. We have
now complicated relations with Spain, and need
a minister there. A minister at Brazil can' attend
to all our relations with South-American States
upon the Atlantic side. I have also included a
minister at Mexico, and one at China. Our com-
mercial relations with China and Japan are in-
creasing every year. We ought to have a minis-
ter upon the Pacific coast of South America, and
therefore I have put in one for Peru. We should
have one at some place in the Mediterranean, and
I have, inserted one for Turkey. We should have
a minister at Nicaragua to attend to our relations
with the Central American States. These are all
the ministers we want at any Government in the
world. I hope the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia will be amended by inserting these
nations.
I have the law of 185G before me, and have
carefully computed the amount of their salaries
as fixed by law; and that amount I have inserted
in the amendment. There is no minister at Nic-
aragua, nor can there be, unless we make a law
establishing one. Nicaragua is not mentioned in
the law of 1856. I think^it well that we should
have a minister there, and for that reason I have
inseited a minister for that place.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Lot the gentleman look
at the third line of the law of ]85(>, winch says,
" to all other nations $10,000 each." If Nicaragua
is not, a nation,then it is not provided for; other-
wise it is.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The law of 1B5S
makes the salaries of ministers to England And
Prance, $17,500; to Russia, Spain; Austria, Prus-
sia, Brazil, Mexico, and China, $ 13,000; a d " fa
all qlher nations §10,000 each." The salaries
fixed, but the law does not say that we shall have
ministers to all nations. If the argument of the
gentlemaitfrom Georgia is good, then we should,
have ministers to about fifty other nations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio whether that
act repealed the act of March, 1855?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. This is a revisal
of our whole consular and diplomatic system.
This law was prepared with great care by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, of which I was a member. It
was drafted at the State Department. There is no
provision in this law that requires a minister to Be
sent to the various countries, but it simply fixes
the salaries, in case ministers are appointed ac-
cording to law. If we make appropriations for
them they will, as a matter of course, be ap-
pointed according to law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. ^By the act of March,
1855, the President is required to appoint minis-
ters.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is repealed
by the law of 1856, which embraces the whole
subject. It is expressly repealed by the thirty-
third section.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, and am entirely opposed to the views sub-
mitted by him and others on this subject of for-
eign missions. I do not believe tha^ the service
of our foreign ministers ought to be restricted.
On the contrary, my deliberate opinion is that it
ought to be increased, and that the salar^s, in
almost every case, ought to be increased. Tha,t
is due to our dignity as a nation. What my col-
league [Mr. Crawford] remarked, I believe to
be true, although the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bocock] controverted it, namely, that tho
mail route agents and messengers receive more
pay, by almost double, than that provided in this
bill for the entire diplomatic service of the country.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is that what the gentleman
from Georgia understood tne to controvert ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOCOCK. I said nothing at all about the
matter.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This bill em-
braces, I believe, all our diplomatic and consular
servants abroad; and I find that the payments of
our foreign misisters sum up to only $214,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That does not include the
consular salaries.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No; it is fot
the payment of our ministers. ' v
In this country, Mr. Chairman, where the an-
nual expenditures have amounted to $70,000,000,
and where we will, perhaps, appropriate again a
like sum, I present that naked fact, that the entire
diplomatic service of the country does not «oet
the fourth of one million dollars.
Another striking fact I would call the attention
of the committee to, and it is this: that the judi-
ciary system, the legislative department, and the
executive department of the country—the intel-
lectual part of it, if yau please; the head of the
organism of the Government—do not cost, in the
aggregate, §5,000,000. There is no other Gov-
ernment on earth that presents sudh a spectacle.
In my judgment, if the salaries of your President,
and your judges, and your legislators, bore a
proper comparison with the whole expenditures,
these expenditures would fall to one half less. It
is tho contracts; your Army contracts; your Navy
contracts; your book contracts; your p©st office
overland mail contracts, and all these things, that
swell the expenditures to such an amount as must
bankrupt the Treasury unless we can stop the
evil. But I think that gentlemen in this.house
have commenced at the wrong place. It is not by
striking down the approptiatipns for your foifeign
diplomatic service, or by cutting down the salaries
of the members of the House or Senate, or of any
of out* officers, that a saving is to be effected. My
judgment is, that all the salaries are too small.
'The aggregate of them all, as 1 stated, does not
amount to $5,000,00(1—a mere drop in the bucket
as compared with the enormous expenditures of
the Government.
