1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
down the proposition, therefore, as amended, and
take a vote upon striking out the whole, we shall
then have a direct vote upon the general propo-
sition; which, as I understand, is what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky wants. •
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Exactly.
Mr. GARNETT. It seems to me a matter of
great importance that the committee shall know
what they are doing. Now, as I understand it,
if the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is
adopted, striking out this whole paragraph, and
inserting what he proposes, when the bill comes
back to the House, the vote will simply be upon
retaining the paragraph as it came from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or upon adopting
the sweeping proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio; and we shall have no oppoitunity of strik-
ing out the appropriations for Rome, Persia, and
some of the little Powers, which we almost all
agree should be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must say that
his debate is taking a rather wide rajige.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Clark B. Cochrane] to
move an additional amendment. I ask the Chair
whether it is not in order further to amend this
section before the vote is taken on the motion to
strike it out?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio was to perfect the para-
graph; the question is now upon the amendment
as amended.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wish to know if the sec-
tion is to be considered as perfected by a single
amendment'
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair
no further amendment is in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Is there any debatable ques-
tion before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I object to all further
discussion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chair; because either I am mis-
taken, or the gentleman from Virginia is. If the
committee now vote down the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, as amended, will not the
previous amendments made by the committee,
the striking out " Persia" and " Rome," be re-
ported to the House, wheie we shall have a direct
vote on them in the House?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman from Geoigia
proposed to amend certain lines in the bill. Be-
foie the amendment of the gentleman from Geor-
gia was submitted, the committee had stricken
out several missions. Of course, the gentleman
from Georgia proposed to amend only what was
left in the bill; to strike out what was left. There-
fore, it seems to me, if the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia shall be adopted, the Chair-
man must report back, when we go into the House,
what had previously been done m committee, and
which was not affected, and could-not be affected, i
by the amendment of the gentleman from Geoigia. 1
Is not that so ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
answered that question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
this question, and recollect the action of the com-
mittee upon this clause of the hill, there was first
amotion made to strike out " Persia." That was
carried in the affirmative. There was then a prop-
osition to strike out" Rome." That was carried
ill the affirmative. Then the genileinan from
Georgia, on the Committee of Ways and Means,
proposed to sluice out the entire text which speci-
fied the ministers to foreign countries. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] as he had the
right to do, proposed fuitlier to perfect that clause
by sti iking out'certain other parts of it; not as an
amendment of the proposition cf the gentleman
from Georgia, but by way ot perfecting mat clause.
That has also been voted in the affirmative. Now,
then, the question comes up upon the motion of
the gentleman from Georgia, if he does not with-
draw it, " Will the House strike out tile entire
section ?" If the question shall be determined in
the negative, then I take it that the Chairman of
this committee, when we go into the House, will
report each separate amendment; first to strikeout
" Persia," then to strike out " Rome," and then
to strike out all that portion not included within
the amendment of the-gentleman from Ohio. A
vote will be taken upon each amendment separ-
ately. But if the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia to strike out the entire clause shall be
decided by the committee in the affirmative, the
chairman will report to the House that the com-
mittee have instructed him to recommend to the
House to strike out the whole clause, and then
there will be no other amendment to vote upon.
This committee cewmot report to the House a
recommendation to amend a section, and therj to
strike it out. You must either report a recom-
mendation to;amend a section or clause, or to
strike out the whole of it.
If the committee are desirous to vote in the
House upan the amendments which have already
been adopted, the only way they can get to a
vote upon them in the House, is now to reject
the proposition of the gentleman from Georgia—
a proposition I understand he is willing to with-
draw. But if the majority of the committee are
disposed to strike out the entire section, (and that
is the vote they want to have in the House,) then
they will vote for the proposition of the gentle-
mail from Georgia now; and then that naked and
isolated question will be reported to the House
alone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order.
This whole discussion is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is all outof order; but
the Chair has allowed it,by general consent.
Mr. BRANCH. These discussions, I ac-
knowledge, arc very astute; but I do not see that
they make the question any more clear than it
was'before, and I therefore desire to be consid-
ered as a standing objector to the consumption of
any more time in its discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio., I desire simply to
make a proposition to the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Crawford,] and tint is, that he shall
withdiaw his amendment, by the consent of the
committee, and that I shall then have leave to
offer my amendment as an independent propo-
sition, as, indeed, I should have a right to do.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for the read-
ing of that portion which is proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman from Georgia.
The portion proposed to be stricken out was
read.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a point of order; and
that is, that the Clerk has not read properly the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Georgia, because he included the countries which
had been previously stricken out by the com-
mittee, and which, therefore, were not in the
clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did^not pay
attention to the reading by the Clerk. The Chair
understands that those places which had been
previously stricken "out are not included in the
clause proposed to be stricken out by the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. CUKRY. But the Clerk included them
m reading the amendment. The gentleman from
Georgia did not propose to strike out what was
not m the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understanding
of the Chair.
The pending question being upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, as amended,
Mr. EUSTIS demanded tellers.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garnett
' and Underwood were appointed.
i The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move,pro f rmu, toamend
by increasing the appropriation The gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] stated a
moment ago, that, according to this bill, the di-
plomatic service of the country cost less than a
quarter of a million dollars. I find that, ill that, he
is mistaken. It costs $337,000. The diplomatic
and consular service costs $1,000,000; and the
diplomatic service alone costs, as shown by this
bill, §337,000. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I move to strike out
lines twenty-one and twenty-two, providing for
secretary of legation and dragoman at Constanti-
nople, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For salary of dragoman e.f the legation to Turkey, $1,000.
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, proposes to
dispunsa with the secretary of legation to Tur-
key I believe that if we were to call for the cor-
respondence between the Turkish Government
and oura, we should find that not one dispatch in
a month passed between the two Governments;
and it seems to me to be unnecessary to .pay
$2,000 for a secretary of legation, when we have
a minister the,je who ought, at least,-to write one
dispatch a month. We allow him a dragoman
to translate that one dispatch. We have also at
Constantinople a consul,and we allow him an in-
terpreter; and it seams to me thW our minister
could get along very well without a secretary of
legation. I am not one of those, Mr. Chairman,
who think that they are accomplishing their duty
by striking out a few thousand dollars from an
appropriation bill. I do not approve of striking
out the section for the salaries of ministers, be-
cause I .have not sufficient knowledge of the dip-
lomatic intercourse of the country to enable me
to say that 6ne half of our ministers abroad can '
be dispensed with. I do not believe that our re-
lations with all other nations are now in that state
of peaee*and quiet that we can entirely dispense
with our diplomatic officers abroad. If we are
able to get along without them, that is one thing.
If we are to keep up diplomatic relations with
foreign countries, let us do it; but if, on the other
hand, we are to rely on special ministers at all
times and in all places, let us establish that sys-
tem. But, to undertake here, with no investiga-
tion, and with the little intelligence that tha
House seems to possess in regard to the necessi-
ties of our foreign missions; and to undertake to
decide, off-hand, how many of thetp should bo
dispensed with, is a thing that I am not prepared _
for. I do not understand enough about it, and I
will not vote for any such proposition till X do
i understand it.
I But here is a proposition that I think I do un-
derstand. I know that for several years one man
! held at Constantinople the office of secretary of
j legation, of consul, of dragoman to the legation,
j and of dragoman to the consul. The offices are
i now divided; and it seems to me that we can dis-
j pense with one of these officers. Here is a dis-
i tmct proposition where a couple of thousand dol-
i larscan be saved. If any gentleman can show that
! this secretary of legation is absolutely necessary
| at Constantinople, I will withdraw my amend-
j ment; fori do not go for striking down any officer
| that is necessary for the commerce of the country,
i or for the convenience of our citizens traveling
j abroad. Take Rome for example. We have
| learned within the last day or two that the city of
j Rome is almost in revolution. There are a great
I many Americans there—artists and travelers.
1 Many Americans reside there. Our minister is
| required there to sign passports, and to take care
| of our citizens. It seems to me, that of all the
1 cities on the Mediterranean, Rome is the place
| where we most need a diplomatic representative.
' Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. Iamopposedto
I the amendment submitted-by the gentleman frorti
i Maine; because it is an attempt, in an appropria-
tion bill, to prevent the payment of the salary of
' a public official. The act of 1856 provides that
when the secietary of the legation at Turkey
shall act as dragoman, his salary shall be $3,000
per annum. That act also gives to that legation a
I secretary. The office is already filled. "When the
' secretary also discharges the duties of,interpreter,
' or dragoman, the salaiy is fixed as in the bill,
j The gentleman's reasons would be good if we
! had before in; a bill proposing' to remodel our di-
pioinaticintercourse; butsecretaricsoflegationare
i allowed by law to al! our missions abroad. The
' r-r:--owiiy no appropriation is made for their
salaries in this hill is, that there is ail unexpend-
ed balance suf.lci.-nt to pay them. But this has
, always been piovided for m a separate appropri-
1 auon, because the same person fills the offices of
secretary of legation and dragoman, and by the
act of 1«56, is entitled to a salary of $3,000.
- The amendment was rejected,
i Mr. SEWARD. I move to decrease tne ap-
! propriation for the contingent expenses of all rais-
i sions abroad from ^50.000 to ^13,500. _ X'iiere
I were thirty-four missions originally provided for
i in this bill. The committee have struck out, I
| believe, twenty-four of them—-leaving only; nine,
i The amount contained in the bill for contingent
1 expenses, divided amongst the thuty-four, would
! trive §1,500 to each; and if only nine are retained,
! §13,500 will be sufficient for this item. I there-
