552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
fore offer this amendment, to conform to the
amendment already adopted.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. X am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
1 have listened, with a great deal of patience, to
the views which have been presented by various
gentlemen in relation to our diplomatic system.
• Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Chair to enforce
the role confining the debate to the pending amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. That is ttie rule.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I confess,
sir, that I cannot subscribe to the policy that is
proposed to be inaugurated by the various amend-
ments that have been offered since this bill .has
been under discussion. I understand" that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
hag reported this biil to the House for the pur-
pose of carrying out a law already upon the stat-
ute-book. The President has to take the respons-
ibility of making the appointments under the act
of 1856. I have not heard from any member of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs that these ap-
propriations are injudicious; and that committee
which has charge of our foreign- intercourse, is
better posted, I apprehend, in relation to the pro-
priety of these appropriations than any other com-
mittee. I, for one, am not prepared, as a member
of this House, in the present condition of our for-
eign relations, without some intimation from that
committee that these appropriations, amounting
in all tq less than three hundred thousand dollars,
are not necessary, to undertake by piecemeal to
detract from the position which our Government
gnow occupies in its relations with foreign Gov-
ernments. You may strike out the appropriations
for one mission, or for another mission, or for
this dragoman, or that secretary of legation, but
what will you accomplish by so doing? Are the
people of this country prepared to have it said
that we cannot afford to make the necessary ap-
propriations to keep ourselves in a respectable
and dignified position in our intercourse with
other countries ? You may go into your districts
and tell the people that you have taken ground in
favor of a proposition of that sort; and when they
come to understand the character of this bill, they
will tell you that it was a-very small business,
and would not accomplish anything. Our ex-
penses are not to be reduced by any system of
this sort. But, sir, I rose merely for the purpose
of protesting against the policy which it is en-
deavored to inaugurate here, so far as our foreign
intercourse is concerned. 1 think it probable that
in some cases where we now have inferior or con-
sular officers,'it would be better to have full mis-
sions. We have lost, as the experience of the
country has demonstrated, in ninety-nine cases
out of a hundred, by the miserable policy of un-
dertaking to restrain 
[Here (lie hammer fell.]
Mr. EUST1S. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to increase the amount to $39,000.
On looking over the bill, Mr. Chairman, i do not
find any provision made for tlu: salaries of the
different secretaries of legation.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will explain the
reason of that to the gentleman from Louisiana.
There is an unexpended balance of appi opriations
in hand (or wi]l be at the close of this fiscal year)
sufficient for the payment of the salaries of the
■secretaries of legation; and therefore no appro-
priation for that purpose is needed for the ensu-
ing year.
Mr. SEWARD. I make the point of order,
that gentlemen must confine their remarks to the
pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule requires that
gentlemen shall do so.
Mr. EUST1S. I simply rose for the purpose
of obtaining some information from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means with respect to the sala-
ries of secretaries of legation. On looking over
the biil, I found that no provision was made for
th« salaries of the secretaries of legation at Lon-
don, Paris, and elsewhere; but the gentleman from
Missouri has satisfactorily explained that, and I
have nothing' further to say. I now withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. CLAY. Ijaqveto amend the amendment
of the gentteman from Geoigia by adding $1,000
to the amount; and I derive to say a word or two
expressive of my vie-fc&asa member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, in response to the call
which, it appears tojne, has been made upon them
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Stew-
art.] I would greatly have preferred it, had the
honorable chairman ofthat committee made known
his opinions; but as no other member of the com-
mittee seems disposed to do so, I am* very free to
give mine.
• I am opposed to the whole of the propositions
that have been made in this committee for con-
tracting in any degree the miserable sum which
is already given for the foreign intercourse of this
country. I was opposed to that which was done,
the striking out of several of these missions, a day
or two ago; and I was opposed as wel) to the ar-
guments offered by my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Garnett] in support of those propositions.
Mr. SEWARD. I want this debate strictly
confined to the amendment pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman is confining himself strictly
to the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. The principal argument advanced
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett,]
a day or two ago, and which has been made by
almost every gentleman here, it seems to me, ad-
dresses itself more to, the consular system of the
country than to the diplomatic system. The gen-
tleman remarked the other day, in reference to
certain points, that because we had very little
commerce there, because it amounted to but very
few thousand dollars a year, therefore we should
have no diplomatic representative there. These
arguments, sir, may apply very well to our con-
sular system, but they have no application to our
diplomatic system. Sir, every gentleman of this
committee, I take it for granted, knows, as well
as I know, that some of the smallest Courts in
Europe are, in adiplomatic pointof view,among
the most important in the world.
Mr. CURRY. I ask the gentleman whether
hero is any Court at Naples ?
Mr. CLAY. I answer the gentleman that
there is.
Mr. CURRY. I ask the gentleman whether
there is any Court at Rome ?
Mr. CLAY. I answer the gentleman that there
is. I will inform the gentleman that the Pope is
not only the head of the Church, but that he is
also a temporal potentate.
Mr. CURRY. Does he ever send ministers
abroad, except for special purposes?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CURRY. Will the gentleman name a
Court where he has a resident minister ?
Mr. CLAY. I will inform the gentleman that
he has a nuncio resident in almost every Court in
Europe.
Mr. CURRY. Are not his nuncios always
sent for special purposes?
Mr. CLAY. No, sir. The Pope of Rome is
a temporal sovereign, as well as the spiritual head
of the Church. It is well known that very often
the most important negotiations in Europe are
carried 011 at Rome.
Now, sir, it is not only the duty of the repre-
sentative at a foreign country to attend to the
diplomatic relations immediately connected with
this countiy; it is not only his duty to make trea-
ties, and attend to the other general business of
the country; but it is also his duty to obtain in-
formation; it is his duty to obtain information
from any source from which he can obtain it,
without acting the part of a spy, and communicate
that information to his own Government; and
frequently the most important information is ob-
tained from the representative at the most petty
State.
■But, sir, I am opposed to this whole miserable
system. I agree entirely with my friend from
Georgia, who says that if we are to reduce the
expenscsof the Government,we have begun at the
wrong end. In my opinion we ought not to waste
the time of the committee and the House upon
such a matter. I am prepared to v.jte fur every
mission, for every solitary mission for which the
Committee of Ways and .Means have reported an
appropriation. These, sir, are my views, and 1
believe they are the views of mos't of the Com-
mittee on Foreisn Allans.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment; and 1 want to say that I do not think either
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ce wford] or
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] have
spoken to the point at all. The point is not as to
the amount these ministers plenipotentiary and
envoys entraordinary are to receive. That does
not.enter into the question at all. The question
is as to the utility or inutility of these missions.
The question is not whether this so-called paltry
sum of two or three hundred thousand dollars pro-
vided for the payment of these salaries is needed
by these ministers; but the question is whether
there is any use in it. I think that a minute ex-
amination of the history of American diplomacy
will show that, as at present conducted, it is ut-
terly useless. These men do not know the lan-
guage spoken in the countries to which they go.
If you want to get information, send some letter
writer, some confidential agent of the Govern-
ment, who knows the language and who can
learn what is going on. 1 believe there is hardly
an American minister abroad who can speak the
language of the country to which he is sent.
A Member. You should except the minister
at London.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes sir; but it would seem,
from the newspapers, that the minister at St.
James, and the one at Paris, have entered into a
kind of commercial or stock-jobbing agency, for
the collection of railroad securities. The minis-
ter you have at France cannot speak the French
language, as I understand; and I doubt whether,
aside from the English language, there is any of
our ministers who can speak the language of the
countries to which they are sent. The question
is, whether the whole system is not utterly use-
less. Instead of abolishing your consular system
you had better retain it, for that is useful, while
these ministers plenipotentiary and envoys ex-
traordinary—and some of them are most extraor-
dinary envoys—are of no use whatever.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Sew-
ard.]
Mr. MILES. I move to amend the amendment
so as to make the amount §70,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have been very much sur-
prised at the whole course of this discussion". I
hope there is no member of this House who is
more sincerely an advocate of prudent economy
than myself; but I must say that I consider this
attempt to diminish the expenses of this Govern-
ment by cutting down the appropriations for for-
eign ministers, as a penny-wise and pound-fool-
ish policy. Sir, in my judgment, economy, like
charity, should begin at home. We should begin
by reforming abuses—the excessive, reckless,
extravagant expenditures within our own imme-
diate control. Iam opposed to these proposed
amendments, eitheras a matter of economy or for
the purpose of reforming our diplomatic system.
As a matter of economy, it is a two-penny affair.
For the purpose of cutting down these appropri-
ations a few thousand dollars, you are wasting the
precious time of the House, with now only some
thirty working days left, and you will have to
leave the abused of greater magnitude untouched.
It does seem to me, with all due respect to gen-
tlemen, that the time you are wasting upon this
matter is worth more than the $900,000 w.hich
you propose to save. If, on the other hand, your
object is to reform the diplomatic system, 1 say
that this is not the way to do it. Let your Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs be instructed to report
upon the subject; let them draw up a report, as
elaborate as is necessary, to explain to us the
changes which may be desirable, and the reasons
for those changes. Let that report be submitted
to the impartial consideration of Congress, and
then we will understand it and be able to come
intelligibly to some adjustment of our foreign
diplomatic service.
I dislike the flippant way in which this matter
has been treated by some gentlemen in this House.
I look upon our representation abroad as occu-
pying a position of great importance to the dig-
nity of the country, as representing not only so-
cially but politically the people of the country. I
consider not the quid pro quo which we get for this
service, but I consider that our dignity as a people
requires that we should be represented abroad. I
consider all these as so many arguments why we
should have missions, and a number of missions
abroad. But if we are* to determine the question
as to which we can best dispense with, let us do
It cautiously, deliberately, and intelligently.
