5U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some degree of certainty when illustrated by that
of the imperious surge. It would, however, be
an error to ascribe this freedom to the necessity
of these elements to the existence of man. Earth
is equally so; and yet nothing has been more the
subject of human monopoly. Doubtless to their
evanescent qualities alone are we, to attribute
theii*common and continued enjoyment. It were
yam to ascribe to human benevolence what is
possessed in spite of the spirit of human aggrand-
izement. And it is clear, as little of credit as it
involves, that were ajr and water in any degree
capable of restraint, insatiate man would compel
them to exclusive uses. To the causes, therefore,
first specified, is it that we owe even now the
water that we drink, and the air that we breathe.
But because of the liability of the earth to the do-
minion of possession, are we obliged to witness
the unequal enjoyment of land. No distinction
can be made between them, either in the neces-
sity of cach to the sustenance of animal life, or in
the title of all to them, which that necessity con-
fers. The withdrawal of the nourishment of
either would exemplify by decay the inadequacy
of the remainder to the vital functions. Atmos-
pheric appliances cannot slake consuming thirst;
nor can either air or water supply the absence of
nutritious food. From the evident essential na-
ture, therefore, of these elements of earth, air,
and water, to the sustenance of human nature,
may we safely infer the right of man to their un-
limited enjoyment—a right referable not to the
arbitrary adjudications of human tribunals, but
to a decree inseparable from the Divine scheme of
life. Sir, no higher source of title can be ima-
gined; ceitainly no purer one.
* It is not necessary that, to be recognized, the
argument should be addressed alone to the moral-
ist. It commands, however reluctantly, the at-
tention, arid will compel the judgment, of all.
Upon it, sir, depends the ultimate vindication of
all possessory light. Whether it is the luxury
of an advanced civilization that we apply, or its
necessaries that we appropriate, they all termin-
ate in a possession derived originally from neces-
sity—the necessity of supporting life. Tins it is
which secured to the savage the food of the chase,
and through which is still to be traced the ris;ht
of the epicure to his dinner. This it m which
confided to its occupant the rude shelter of his
hut; and without this the possession of the palace
would even now be insecure. All original posses-
sion was a possession based upon the wants of
man; and all additions thereto, of whatever na-
ture, which go to the denomination of wealth,
rest upon this derivative tide. The inference
therefore, is as clear as it is legitimate, if con-
sequential accumulations depend upon the basis
of a iemote necessity, the union of a subject ca-
pable of acquisition to a present necessity of its
enjoyment for the purposes of life, presents a
right of possession equal to any other.
And sothe lauis which, in an eaiiy antiquity
would have been the lands of their occupant, be-
cause essential to his support, if otherwise unap-
propriated, should now, by the same just title, be
the lands of the occupant to whose sustenance
they are necc ssary. i do not pretend sir, that such
would be the judgment of our judiciary. Its de-
crees pursue the channels which time has worn
for them. Out the justice which actuates law
and the rights which mspuo its deciees, proceed j
from this fountain both of justice and law—the [
right of possession necessary to the relief of a j
vital want. And yet how widely has man de- '
parted from the sph it of that right on which rests j
the superstruotme of all his systems of law ! Un- |
considered millions are suffering in want of the
food derivable from that land which other mil-
lions have usui pod. The wister flows, and we all
partake of if; the air pervades, and we all breathe
ot it,. Both air and water aie incapable of man's
dominion. Cut the avaricious could aspire to,
and the powerful monopolize, the earth and its
riches; and (ins prohllc souice of natural supply
has been opened to a confederated lew, and closed
to the many whose life was made to depend upon
its cultivation. Then, ail other considerations
aside, sir, it weie simply but an act of common
justice to confer upon the poor and industrious
the means of suppoit designed for all by the beuef-
icence of Providcnco, in^common with the sup-
port of air and water. It is to be observed that
the proposition does notinclme to a violation even
of existing rights of properly. It could operate
only upon a domain as yet unaffected by individ-
ual appropriation,and would conflict with no in-
vestiture of estate. Without disturbing systems
of acquisition or their tenure, the distribution of
unappropriated lands, by the supreme power of
the State, among meritorious beneficiaries, would
but reenact the first approaches made to a division
of lands, and disclose anew in present application
the very root from which proceed sail predial title—
possession for support. Nor could the opeiation
Jesuit in an abstraction of any poition of public
values or in an unwarrantable diversion of them.
Those to be benefited would be selected from a
class mostpainfully alhed to poverty. The largest
drafts for rural employment would extend to
dependent paupers. Their removal would, of a
consequence, produce a sensible diminution of
poor-rates; while their transfer to fields of active
labor and enterprise would add greatly to the pro-
ductive wealth of the country. Then, both as
dictated by an inalienable right and recommended
by an enlarged and hbeial expediency, should
unappropriated lands be distributed among those
m need of them and qualified for their improve-
ment
* Sir, I have thus far contented myself with a
simple exposition of the title which nature con-
fers upon her children to the free enjoyment of
those primal elements in the constitution of life,
placed within the reach, and evidently intended
for all. But the subject has another and more
deeply interesting view. It would be very diffi-
cult to imagine how the lace, which ftom early
time has roamed the parent earth, should in its
varied career have escaped the influences of
earth; how the scene of all human action, the pre-
scribed bound of human aspiration, at once its
cradle and its grave, could have failed of inspiring
the character and controlling the destinies of the
millions who moved upon it. There is certainly
a mysterious connection between man and the
earth wlu nee he was taken; an occult tie between
man and the caith to which he returns. To ac-
count for the more supei flcial leluiions, it were
no moio than necessaiy to instance the obvious
effect upon character of occupation and pursuit;
or to instance the accepted predisposing agencies
of climate and locality. These are referable to the
recorded observations of the accumulated ages.
The patient toil and frugal care of the far-spread
plain, contrasts with the impulsive energies and
ardententerprise of the dwellers on the lolls. JN'ot
alone the habits are the results of geographical
abode; the virtues themselves assemble beneath
genial skies, and qualify with heieditmy chorac-
tensticM the various nations of men. The hoft airs
of the Campngna mspite not as Alpine em rents.
The enervation of the one is not more incongru-
ous with exalted thought, than are the stimulants
of the other incompatible with inj humus ease.-
Vntue, in its abstract sense, to be sure, submits
to no material thialdom—does homage to no goo-
graphical variety; but, a product 01 the mind , lis
peculiarities and then intensity depend upon men-
tal habitudes, more or le&s alfected by local social
habitation. The listless repose of the pe.nsuut of
the plain contiusU not moie with the vigor of
him of the mountain, than, perhaps, docs the im-
memorial patriotism of the one with the heredi-
tary subservience of the other. The e.ven pur-
suits of uneventful hie remind of nothing that is
lost—conspire for nothing; to be won. Their limit
is bounded by a sufficiency for the present, and
all beyond is surrendered to the unprofitable or
the unknown. It is the battle with ad\ ersity which
inspires its soldier with the sense of lihertn s lost,
and of privileges to be regained. An unsatisfac-
tory present, perhaps a piescnt of wrong, impels
him to the future tor relief, for lediess. The con-
tent of fruition is repelled by tin' anxiety of ad-
venture, and the penury winch attends upon and
the tyranny which oppiesses his daily life, con-
tribute to those elevated virtues which nourish
and confirm the soul of the patriot. And so it is
observable that a plant of however slow growth
virtue may be, it is developed only amid the toils
and depi ivaUens of life. Th'* sloth of abundance
demoralizes, deternnates, rums; the man degen-
erates into the animal, and lives and falls to decay
as the
" Fat woprt
That rots m or* Lethe wuatlV5
Tho immortal fructifies m toil, and is purified
January 24,
by labor. And it is herein that the inexplicable
connection, providentially instituted, between the
punishment and the amelioration of the race, is
discoverable. It is only through the accomplish-
ment of his destiny that man can arise to the digr
nity of his being. His temporal prosperity is.
proportioned to his obedience to the supreme law*
" in the %u)eat of thy face shall thou, cat bread till thou
return unto the ground." Inseparably connected
with this fate seems to have been the parent-earth*
" Cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shqlt
thou eat of it all the days*of thy Zi/e," is the doom
which, denounced from on High, has bound man
in indissoluble bonds to the earth ho inhabits, and
has established between him and it those relations
which regulate, at their various stages, his posi-
tion in the social scale. Indeed, it is only when
these relations are sundered, and the hand of labor
is restrained from its ordained subject-earth, that
rudimental civilization relapses into primeval bar-
barism. 44 When thou till^t the ground itf>hall not
hencefoith yield unto thee her strength," was the
anathema that expelled the primal Cain, u a fugi-
tive and a vagabond on the earth." And, since
then, the horde in whose devious track devasta- *
tion treads; the tribe whose career is but an end-
less circle of violence and rapine; the innumer-
able savage bands which, in conflict with order,
rage ever during war, rank far beneath the incep-
tion, nor attain even the earliest grades of a prim-
itive civilization. Fugitive and vagabond, they
acquire nothing Aom stationaiy toil. The impos-
sibility of accumulation excludes the possibility
of proprietary distinction; and the lowest grade
of human existence is thus maintained only by a
successful suspension of the natural relations or-
dained between man and the soil. Anarchy but
feebly expresses such a condition. There can be
no confusion where there has never been order-
It would be impossible, therefore, to approach
improvement till a point has been reached ot which
improvement may be predicated The earliest at-
tainment of this point is perceptible at that stage
of history where man is disclosed as dependent,
however remotely, upon the products of the earth.
The herbage necessary to the preservation^ pas-
toral life necessarily suggested the propriety of
its possession; and thence the herd and the flock
reposed m the protection of the owner whose pas-
tures they grazed.
Here we witness the faint dawning of a civili-
zation progressive, as with the approximate de-
pendence of man on the products of the earth.
The nomad was succeeded by the agricultural.
To agiiculture succecded commerce; and both
were connected, by immediate ties, with the re-
sources of the land. Now began to be developed
those systems of law requisite to the establish-
ment of property rights, originating at the earliest
cultivation of the earth; those polities essential to
the government of men engaged in a commerce of
values extracted from the earth; those social dis-
tinctions derived from the divisions of labor, in-
troduced by the necessities of labor bestowed upon
the eai th; m tiwth, all those domestic regulations,
social institutions, and educational methods, at-
tendantupon and composing what is termor! mod-
ern society. At the base of this immense super-
structure were to be found the material products of
laborupon land; and the magnitude of its growth
was ever to be measured by the extent tnTwhich
man participated therein. Thus has the original
inextricable combination of man's punitory doom
with his destined prosperity, pervaded thehisnuy
of his social progress, and Mndieatcd the inscru-
table wisdom of the Supiomo decree. And as long-
as the mass was admitted to this appointed expi-
ation of pivdial labor, was iu freedom preserved.
But, as power enciooched upon the common
heritage, tyrannous oppression supplanted the in-
dependence of husbandry. And, exactly as the
primordial law was violated, by the exclusion of
the general man from participation in the rights of
terrestrial possession and enjoyment, was his so-
cial equality subverted, and his mental and moral
strength ptoscrated. And the tmnsler of rights
thus violated, though to the aggressor, was neces-
sarily attended by a corresponding accession of
power to the latter. Hence the. historical specta-
cle of the throne located upon possession of land,
and of the prince representing the source of all ti-
tle thereto. And hence, also, the principle which
so long sustained the feudal system ot- viilen-
age, audits adjuncts, proceeding from the predial
