1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
168?
home. They held this home in reserve; they
still, so long as they could, clung to their native
land, the scenes of their traditional glory, in the
State of New York*, bat the white man crowded
around, and encroached on their possessions, not
only in the State of New York, but also on their
newly-acquired possession at Green Bay. At
this juncture, the Government of the United States
interposed and applied to them to relinquish these
lands at Green Bay, and to accept, in lieu thereof,
half a million acres at the foot of the Rocky
Mountains. They made that exchange. Per-
haps their instincts showed them more clearly,
than even the Government foresaw, that, within
the life of their youngest chief, they would be re-
quired to surrender even these distant lands, lying
then so far beyond the border of civilization, in
the very center of the continent.
But under these circumstances, in the year
1838, a treaty was made with these Six Nations
for a removal from New York and Green Bay to
that distant region in Kansas. The terms of that
treaty are before the Senate. I ask only the same
just and fair examination of the terms of the
treaty that this body would bestow spon a treaty
made with a nation of the highest state of civili-
zation on the continent of Europe. The Indians
agreed that they would remove from the State of
New York, and from Green Bay to Kansas, within
five years, or at such other time or times as the
President of the United States should appoint; and
they stipulated with the United States that they
should have the means for removing, the funds
necessary to pay the expenses of the journey for
the old men, young men, the women, and the
children of their tribes from the eastern border
of civilization into the interior of the continent,
in a land as yet lying in a state of native desola-
tion. They could not go without resources,
without means. Has that stipulation been per-
formed by the United States? It astonishes me
to see the indifference which is manifested here.
There is not a Senator upon this floor who does
not studiously claim his eight dollars for every
twenty miles going and coming from his home
to the national capital; yet we are forfeiting the
lands of the Indians because they did not remove
a thousand miles without money, without a staff,
without a musket to defend themselves against
the alien tribes whom they might encounter on
their way there. They were by that treaty en-
titled to these facilities for removing when they
were expected to remove. They were entitled to
more—to provision by which to maintain them-
selves for a year or two in their new home, and
to the funds with which they should buy plows,
and hoes and axes and wagons and horses, and
begin to reclaim the wilderness and bring it into
a condition in which it would support a great
people who had ceased to be hunters, and had be-
come civilized men. Did the Government furnish
these funds? Did the Government furnish these
aids? Did the Government furnish guides within
the first five years after the treaty was made and
which is the first period stipulated in the treaty?
No, sir; you know very well, [Mr. Stuart in
the chair,] coming as you do originally from the
State of New York, that no such provision was
made or offered for them. The Government never
required them to remove within the first five
years. That five years elapsed by the consent of
both parties without any forfeiture.
After that period had elapsed without a forfeit-
ure, it became necessary that a new period should
be assigned by the President; and it was to be a
just period, a liberal period, a period in which it
was practicable and consistent for these Indians
to remove, and a period to be dictated ai\d pre-
scribed by considerations of humanity, so that
they might remove with comfort and with safety.
Was that new period ever assigned ? If so, let
the honorable Senator from Missouri tell me on
what day it was fixed; and then let him tell me
how long was the period which was assigned,
when it ended, and what was the noticc that was
given to the I'ndians, and when it was given; and
let him show me the provisions which were made
by law in pursuance of and in execution of the
treaty, furnishing the funds for the removal of
the Indians, and for their establishment in their
new home. No such thing is shown; no such
thing is pretended. The President of the United
States was to fix periods from time to time. I have
asked, for the first time, when that was fixed?
I ask now, for the second time, when that was
signed, when it ended -
Mr. HAMLIN I do not want to interrupt the
Senator from New York; and still, if the Senator
will allow me to do so, I will move to postpone
this question.
Mr. GREEN. I object to that. We are nearly
through with the bill. Let us dispose of it.
Mr, HAMLIN. I see no prospect of it.
Mr. GREEN. I think there is no doubt of the
debate being nearly over.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is still one of the reg-
ular appropriation bills now pending in the Sen-
ate, as the chairman of the Committee on Finance
tells me; but he kindly consented, so far as he
could give me consent, that the light-house ap-
propriation bill should be taken up after the dis-
position of the bill we have just finished. The
Senator from Arkansas, however, was fortunate
enough to get the floor, and interposed a motion
to take up this bill before I could submit my mo-
tion. I see no prospect of settling this question;
and the next thing we shall see will be the chair-
man of the Finance Committee interposing an
objection; because he will feel compelled to ask
the Senate to take up an appropriation bill. The
light-house bill is important to all parts of the
country; almost all the States are interested in it.
I move to postpone this question, for the purpose
of taking up the light-house bill.
Mr. GREEN. I hope that will not be done.
This subject is nearly disposed of, and all this
work will have to be done over again if we lay
the bill aside now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,on
a division—ayes 17, noes 20.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will permit me, I
will suggest to him, that there is a bill here in
which he feels a good deal of interest, with re-
spect to the quarantine grounds, which I am anx-
ious to put through for his accommodation, and
I hope he-will let us do so as soon as possible.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 desire to be understood on
this subject, and to act with entire frankness. It
was not on my motion that this bill came up. It
is against every instinct that I have of respectful
deference to the Senate to detain them for a mo-
ment on any question, however important, at this
time of night, this time of the last night of the
session. I am exceedingly desirous for the pas-
sage of the bill to which the honorable' Senator
from Alabama calls my attention. It is a bill that
concerns the public health, the health of the great
city of New York and of all its suburbs. I have
endeavored to haveitbroughtforward and passed.
I would not detain the Senate by my own action
one moment from the consideration of any other
public bill, and I have shown this disposition by
voting with those who preferred to postpone this
question, so that they could dispose of other sub-
jects. The Senate has overruled me in that. I
will now, with the greatest pleasure in the world,
give way to the honorable Senator from Alabama
for a motion tearing forward the quarantine bill,
if the honorable Senator will make it.
Mr. GR.EEN. I object to that. Let us finish
this matter. It is nearly through.
Mr. HUNTER. I want, after that, to bring up
an appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; I will give way
to the Senator to bring up his appropriation bill.
Mr. GREEN. I object to the Senator's giving
way. After having made an immaterial and irrel-
evant speech consuming more than half an hour
—talking about the Six Nations, and about the
Peruvian Indians, and about the Aztecs, on a bill
which refeis to a treaty and the rights claimed
under a treaty—he talks about desiring to ex-
pedite business, and yet he gives way to motions
to delay.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I certainly
shall make no apology to the Senate for the man-
ner in which I discuss subjects which seem to me
to need debate. Some day the honorable Senator
from Missouri and myself will have an oppor-
tunity to read what he has said and what I have
said in this debate. Although, when that time
comes, I doubt not he will be perfectly satisfied
with what he has said, yet I am nevertheless sure
that, if I have not better success than 1 usually
have, I shall have occasion to regret most sin-
cerely that I had not .argued the cause pf this un-
fortunate relic of an interesting race,f$rho are de-
pendent on my care, ,with greater abjHty and with
greater fidelity. The world will judge between
us which was on the right side, and. which offended
against propriety, as well as offended against jus-
tice and humanity.
I have said, and fnowrepeat, that it is aotl
who is to keep the Senate from transacting any
business of a general and a public nature which
it shall prefer to thk bill. I£, as I foresee it is
probable, this Congress shall adjourn at twelve
o'clock to-morrow, leaving larg^e masses of the
public business not transacted, it-shall not be on
my shoulders that that responsibility shall rest.
But, at the same time, since the Senator from
Missouri has spread out the argument upon this
cause with great care, great deliberation, and, I
may be allowed to say, with great ability—for I
never under-value an opponent—I must be allowed
to perform my duty, in defense of the positions
which I have assumed, as well as I can.
I was saying, sir, that no time had been As-
signed by the President, such as Is stipulated fdr
in the treaty; and that the consequence is, if this
bill shall pass, that it will pass upon the principle
and uptfn the'ground that the New York Indians
have forfeited rights, which rights they have done
everything that belonged to men, even to civil-
ized men, to maintain; and if Congress shall pass
this law, it will then not advance, in rayjud#;
ment, the objects of those who seek, with such
precipitancy, to wrest this last hope of the New
York Indians from them, because the treaty
which was made with the Indians in 1838 is the
supreme law of the land. It is a treaty made be-
tween confessed equals, although so vastly un-
equal. If the law shall be made in conformity
with it, it will be a valid law; if made without
conformity to it, it will not be a valijl law. Then
there will open a new scene of litigation between
the white man and the red man, the end of which
no one can foresee, and the consequences of
which will be troublesome and disastrous. lNoW,
the amendment which is proposed by my honor*
able colleague saves the'rights of the United
States; it saves the rights of the white men, who
have intruded upo« these lands, without waiting
for the removal 'of-the Indian title to them; it
saves all the interests of all the parties. It only
requires that the Commissioner^Indian Affairs
shall institute anew such proceedings to obtain
such a further treaty as will secure all *the<;otyects
which this bill seeks to accomplish in behalf of the
white man, without depriving the red man of his
estate, and without bringing a shame and ap-
proach upon the name of the American people.
Mr. GREEN. One word only. I should like
to hear this speech repeated on the 4th of July;
but when we are pressed for time, with import-
ant business for us to transact, and there are par-
ticular points for us to discuss, I would prefer
that Senators should address themselves to "the
points. When the Senator undertakes to say
that these Six Nations were the allies of the Uni-
ted States, he speaks outside of the record. They
never were. They were the allies of England, our
old erfemy; but never of the United States. But
let me call attention to the treaty, to show that
we are not trampling down the rights of the In-
dians, and that the blush of shame will neverman-
tle the cheek of the honorable people-of the Uni-
ted States in consequence of passing this bill. It
is but just, right, and proper. It is treating the
Indians with tenderness and with care, while it
is protecting the interest of the white portion of
the American people. I shall say nothing more.
Mr. KING. I have made a modification in the
amendment which I offered, which the Secretary
will please read, ft is one which not only author-
izes and requires the commissioner to specify the
time within which they shall be removed, butalso
that the commissioner shall be authorized to treat
with them for the lands. I de.sire that that clause
may be read. • *
The Secretary read it, aS follows:
The President of the United States shall appoint a com-
missioner to carry out the provisions oi the treaty, who
shall also be authorized to treat for the purchase of their
lands.
Mr. KING. The reason why this measure is
urged upon Congress at this timp. is,.I suppose,
that the lands of the Indians in Kansas have been
settled 
