mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr, HUNTER. Will the Senator give way
to let me call up a little appropriation bill ?
Mr. KING. I give way for that purpose. •
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the appro-
priation. bill for the Yancton andTonawanda In-
dians—a little appropriation bill. It will not take
long;. .
Pr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senate will
not postpone this question.- As soon as the Sen-
ator from New York gets through with his few
remarks, there will be nothing said on the'oppo-
site side. We only want a vote.
Mr. HUNTER. There are two Senators from
New York, and we know they will speak.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is cin the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
lay aside this-bill and take up the bill to which
lie has alluded.
: The motion was agreed to
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day- approved and
B gn?d pn act (S. No. G06) to carry into effect the
convention botween^he United States and China,
concluded on the 8th of November, 1858, at
Sbanghae.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
The bill (II. No. It. 888) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yancton
andTonawanda Indians for the year ending the
30th eff June, 18fi0, and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is strictly according
to treaty; but there is one amendment necessary
to correct a verbal error. It is in line ten, under
the head " Creek Nation," to strike out "sixth,"
and insert "seventh," so as to read:
"Pet the aixlli aiticieol'the treaty of the 7th of August."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer,
which, it will strike the Senate, is not very ger-
mane to this -bill. It was my intention to offer
it to tho miscellaneous bill, but the chairman of
the Finance Committee preferred that I should
withhold it until the present (jill came up; and it
IS with his approval that I move it as an amend-
ment to this bill:
" For payment under existing contracts for.carrying the
mails as follow*, jo wn:
" For the transportation of the mails from Panama to Cal-
ifornia and On'gon and hack, from July 1 to September 30,
1859', $78,0&> 50. <>
•{For transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama from July I to September M, 1859, ft-25,000.
"For tmn^portation of the maili$via Tolmmuopfo, to
Vontoau ;nu? back, from tho l«t of November to tho'30th of
September, >859, $229,166 60."
These appropriations are according to estimates
made by the Post Office Department, which the
House of Representatives omitted to include in
any bill sent to this body. The amounts named
in the amendment arte nocesaary for the purpose
of making payments under existing1 contracts, to
enable the service to continue to the 30th of Sep-
tember, when the existing contracts expire. I
have deemed it my duty to bring the matter to the
notice of the Senate, and to move the amendment
in order that there may be an opportunity for the
appropriations being made by Congress.
Mr, HUNTER. The Senator from Florida
says these arc estimates made by the Post Office
Department for deficiencies. Do I so under-
stand?
Mr. YULEE. No; not deficiencies. The ap-
propriations made at the last session were for the
fiscal year expiring the 30th of June, 1859. The
service is continuing, and expires, under exist-
ing contracts, on the 30th of September 1859; for
which there is no provision from the end of this
fiscal year to the 30th of September.
Mr. GWIN. This is a three months'appro-
priation.
Mr. YULEE. A three months' appropriation,
under the estimates the Depnrtmunt, except
for theTehuantepec route, which is from Novem-
ber last until the end of their contract, no provis-
ion having been made for that at the last session.
Mr. HUNTER. Contiacts made in pursuance
of law ?
Mr."YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. Pl/GH. I trust the Senate will not make
itself su absurd as to tack this provision on to a
bill to carry out a treaty with Indian tribes; and
it is no excuse to say that they ought to have
been upon some other bill. They can be intro-
duced in the House of Representatives, if the
House is disposed to act on them; and I under-
stand they have taken up various other matters.
It is simply making our legislation ridiculous.
For one, I shall vote against it without any refer-
ence to its merits. It is not at all germane to .the
biH.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 16, noes 18.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. This is important. The parties
are performing the service under existing con-
tiacts. An omission hasnbeen made to make an
appropriation according to the estimates. I hope
the Senate will reconsider the vote just taken.
We must keep the Government going.
Mr. CLAY. We have overland mails which
ought to supply them. We pay enough for them.
Sir. HAMMOND. I only ask for an expla-
nation. I understand that to-day $250,000 have
been voted for the Tehuantepec route, and now
the Senator from Florida wants §330,000, I be-
lieve, in addition. I do not understand it..?
Mr. YULEE. I will explain again to the gen-
tleman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senate that, if there be no objection,
he will ascertain if the Senate will vote by yeas
and nays. He had decided the question and de-
termined that tho noes had it. Ia there objection
to a vote by yeas and nays? ["No."] The Chair
hears no objection. Will the Senate Lake this
question by yeas and nays?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendmentof the Senator from Florida.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that it is to
carry out existing contracts.
Mr. YULEE. Existing contracts which run
to the 30th of September. The legislation to
which the-Senator from South Carolina refers,
was a proposition to make provision for a period
commencing on the 1st of October next. This is
to pay for existing contradts.
Mr, HAMMOND. I understand that, by the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, which
was agreed to, these contracts aie limited to one
year, and we, to-day, agreed to give $250,000.
vVe are now asked for $230,000 more for the same
service. I want to know if we are to pay $480,000
for one yeaV?
Mr. HALE. That amendmentof the Senator
from Vermont has nothing to do with this ques-
tion. This is simply an appropriation to carry
out an existing contract, made in pursuance of
law, and wo are just exactly as much bound to
pay it as we are bound to pay $25,000 for the
President's salary. There is just as much pro-
priety in refusing' the one as the other. It is an
existing contract, made in pursuance of law, and
has to 1)0 carried out.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator from New
Hampshire is a leader in retrenchment, and if he
votes for this I will yield. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. That amqgxlment of mine
has nothing to do with this. That only provides
for after the expiration of the piesent contract.
Mi. K>RODERICK. 1 hope the call for the
yeas and nays will be dispensed with. I suppose
there can be no objection to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call can
be withdrawn, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I have another amendment to
offer, which, under the same understanding, I re-
served for this bill.
Jlnd be it further enacted. That the Pos-tmarftpr General
he, and lie is hereby, authorized and nquued ti> advertise
for proposals, and to contract with the lowest responsible
bidder or bidders for the transportation of tho United States
mail in steamships from Chailcston, fouth (Jaiolma, by
Savannah, Uuoigia, and Key Weft, Florida, to Havana, hi
Cuba, mid back, twice a month or oftcnei, fiom the 1st of
July, 1859, to the 30th or" June, 18*33, inclusive, at u s-uin not
to e.vceed $511,000 pei annum.
This amendment is to enable the Department to
make a con tract which the Postmaster General rec-
ommends. It is for a service which has been con-
tinued for the last twelve years between Charles-
ton and Havana; but, although Havana is the
terminus, and it bears upon its face the appear-
ance of a foreign contract, it is really and more
immediately for the supply of a mail to the Island
of Key West—an important island, containing a
population of three or fourthousand people,where
the underwriters of the North have a very large
interest; and it is necessary and important that
mail communication should be kept up. It is an
island, and can only be reached by water. This
is the only mail by which they are supplied from:
the Atlantic coast twice a month. The distance
from Key West to Havana is only sixty miles.
It is continued to Havana to accomplish, by a
very small extension of the route, a useful pur-
pose.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 voted against the Butter-
field steam route because it was to a foreign coun-
try, and because the rule had been established that
they might carry the mail for the postages, and
no moie. I do not see how I can deviate from
that rule. If I would agree to subsidize any route,
it would be this one; but I will not agree to sub-
sidize any routes to foreign countries.
Mr. HALE. I agree to what the honorable
chairman of the Committee omhe Post Office and
Post Roads says, that this is an island that can
only be reached by water, and I believe that that
is the case with most islands. [Laughter.] I
want to state that I am opposed to this proposi-
tion for this single reason: it is a departure front
the whole system. We have agreed to put our
foreign ocean mail service on this basis: that we
let it to the highest bidder for the postages. Here
is an exception that is proposed to be made, and
the only one made. I was opposed to it in com-
mittee; stated in committee that I should take the
liberty of opposing it hereon that ground; be-
cause it is undertaking to make an exception it*
an individual case from the general rule that we
apply to the rest of the world.
Mr. MALLORY. I would remind the Sena-
tot- from New Hampshire that we have to-day
passed a provision to establish a mail service be-
tween New Orleans and-Mexico, which is a de-
parture, if any precedent is necessary; but I would
not pin- my faith on a precedent. The service
now sought to l>e established has been in opera-
tion some eight or ten years. The contract wilS
expire on the 30th of June. The points betweenn
Charleston and Havana, are Savannah and Key
West, as has been stated by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
the distance beyond Key West is about eighty
miles of available navigation, so that the entire
service is performed within the United States with
the exception, of that short distance across the
Gulf. Itisexceedmgiyimportantto theGovern-
ment that this mail at Key West should be estab-
lished. There are two large foi ti'fications, and a
population of three or four thousand peopie. Bufc
there have been political considerations ahvaya
prevailing; with Congress^and they prevailed in
the establishment of this route, which was re-
garded as being important to connect the Island
of Cuba by that very short distance with the Uni-
ted States, and that consideration has always pre-
vailed more or less with Congress. The time is
about sixty hours from Havana to Charleston.
The nearest point at which you can get intelli-
gence from Cuba is by this line. The service ia
peifoimed at a very low rate*and this service and
the one to Mexico are the only two lines,I think,
that have been recommended by the Postmaster
General, and the estimate of $50,000, which was
recommended by him and before the Post Offico
Committee, is the lowest sum at which this maii
can be earned. I trust this route will not be con-
sidered a departure from the principle that we
have adopted. If there is any line which deserves
the encouragement of Congress, it is this one.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 90, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope Senators will vote
again.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMMOND. I was not disposed to in-
terrupt the business of the Senate by saying a
single word on this subject; but, as the vote on
this question is now to be taken by yeas and nays,
I will make a remark or two. I am not one of
those, Mr. President, who have been anxious to
make a war or a treaty to acquire Mexico or Cuba.
I think the trade of Mexico and Cuba of great
importance to the United States; but I have great
doubts whether that trade, encumbered with the
