556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
necessity, within reach of city alms, in obedience
to the instincts of their early life, will very gen-
erally seek an agricultural home.
I may, then, sir, with safety, assume that the
alien population will, at the auspicious opportu-
nity, with unanimity, adopt as their home the
arable lands of the West. This portion of our
inhabitants is constituted of the immigration pre-
vious to the year 1850, in number 2,240,535, and
of those which have immigrated since then,
namely, 2,394,157. Thus, of the foreign element
that it is presumed would, sooner or later, embark
in pursuit of free homesteads, if offered, we have
4,634,692 persons. Or, allowing six, the usual
• number of persons among this people, to a fam-
ily, 772,448 families. Of the 3,598,198 families
of native white and free colored persons in the
United States, it is not an unreasonable presump-
tion , when reflecting that there are but 16.82 houses
to every 100 white and free colored persons in the
United States, that 1,500,000 of them would be
induced by the superior attractions of the West
and a free homestead. These families, allowing
the standard number of persons to every two of
them, would comprise 8,250,OOOpersons. If these
suppositions are but an approximation to facts,
the provisions of a land distribution act would be
availed of by 2,272,448 families, one half of which
would be aliens; or by 12,884,692 persons, two
thirds of whom would be Americans. Now, the
unappropriated lands of the people of the United
States, designated the public domain, amount to
9,062,500 quarter sections, of 160 acres each. The
donation of one quarter section, therefore, to each
of the 2,272,448 families last referred to, would
leave still unappropriated anddisposable6,790,052
quarter-sections, or 1,086,408,320 acres of land.
The average price demanded and received by the
Government for the public lands is $1 25 per acre,
at which standard of value their present estimated
worth would be $1,712,500,000. But the reduc-
tion, at irregular intervals, of one quarter of this
vast area to tillage, together with the introduction
tluough the whole of those facilities of locomo-
tion and transportation attendant upon possession
and modern agricultural cultivation, would neces-
sarily affect favorably the value of the whole.
Though comparatively a new country, yet abound-
ing in such loitility of soil easily subdued, and
blessed with a climate of unequalcd salubrity, and
capable of being so readily annexed by internal
communication to the great domestic and foreign
markets, it is no speculative opinion which would
assign as the measure of increased value to the
■whole, through the agricultural occupancy of one
quarter thereof, the average value per acre of the
improved and unimproved lands included in the
farms of the United States. This average value
is $11 14 per acre. It may, theiefore, be leason-
ably assumed that the disposable lands remaining
after deducting the actual appropriation, by set-
tlers, under the provisions of a homestead law,
would be worth ten dollars per acre; ami as that
remainder would be 1,086,408,320 aeres, its value,
thus compensated, would be $10,864,083,200, or
$9,151,583,200 mote than is the present value of
the entire domain.
But, sir, let us now suppose the 2,772,448 quar-
ter sections occupied under the beneficent provis-
ions of a homestead law by these 2,772,448 fami-
lies, we should thus be presented with the gracious
spectacle of as many farms occupied by thrifty
farmers, possessed of competency, and blessed
with prosperity. No one will doubt that those of
these families of American nativity would, apart
from the products of the earth, be reasonably pro-
vided with a surplus beyond the bare means of
subsistence, and that those of foreign birth would
riot be deficient may be asserted upon the highest
authority—that each emigrant, man, woman, and
child, landing at the port of New York, brings
into the country, on an average, §100 each, in
com. It may, therefore, be presumed that each
farm would be fitly provided with farm-houses,
out-buildmgs, and faiming implements. As the
average number of acres (203) to each farm in the
United States exceeds, by a very few acres, the
number assigned to each of the farms proposed
for actual occupation, it will probably be safe to
adopt as their average value the ascertained aver-
age value of the farms of .the United States, and
to affix to their farming implements the same Av-
erage price; the first being $2,258 per farm, and the
last $105 per farm; we have, thus, for the average
value of the farms and farming implements of the
farms, within the States, the sum of $2,362 per
farm. Then the aggregate value of the 2,772,448
donated farms, and their respective farming im-
plements, would be $6,548,548,176. These do not
by any means, sir, comprise all the additional ma-
terial wealth to be derived from the practical op-
eration of the principle I contend for. It is learned
from accurate data that the revenue paid by each
consumer of foreign fabrics or products is $2 43.
When you elevate from a state of inactive de-
pendence a whole class of men, women, and chil-
dren, to one in which success inspires the wish,
and confers the means, of appropriating foreign
merchandise, you create an increase of revenue to
the Government exactly proportioned to the in-
creased consumption of dutiable articles. Thus
the 12,884,692 persons, beneficiaries of land dis-
tribution, would become contributors to the rev-
enues of the country in the sum of $31,209,792,
annually. Nor is this all." These persons, from
non-producers, would at once be included among
the producing classes of the country, and so be
cach a tributary to its annual productive wealth.
When we, therefore, revert to the fact that the
average annual producing power of each individ-
ual in the United States is $50 20, we would have,
as another of the affluent results of the proposed
system, an increase of $646,811,538 to the annual
production of the country.
Let us now collate these items of national
wealth, thus promised by the acceptance of a rule
of land division among our meritorious citizens
and aliens, and le*un what is the result that may be
reasonably expected from its adoption. First,
then, there is the enhanced value of the public
lands remaining after the abstraction of those
donated exceeding the present value of them ail
by $9,151,538,200 00
Value of farms donated and
fanning implements  6,548,521,176 00
Revenue derivable from the
occupants of donated lands, 31,209,792 56
Increased annual productions, 646,S11,538 40
Total $16,87b,080,706 96
Suppose, however, sir, that, suppoited as this
enormous increase is, by the statistical experience
of the past, we nevertheless abate one half of the
sum total, and still would the expectations of
the sanguine advocate of the scheme be gratified
with a real addition to the national resources of
$8,189,040,353 48. Sir, it is needless for mo to
dilate upon the advantages to flow from so just
a measure m the presence of the figures 1 have
given. Yet, could 1, without imputation, be per-
mitted to push my inquiries further, I would in-
stance the colleges and schools that would, in a
few short years, ornament and enrich a region
thus seized tVoni liatuie, to be conferred upon civ-
ilization; the raihoads and canals that would pen-
etrate the wilderness, and bear m rapid exchange
the products of a newly recovered country with
the t'oii'ign manufacture. I would review and col-
late all the incidental accumulation which attends
upon national growth; the accretions of labor in
its thousand employments and results; the afllu-
ence of mechanic wealth, of the manufactory, of
the furnace, of the counting-room; and I would
afford some idea of the magnitude of the values so
important in themsi Ives, and overwhelming in
combination, by indicating that each of those who
would contribute to these interests would, if the
i statistics of the present are a safe guide, pay to
; his local government $4 24 of taxes for its sup-
: port, or an accumulated tribute of ^54,631,094 08
| for the 12,884,692 persons assigned to, and in the
occupancy of, the donated domain.
! But, sir, incredible as these results seem, they
i are but the exponents of a material gain to the
i annual store of our national wealth; they are but
; the measure of those vast internal resources which
characterize the enterprize and the ability of a
j people. Inasmuch as from these may be derived
an estimate of national greatness, they would re-
liably demonstrate that of our future; and,doubt-
less, they would be competent to the extent that
i wealth is an attribute of greatness, or a just index
| of relative nationalities. But, above and beyond
j all this, foi the assertion of national influence, is
the complexion of popular character, the energy
and enterprise, the capacity and disposition of
! the race. These evidently are quite independent
of external appliances or artificial aids. They
have their sources in, and are the product of, the
physical and mental structure of the man. They
emanate from- that peculiar combination of the
physiological with the spiritual, which distin-
guishes and separates the various people of the
earth. These, though implanted by a superior
and infinite power, receive, through successive
generations of nations, as we have seen, the in-
fluences of climate and habitation. Original pre-
disposition thus succumbs to habitudes; and com-
plex individual characteristics eventually are
absorbed in national traits. It is, therefore, sir,
of great importance to national greatness that
due regard should be had to these diverse sources
of human character. Inferiority of physical de-
velopment, of a necessity, affixes a limit to mental
and. confines the area of moral improvement. The
existence, therefore, of41 national physique of
pow,er, both of endurance and resistance; the
procurement of a structure simply of nerves and
bones and muscles, which shall preserve, by its
occult galvanism, the benevolence and the enter-
prise, the virtue and the energy of the highest
type, is a primary desideratum, and without
which, topographical influences, though lasting
as the centuries, are obviously ineffectual.
Now, the characteristics of race are easily to
be distinguished, and their combinations are of
ascertained results. Of the European family, the
Teuton stocky has been of accepted superiority.
Its .predominating qualities conferred upon the
Saxon r$ce its precedence, and still maintain its
position in the front of the civilization of the
world. It was the descendants of this portion of
the human family who contributed in largest pro-
portion to our colonial population. Its proverbial
enterprise and indomitable energy supplied the
means of subduing the wilderness. Admirable,
however, as was this parent stock, its virtues
shone with increased lusterin its succeeding gen-
erations. The representatives of other races had
effected extensive colonization upon our shores.
A common expeiience produced sympathetic feel-
ings; a common danger compelled unanimity of
sentiment. Those sundered by tongue and op-
posed by habit, consequently assimilated more
1 nearly iu the scenes they all composed; and an
intermingling of races became the result, not
more of necessity than inclination. Thus was it,
sir, that the men of the Revolution, in whose veins
flowed the blood of the Saxon and the Celt in
kindred affinity, were an order of men superior
to those imported to enslave them. And thus was
it that national freedom germinated from the in-
herent virtues of a people animated with the.
patriotism, and inspired with the combined earn-
estness, of the coalescing nationalities. Sir, that
invigorating process has not yet ceased. Steadily
has the current of emigration set upon these
shores. Large massesof men, of various language
and extractions, have domiciled, at intervals, 111
our midst; and gradual, though efficient, has been
the universal blending of races. And continu-
ously, through the future, will this human tide
flow on. Its annual volume (at the greatest four
bundled and sixty thousand five hundred people)
will soon be resumed, and, with progressive ac-
celeration, will proceed in the march towards a
composite order of men, the type of whose civil
prowess the world will never before have wit-
nessed.
But, to encourage the just development of the
qualities of such a people, it is requisite that an
appropriate theater should be provided for them.
Hitherto has the replenishment of population
been chiefly confined to the territorial area be-
tween the Atlantic and the Mississippi. And
the magnitude of its extent, its grand geograph-
ical features, its variety, and the sublimity of its
scones, certainly have furnished a worthy seat for
the education of that superior race which have
possessed and now occupy it. But, vast as is the
space, it has already proved inadequate to the
restless march of American civtlriation. TvJany
years since were the western waters passed, and
cities and towns now exist and floutish many
miles beyond them. The ceaseless activity of
American mind encounters all obstacles and in-
vades every field. , The adventurous emigrant
follows rapidly wherever land and a homeinvite;
and it is obvious that the migration of an army
of Americans and Germans, of Irish and Scotch,
suc*h as a free distribution of lands would inevit-
