1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
ably and immediately precipitate, would require
a country vast in extent, prolific of respurees,
and abounding in salubrity of climate and fertility
of soil. Such a country stretches between the
western limits of our most western States and the
waters of the Pacific. There it lies, plain and
mountain, slope and table land, a spectacle of
nature, in beauty and grandeur unequaled by any
other on earth. The meridian line which term-
inates the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Mis-
souri, and Iowa, on the west, is the eastern limit
of those great plains or savannahs, which are
broken only at the foot of the Rocky Mountains.
Confined by these lateral boundaries, they extend
north and south one thousand miles in width,
from the Texan to the Arctic coast. Of an un-
dulating surface, they are spread gracefully to the
eye, without interruption of abrupt mountains,
timbered space, desert, or lake, and bounded only
by the horizon. The soil is of a fine calcareous
mold, covered with nutritious perennial grasses,
among which chiefly prevails the gramma, or
buffalo grass. Par mto the interior penetrate the
affluents of the Mississippi, the Missouri, and
the St. Lawrence—navigabte rivers, irrigating,
but not draining, the neighboring surface. From
their margins extend many broad bottoms,adapted
to farming purposes. Here rain never falls, and
storms are of rare occurrence. A climate more
favorable to health, longevity,and intellectual and
physical development, the world does not afford.
Every variety of grass, grain, and vegetable,
grows spontaneously. The grape, and every
kind of fruit, flax, hemp, cotton,and the flora, at-
tain extraordinary flavor, perfection, and beauty.
Overthisvastextentroam, in throngs estimated at
one hundred million, the buffalo, elk, deer, mount-
ain sheep, and other animals common to our
western regions. Here, then, repose in unoccu-
pied silence, the pastoral regions of America—the
seat of a future empire of industry and commerce
—stretching away, in its longitude, through the
temperate zone into the arctic circle on the north,
into the tropical zone on the south, and flankeo
by the Atlantic and Pacific—the arable and com-
mercial maritime regions of the continent. Be-
neath the whole, as if to give to man the last as-
surance of perpetual dominion, bituminous coal
is interstratified with calcareous and sandstone
formation. Such, sir, is the country, in itself equal
to the area of the twenty-four States east of the
Mississippi, that awaits the appearance of a race
fitted and prepared to achieve the empire of which
it is the, destined seat. It is hardly necessary
that I should enlarge upon the peculiarities of
that additional reach of land which, adjoining this
on the west, extends, in mountain formation of
vales and table lands, sixteen hundred miles
broad, from Tehuantepec, four thousand five hun-
dred miles to the arctic circle._
Such, sir, is but a compendious description of
what constitutes three fifths of the area of the
continent, and of what one day, and that no very
distant day, is surely to be the theater of all that
is gr&nd and impressive in human history and
national existence. And whose, then, should be
the tread first to awake its undisturbed solitudes,
if not the tread of more than twelve millions of
native and alien emigrants which, I have con-
tended, would follow upon the passage of a land
distribution law; whose the presence that, in the
ranks of social, industrial, and commercial life,
should marshal the vast resources of that won-
derful land, if not the presence of a people whose
interfusion of blood would-create a new order of
mind, energy, and physical capacity, 111 the human
race. Sir,°it is there that t he greatness of empire
is to be accomplished., The sea-board regions are
even now nursing the infant strength of that peo-
ple, whose future composition from many stocks
is to accomplish the looked-for unity of lace, and
whose peaceful exploits shall fill the whole earth.
There it lies, under temperate skies, in its undu-
lating savannahs, its Alluvial bottoms, its invig-
orating waters; a land prepared, of all lands, for
the race, of all races, to enter upon anu enjoy.
Importing to themselves of the foreign commerce
of their maritime flanks, they will ply an interior
commerce that will astonish the senses, and make
tributary the wants of a world. The means by
which the social life of the modern day is ex-
tended and developed, must work out theie,upon
an unequaled theater, astonishing results. Rail-
roads will extend an impenetrable web over un-
measured distances, and canals penetrate ever-
cotitinuing plains. The wealth of the earth, prod-
igally yielded, will be munificently bestowed, and
in the central region of the continent will at length
be witnessed the industry and the commerce, the
intelligence and the arts, that shall decide and es-
tablish the character of the people of America.
But, sir, I know that there are those who, while
the earnest and constant friends of-a homestead
law, are as earnest in their opposition to the ex-
tension of its benefits to aliens. I do not. now
mean to arraign that large mass of our fellow-
citizens who for these years past have indorsed
their faith by political action, and made the birth-
right of an American the test of apolitical party.
These principles have been subjected to the se-
vere ordeal of a popular trial; and the result, I
think, has shown that whatever may be the con-
victions of individuals upon this subject, they
are not of such general prevalence as to inspire a
party with either political effectiveness or perm-
anent duration. This appears to have been the
decision of the recentpast; but, whether so or not,
I would, sir, in this connection, address my argu-
ment to higher considerations than those winch
have ordinarily resisted the admission of the for-
eigner to the privileges of the elective franchise.
The useful inoculation of the old colonial stock
with the blood of the collateral branches of the
race and its consequences, have already been ad-
verted to; and the continuing process, in the vastly
multiplied proportion I have signified upon those
fields for human development, so admirably and
so wonderfully spread before us in the map of
the great West, has already been raced to its in-
evitable consequences in the wealth .md. power of
an empire race, in their empire home. It is un-
necessary, therefore, that I should occupy your
attention furl her with this view of the subject.
But there is another, quite as essential to a full
comprehension of the effects of foreign emigra-
tion, in the population of our country. It is
clearly of the utmost importance, a dne regard
having been had for the character of our popula-
tion, that its increase should be secured at the
most rapid rate. It is not for me, sir, to enlighten
the House with proof of the inefficiency of the
natural multiplication of the species, to populate
the continent within any assignable period, to the
point of power and prpsperity. No recorded in-
stance through these means can be found of either
national inception or maturity. But it is obvious
to all experience, both ancient and modern, that
the settled country, the populous city, and the
expanding census, are invariably attributable to
the introduction of a foreign population to the
aboriginal, and to its procreating increment. It
is, I believe, admitted that the proportion of the
natural increase of the population, to that by
importation's as low as one to three. The pop-
ulation of the colonies at the time of their abju-
ration of the parental authority, was three million
two hundred and thirty-one thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty white and free colored persons.
That population would, in 1850, have multiplied
to but seven million five hundred and fifty-five
thousand four hundred and twenty-three, if de-
pendent alone upon the inciease of l :rths over
deaths. But, thiough the offices of a kindlv em-
igration, not of individual additions, but ot the j
consequently enlarged ratio ot natural increase, i
did our population, in 1850, reach nineteen mil- :
lion nine hundred and eighty-seven thousand fi\e |
hundred and sixty-three white and free colored ,
persons. If, by this, we assign to the oiigmal j
colonial population, and to its natural increase, i
seven million five hundred and fitty-five thou- I
sand four hundred and twenty-three, and to
foreign emigration to 1S50, two million six hun-
dred and twenty-six thousand six hundred and
eighty-six, we shall have born upon the soil, but
of foreign extraction, nine million seven hundred
and ninety-five thousand four hundred and fifty-
four, for those by whose numbers we are this day
enriched and strengthened. If, theretore, such
has been the accelerated progression communi-
cated to our populousness by the intermarriage
with the native population of even the compara-
tively few foreigners that had reached our shores
during the seventy-four years terminated by 1850,
what must it be when stimulated by the vastly
increased emigration of the subsequent time, con-
tinued in fluctuating waves through future years,
and encouraged by the high social standard, the
peaceful prosperity, the topography, and the clx- .
mate, of our empire beyond the Mississippi.
I have now accomplished my purpose, I have
presented the various reasons which should coij-
trol in favor of a land distribution law; reasons,
sir, which embrace the wliofe circle of truth, and
its obligations, and its benefits to man. Indeed,
after all that can be said, there is presented but
the simple right of all to partake by law of what
is the conceded constitutional and natural right
of all—the common lands of the people. That there
should be an equality of enjoyment by all, may
not be questioned; but what shall be the charac-
ter of the future possession? What the species
of labor, whether slave or free, which the citizens
shall choose as the implement of individual for-
tune or national prosperity? manifestly are ques-
tions providentially reserved, by our institutions,
to the future, and to those whom they are.more
immediately to affect. They belong not to us.
The liberty accorded to the slave-owner renders
his decision for or against slave labor dependent
upon the issue of its competition with white labor;
and whatever that decision may he, its authority
will,be paramount to political necessities and be-
yond statutory enactments; it will be the supreme
law of local civilization. Sir, I am no visionary
theorist, speculating upon an imaginary future.
I would be the last to indulge in such ruinous
fancies. I believe I have spoken the words of
soberness and truth; that I have traced effects that
are as certain in the future as their causes are
endowed with a present existence. It becomes
us to scrutinize the subject with an earnestness
commensurate with its magnitude, and to decide
at once—as sooner or later it must be decided—
that the people shall be admitted to their natural
inheritance.
FISHERY" BOUNTIES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, the official organ of the Administration has
furnished its readers with a reprint of a speech,
made at the other end of the Capitol^, in which
the author attempts to show that the law granting
bounties to fishermen ought to be repealed. This
speech, which the editor of the organ indorses,
was addressed not only to the body in the pres-
ence of which it was spoken, but to the people
of the country. As the subject-matter of which
it treats has now become interesting to this House,
and especially as no debate upon the bill which
has come to us from the Senate has yet transpired
here, while repeated efforts have been made to
get the bill before us for a vote, I may be par-
doned if I take the views contained in this speech
as substantially the expression of those enter-
tained by the friends of repeal in this branch of
Congress. I am, furthermore, constrained to avail
myself of the privilege and courtesies of the occa-
sion, because my constitueuts aie largely inter-
ested in the bounty question, and will expect me
to lay before the House my objections and theirs
to the passage of any measure that will injuri-
ously atiect their interests. It is not my inten-
tion , sir, to go much into the details of the fishing
question at this time. All 1 desire is to ofter, as
briefly as possible, a general repiy to the argu-
ments contained m the speech to which 1 have
alluded. . .
The speaker begins by quoting the saying of
Fisher Ames, which was, that 41 ihe catching of
cod is a very momentous concern;" and he arrives
at the conclusion that considering the " peculiar,
extraordinary* and exclusive" favor with which
cod catchers have been treated ,jthe Congress of
the United Statesis not far behind that statesman
in its estimate of the importance of the fishing
;! business. The speaker then does justice to the
|| integrity of character of Mr. Ames, but seems
!I hardly disposed to agree with the sentiment that
[! the catching of cod isa very momentous concern.
He then proceeds to dilate upon the question m
its sectional aspect, showing that the .Northeast
is mainly interested in continuing tne bounty
which, from his stand-point, appears unjust to
other sections of the country. 1 nen lie treats the
subject as if the pi unary or only object of the
framers of the system was to increase the com-
merce of the country, or us resources, by en-
couraging a heavy consumption of dutiable salt,
all of "which may be true or not without affecting
my present judgment in favor of the maintenance
of the system. And he compares the increasem
