558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
" the cod fisheries with tho natural growth of our
foreign commerce as if he supposed it were pos-
sible, under any circumstances, for an interest so
limited in all respects as from necessity this must
be, to compete with the other branches of the ever-
growi ng, always-expanding commercial resources
of our country. Then he speaks of the expoits
of diied and piclrled fish having fallen off; but
fails to note, in explanation of this, that our own
maikets present a constant and increasing de-
mand for the article. Then he places fish against
tho list of articles of export which have increased,
most naturally, with every step of our progress
as a producing people, which is elevating the im-
portance of the expQrt trade in fish relatively
above its sphere, as wii! be plain to all men upon
reflection. And he finally sums up by suggesting
that thefishcries, as a source of wealth, have failed,
without mentioning that the value of nearly three
million dollars are annually drawn from our wa-
ters by the fishermen of one State of the Union,
which is no trifling addition to the results of the
productive interests of the country.
What the speaker has said in reference to the
fisheries as a nursery for seamen is no argument
for the repeal of the bounties, but rather in favor
of the allowance. It is true that the herring and
mackerel fisheries were comparatively, if not
wholly, unknown in 1792; butit so happens that
many, if not i\ majority, of this class of fishermen
arc tho recipients of bounty under the existing
law, and for the reason that they conform to its
requirements before the mackerel season com-
mences, and, taking one year with another, they
got their clue proportion of the bounty. The cod
fishermen begin their year's work in January or
February, and pursue it until late m June or early
in J uly, and then they are titled lor the mackerel
voyage. But under the law granting bounties
they make no bounty time out of the period m
winch they cue engaged in mackerel fishing. If
they do, they arc at faultpand should know tho
law. Our revenue officers pro the proper guard-
ians of public justice, so far as it r-'iat^s to the
payment of bounties under the act of 1819. The
speech to which my attention has ifuen called as-
serts that cei tain custom-house officers have asked
to have the li.;horuien watched, to keep them from
defrauding the Government. 1 had not heard of
that before, but am far from believing that any
necessity demanded such a thing at their hands.
The law of 1813 expr« sMv fixes tho_ penalty for
every bleach of its provisions in reference to tho
collection of bounties by fishermen. Its language
its:
k\And if at any lime w iflnn one yearafter the pavment'of
pueli aiiowaun\ir siiisll i>p| i'>u th:u ;uiv ii.uui ordeeeu has
been jiiaclifcd in ubrauiut^ the llie boat 01 ve-sol
ujuMi which Midi allowance j-lwvil liavc been paui, if IoiimI
v< .uiiii ilie tie hh't ahdc-aal, -hall be iorfeued ; oiheiu w,
tf■ • <>\\ in i t/i o\\ )]e;-s irivhi;: prai net d mii ii iiaml oi deceit,
?is iii iiii.ui aiivi [i,iv '-sieu. to Ik-* lot. o eovei t d. and
tii'-n ih'a!'•(!, in ti'c • ame in,siniv'i a. - e-1;< i:iti cv and pnuhu::,
;<i"e so ,-itcd !<)•, ieco\"icti, ami lUMiitniU'd, lor any
bieaeh c l die ai r mii i:!t'ti. ice."
li ih<* coliecto. s of the eu^toin-^ hear of frequent
\toiatjonsof tho law gunning boittiUf-s, a sni<-t
fid^'ity to duty on their pari might end in enrich-
jij   ihe Tr";v-iu-y, i.ilher limn in depleting it. I
commend th m to a. gi-Mter dggree of watrhful-
n< in the dt.Vnaig:? <>t their public duties.
in the discussion of tins question fiom tini"to
tinn , much has been k:aid in refeience to tin salt
t«T<. The speech lo which 1 now pnrticukuly '
l*>fi i, most ei.Jho at' iy and adioitly introducs
the old and .1 ystifv ing at gum uif. 1 discard that !
pji-i of the argument ahog< tlier. I have a theory
of uiv own taie hmg this question. The object
on.;iu d!y was., as I believe, to pay a bounty to
the f-d-cmH'ii to   ncoinage them in the prosecu-
tion pt.or i.i_iu important bianch of industry.
It IS e; U' U ! '/Uhf V IN til" hlW wlllcll 0Uthori7.es
the ,'.iVif,ei.t of i'*e annual allowance; and the 1
ciTou's tnad ' 1 ■ v tbe gen !• man, >n h's speech, to
show that it i- ii-jr a bounty which v*e pay, but
oniv liav. i.aek or e.rpe.rt duty, an. f.>Mat;on t, or
&i h'osi ummi'OiLu o: mv view of th ' < I
bt ticve that tlie rconssio:, "f li:-- <: ay -m f-uit v.'t !
a e -I'Venicut wuv to fo^mr th^ ^ish a* a file <
v. n'..i me country war, k--:5 prr. >j"'rou^ and poori't" '
t\au ;■ row. it was a convenient method and
noT .r/'Xorabl"; and inexplicable law which first !
south' to identify the h^t ta:: and fishing bemn- I
ties as one i.-itereyt, in the opinion of the legisla- j
tois who esUibhshed the system of granting boun- |
ties. I mav oo in error about this matter. 3 care j
notto wade through the ramifications of the ques-
tion to ascertain whether I am or not. We are to
legislate for the present and for the future, and I
prefer to let the past take care of itself. Lawyers
stand upon precedents. I am not of that craft.
But I prefer to take a practical view of the ques-
tion as I understand it, in its bearings upon cur-
rent and prospective results. In dealing with
questions of Expediency, the records of congres-
sional legislation are just the poorest guides in
the world. To establish a just claim or a prin-
ciple, they are necessary. To fix a system of
policy we may with propriety consult our own
knowledge and judgment as they bear on our pres-
ent necessities, or we can savea very considerable
sum of money to the people by lesigningour places
and seeking other occupation than that of mere
ransackers among the archives, in order that we
may ascertain, from what others have done in
the past, our duty in the present. If we go back
to 1792, and take our cue from what was said and
done by the legislators of that day, we shall find
some difficulty in adapting ourselves and our re-
sponsibilities to the exact routine and circum-
stances of those times, and still keep up with the
progress of our own. I think that gentlemen who
desire to repeal the bounties will hardly stand by
the doctrines oflJefferson in their minutest bear-
ing, or even the Declaration of Independence, and
execute the spirit and letter of that instrument- at
least, they will prefer to construe it for themselves.
And if a difference as regards the true intent and
meaning of an instrument so plain as is the Con-
stitution of the United States, is toieiated among,
men sworn to support it, surely I shall he ex-
cused if 1 refuse most positively to be bewildered
by the piles of legislative and oratorical references
to the salt tax, which I find in connection with the
fishing bounty question.
Now, sir, the sum total of this whole business
scorns to me to be this: we established the policy
of encouraging the fisheries as long ago as 1791,
while Mr. Jefferson was Secretary of State. A
memorial of the Massachusetts Legislature of
1701 was referred to Mr. Jefferson, and he made
an elaborate report in favor of protecting and en-
couraging the fisheries, i believe that u was wise
then to foster this interest. I believe that it is
at ill our duty to protect it. The system, in my
judgment, is to be defended, only as one of pol-
icy. The Government-has been generous to the
fishci men. You may call them pensioners on thp
Government, if it pleases you. It matters but little
what you say about granting aid to them, if you
finally encourage and aid in upholding the inter-
est which is vital to their welfare. We did not
originate the bounty system. We copied after
the example of England in the spirit of onr action.
We have continued the system, with slightinter-
niission, (from 1807 to 1H13,) to this time. We
have acted in refeicnee to the matter as other mar-
itime nations have done before and do now. The
act of 181.') was repealed, or would have been in
kT7 by tho force of its own language, had  ol the
act of February, 131(5, been pas-'od, which kept
certain provisions of the old law still m force, "such
as the division of the bounty among the ciews,
although payable to the owners; but such provis-
ions of the act of 1813 as have not been lepealed
by subsequent legislation, arc now taken m con-
nection with a law " amendingand in alteration"
of an act, a few extracts from the provisions of
which I il(';;iio now to rend. I refer to that pait
winch piovidcs for the division of the bounty
money among the crew of tho vessel After fixing
tho amount which shall be paid per ton, nnd the
dates within whicli the bounty time shalirun, the
law says:
"'I'iniii winch allowance aMiic-aul Ihtrc ci«lith pan*
shall accrue and beimuj to the owner ot'f-ucli f;-iini:r ve>-ei
ail'i the offset livv c> llilit the -en! -hail tic divided b\ hi in, Iih
nr. or lawns! i op: e-<'!!tati\ e at oiut tne ei.tl li-hei ni<-a
wno liavo beea oaipbnod oti Mich \u^<d dunnir tiie h a-on
.i i. oi a ;>,u;, rcof, t :a  c;i • • r^a;' b , ja ' neli p;o-
jt-.U'i'i tti'j ii-;; tap/ 't;a\ re5 o'-i t'Veh Ki\e t iken may
ben *i> 'he wail" (;'nru'f> oi li>ii taken on bouia Mich ves-
■- d dmni'i tacit -.ea-on."
And my personal acquaintance with the mode
of conducing thn business among the principal
fishing firms tn the town whore 1 live, is sufficient
to warrant rrc m saying that, where a fisherman
goes a part of llni year m one vessel, and from bis
own choice or for Ins own convenience goes in-
another vessel to perform service during another
period of the year, he receives his proportion of
| the bounty pro rata from the owners of both ves-
sels in which he may have been during the season.
Just at this point 1 desire to read the law under
which these bounties are paid and have been paid
since 1819:
t£ Be it enacted, #c., That from and after the passing of
this act, there shall be paid on the last day of December
annually, to the ou-ner at cve.iy fUmi-i i,0ai or vessel, oi his
agent, by tho coiiector of the (ii<tiicf where such boat or
vessel may belong, that shall bo qualified agreeably to law
for carrying on the hank and other cod fisheries, and that
shall have actually been employed therein at .sea tor a teim
of four months at least of the ru-ium* reason next pieeeding,
which season is accounted to be from the last day of Feb-
luary to the last day of November tn evety yeai, for each
and every ton of such boat or vessel's bui den aeeoulnig to
her admeasurement as licenced or eniollcd, if moie than
five toft4*, and not exceeding thirty tot!.--, §3 50 ; if above
thirty tons, §4 ; if above thirty tony, and having had a crew
of not less than ten person, and having been actually em-
ployed in the cod-fisheries at t*ea for a teim of thteo and a
half months at lea^t, but less than font months of the sea-
son aforesaid, §0 50 : Provided, That the allowance afo-.R-
said on any one vessel for one season shall not exceed
§360."
That is the the lav/ under which the bounties
are paid to the fishermen to-day. How does that
effcct anything or propose anything but a direct
bounty on the tonnage of the vessels seeking
bounty under this law? I quote it as it stands,
and it is the last act referring to this question that
that can be found upon the statute-books. Noth-
ing is said about salt m this last act: and I pre-
sume, sir, that the legislators who framed the law
understood that they were granting a bounty to
the fishermen, without reference to the law in re-
lation to the salt duties.
Now, what is all this clamor in relation to the
fishing bounties made for? "To establish jus-
tice," say the friends of repeal; it is a " sectional"
matter, this paying of bounties, and cannot he tol-
erated any longer. Mow a law can bo called sec-
tional that applies to all the States of the Union,
I cannot discover. It is no fault of the New Eng-
land fishermen that Alabama declines to prose-
cute the business. Nor is there any provision of
the bounty law that gives a Massachusetts or
Maine cod fisherman any advantage that would
not accrue to hna if he lived in any other State.
It is no more sectional than the bounty land act
or pension laws. It is broad, general, and open
to all sections of the country equally. But if it
seems to bo sectional, and consequently unjust,
suppose wo go fu rther for justice sake, and let each
State pay her postal expenses. Massachusetts
men do not complain so far as I know; buh, while
we annually add to the national fund m excess of
our postal expenses, in round numbers, $Jb0,000,
(or taking tho year 1&}7, in exact numbers,$178,-
640 73,) Alabama takes out mure than that
amount—accoiding to the report for 1857, <,189,-
213 Ufch Is that just? Why should tho people of
Massachusetts be taxed with the expenses of car-
rying the mads for the people of Alabama? But
Boston is a great commercial city, some one says,
and the foreign mails depart from that point; hence
your large receipts. That is our business, if we
showitso to Ixe; but let us t.dmu that your sugges-
tion would afford a wry satisfactory explanation,
if (he present law did not require the prepayment
j; of postage hi all cases. Bat thus true, as fcu* been
suggested to me, tluU the nu rchants of the Wect
and of the South str.d their foreign letters under
cover to the merchant in Boston to be r-mailed
there, which I question, that would not niter the
j f.iot as it stand's. The n turns at the Post Office
;; Department show the exact receipts accruing at
- Ihe several postal biaiu hes in every State m this
j, Union, as weM as foreign postage; and if every
State in the Union were a separate government,
i it would not alter the case at all; it would only
i. show the advantage which each pai fscuhu locality
i1 has over others by virtue of its position in acom-
, mereic'! point of view. Now, in other States, tho
j '■•xpohses arc largely in excess of tho receipts. In
| Virgin.'^, for instance, ^199,551 11: in Louisiana,
$523,514 50; nmrd than the fishing bounties have
, f ver amounted to in asingleyear, Ibeheve. Every
j' State south of Mason and Dixon's hne has re-
I' ceived annually a very large amount of money in
• excess of its postal receipts. But live States m
|! this Cmon—Massachusetts, Rhode island, Con-
' necticut, New York, and I\jmnylvam<i—pay
! then* own pos'al exn^nsc^, according to the re-
j torn^ of tho Post 01 Tico Department; while the
I Brafes,exccntthose which I have named, received,
|, m 1S51 ,from thonatic.nalTivasnry,^>2,643.581 37.
; That is a snug little sum of monev to be divided
