1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
550
among the States; and, instead of Massachusetts
receiving; her proportion, her people are taxed to
malfe this amount up.
The gentleman, in the speech to which I have
made particular reference, tliinka that great in-
justice is done to the beef and pork-packers. In
what manner, I beg to ask ? The fishermen fur-
nish sailors for the Navy; they furnish sailors
for the commercial marine. The pork and beef-
packers stay at home, and are satisfied with the
business of providing an article of food forthem,
upon which they get their profits. The one class
is necessary to the other. The one is more for-
tunately and more profitably employed than the
other. Let the matter be understood,and I ven-
ture to say that the pork and beef-packers will be
perfectly content to furnish the fishermen v/ith
their beef and pork without complaining of the
fishing bounties which, if regarded as a direct tax
upon the people of the United States, would trou-
ble each individual citizen to the amount of less
than three cents. It is a poor compliment to the
generosity and patriotism of the American peo-
ple, to suppose that they are burdened by their
acts of appreciation of the services of the'tisher-
men, when it costs each man, woman, and child
in the country less than three cents a year, if the
bounties were paid by direct taxation. And here,
as well as anywhere, I will say one word as to the
objection to the bounties on the ground that it is
unconstitutional to grant bounty.
There is a class of statesmen who argue that
there is no grant of power in the Constitution au-
thorizing Federal appropriations for any purpose.
That there is any specific power for granting
bounties, I do not pretend; but there is just as
good authority for paying bounties to fishermen
as there is for granting pensions, Indian appro-
priations, money for internal improvements, land
grants, or a hundred other things that are regu-
larly provided for by congressional legislation.
I will not consume time in my remarks upon this
point. The fishermen must,take their chance, so
far as the constitutionality of the bounty gla nt is
concerned. Great diversity of opinion exists
among constitutional lawyers, as to grants of
power under the Constitution. I lead for myself,
and so far as nice technicalities are concerned, I
g.hall not be troubled. The Constitution of the
United States was made for common people, in
my judgment; but if others think it was intended
only for lawyers to discuss and interpret, I have
nothing to say that will disturb that fraternity.
Such discussions, however, have raised the char-
ter of liberty above the people who sustain it.
If there is no grant of power justifying the pay-
ment of fishing bounties, 1 have not the power to
make it. At all events, the system is as old as
the Constitution itself; and upon that I place
my .trust. Professor Hare says there are more
than four hundred million solar systems floating
around outside of us. I will take his word for it
at present, rather than undertake to count them
myself. So long as the earth keeps a respectable
distance from the sun, I will take my chance of
being jostled off in the whirl among the lesser
lights.
The gentleman who lias undertaken the hercu-
lean task of convincing the people's Representa-
tives, and the people themselves, that the fishing
bounties are a nuisance and ought to be abated,
falls into many and grave errors. lie pleads for
the whale, the mackerel, and the herring fisher-
men: but he forgets, or does not know, that the
first are a most fortunate class of seamen, often
realizing great profits from then* voyages; and the
second are cod as well as mackerel fishers, and that
the last are not numerous as a distinctive class,
He foigets, too, that there are many of the heroes
ot 1812, who, though burdened by the weight of
yeais, and whose locks arc stained by the ocean
spray or whitened by their Uuee-score years and
ten, me yet to be found at their posts on board
these fishing vessels, not because nature with
them is so lenient, but because necessity knows
no law. Many such men are recipients of the
bounty, and I know them well, and have from
my youth up. They are good men, good neigh-
bors,good friends; themselves enduring sacrifices
made m their youth for the cause of the country.
I would not have their old hearts shnnk in view
of the ingratitude of the Government; when we
could most fittingly add greatly to our consider-
ation of their services. It is pleasant for us to
come here at meridian and sit in contfortable
chairs, and tread upon Brussels carp/ets; we
have elegapt accommodations,and altogether we
can make ourselves comfortable and happy, with
the aid of the civilities which everybody seems
ready to bestow upon us. We can gaze upon
marlSle statues, and wander through spacious
chambers, and we can take our §3,000 a year
with becoming fortitude and complacency; but in
the midst of all our tranquillity we should afford
one thought to the men who are to protect us
when our rights and privileges are invaded.
The speech of the Senator to which I have
mainly referred in my remarks, compares the
whale fishermen as seamen to the bay fishermen,
giving the former the benefit of his sympathies.
The whale fisherman is a whale fishermatvand not
much more than that at any time. If he is long
on board ship, he is a tolerable sailor;- but he is
always a better whaler than a sailor. A whale
ship has three masts, to be sure, and is square-
rigged; but whaling vessels are not always square-
rigged, nor have they always three masts. There
are very many fore and aft schooners engaged in
catching whales in the Atlantic ocean. And all
three-masted vessels are not ships, nautically clas-
I sifying them. There are three-masted schooners.
And ah two-masted vessels are not schooners.
There are hermaphrodite brigs and brigantines
and barks with three masts, and top-sail schooners
sonearabrig in their ri? that a man must be con-
siderable of a sailor to distinguish the difference.
And all shins have not twenty-odd sails rising one
above another; and,although I am neither acod-
fisherman nor a sailor, I can tell the bounty-re-
pealing gentleman something about vessels that
1 learned from the fishermen when I was a boy.
There is not a boy in a fishing vessel on all the
New England waters, that would notlaugh at you
if you should question Ins knowledge of the rig of
any sailing vessel that floats upon the ocean. Little
boys of nine and ten years, in fishing towns, are
daily to be seen climbing about upon the masts of
the square-rigged vessels that happen to be lying in
the port where thoy live. When a boy oragreen
hand goes on board a ship, intending to become
a sailor or to go on a voyage to sea, he is never
asked if he can go aloft, or if he has been aloft,
but he is ordered by the mate to go, and he does
not hesitate. He is not ordered to the top-sail-
yard, but to the royal-yard, and, if need be, to the
sky-sail mast-head and there performs his work.
That is a boy's business in large ships, ar.d
whether it blows a fale of wind or only threatens,
he must go when and where he is ordered. A
fisherman would understand the ropes in asquare-
riffired vessel the moment he set his foot on boaid
a ship,and any master in Christendom would feel
proud as well as sale m command of a crew of
such men. 1 have said that there is a difierence
between the rig of a ship and of a schooner; but
the fisherman wili not need instruction about that
or get jtfroin any one in either branch of Con-
gress, I will guarantee. The old Constitution won
great fame in the last war; but it was not her tim-
ber-heads, nor her planks, nor spars, nor sails,
nor rigging, that gave her her great renown; nor
was it the common faith ihat she could do much
without a ciew. It was two hundred and forty
Marblehead fi3hermen and an almost equal num-
ber of Jsi-wLuryoort and Gloucester ii-shermen
that mad? h.-r name historical.
But, Mr. Chairman, it has been said in another
place, upon the authority of naval officers, that
" all the advantage that a cod-fishcrman has over
a mere land-lubber is in having learned to rough
it, to walk the deck, and escape sea sickness,"
and that tiiey would rather take a raw recruit who
had learned nothing than take a cod-fishcrman
whom they would have to unlearn before they
could teach him. Tins is an opinion of the Jack
Dunsby stylo, I think. I do not desire to know
who the officers were who gave such an opinion,
but I must regard them m the light of the Barna-
bas Binnacles and John Junks of the service, al-
togetheramcizmgly nautical people, no doubt; but
m the business of the sailor, the fishermen know
more than they can ever learn. I may have seen
such officers, but if I have, I will be bound that
my attention has been attracted by their grace of
motion they whirled tluough some fashionable
crowd to the dubet strains of the polka redowa;
they are of the stripe that are sometimes seen at
the head of the management of a rural picnic or
ladies'* tea-party, or, perchance, employed on
board a Government ship in carrying1 pleasure
parties around our harbors in the summer season;
out I dare say that their ears have never jb>eeit
frost-bitten, nor their hands much damaged-by
hard service in the Hne'of their duty. It would
be grossly unj List to hold the many gallant officers
of the Navy responsible for the opinions of these
nautical paragons, and I would be the last man to
do it. I only say that there are no land-lubbers
among our fishermen. We can,however, find'a
specimen or two without going far beyond the
pay-roll of our naval officers. At this moment of
time there are a hundred vessels engaged in fish-
ing on George's Bank, from the town of Glouces-
ter alone. St is the most dangerous spot in the
winter season on our whole Atlantic, ocean. No
shipmaster dare go there from choice. None but
the bravest mariner will go. I should like to have
a few of the fancy officers of the Navy try a sea-
son in that locality side by side with the-fisher-
men . If one of them should catch a halibut'dr a cod
or two, he would, for once in his life, do some ser-
vice to the race, if he did not satisfy himself fully
that "the catching of cod is a very momentous
concern," and that the fishermen are tolerable
sailors after all.
But the fisheries have increased under the
bounty system, while the salt duty has been re-
duced greatly, and hence the bounty tax has be-
come more onerous, says the gentleman. It is
true that the fisheries have increased;notgreatly,
but to some extent. That is what we give the
bounty for; and it is no argument against the
system at all. The fisheries of Massachusetts
have increased very considerably, and who ob-
jects to that? Surely not the farmers of the West. -
If we are rendered better able to purchase and
pay for your produce, you are benefited as much
as we are. Besides, you want the Army to pro-
tect your frontiers. We, in Massachusetts, do
not need- an army at all. We can regulate and
pay the expenses of all our municipal affairs.
We can buy our own garden seeds, and print our
own agricultural books. We gladly contiibute
our votes and influence towards apnropriating
money to defend you, if you need defense. Up-
wards of $17,000,000 was asked for to support
the Army for the current fiscal year. Not a sol-
dier is quartered within our borders. Hardly'an
officer of any grade comes from our State; they
are scattered over the old State* generally; but
you will find them mainly in Virginia and the
South, as will be jseen if we examine the Navy
and Army Registers.
Why should we not complain of this vast ex-
penditure (or the support of a branch of the ser-
vice m which wo have no peculiar or local inter-
est? Look, too, at the Hat of naval officers of
the United States. Virginia has orite hundred
and eighteen officers of the rank of captain, com-
mander, and lieutenant, I think, while Virginia has
no sailors that can be counted.' Massachusetts,
with a population quite equal to that of Virginia,
has only thirty officers of the same grades, and
she furnishes almost all thcsailois. South Caro-
lina has twenty-throe officeis of the same grades,
and not many sailors that 1 know of. Is this not
sectional? Massachusetts, with a population of a
million and a half, has only thirty officers of the
three highest grades m the Navy of the United
States. Look at your Indian anpropi iation bill
; of nearly $3,000,000. What have we in Massa-
; chusetts to do with the Indian tribes, except as
i a national question. We have not a dangerous
I Indian m our State. Yet we do not complain of
• any of these things, it is no hardship for New
j England men to be national m every respect.
| Now, there is a disposition to increase the pay
, of the officers of the Navy. I, sir, have given as
1 liberal votes as any manin this House, and I may
i be very willing to vote lo increase the pay of the
officers of the Navy; but you cannot have my
vote for that purpose, nor can you reasonably
expect the votes of New England Representatives
in favor of increasing the pay of naval officers,
(most of whom are residents of Vtunma and the
tfouth,) to the amount of §£35,000 annually, when
1 at the same time you propose to tako u -portion of
j that amount away from the fi hcrinen of Massa-
; chusetts, Maine,and New Ki.gu.nd generally. If
you do this, I shall begin to feel something of the
j torce of your sectional prociiviues and arguments
i which I have not felt hitherto. The officers O?
