THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
OREGON WAR DEBT.
Mr. LANE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce resolutions calling for
information that I want, and which the Senate
will need at the beginning of the next session.
It will not take a moment to dispose of them.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to* consider the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municatc to the Senate, at the commencement of the next
Congress, the cost of moving to, maintaining in, and with-
drawing from, Oregon, t|)e rifle regiment, with a detailed
list of property of ail descriptions abandoned, lost, and con-
demned as unfit for service, with the cost, in detail and in
the aggregate, of all such articles, and the prices, in detail
and m the aggregate, which suoh as were offered for sale
brought.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate a detailed statement of provisions
and clothing issued to distressed families, whether emi-
grants or others, and to Indians, from the Army supplies,
from 1849, down to the present time ; and also the co«t of
supplies and of transportation of supplies, for troops while
on duty at Port Lane, m southern Oregon, and of the cost
of transportation of supplies for regular troops while oper-
ating against the Indians in the southern portion of Oregon,
or while m the field in other portions of Oregon, or operat-
ing in the field in Washington ; and the price of men, horses,
mules, ami oxen, in the service of quartermasters.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate the following information in rela-
tion to the expenses of the late Indian war in Oregon and
Washington:
J, A statement of all subsistence and clothing purchased
for each Territory, with the amount of each artiele and the
prices,"both in detail andm the aggregate, as per awards by
the commission appointed under the act of Congress ap-
proved August 18, J856,to ascertain and icport the expenses
necessarily incurred m suppressing Indian hostilities 111 the
late Indian warm Oregon and Washington, by the territo-
rial governments of said Temtories.
2. A statement of the amount and cost, per awards of
said commission, of subsistence and clothing sold during
and at the close of the war, with the amount brought at
sale.
3. The amount and cost, as per awards of the said com-
mission, of subsistence and clothing issued to volunteers,
quariermasiers, employes, distressed families. Indians, and
others, as well as the amount and cost of subsistence and
clothing lost or abandoned in service.
4. The amount in detail and the cost, as per awards of
said commission, of animals, wagons, and nil other means
of transportation, with the amount and value in detail of
all sales.
5. The average amount and value, as per awards of com-
mission, of clothing issued to each man in service.
6. The amount and value, as per awards of the commis-
sion, of the rations-issued to each man, ami quartermaster's
employ*, and the amount and value of the same issued to
distressed families and to Indians.
The resolutions were adopted.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
lVJr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inquire, through Urn superintendent of Indian affairs in
the State of California, into the depredations committed
by the Indians upon eiuaeiu of Iluue county, California,
during the year
DEFENSE OF TEXAS.
Mr. WARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be instructed to inquire :
1. Into the annual expense incident on frontier defense
for the State ol Texas; and
2. Into the expediency of allowing to the State of T<\\as
a ceifain 'sum of money, not exceeding the average annual
e.xpense heretofore paid by the Government, upon condi-
tion that the State of Texas will undertake to piovide ex-
clusively lor hei own deiense.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating the report of Lieutenant Craven of his
surveys for a ship canal between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, by the Atrato and Truando rivers;
which, on motion of Mr. Fitcii, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the trade
between the United States and the Island of Cuba,
during the last five years; which, on motion of
Mr. b itch, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. No, 66) authorizing the Post-
master General to adjust the accounts of Peay &
Ayliff, forcarrying the United States mail on route
No. 7503, in the State of Arkansas, reported it
without amendment
GEORGE B. BACON.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up a private bill, which I am sure will
lead to no debate. It is nota matter of great pub-
lic importance, I agree, but it is of considerable
importance to a young man, a constituent of
mine. It is a bill (S. No. 454) for the.relief of
George B. Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-
of-war Portsmouth. I can state in a word what
the bill is.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to know whether that
is a Senate bill or a House bill.
Mr. FOSTER. It is a Senate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the bill
(S. No. 454) for the relief of George B. Bacon, late
acting purser of the sioop-of-war Portsmouth.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not wish to interfere
with the motion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, but I will suggest to the Senate whether it is
useful to spend our time in passing bills originat-
ing in the Senate? At this late stage of the ses-
sion it would be impossible for them to go through
the House of Representatives. It would be bet-
ter to take up bills which have come from the
House, and which, if they receive our sanction,
may become laws. But if we take up a Senate
bill, it stands about as much chance of becoming
a law as it does to get through the Parliament of
the Celestial empire, if there be such a place.
Mr. FOSTER. If it takes any time, or causes
any debate, I will not press it. It has but a sin-
gle principle in it; and when it is read, I do not
suppose that any Senator could object to it.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to remark, that lam
satisfied, from what I know, that no private bill
from this momentof time, will be approved during
this session.
Mr. FOSTER. It will do no harm, then, even
if we pass a bad bill, if it is not signed.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed to.
RAILROAD ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr;. BAYARD. Mr. President, I submitted,
on the 9th of February, a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate rejected the bill (H.
R. No. 541) in relation to a railway along Penn-
sylvania avenue, in Washington city. I now ask
the Senate to take up that motion to reconsider,
and act upon it.
Mr. MASON. I hope not. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. 1 think, at this period of the
session, when we should be considering bills in-
volving legislation without which the Govern-
ment cannot be carried on, to take up a bill of this
character, so unimportant, and which will lead to
the debate to which this must lead, would bring
us to a doubtful position before the country. 1
hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. BAYARD. We have none of those bills
to which the Senator alluded before us now. Mo-
tions are being made to take up private bills, and
1 do not see any reason why this, which certainly
is public in its character, and a great convenience,
should not be taken up and disposed of. The
honorable Senator from Virginia, with a view
merely to defeat it, may desire to debate it; but I
am willing to submit to the sense of the Senate,
whether they will pass it in the shape in which
it was adopted in committee, or whether they
choose to reconsider that action and pass it in the
shape in which it came from the House; I care
not which. I want the road made,and I am will-
ing to vote upon it without further discussion.
Certainly it was thoroughly discussed at former
sessions of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Delaware to take
up the motion to reconsider the vote respecting
the bill (H. R.No. 541) in relation to a railway
along Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington city.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Uayaid, Ciglei, Bright, Broderick, Brown,
Cameron, Chandler, Ciingnuiri, Doohttle, Durkee, Fes-sen -
j den, Foster, Hale. Harlan, iverson. Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedv, King. Sewaid, Simmons, Smith, Tiumbull, and
| VViNon— 23. '
; NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Chesnut, Clay, Crit-
i[ tenden, Dixon, Green, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Lane, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Pugh.
ltetd,-Riee, Sebastian, Stuait, Toombs, Wade, Ward, and
Yulee—25.
So (at twelve o'clock* p. m.) the motion was
not agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF NEW SENATORS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr, President, I desire
to offer a joint resolution as a substitute for the
one I offered some days ago. I have the right, I
presume, to modify it as I choose, no question
having been made upon it.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have but a word to
say, and then I shall submit it to the Senate.
Those g$«tlemen attended here during the periods
for whieirthat resolution proposes to allow them
compensation. The members from Minnesota
were admitted during the last session of Congress;
the members from Oregon during the present
session of Congress. Congress has ultimately
determined that they were entitled to their seats
from the session at which they were permitted
to take them. They have incurred all the expense
of attending here that they would have incurred
if they had been members of the body. With
this explanation, I submit the resolution to the
judgment of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Secretary will read the resolution a
second time.
Mr. HALE. Does it come from any com-
mittee ?
The.VICE PRESIDENT. It is a joint reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
which has been read once, and can only be passed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be read a second
time, and must he over.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I do not offer it now.
I call up the resolution which 1 offered some days
ago, and modify it in this shape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
pardon of the Senator from Kentucky. He
thought it was an original resolution. Then the
question is on the motion, of the Senator from
Kentucky to take up the following resolution,
which the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A joint resolution (S. No. 86) in relation to the compensa-
tion of cSenarors and Representatives in Congress, elected
honi the new States :
Be \t resolved, That Senators and Representatives
who have been, or may hereafter ho, elected as such from
any new states, not at ttic tune admitted into the Union,
hetorethe commencement of the session of Congress dur-
ing winch season said State is admitted into the Union,
then their compensation s-liall be the same to which they
would be entitled if the said State wcie admitted the first
day of the s«*s5^ion : Provided, That the resolution shall
have no further letrospeetiverelation or cffectthan to Sen-
ators and Representatives elected to the present Congress;
nor shall such Senators receive anything under this resolu-
tion for any period of time for which they were entitled to
compensation as members of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I propose to modify it
by staking out all after the resolving clause and
insetting the substitute which I now offer:
That the Senators and Representatives, elected to Con-
gre*s trom the new States that have been admitted into the
Union since the commencement of the present Congress,
shall be entitled, respectively, to compensation as such,
from the beginning ot the se^ion at which they were, re-
spectively, admitted to their seats: Provided, That no one
who was serving as a Delegate in Congress, shall receive
any compensation in virtue of tins re&olution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third leading.
Mr. IVERSON. Will it go over on objection?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
having received its second reading to-day, can
only receive its third reading by general consent.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not object myself, and
I do not hear any objection.
The joint resolution was read a third time and
passed.
MARY B. DUSENBERY.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill H. R. No. 364.
Mr. CLAY. What is it for?
Mr. KENNEDY. Il is a bill for the relief of
Mrs. Mary B. Dusenbcry. It is a bill which has
passed the other House.
Mr. CLAY. I was going to move to take up
a bill which concerns the public health and admits
of no delay,-and I "think itought'to be taken up*
It is the bill providing for the removal of the
