560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
the Navy are pretty well paid already. The pay
of a lieutenant would support half a dozcft fisher-
men and their families in affluence, and there is
no comparison to be made as to the necessities
and labors of the two classes. The one is en-
rolled in the service, to be sure; but it costs the
Government all the more for that. His salary is
constantly running on. A naval officer has little
else to do but to enjoy and make himself agree-
able. He has some troubles; but so far as I
"have observed, they are chiefly consequent upon
his ambition for promotion and desire for higher
pay. He can resign his commission at pleasure.
He is as independent and leisurely as the Gov'
ernment is capable of making him. The fisher-
man is not in the regular service, I know, and is
much more valuable for that. It costs the Gov-
ernment little or nothing to keep him alive. In
time of peace he is not sporting on his dignity or
inssalary. He is at sea, helping to enrich the coun-
try by his labor, and earning his living every day.
1 have said that there are one hundred vessels
on George's Bank at this time. Those vessels
are fishing for cod and halibut, and carry one
thousand men. The Government gives each of
these men eighteen dollars a year, or thereabouts.
A full captain gets $4,500 a year for sea duty,
and $3,500 for waiting orders. You pay him for
brains; but if you want muscle for a sea fight,
you expect to get it for about fifteen dollars a
month during the period of danger and hardship,
and then let the fishermen and sailor run for luck.
And so far as the history of the Government af-
fordsevidence,you have found the fishermen ready
for the service; and many of them are better sail-
ors actually to-day, and possess as much native
ability, as the officers who command them. If you
think the fishermen would notenlist on board your
ships-of-war if you needed tliem, you doubt the
truth of history. If you say that they are riot
bound by any agreement to do it, I say there ex-
ists no necessity for their being so bound. They
would he no more likely to stand back and look
on in case of war than your officers would be to
resign their commissions, which they have a clear
right to do if they choose. The fishermen would
flood the decks of your ships, and would ask au-
thority of the Government to fight on their own
account, if you had no ships for them. They
have done so heretofore, and that is the reason
why I have faith to believe they would be as ready
again. I have heard them talk, 1 have spent
my 'life in their midst.
Mr. Chairman, it is as clear a proposition as
anything can be, that we shall have no further use
for an army, so far as the defense of our borders
from an invading force is concerned—not much,
at any rate—in ease of war with a foreign Power.
Our future wars, if we have any at all, must be
maritime altogether. We have plenty of citizen
soldiery for any emergency that may arise; but
where are your American sailors, I beg to ask?
In 1857, only ei^ht thousand one hundred and
nine seamen were registered under the law of
1796. This is a startling fact. In the commer-
cial marine, you find one hundred and fifty thou-
sand sailors, nearly all foreigners from every quar-
ter of the globe. In seventeen years, we have, of
nntiveand naturalized citizens,registered one hun-
dred and fifty-three thousand eight hundred and
ninety men. In 1841, we had nine thousand and
fifteen registered. Of the seven thousand eight
bundled and eighty-nine native seamen registered :
last year, four thousand one hundred and seventy- j
four were Massachusetts men, and one thousand i
three hundred and two were Maine men. These '
am from the fishing districts. The great com- ]
mercial metropolis of New York registered but;
six hundred and forty-five, only thirty-eight more j
than Pennsylvania, whiclns not considered a greatI
maritime State. The remainder of the number j
was scattered among the Atlantic States. Here j
we see that the number of seamen registered last I
year under the law of 1796, is really less than that !
of 1841, as, indeed, it is less than that of many [
years since 1810; and while our commerce has
increased in the same time fourfold, we may well
pause and consider if it is a good time to strike
tiio blow that is aimed at the fishermen.' In 1841,
we added 118,893 71-95 to the tonnage of the
country; in 1851, a period of ten years after,
21)8,203 60-95 tons; in 1854, 534,616 tons, the in-
termediate years showing a steady increase; and
in 1855, 598,450 tons. Last year we added less
to our tonnage; but we know that this was con-
sequent* pon the revulsion in all branches of busi-
ness throughout the country, the commercial
particularly. Taking into consideration the won-
derful increase in American tonnage, in connec-
tion with the fact that we register fewer seamen
now than we did ten or fifteen years ago, it will,
perhaps, bring us to a proper sense of apprecia-
tion in regard to the fishing interest, and all other
interests which are calculated to add to the num-
ber of our seamen.
Now, I appeal to any man of nautical experience
to say if the fact that we are filling our ships with
foreign seamen, who supply the places of those
who have died outof one hundred and fifty thou-
sand registered in the last seventeen years, is not
a little startling in view of our necessities both in
the commercial aui] national marine service. I tell
you, gentlemen, that if it seems inconsistent to
pay bounty to fishermen and not to sailors, as has
been suggested, instead of,doing less than you
now do to encourage this class, it would be wise
to increase your bounty or allowance and give it
to the sailors employed in the commercial murine,
rather than take away the benefit which now ac-
ci ues the Government from the bounty system.
Years are consumed in training up the hardy sea-
faring man. W e educate a sailor for about twelve
dollars a year under the bounty system. It costs
us more than eighthundred dollars a year to edu-
cate a sailor at the Naval School at Annapolis.
Nowhere on this round earth can we find such
iron men as the great body of American fisher-
men are; and where is there more patriotism and
general intelligence diffused among the masses
than amongst this class of our citizens? Abuses
exist in the fishing business, and wrong-doers are
found among the fishermen as everywhere else;
but I speak of them generally and, I believe, truly.
Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to go into this
fishing question very deeply at this time. I have
no idea that any man who reflects will at present
■ vote to strike a blow at the fishing interests.
I When the reciprocity treaty was ratified, tiie Gov-
■ ernment injured the fishermen m some respects
and benefited them in others. They can now fish
as near to tile shore as they choose. Before, they
were prohibited from approaching nearer than,
three marine miles. But it is hard to compete with
the tree impoi tation of fish from the British Prov-
inces. Our vessels are expensive. The long voy-
ages from our shores to the fishing ground render
it necessary that wo should have good vessels.
We have to compete with the cheap mode of liv-
ing and carrying on the fisheries in the Bay of St.
Lawrence by British fishermen. Mr. Marcy,
when Secretary of State, said distinctly, that the
bounties paid to our fishermen would, m a meas-
ure, make up for the disadvantages acciuing to
then] ftoui the lecipiocity treaty. Take away the
bounty and you will most serious!v damage a
most important branch of commercial and indus-
trial enterprise.
My views in this regard, were submitted in
brief in the last Congress. I will not renew the
expression of them now. One word on this sec-
tional feeling which is appealed to by the friends
of repeal—1 scout it; I hate it most heartily; I
never gave a sectional vote in my life. I have
my views respecting questions of grave import
often consideied here, and I sustain them by my
vote. I would always do it conic weal or woe.
It is my duty to my constituents, and I do it with
the full approval of my deliberate judgment upon
all occasions. But upon general subjects of legis-
lation, I see no reason why I should not give a
hundred votes, if I had them, to benefit Alabama,
or South Carolina, as readily as I would give
them to benefit my own State. While 1 live under
the common Constitution of the Confederacy, I
shall stand by the interests of all the States.
Such has been my course since I have been a
member of this House, and will be to the end of
my official term. And long after I shall have quit
this place, I trust I shall be animated by the same !
desire for the common good of the people North |
or South, East or West, and no sentiment of:
mine would more justly represent the people.who
sent me here, than that which I have here and
now avowed.
OUR FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Chairman, the country hag
great cause of congratulation, sir, that the fretful
elements of domestic discord do'not now disturb
us. Issues which aforetime thrilled and ani-
mated the public mind, seem, at least for a season,
now to slumber. Kansas, for once, is quiet. I
am gratified that the interesting- and complicated
questions of a foreign character, can now justly
claim theconsider&tion of the American Congress.
Never did it seem to me that the matters which
pertain to our foreign policy more peculiarly press
themselves upon the attention of the representa-
tives of the American people, than now. Great
interests are at stake. In my judgment those in-
terests are jeopardized. It behooves us, as sen-
tinels upon the watch-tower, to look to it well
that they be not sacrificed. Much has been said
upon these questions, and but little done; the time
for action has come. No stand-still policy suits
our people. It is not adapted to their destiny.
They are a progressive people, and demand a pro-
gressive policy.
Look, sir, a moment to our present surround-
ings. Upon our north, the border dominions of
Britain frown upon us forever,peacefully,quietly,
to be sure, and quite as neighborly, too, as some of
our own northern sister States. Cast your eyes to
the south; how stands the case there ? Does the
American patriot see no cause of apprehension
lest foreign intervention may build about us in
those regions walls which will shadow our des-
tiny? Mexico, that land so blessed by all the
bounteous gifts of a prodigal nature, is rent and
torn by annual revolutions, now in the midst of
one threatening the downfall of her nationality,
rival nnhtaiy chiefs contending for military mas-
tery, with no positive Government of any kind,
the opposing factions holding forcible possession
of different States of the Republic The Presi-
dent tells us in his recent message that—
" No American citizen can now viMt JTcxieo on lawful
business, witliout imminent danger to Ins peuon and prop-
el ty. Tileie is no adequate pioteetion to either; am] in tills
l'^pcct uui treaty ivuli that EepubUe is almost a dead let-
ter "
Our political relations between that Government
and this are suspended, whilst England, France,
and Spain are all openly intervening with her do-
mestic interests; with no ability to pay her debts,
and no Government against which to enforce
them, insomuch that the President recommends,
as a final resort, a protectorate over a portion of
her territory, a3 a means to enforce our lights
and redress our wrongs. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] has thrown a flood of light upon the
condition of that country. I listened with pro-
found inteiest to his very interesting speech the
other day.
But, sir, far above and beyond our interests
with demoralized and dismembered Mexico,great
as 1 acknowledge them to be, stand the questions
of our relations with Cuba and the Central Amer-
ican States. They form, now, in my judgment,
the foremost questions for the consideration of
American statesmen. I cannot hope, sir, in what
little I propose to say upon these topics, to be
able to awaken any new interest, or to shed upon
them any new light; and my apology for doing
so is that I feel, concerning them, such deep so-
licitude.
And first,as to Cuba. There she sits, enthroned
in the sea, a most lovely island, justly called the
" Queen of the Antilles," almost in sight of our
own shores; in length, some six hundred and
fifty miles; in breadth, averaging some sixty or
seventy; with an area of some thirty-five thou-
sand square miles—more than three fourths as
large as the sovereign State of Tennessee. Look,
for a moment, to her commerce. For the year
1851, her exports amounted to over thirty-one
million dollars; her imports, over thirty-two mil-
lions. The value of imports into Cuba, from the
United States, in 1851, was over six millions,
nearly all of which was in American bottoms.
The exports to all the Spanish dominions was
over thirteen millions. The exports to the United
States was over seventeen millions; a greater
amount than was received from any other coun-
try, save England and France. The trade between
the United States and Cuba, in 1852, amounted to
over six and a half millions imports, and nearly
eighteen millions exports; and, in 1853, about the
same. In 1850, the number of slaves in Cuba,
according to the census returns, was over four
hundred and thirty-six thousand. The value of
her agricultural productions amounted to nearly
