THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,. D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2G, 1859.
New Series No.3fi.
sixty millions. These facts faintly give some
idea of the varied resources of the country, her
trowing commercial importance, the mutual trade
etween us, the great commercial relationship we
sustain towards each other. It is unnecessary,
however, to elaborate these items of resource, of
a commercial character, as they have been so
elaborately and eloquently interwoven into this
debate by my distinguished friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt.] '
Sir, the acquisition of Cuba is no new question.
Long ago it engaged the consideration of the first
statesmen of the age; at a time, too, when its
necessity was not half as pressing as now. Mr.
Jefferson, in 1823, in writing to Mr. Monroe,
then President, in the following strong language
favored it:
" I candidly confess I have ever looked on Cuba as the
most interesting addition which could ever be made to our
system of States. The control which, with the Florida
point, this island would give us over the Gulf of Mexico,
and the countries and isthmus bordering on it, as well as
those waters which flow into it, would fill up the measure
of our political well-being."
Mr. Adams, in the same year, as Secretary of
State, said:
" Cuba's commanding position, with reference to the
Gulf of Mexico, and the West Indies, &c., gives it an iin-*
portanee in the sum of our national interests with which
that of no other foreign territory can be compared."
Mr. Everett, in 1852, while Secretary of State,
in his reply to the French Minister, in opposi-
tion to the proposed convention between England
and France and the United States, to commit us
against its acquisition, clearly looked forward to
its accomplishment.
President Buchanan, some years since, when
he graced the floor of the American Senate,
warmly advocated it, and, I am proud to say, as
shown by his recent message to Congress, has
not relaxed in his ardent desire to consummate
this great and vital measure. In this connection
he says:
" The Island of Cuba, from its geographical position, com-
mands the moutli of the Mississippi, and the immense and
annually meieasmg trade, foreign and coastwise, tiom the
valley of that noble liver, now embracing half the sovereign
States of the Union. With that island under the dominion
of a distant foreign Power, this trade, of vital importance to
these States, is exposed to the danger of being destroyed in
time of war, and it has hitherto been subjected to perpetual
injury and annovauce in time of peace." * * *
"The publicity which has been given toourformer nego-
tiations upon this subject, and the large appropriation which
may be required to effect the purpose, render it expedient,
before making another attempt to renew the negotiation,
that I should lay the whole subject before Congress. I his is
especially necessaiy, as it may become indispensable to suc-
cess, that I should be intrusted with the means of making
an advance to the Spanish Government immediately alter
the stoning of the treaty, without awaiting the ratification
of it by the Senate. I am encouraged to make tins sugges-
tion bv the example of Mr. Jefferson previous to the pur-
chase'of Louisiana from France, and by that of Mr. 1 oik ill
view of the acquisition of territory from Mexico. I reier the
whole subject to Congress, and commend it to their caretul
consideration."
Sir, I heartily concur with the President upon
these points. I think that Congress should, at
this session, respond heartily and cordially to
these recommendations. I,for one, am prepared
to stand by him, and sustain him in every hon-
orable way to accomplish this measure. I am de-
sirous that no impediment shall be thrown in the
pathway of a speedy negotiation. That every
facility shall be afforded to further its accom-
plishment. And, sir, when all just and reason-
able propositions shall have failed, when every
just overture shall have been spurned upon the
part of Spain, I am prepared to go as far as the
furthest m any honorable policy looking to its
accomplishment in some other manner.
Paramount to every other reason which may
be urged in favor of the acquisition ot Cuba,
stands the great question of its necessity as a
means of national defense. That necessity, sir,
which is recognized by the wisest expounders of
international law, as justifying nations as well as
individuals.
Did Cuba bring with her no commerce; had she
no resources, no soil, no climate, no productions;
■were she a wild, barren waste upon the waters,
her geographical position would still decree that
36
she should be part and parcel of this Govern-
ment. She commands the ingress and egress to
the Gulf of Mexico. She is the key to our whole
southern commerce, vast as it is. This subject
has grown in magnitude and importance with the
spread and growth of the great South and West.
The rapid settlement of the great valley of the
Mississippi, with her many .and mighty tributa-
ries, press upon our consideration its paramount
importance. What a boundless commerce is
borne upon the bosom of the great father of floods,
every box, every bale, every pound of which
is wafted by the white-winged messengers^ of
commerce under the very port-holes of foreign
fortifications, withirt the range of foreign, and
may be hostile, guns! Is it not, then, a matter of
national necessity that she should be ours? In
the hands of an avowed enemy, what havoc could
she not make of our commerce—the rich pro-
ductions of every State bordering on the Gfttlf and
the Mississippi, and her tributaries comprising
half this Confederacy, and to which States alone
belong the production of the great staple of the
world, placed at the mercy of a hostile Power?
Sir, put any one of the enlightened principal-
ities of Europe—Great Britain, France, Russia,
or any of them—in the same relative position to-
wards Cuba which this Government sustains, and
Cuba would have long since ceased to be a prov-
ince of Spain. She would long ago have been
subjugated to the commercial and political inter-
ests of that country to which she was thus con-
tiguous.
Nations as well as individuals are allowed, by
the'wisest writers on international law, to adopt
measures of self-preservation, to provide for their
own safety against danger, remote as well as im-
mediate. You will find this doctrine clearly laid
down by that most conservative and able jurist,
Chancellor Kent, in volume one, page 23, of lus
Commentaries.
Thft doctrine, too, is plainly recognized m the
celebrated paper known as theOstend manifesto,
promulged by Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Mason, and
Mr. Soule, in 1854.
This is the language of that paper:
" But if Spam, dead to the voice of liei own interest, and ,
actuated by a stubborn pride and a false sense of honor,
should refuse to sell (Julia to the United States, then the i
great question will arise, what ought to be the course of I
tile American Government itndersuch ciicum«tances Sel - ]
preservation is the first law ol natuie, with State-. as well .
as with individuals. All nations have, at diffeient penods,
acted upon this punciple. Oui past history forbids that we |
should acquire the Island of Cuba without the consent ot
Spain, unless justified by the great law of self-preservation.
We must, m any event, preserve our own conscious recti-
tude and oui own self-respect Whilst pursuing this couise,
we can afford to disregard the censures of the world, to
which we have been so often and so unjustly exposed.
After we shall have offeied Spain a price for Cuba, tar be-
yond its present value, and this shall have been refused,
it will be tune to consider the que-tion,; does Cuba, in the
possession of Spain, seriously endanger our internal peace
and the existence of our cherished Union.' "
This, sir, is the doctrine enunciated by the
present enlightened Chief Magistrate of our Re- (
public, every word of which I indorsed and de- ;
fended upon every occasion where I had the honor j
to address my fellow-citizens. The great idea is ;
here boldly advanced, that nations as well as in- j
dividuals have the right to use such means as they i
may deem necessary for their own self-preseiva-
tion, and that it may not only be a present but a j
prospective danger. This doctrine, too, was tn- i
umpliantly vindicated by the American people in \
the election of James Buchanan to the Presidency
of the United States.
Why, sir, this notion of taking Cuba upon the
ground of self-preservation was by no means then
a new one. Enlightened statesmen thought seri-
ously on the subject more than forty years ago. |
So long ago as 1816. General Jesup, then a colo-
nel in the American Army, in a very able letter
written from New Orleans to Mr. Monroe, then
Secretary of State, (and who seemed to favor the
idea,) amongst other things uses the following
strong and significant language:
" From the situation in which our country is now placed
in relation to the great European Powers, policy, commer-
cial and political, as well as military, points out the neces-
sity of taking immediate possession of Cuba; and, from the
numerous aggressions, and the "uniform hostility of Spdtiri,
such ail act would not be inconsistent with the soundest
political morality. It is an act which may be justified by
every principle which governs the most upright nation. Tlie
Spaniards are "already the aggressors, and have been through-
out the whole period of our history since the peace of 178S.
The country in question is necessary to our defense, and in
the possession of Great. Britain, or any other maritime
Power, would be dangerous to our repose.
" Tlie people of this country are anxious for the event."
Sir, with what ten-fold force will not e.very
argument employed in this letter, more than forty-
years ago, now apply r
What, let me ask, are our relations with the
Spanish Government? What have these relations
ever been? Have we not been the subjectof contin-
ual wrongs and outragesever since we have been a
Government? Is Spain not perpetually perpetrat-
ing upon our people, our commerce, and our flag,
indignities which long since merited, and should
have met.ajustand righteous chastisement? What
now, sir, at this present time, are we told by the
President, are our relations with that most inso-
lent and tyrannical Power?
The President says in his message that—
" Spanish officials, under the direct control of the Cap-
tain General of Cuba, have insulted our national flag; and
in lepeated instances, have from tune to time inflicted in
juries on the persons and property of our citizens.  
J - * * * *■ * * * * * *
Even what had been denominated ' the Cuban claims,'
in which more than a hundred of our citizens arc directly
interested, have furnished no exception. These claims were
for the refunding of duties unjustly exacted from American
vessels at different custom-houses in Cuba, so long ago as
the year 1844. The principles upon which they rest are so
manifestly equitable and just, that after a period of nearly
ten years, in J 854, they were recognized by the Spanish
Government. Proceedings were afterwards instituted to as-
certain their amount, and this was finally fixed according
to their own statement (with which wo were satisfied) at
the sum of 3128,635 54. J list at the moment, after a lapse of
fourteen years, when we had reason to expect that this sum
would be repfiid, with inleiest.we have received a proposal
oft'erin" to refund one third of that amount, (842,878-11,)
bin without interest, if we would accept this in full satisfac-
tion. The offer is, also, accompanied by a declaration that
tills indemnification is not founded on any reason of strict
justice ; but is made as a special favor."
This, sir, is the official information coming to
us fiom the President, of the insult that is added
to injury, by the Spanish Government. Are out-
rage's like these to be tamely borne? Sir, have
these insults and injuries been redressed? Has
our national honor in these instances of indignity,
insult, and outrage,been vindicated? In no single
instance, but in the case ot the Black Warrior,
has any reparation been made. How are we
treated when appeal is made to the Captain Gen-
eral of Cuba ?
Why, sir, whilst he is a despot in his own domin-
ions, whilst he has the power to inflict unheard
of injury upon our people, our commerce, and
our flag, he has no power to redress. The Presi-
dent informs us that—
" Instead of making our complaints directly to him at Ha-
vana, we arc obliged to present them through the Minister
at Madnd. These aie then refened back to the Captain
General for information ; and much time is thus consumed
in incliminiirv investigations and correspondence between
Madud and Cuba, before the Spanish Government will
consent to proceed to negotiation. Many of the difficulties
between the two Governments would be obviated, and a
lo:,o- tram of negotiation avoided, if the Captain General
wnc invested with authority to settle questions of easy so-
lution on tlte spot, where ail the facts are fiesh, and emnd
ho promptly and saiidfactonty ascertained, we have nitn-
erto in vain urged upon the Spanish Government to couiei
lhi< powei upon the Captain General, and our Minister to
Spam will acrain be instructed to urge this subject on their
notice. In this respect, we occupy a diffeient position troni
the Powers of Europe. Cuba h almost wuiim sight of
our slioi f> : our commerce with it is far greater than that
of any other nation, including Spain itself, and our citizens
are m habits of daily ami extended personal intercourse
with every pait of the island, ltis, tlierefoie, a gieatgriev-
ance that, when any difficulty occurs, no mattei llow un-
impoitant, which might be readily settled at the moment,
we should lie obliged to resort to Madrid, especially when
the very first step to be taken there is to reter it back to
Cuba. . .
"The truth is that Cuba, m existing colonial condi-
tion. l* a constant source of mjuiy and annoyancc to the
American people "
This policy, in my, judgment, sir, is pursued
by Spain with cool and deliberate purpose. She
clothes her Captain G eneral of Cuba with all tyran-
