562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
nical power to harass and annoy, to injure and in-
sult, and yet withholds from him corresponding
authority to redress those wrongs. If this Cuban
colony be made an engine of oppression and
wrong, it should be r,lothod with the ability to
right those wrongs. We are told by the Presi-
dent that repeated efforts have been made on the
part of our Government to remedy this monstrous
evil, but of no avail.
bir, we are doubtless the most forbearing na-
tion upon earth. I am not so sure that we have
not had quite cause enough to warrant us in en-
forcing by the strong arm of power what we have
failed to accomplish by milder means. I am not
altogether certain but that the sentiment indicated
by my distinguished friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] in the resolution he offered to the
House the other day, is right; that it is time we
should take these matters into our own hands, and
if these manifold wrongs cannot be righted in any
other way, right them ourselves.
Well, sir, how do the people of Cuba stand af-
fected towards this question ? What is their feel-
ing? Take away the Government officers, the
pampered beneficiaries of ignoble place, the min-
ions of power, thevtools and slaves of tyranny;
take these away, and the great mass of the people
of Cuba look forward with delight to its accom-
plishment. Recent dispatches tell us that while
the Spaniards proper are aroused to some degree
of excitement at the message of the President, a
counter feeling of satisfaction pervades the Cuban
masses. This feeling of opposition, too, where
ever it exists, does not so much proceed from a
fixed hostility to the contemplated annexation of
Cuba to the united States, as from a national pride
peculiar to Castilian blood, that brooks not the
idea of being bought and sold. Sir, why should
the people, of Cuba not desire to change their al-
legiance? Do they not live under the most tyran-
ical Government upon earth ? Are they not ruled
with the iron rod of a military despot ? Arc they
not kept in servile subjection by the most power-
ful standing army in the world, according to pop-
ulation? JDoes not their ovciburdened taxation
p-o alone to swell and keep alive the pampered,
bloated, and tottering aristocracy of corrupt Spain ?
Do not all these facts argue trumpet-ton°;ued to
the people of Cuba themselves in favor of its an-
nexation, and that this their beautiful gem of the
ocean should soon add another star to our con-
stellation of States?
Sir, what other bold and true American senti-
ment do we find enunciated in the Ostend mani-
festo ? We find there this language:
"That, should the Cubans themselves organize an insur-
rection against the Spanish Government, ami should fuller
independent nations come to the aid ol Spain 111 the con-
test, no huinau power could, in our opinion, pievent Hie
people and Government 01'the United t^tatt s I'lom taking
pait m such a eivd war, in support of their mnghbois ami
U lends."
This, sir, I take to be the settled sentiment of
the country; for upon these declarations Mr.
Buchanan went before the country, and was tri-
umphantly elected President.
- A great truth is here enunciated. I know, sir,
and you know, and every honorable gentleman
upon this floor knows, that in such a contest in
Cuba as this, (and it is now seriously threat-
ened,) the great heart of the American people
would irresistibly beat responsive to their strug-
gle. We well know that strong American arms
would be uplifted all over the land to strike the
tyrants down, and liberate the oppressed.
" ljut, sir, are tlieie no legal barriers m the way?
Is theie not a wall of fire, through which these
bold soims v.ould ha\e to pass to accomplish their
noble puipose? How, t ask, could tins great,
this spontaneous heart-throb of the American
people, in a cause like this, have practical effect;
Stand there not upon the statute-books stern
laws imposing heavy penalties upon those who
are sv.'ayrd by these natural outbuists of Amer-
ican feeling r Are not now aimed fleets, both
British and American, crowding our waters and
searching our vessels to seize upon every sus-
pected violator of these laws? Sir, I have be-
stowed upon this subject much thought. And
with an eye steadily iixtd upon the rights, the
inteiests, the prosperity, the proud advancement
of my country, I must say if this construction
be given to the neutrality laws, and it be the
proper and correct construction;if it confer power
upon British as well as American armed vessels
to intercept and seize American emigrants, either
with or without arms, upon the high seas, then,
sir, I shall begin to think the illustrious and la-
mented Q,uitman was right in urging their repeal.
Who dare tell me that the immortal Crockett was
a lawless marauder, when, a martyr to Texan
liberty, at the Alamo he fell?
Sir, have not, in the fresh recollection of gen-
tlerrfen upon this floor, revolutions in neighbor-
ing States arisen; ay, in Cuba herself? And
have not the brave spirits, who sympathize with
the oppressed, under the forms and sanctions of
law, been hunted down upon the land and upon
the sea? Under tkese very forms of law, has not
the. body of a Governor of a sovereign State been
demanded—demanded, too, whilstin the discharge
of his executive duties, sitting in the very citadel
of State sovereignty, where her laws are executed,
and her government directed—laws, sir, which
the illustrious Clay said were the result of the
pernicious influence of foreign ministers over the
legislation of tRe country ? >3ir, it was one of the
noblest commentaries upon General Quitman's
life, that he chose to disrobe himself of the mighty
mantle which the people had imposed upon him,
and, resuming the place of a private citizen, sub-
mit to%n arrest, to avoid the shock that would
naturally be felt by this conflict between Federal
power and State sovereignty. In my judgment,
a heavier blow was never struck at southern
rights, southern interests, the advancement, the
fulfillment of our great American destiny, than
when Commodore Paulding perpetrated upon our
people his high-handed outrage under the pre-
text of these same forms of law. And, sir, I
want no better evidence of the truth of this dec-
laration, and of the correctness of the vote I gave
the other day upon the resolution of thanks to
Commodore Paulding, than that every solitary
Abolitionist and Republican voted for it, and
against censuring him.
"in closc connection with the Cuban question
stand our Central American relations and kindred
inteiests in the Gulf of Mexico. Although a little
more remote from us than Mexico or Cuba, yet
those Central American States stand in the direct
pathway to our possessions on the Pacific. It is
of the most vital interest to our people and to the
commerce of the world that this great thorough-
fare should be uninterrupted. This uninterrupt-
ed intercourse is now seriously threatened, if not
fatally impaired. We are informed by the Pres-
ident that the complications between Great Brit-
ain and the United Slates, arising out of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty of April, 1850, have not been
finally adjusted. This is much to be regretted;
for no act of Government policy or diplomacy
has so militated against the natural march of
American advancement as has this fatal treaty.
It should be abrogated by our Government. The
manacles with which it fetters the giant limbs of
American progress should be torn asunder. Eng-
land has already the advantage of us in those rich
and fertile regions of the South. By her diplo-
macy and policy she already claims control of
more than one third of Central America. I fear
she is now endeavoring to weave around us a still
closer net. After the very able and interesting
speech, the other day, of my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Jenkins,] nothing has been left me to say
upon this branch of my subject.
Sir, I do not like at all the prospect that is pre-
sented to us in our southern seas; The great mar-
itime Powers of Europe surely mean something
I by their manifest interference. In examining the
correspondence that has recently been communi-
cated to Congress on these subjects, what do we
find ? Why, sir, we had every reason to believe,
we had every official assurance, that this ques-
' tion, this very delicate question of the right of
search, was settled. But, sir, we see by this cor-
respondence that this search 011 the part of Bnt-
i ish men-of-war has been transferred from sup-
1 posed slavers to supposed filibusters. I look, sir,
upon tins as a far greater outrage upon the rights
of Ameucan citizens and the freed&m of-our flag
than has heretufoiebeen peipetiated. Permit me,
sir, for a moment to call your attention and the
attention of this House, and especially gentlemen
representing American interests, and a-proud con-
stituency, a little to the detail of this correspond-
! ence.
! In the note of Captain W. Cornwallis Aldham,
! of her Majesty's ship Valorous, to Commander
Mcintosh, of the American squadron, we find
this language:
" In reply, I must express my great regret that you should
consider the act of visiting an American merchant vessel
within this port, which is under the protection of Great
Britain, for the purpose of obtaining the information which
is usually required by all civilized nations from vessels en-
tering their harbors, or those under their protection, or in
any lriendiy port, in the same light as the delaying, board-
ing, and examining of an American vessel on the high seas
in search of slaves or pirates ; and I still more deeply regret
that my acting in accordance with established usages in
this respect should cause you to apprehend any such grave
danger as that to which you allude "
Sir, we have the declaration here boldly mada
by a British officer, by authority and under in-
structions from his Government, that this port was
under British protection. Sir, this was news to
the gallant Mcintosh, it is doubtless news to us,
that Great Britain had assumed the protectorate
and control of that port and those waters. Com-
mander Mcintosh, very justly and properly re-
pudiated, upon the part of his Government, the
idea, as being in direct contravention of the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty. Captain Aldham claims that
his visit to the Washington was only one of cour-
tesy, for the purpose of obtaining information re-
quired by all civilized nations from vessels enter-
ing their harbors. Let us see what was the
intention of this friendly, courteous visit for the
purpose of obtaining such information as was
usual amongst civilized nations. As it is short,
I will quote the whole letter of Captain Jarvis, of
the United States ship Savannah, to Commander
Mcintosh, on this subject:
United States ship Savannah,
San Juan del Norte, November 20, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor of informing you that, since I
wrote you this afternoon, I have the following information:
Two officers from one of the British ships in the harbor
boarded the YVashington within fifteen minutes after she
came to anchor, and asked Captain Churchill the following
questions: " Where from?" " How many passengers have
you?" "How many days out from New York?" "Did
you stop at any port on your way out ?"
These questions were answered ; they then wished to look
at his passenger list. Captain Churchill referred them to his
purser. On looking over the list, wlnchthey received from
the purser, they asked " How many passengers have you ?"
He answered by stating the number. "Are they all Amer-
icans ?" " No; they are of various nations." "Are they
armed ?" " Not any to my knowledge." " Did the Amer-
iean officers who boarded you examine your hold ?" "No."
Mr. King, the first mate, who was present at the interview,
remarked that if they (tlieoffieers) wished any information
on the subject, they might obtain it by applying to one of the
American ships-of-war in the harbor. They replied " that
their instructions were to obtain their information direct."
The above is ail the information I have received, and I
shall await your further instructions upon the subject.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH R. JAllVIS, Captain.
Flag Officer James Mc. McIntosh,
CummundeT-in-cliief Home Squadron.
Sir, is this not a most beautiful specimen of a visit
for the interchange of courtesies "for the purpose
of obtaining information only which is usually re-
quired among civilized nations ?" As well might
you class a band of armed soldiery as courteous
visitors, who would rudely intrude upon the pri-
vacy of your mansion, search your chambers, and
cateehise you as to whether your guests were gen-
tlemen or harbored and concealed outlaws. Bear
in mind, sir, this vessel had already been boarded
and searched by American officers, and these
British patrols of the sea knew it. But, sir, as
they said themselves, they were acting under in-
structions "to get their information direct." In-
structions from whom? Why, of course, from
their ownGovernment. Instructions to do what?
Why, sir, that they should not be satisfied with
any secondary evidence. But they must go on
board themselves, in person; search, examine, get
their information direct as to the character, mis-
sion, and private business' of American vessels
and American citizens.
What a state of facts, these, to go to prove a
social, friendly, courteous visit. When came
those harbors to be British harbors, or thoseprov-
inces under British protection?
What furtherdoes the British captain say about
boarding another American vessel, the Catharine
Maria ?
" Having received a notification from the authorities of
the Nicur<tguan and Costa Rican Governments that a hostile
loree had landed, or were about to land, m the river Colo-
rado, with a request that I would aid in picventm? it, I im-
mediately dispatched Captain Wainwnght m the Leopaid,
to a.-ccrtam ifsuch was the case.
kk Captain Wamwiiuht left this part late in the afternoon
of the ISth instant; and, it being dark, mistook the entrance
of the river, and anchoied two or three mile  to the south-
waidotit. At daylight he weighed and anchored off the
river, and in lus own boat, accompanied by two others*
