1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
correct.
Mr. PITCH. I move that it b«e laid on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, that motion can be made, business being
(low pending.
Mr. STUAHT. I hoj5e the Senate will not do
that; I do not consent to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Secre-
tary will continue the reading of the report on the
bill before the Senate. '
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to postpone the prior
oftiers and take up the new Post Office appropria-
tion biii.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a case now before
the Senate.
Mr. LANE. It will not take a minute to dis-
pose ofthis case.
•Mr. TOOMBS. I move to postpone the prior
orders and take up the Post Office appropriation
bill which has just been presented.
Mr. LANE. Is that motion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was no Sen-
ator on the floor, but the reading of the report was
going on. The motion is in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. My purpose is to object to the
second reading of the bill. I want to make short
business of it.
. Mr. FITCH. That ^tfas my object.
Mr. STUART, I wish to make a remark or
two on the motion of the Senator from Georgia
to postpone the prior orders and take up this bill,
anu I do not^o' it for the purpose of detaining the
Senate unnecessarily a moment. I confess, al-
though I shall not foci personally interested in it
hereafter, that I have some solicitude in regard
to the manner in which the Senate shall act upon
what I think to be a very important occasion. I
shall turn the attention of the Senate to the par-
liamentary law on the subject, and make only a
suggestion or two. I may, perhaps, be indulged
in saying 
Mr, fCiNGr. The Senator will excuse me. I
ask whether the prior orders have been post-
poned?
Mr. STUART. , I am speaking to the motion
to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan proposes to offer some remarks on the
motion to .postpone. There has been no inter-
ruption of the Senator yet; no question has been
raised upon him.
Mr. STUART. I shall be very brief.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope no irrelevant discus-
sion will be allowed, i object to the Senator going
further lh«n discussing this motion under the
strict rules of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to go
any further than that; and whenever the Chair
thinks 1 am out of order, I shall be very happy
to hear the suggestion, and to leave the subject.
I presume you can hardly find any gentleman here
who has less interest in it than 1 have; but I was
about to givi- some reasons why I shall vote for
the motion to lake up the bill, and I am not going
into discussion of the meriyjLof the bill; but I am
going to say what I think^ffcht to bo done with
jt, if the motion prevails.
Mr. IVERSON. I make a point of order. It
is not in order for a Senator to go into n discus-
sion as to what ought to be done with a bill be-
fore it is taken up. It is tune to do that when
the bill is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, in an-
swer to the point of order, will state that, under
the instruction of the Senate the other evening, he
will decide against debate upon the question in
regard to the priority of business.
Mr. STUART. I hope the question will be
put on taking up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the prior orders be postponed, with
a view to take up the House Post Odice appropri-
ation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
let the bill be read the first time ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir. The bill is up before
the Senate 5
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. STUART. Now, I suppose, I shall be en-
tirely in order in submitting what I propose to do*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill must be
read a first time before there can be any discus-
sion upon it.
Mr. STUART. I submit to the Chair that it
need not be read at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Well, the Chair
will hear the Senator.
Mr. STUART. I was only going to make a
suggestion that, on an occasion of this character,
when there is a dispute between the two Houses,
without any action upon the bill at all, the House
where the papers are—the Senate, on this occa-
sion—should appoint a committee of conference,
to meet a like committee on the part of the other
House, in order that they may amicably adjust
the question of difference which exists between
them; and I was going to read a little from the
parliamentary law on this subject. 1 read from
Jefferson's Manual:
" It is on the occasion of amendments between the Houses
that conferences are usually asked; but they may be asked
in all cases of difference of opinion between the two Houses
on matters depending between them. The request of a con-
ference, however, must always be by the House which-is
possessed of the papers.—3 Hats., 31; 1 Grey, 425.
" Conferences may be either simple or free. At a con-
ference simply, written reasons are prepared by the House
asking it, and they are read and delivered without debate
to the managers of the other House at the conference; hut
arenotihcniobcansweied. [4 Grey, 144.] The other House
then, if satisfied, vote the reasons satisfactory, or say noth-
ing; if not satisfied, they resolve them not satisfactory, and
ask a conference on the subject of the last confcrence, where
tln*y read and deliver in like manner written answers to
those reasons. f3 Grey, 183.] They are meant chiefly to
record the justification of each House to the nation at large,
and to posterity; and, in proof of that, the miscarriage of a
measure is not imputable to them. [3 Grey, 255 ] At tree
conferences, the managers discuss, viva voce and freely, and
interchange propositions for such modifications as may be
made in a p.trliairientaiy way, and may bring the sense of
the two Houses together. And each party reports in writing
to their respective Houses, tlx; substance of what is said on
both sides, and it is entered on their Journals."—9 Grey,
2*20 ; 3 Hats., 280.
The business that is going on between tho two
Houses of Congress at this session cannot but
result disastrously. The House of Representa-
tives takes a bill which has been amended by the
Senate, lays it on the table, and sends up a new
bill; and it is proposed here to take up this new
bill, and either lay it on the table or object to its
second reading. By this course, the reasoning of
each House will never be sent to the other; and
the very case which the parliamentary law pro-
vides for, of a preliminary consultation between
the two Houses for the purpose of justifying, as
it is said, to the country at large and to posterity,
the reasons for its action, has arisen. It is clear,
to my mind, that the House of Representatives
have acted without authority of parliamentary
law; entirely so. Even if the case were clear, it
would be very objectionable in poigt of courtesy.
If this body should originate a bill which it was
indisputable they had no right to originate, I say
it would be a very objectionable thing, in point
of courtesy between the two Houses, for the
House of Representatives unceremoniously to lay
it upon the table and send us another bill. In this
case it is not only questionable, but I think the
weight of opinion is, that the amendment of the
Senate, increasing the postage, is not obnoxious
to that provision of the Constitution which pre-
vents this body from originating bills to raise
revenue. But now, sir, treat it as a question in
debate, properly engendering difference of opin-
ion between the two Houses 
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to this. We have not
got these papers. The Senator is out of order.
We have not got the papers in dispute at all.
That bill is not before us in any way, and there
ran be no motion for a conference in regard to it;
and I see no other means of disposing of that
bill, but by reading it a first and second time in
its order. I make that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first hear what is the motion submitted by the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. My motion is, we having this
bill before us, which the Senate of the United
States claims is improperly before it—that is our
ground; and it is the very same ground on which
the Senator is going to object to its second read-
ing 
Mr. TOOMBS. No.
Mr. STUART. He cannot object to it on any
other ground. We insist that the House of Rep-
resentatives has not treated us properly in send-
ing down this bill. Therefore, I move that a
committee of conference be appointed, to consult
with the House of Representatives, for the pur-
pose of inducing them to take up the bill Which
they sent to us, and which we amended, and act
upon it, and return it to us; or else take the re-
sponsibility of having the appropriations for the
Post Office Department fail.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 submit that the Senator is
out of Q|j^r; because, non constat that they will
not panpPtt bill as it now stands. It does not
appear mat there is any dispute between the two
Houses. It may be, as I nave seen done here,
that the Senate will pass this very bill in ten min-
utes. There does not appear the slightest1 evi-
dence that there is any disagreement in any way.
Mr. STUART. Well, Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask the Senator from Michigan to reduce his mo-
tion to writing.
Mr. STUART. I will do that.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. IVERSON. While the Senatorfrom Mich-
igan is putting his motion in writing, I ask leave
to have certain papers withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
ceive the motion.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, Thar Frances Steelcy have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the representatives of William Russwurm
have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That Elizabeth Horme and the heirs of Thgmas
Maddin have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the petition of Elizabeth Myers, the petition
of llenrv Schoonovei, the petition of Phebe Noose, the pe-
tition of Elizabeth Tonnant, the petition of George Butcher,
tho petmon of Jacob Riffle, the petition of Mary Bickel, the
petition of Samuel Warner, the petition of Dorothy Hyer,
the petition of Eh/.abeth Knight, the petition of Isaac Cut-
right, and the petition of Isaac White.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. REID, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom were referred the
petition of Edwin M. Chaffee, and a petition of
citizens of Massachusetts, against extending the
patent of Edwin M. Chaffee, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Colt, praying
for an extension of his patent, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of J.
B. Williams, the memorial of Joseph K. Boyd,
and the petition of E. P. Hastings, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
BENJAMIN SAY RE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask leave of the Senate to
take up a very short bill, the first one I have
moved to take up out of its order this session. It
is the bill (LJ. R. No. 319) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Sayre, an old gentleman in the State which
I represent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the bill may be taken up. [" No objection !"j
The Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides for
the payment of $2,043 to Benjamin Sayre, in full
of his claim for work and labor, under his con-
tract with the United States of December 8,1832,
on section sixty-seven of the Cumberland road, in
Indiana, in the division east of Indianapolis.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to any of this infor-
mal business, until we hear from the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Secretary to read
the report of the Committee on Claims. The bill
has passed one House or the other for the last ten
years.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not care if it passed fifty
times; it is out of order. There is another ques-
tion pending—an important question.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 was under the impression
that there was nothing before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was a mo-
