1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
tion before the Senate which the Chair asked the
Senator from Michigan to reduce to writing.
While he was engaged in reducing it to writing,
the Chair, by unanimous consent, received other
business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not so understand. I
■withdraw my motion.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STUART. My motion has been reduced
to writing. • 9j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate appoint a committee of con-
ference, to meet a hke committee 011 the part of the House
of Representatives, for the purpose of consulting as to what
action ought to be had by the respective Houses respecting
the bill making appropriation for the service of the Post Of-
fice Department during the fiscal year ending June30,1860.
Mr. MASON. I have examined the parlia-
mentary law, which was read by the Senator from
Michigan, and I differ with him altogether in the
construction he has placed upon it. There can be
no conflict between the two Houses, unless there
is a difference of opinion. The parliamentary
law says that that difference of opinion is not con-
fined to difference upon amendments, but if" there
be any other difference of opinion, they may ask
a conference. Now, what is the difference of
opinion between the two Houses here ? The
House of Representatives sent us an appropria-
tion bill, we considered it, and we made various
amendments, and sent the bill back to the House
with those amendments.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator allow me a
moment to read a few words from the parliament-
ary law?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. I read from Jefferson's Man-
ual:
" When a conference is asked, the subject of it must be
expressed, or the conference not agreed to. (Ord. H. Com.
89; 1 Grey, 425 ; 7 Grey, 31.) They are sometimes asked
to inquire concerning an offense or default of a member of
the other House. (6 Grey, 181; 1 Chand., 304.) Or the
failure of the other House to present to the King a bill passed
by both Houses. (8Grey,302.) Or, on information received,
relating to {he safety of the nation. (10 Grey, 171.) Or when
the methods of Parliament are thought by the one House to
have been departed from btj the other, a conference is asked
to come to a right understanding thereon. (10 Grey, 148.")
Mr. MASON. I do not think it varies it in
the slightest degree. The question depending be-
tween the two Houses is not an occasion of the
character described in the clause last read by the
Senator; it is a question about a bill—legislation.
As I have said, the exact posture of the question
is this: the House passed a bill making an appro-
priation for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment; the Senate considered that bill, adopted
various amendments to it, and sent the bill back,
with those amendments, to the House; the House
have returned the bill, with all the amendments,
to the Senate, and they have not considered a
single amendment, as shown by the resolution
which brought the bill back. In that resolution
they declare simply that they return the bill, with
the amendments, to the Senate, because the thir-
teenth amendment is a bill to raise revenue; thus
declaring that they have not considered one of
the amendments; but, inasmuch as they regard
one of the amendments, the thirteenth, as a bill
to raise revenue, they return the bill, with the
amendments, to the Senate. What have the Sen-
ate done? The Senate have adopted a resolution
declaring, in substance, that they had exercised
a constitutional right in making amendments to
that bill; that the House have equally a consti-
tutional right to adopt or reject those amendments,
but that they can permit no revisory power in
the House to determine' for the Senate, what, in
their judgment, is constitutional or not in their
action; and they sent the bill, with the amend-
ments, back to the House, with this resolution.
The House have not acted on those amendments
so far as we know; but they inform us, in sub-
stance, that they do not mean to act on the amend-
ments, and they send us the identical bill back
■without the amendments. Now, sir, I should
say that our proper course of action, to set a
proper precedent, and to present the subject prop-
erly before our respective constituents, in case
the bill should be ultimately lost, is this: let the
present bill be presented to the Senate; let the
Senate understand what the bill is, by its being
read, or otherwise; then, let a motion be made to
lay the bill upon the .table, giving as a reason,
that the same bill, with-amendments which the
Senate adopted, is now pending in the House of
Representatives. I do not see any occasion for
a conference; but I do see that, if a conference is
asked, it will be a concession, by implication, at
least, that the House acted correctly in revising
our action on the thirteenth amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the point of
order raised, the Chair begs leave to make a sug-
gestion to the Senate. It seems to him that two
courses might be pursued. One would be to let
the bill be read the first time, and then, the sec-
ond reading'being objected to, to make the motion
suggested by the Senator from Michigan, or even
to move that the bill be laid on the table; and, if
that were agreed to, then to make the motion sug-
gested by the Senator from Michigan. If, how-
ever, the Senator from Michigan insists on it, the
Chair thinks his motion will be in order, if he
will put a preamble to it, that, in the opinion of
the Senate, the House having departed from the
usual course of parliamentary proceeding, the
Senate asks a committee of conference on the bill.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to any
course that meets the judgment of the Senate. I
have no objection to modifying the resolution, as
suggested by the Chair. I have no objection to
the bill being read once. Perhaps it would be
preferable to read the bill once by its title.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am willing to agree to that;
but how all this is to be done, without our ever
reading it or knowing what is in the bill, sur-
passes my comprehension; and it would take the
astuteness of the Senator from Michigan to know
that thev have not sent us back everything we
sent to them. We cannot know until the bill is
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read through if required.
The bill (H. R. No. 893) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department,
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June
1860, was read the first time by its title.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the second reading
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If desired, the bill
will be read through.
Mr. STUART. Unless some Senator demands
the reading of the bill through, I presume it is
riot necessary.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the bill may be read
for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
must read the bill.
Several Senators. It is the same as the old
bill.
Mr. MASON. I want to hear it read.
The Secretary read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the bill do lie on the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. I objected to the
second reading of it, and, according to our rule,
I believe it cannot be read twice to-day without
unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be read
twice to-day, objection being made.
Mr. REID. 1 move to lay it on the table.
Mr. HUNTER. It does lie on the table, be-
cause its second reading is objected to. It cannot
come before the Senate when the second reading
is objected to.
Mr. REID. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe, when the first bill
was sent back from the House of Representatives,
with the resolution declaring that the House ob-
jected because the Senate had no right to pass the
thirteenth amendment, we might then, if we had
preferred it, have insisted on that amendment, and
asked for a conference; for there may be confer-
ences upon questions of privilege between the
two Houses, as well as upon disagreeing amend-
ments. We failed, however, to do that. The
bill was sent back, with a resolution of the Sen-
ate that it was perfectly competent for us to take
the course we did. It presents the question,
though.ina form somewhat embarrassing. They
have since sent us another bill, not exactly the
first one that was sent, but a bill with a limita-
tion upon the amount to be spent, as I under-
stand, making it a little different from the first
bill which they sent up, and which wc amended.
We may do one of two things: we may either let
it lie on the table, as we often do when we know
we have sent bills down to the House, and sfend
them a message by our Secretary that we have
passed a bill, describing ft* with certain-amend-
ments, and sent it to the House, and calling their
attention to it; or, perhaps, we may ask a confer-
ence; but the difficulty n6w is, that there is no
disagreeing amendment. They simply send ua
another bill, taking no notice of that which we
have previously passed; and I do not know how
we can ask a conference,unless we refer to sortie-
thing that has passed out of our possession; that
is, the original resolution which they sent us de-
claring that we had no right to pass the thirteenth
amendment, because it was the origination in the
Senate of a revenue measure. I rather incline to
the opinion that the better plan would be to let
the bill lie on the table, and send them a message
saying that we had sent down a certain bill, de-
scribing it by its title, with amendments. I am
willing, however, to try a conference, if the Sen-
ator from Michigan prefers it.
Mr. STUART. It will be seen, from -"/hat I
last read, that there is no difficulty in a case like
this. The language I read in the firM instance in
regard to a conference, that it was to be asked by
the body which had the papers, relates to a disa-
greeing vote between the two Houses; but take'
the other case which 1 read:
" They are sometimes asked to inquire conccrning an
offense or default of a member of die other House; (6 Grey,
181; 1 Chand., 304;) or the failure of the other House to
present to the King a bill passed by both Houses." (8 Grey,
302.)
There, the papers are not with the House that
asks the conference. The bill is to be sent to the
King to ask hisapproval by the House that origin-
ated it, and the other House, finding that that
House has not done it, asks a conference to know
why a great measure of the country is failing.
" Or, on information received and relating to the safety
of the nation ; (10 Grey, 171;) or when the methods of Par-
liament are thought by the one House to have been departed
from by the other."
Is not that this case? Does not the Senate think
that the House of Representatives have departed
from the rules of Congress; that they have no
right to take a bill which they passed, and which
has been sent here and amended by us, and do
what they please with it, and send us another bill
on the same subject? Under such a system, when
would legislation be ended, and what would be
the rights of the Senate ? Suppose we were to
yield to this, and go on and amend this bill just
as we did before,and send it down to the House;
they might take no notice of it, and send you
another bill; and when would you ever get the
legislation ended, or when would you ever be able
to assert what the Constitution gives you author-
ity to assert?
Now, sir, we believe that the House of Repre-
sentatives, in this instance, has acted in a manner
that is not justifiable by parliamentary law or the
rules of the two Houses, or, I may say, the Con-
stitution of the United States. Then, it is com-
petent to ask a conference to inquire of the House,
and to have their reasons given to us, and submit
our objections to their reasons, and thus bring
the matter before the country if the House per-
sists; but the reasoning upon the subject is, that
the House which is wrong will be satisfied that it
is wrong, and will yield its obje.ctionable action.
That is the way for men to leason. It is not to
be inferred that the House will persist in an error;
but it is, on the contrary, to be inferred that the
House, being satisfied that they are in error,
will yield their action and send us the other bill.
There is a propriety, I think, in the suggestion
made by the Chair, that a preamble may be of-
fered for the purpose of stating distinctly the case
upon which the conference is asked, and 1 was
about to prepare it; and I submit, in a word, that,
in my judgment, the Senate ought to take this
course. 1 made an effort, so far as I was capable
of making it, on precisely this question, at the last
session of Congress. I thought I foresaw, then,
that if the Senate allowed itself to be treated as
it was then treated, which conduct is now re-
peated, it would find that it would be involved in
much greater difficulty, probably, at the succeed-
ing session of Congress. I then failed, however.
It was in the last hours of the session, and the
importance of the bill—precisely this bill, that is,
a bill for this purpose, the Post Office appropria-
tion bill—led to the point being passed over. At
that season, the bill was passed by the House of
