TEM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Representatives and was amended by the Senate,
and the House agreed to a variety of our amend-
ments, all, except a vfry few, by a solemn vote,
and a committee of conference was appointed.
My recollection is that the committee agreed as
to ail the amendments except tw©-, on$ increasing
the -rates of postage, and the other abolishing
the franking privilege. Disagreeing upon these
amendments, and,the bill being returned to the
H-ouse of Representatives, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means moved to lay it
upon t|ie table; and then, at a subsequent day,
the Ho.use took the authority to reconsider the
bill and all the amendments—the amendments
that they had agreed to with t^e Senate, and which
had gone through two or three conferences undis-
puted—and sent us, in the last hours of the ses-
sion, another bill, and we submitted to it, and
here are the fruits of it. It is repeated upon us
now in two bills. I would not recommend to the
Senate equal rashness, and I would not myself
say a word that should be deemed rash; but I
wouldassertdeliberately,according to the parlia-
mentary law, our rights; I would appoint a com-
mittee of thi,s body, and notify the House that
we had done it, to consult with a like committee
•on the part of that body, to see if we could pot
come to an amicable understanding, and induce
the House to conform to the parliamentary law.
I would only use harsh words, or adopt arbitrary
measures, in the last Resort.' 1 will prepare the
preamble suggested by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. It strikes me that we are reduced
to condition now at which we are either to seek
a conference, if we wish to act upon this measure,
or we arc to lay it on the table, and adopt a new
mode of proceeding. If wo choose to disagree
to the bill which has been sent to us, I think
we have a perfect right, on account of the con-
flicting conduct of the two Houses, to ask for a
committee of conference to find what is the basis
of tiiat opposition between the two Houses which
renders it impossible for us to proceed any fur-
ther. If not, I think we can lay this bill on the
table; and, in that event,I fraveajoint resolution
which I propose to offer and send to the House,
and see whether they like the new mode of pro-
ceeding any better. In order that the Senate may
understand exactly the view which I entertain,
I send up this joint resolution to be read, while
the Senator from Michigan is preparing Ins pre-
amble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read for
information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
lie it resolved, ^c., That from arid after the 30th of June,
185U, the receipt* from post offices and post roads shall not
he leturited to the Tiea.-my ot the Untied States but shall
bo reserved and accounted I'm hy the Po-t Office Depart-
ment, and ho applied to sustain the postal service of the
Untied Hiatus.
And he it fuitker resolved. That tho Postmaster General
be, and he is h«rebyvauihoriv:ed to ieduce the mail serviee
upon the variou-t po->t mutes, so ad to render the Pont Office
Department self sustaining.
jiiul hr it, further rrsolr a!, That the Postmaster General
shah, in Ins next aiinu.il leport, communicate to Congiess
the reduction* made m the mat) suiviee, and the jeeeipU
upon ea<h of the mail joules.
Mr. DAVIS. It is mcr<?igr a provision made
for the reduced system of maintaining our postal
service, instead of allowing the postal receipts to
pass into the Tieusury; that they shall be kept
and accounted for hy the Post Office Department;
and that the Department shall be made self-sus-
taining, by reducing tho grade of set vice where
evei it may he done; and shall communicate, at
the next session of Congress, the ieductions which
have been made, and what are the receipts on each
mail route, so as to enable us to legislate advis-
edly hereafter.
Mr. DOOJLITTLE. I do notprofess to be very
well posted on questions of order and of paiiia-
mentary law, but it strikes me that the proposi-
tion of "the honorable Senator from Michigan is j
the straightforward, sensible mode ofgettin^ our-
selves out of this difficulty; and, in speaking the
few wotds that I pi upost; to .speak on this subject, :
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to certain !
facts that have transpiied on this floor familiar to
us all.
I understand one of the rules of the Senate is,
that whenever we speak of a coordinate depart-
ment of the Government, we are bound to speak
on this floor with due^respect. It is a fact that,
during some of our late sessions here at night, i
after the House of Representatives has adjourned,
the members of which body have the right of en-
tering within the bar of the Senate—and they
came in here in considerable numbers—time and
again during the last week, have I heard language
used upon this floor like this: " We will put such
and such a proposition into the bill, and we will-
force the House of Representatives to do so and
so." That language has been repeated on this
floor again and again, in the presence of numbers
of the members of that House.
Now, sir, I do not stand here to justify, per-
haps, as a matter of parliamentary law, what has
been done by the House of Representatives; but
I can very well see that, in the fact that the Sen-
ate of the United States have permitted that kind
of language to be used upon this floor on more
occasions than one, we ourselves, perhaps, may
have been guilty of a want of that parliamentary
courtesy which is due to the House of Represent-
atives; and may, to some extent, have provoked
this very retaliation.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me ? I
will say, that I have never hea^d such language
used on the part of the Senate towards the House.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator could not
have been present.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose it could not have been
frequently used, as I am usually in my seat.
Mr. MASON. I have certainly heard language
very much like that spoken of by the Senator from
Wisconsin, used on this floor.
Mr. DAVIS. How often?
Mi. MASON, Within the last day or two. I
do not remember how often.
Mr. DAVIS. It might have been, and I not
hear it; but it could not have been often.
Mr. MASON. The Senator was riot present,
1 take it. The parliamentary rule undoubtedly
is, that no reference shall be made to any pro-
ceeding in the other House, either in terms of
decorum or disrespect; but it has been violated,
I am sorry to say, by instances in the Senate.
Whether we aie now reaping its reward, I do not
know. I am glad that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has brought tho attention of the Senate to the
fact. , ' •
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chan- will
suggest to Senators that the motion of the Senator
from Michigan is now ready.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to take up
the time of the Senate; but I simply say that,
though I profess not to understand parliamentary
law, it is my opinion that the mode suggested by
the honoiablo Senator fiom Michigan, as a diffi-
culty has arisen between the two Houses as to
parliamentary proceedings, is the best mode, for
it will bring the Senate and House of Represent-
atives together through the medium of a confer-
ence. We cannot go as a Senate into the House
of Representatives and meet them there as a body;
but we can meet them by a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that the motion of the Senator fiom Mich-
igan be first read, and then the Chair will recog-
nize any Senator who wishes to speak to it. The
Secretary wili read the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The flouvp of ^preventatives having, in the opinion of
the Senate, depailed itoiri the piopet parliament.uv usages
and meihou of iMiisuctiughiwnes-, between the two fiou-e<*
l>y it* action in regard To the hill of the House (No S'/'J)
entitled An act makinir appropnations lor the seivice of
the Pot Office DepauniPnt duting the li?cal year ending
the 30th ot Jut it:, ItiGO.'' Theieioie,
Rnnlvrd, That the Senate appoint a committee of con-
ference to meet a like committee on the pait of the House
ot Heprc^eritatives, for the purpose of consulting as to what
action ought to he had hy the lu&pective Houses lespectmg
the said bill.
The resolution was agreed to; and Messrs.
Stuart, Pearce, and Foot were appointed the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
HUGH GLENN.
Mr. LANE. I ask the Senate again to resume
the consideration of the bill that was interrupted
by the report from the House of Representatives
of the Post Office appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon is right. That bill was postponed inform-
ally. The question now befoie the Senate,as in
Committee of the Whole, is the bill indicated by
the Senator from Oregon—a bill ( H. R. No. 441)
for the relief of the assignees of Hugh Glenn.
The Secretary was engaged in reading the report
of the committee on that bill. The Secretary will
now proceed with the leading.
Mr. IVERSON. I respectfully suggest to my
friend from Oregon the propriety of not going on,
with this bill. It is one of those cases which will
involve debate, and must lead to an investigation
by the President'before he can sign the bill. I
am satisfied, from what I have heard, that he will
not investigate any private bill so as to ascertain
whether it is just or not. My committee reported
this bilUlpd I am in favor of it, but I think it is
useless to take up the time -of the Senate by con-
sidering it at this hour.
Mr. LANE. I am sure that I do not want to
consume the time of the Senate unnecessarily;
but here is a case of manifest justice being delayed
for many years. This man, a citizen of Keriv
tucky, with whom I was acquainted when abov,
had a contract with the Government, upon the
settlement of which it is found that the Govern-
ment is in his debt. The report, if read, will
satisfy all Senators that the bill is a just one, and
I should be very glad to have justice done in the
case. It will not make the case any the worse if
the President should not approve the bill. I
.would like to have favorable action upon it. It
ought to pass the Senate. It is a House bill,and
I hope it wili be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the reading of the report.
The Secretary proceeded; and concluded the
reading of the repoit made by Mr. Maynard, in
the House of Representatives; which is as fol-
lows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
memoual of John Dickson,''asking that'he maybe paid
the balance of a judgment obtained by Hugh Glenn against
tho United States," have had the same under consideration,
and submit the following report:
On the 20th of January, 1617, Hugh Glenn, of the State
of Kentucky, contracted with the United States to furnish
pi0VM0iis at the military posts within the hunts of several
of the northwestern States, including the State of Indiana.
Ilis contract did not specify the quantity to be furnished at
the several points, but bound him to furnish, of the articles
enumerated, such quantities as "shall be required of him
tor the use of the United States, at all and every place, or
places, where troop* are, or may be, ?tauo ed within the
limits" of the Slates mentioned, upon " thirty days' notice
being given of tlie post, or place, where rations may be
wanted,&c. it further bound hun to furnish the supplies
" upon, the requisition of the commandant of the Armyora
post, in such quantities as shall not exceed whatis sufficient
lbi the troops to be stationed," &c. It was aKo required
that rations >houid, fiom tune to time, be fs>ued to such In-
dians as visited the various military posts,and in such quan-
tities as were necessary.
The facts involved in this claim were presented to Con-
gress a1: eaily as 1896, when General Harrison, who is sup-
posed to have been familiar with such transactions, made
a favorable report trom the Committee on Military Affairs
in the Senate, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
party.
Again, in 1850, Mr. Thomas, from the Committee of
Claims in the House of Representatives, made a report
which your committee now deem so full and conclusive,
that they aie induced to adopt it, as follows :
"The Secretary of War, on the 8th of May, 1816, in-
structed the officer commanding at Fort Hariison, m the
State of indiaua, that he was ' required to certify all ab-
stracts ot unions issued to' the Indians who 'usually re-
boited'to that fott. To enable hirn to fulfill this duty, the
Indian ajifint there was also instructed 'to make daily re-
poi is' to the officer' of the number of Indians present, and
toi whom rations [were] to be issued,' that the command-
ant might know what quantity of rations were necessary.
Brevet Major John T. Cliunn was rhe officer in command-,
and Genci.il 1'o^ey was the Indian agent.
" Upon the reports of the agnnt to Major Chunn, he cer-
tified to the Department ot War' abstracts of rations' issued
and luinwhed the Indians, at fort Harrison by Hugh Glenn
to the amount of $44,764 02.
" fti the course ot the execution of Glenn's contract, he
was advanced the sum of $133,346 14 for supphep furnished
at the following forts, to wit: Belle Fontaine, Fort Osage,
Fort Claike, Fort Ctawford, Fort Ed wauls, Fori Armstrong,
B«lle Point, und St Lmju. When his account was ren-
deied at the Department for final settlement, he claimed
that he had furnished provisions at the vaiious forts to the
value of $142,884 74, including the {$'11,764 00 for issues at
Foit Harnson ; for which amount Major Chunn had certi-
fied tin- abstiacts. Upon an inspection of the account, it
appeared to the Secietary of Wai that the amount certified
for Fort Harrison wa>i too large; that the numberof Indians
frequenting that post could not have been so large as to re-
quue so man> rations, lie accordingly suspended this nem
of the account, which left a balance standing on the books
of the Department against Glenn of $37,792 76. He ordered
a eouit-niamal to try Major Chunn for what was supposed
to be fiaud in cerutvuig the alvstictcts, and oidered suit to
be biougbt against Glenn for the $37,792 76.
"The couit-marna! satatTcire Haute, near Fort Har-
rison, and, after a careful investigation of all the facts and the
examination of a number of witnesses, honorably acquitted
Major Chunn. The suit against Glenn was tned m the
United district court in Kentucky, and resulted in favor of
Glenn upon the verdict of a jury and upon an investigation
of all the facts. The jury say: < We of the jury find that the
defendant, Hugh Glenn) is entitled to a credit of $44,764 02
for rations issued to the Indians at Fort Harrison from the
