664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
fires of political conflict,we found ourselves com-
pelled to wrestle against the influence of eastern
journals, which should have sustained and sup-
ported us. But, Mr. Chairman, the voters of Il-
linois were not to be swerved from their purpose;
they nailed their flag to the mast, and, in that
hand-to-hand fight, wrested Illinois from the
Democracy, and have placed it with reasonable
certainty within the ranks of Republican States.
We have now enrolled one hundred and twenty-
five thousand six hundred good and true Repub-
lican voters in Illinois, who will not submit to be
led by any man; but when the bugle sounds, de-
claring the true principles of the Republican par-
ty, they will, to a man, be at their posts, there to
stand the shock of friend or foe. And, sir, let me
say to the gentleman from Kentucky, let his
party be careful of political associations, lest it
lose its manhood. -I would suggest to him that,
during the late campaign in Illinois, while stereo-
typed letters from a prominent Senator of his
party were being read at every school-house and
other meeting in central Illinois, in favor of
Judge Douglas, he, attended by priest and bish-
op, was making demonstrations for the Catholic
vote of the city of Peoria. And, sir, in this man-
ner was fought the hardest political battle of the
age.
But I will pass from this to a subject that I
more particularly desire to consider at this time.
Mr. Chairman, a few days since I presented
to the House a resolution embracing some of the
principles that, in my judgment, should charac-
terize our policy in the government of the Terri-
tories, and had hoped that 1 could have procured
a vote that would have indicated the sense of the
House on that proposition. I have thought, ami
still think, that the increasing importance of the
territorial questions to this Government, entering,
as they do, largely into the legislation of each
session of Congress, should have secured for it an
early consideration, with a view to the adoption
of some well-defined course of policy for the gov-
ernmentof the Territories in their rapid develop-
ment into independent sovereign States, fitted for
the companionship of our Confederacy; but ob-
jections to its reception have thus far prevented
me from obtaining a record of the sentiments of
gentlemen on the propositions contained in the
resolution offered. I therefore propose to present
to the committee, and to the country, some of the
changes that, in my judgment, should be made in
the policy of the territorial governments.
The fust proposition is, that all territorial offi-
cers now appointed by the President should be
elected by the people of the Territory.
The extension of the elective franchise,and not
its restriction, has been the cherished policy of
our national and State institutions from their ear-
liest history, and has become more firmly estab-
lished as time has added confirmation of its just-
ness and propriety; and just in proportion as lias
the element of free, self-government been devel-
oped in our Republic, so has its safeguard and
sure support—the voting power of the people—
been extended. This is not less noticeable in
successive congressional action, in the establish-
ment of territorial governments, than in the
changes that have been adopted in that relation
in the several States. Eaily in the history of our
Government, when the settlers on the public do-
main began to show signs of political life, gov-
ernments were established for their benefit and
protection. But little of that government was
intrusted to the people to be affected by it; the
executive, the legislative, and the judicial powers
of these governments were placed solely in the
hands of the appointees of the President; and thus
were governed the dependencies of a nation whose
highest boast was. that the people ordained their I
own laws,and selected from amongst themselves
their rulers; and in the Territories where were
being molded new empires under the auspices and
guardianship of the nation, no element of self-
government was found; their laws were enacted, .
adjudged, and executed by the Governor and j
judges appointed by the President , and all of them
were subject to removal. In this manner were
set on foot all the early territorial governments of
the country.
The first departure from this policy was the
authorization of the inhabitants of the North-
west Territory, in 1792, to elect members of As-
sembly, who, together with the Governor and
legislative council, should compose the legislative
department of the territorial government, when-
ever there should be five thousand white male in-
habitants, over the age of twenty-one years, in a
Territory; thereby requiring at least twenty thou-
sand inhabitants before the people had any voice
in the affairs of their own government; and even
then but little, as the Governor and Council were
appointed by the President, a,nd subject to re-
moval at his pleasure. Here was found the first
germ of the elective franchise, in directing the
government of the people outside of the States,
which has been ex^nded from time to time, until
now, the law-making power, save in the veto of
the Governor, is within the control of the people;
they elect their Territorial Legislature, which is in-
trusted with all legitimate legislative power, not!
inconsistent with the Constitution and the organic
law, yet subject to the supervisory power of Con-
gress. It is har'd to conceive why it always
should not have been so; but if there were origin-
ally reasons for this restriction of popular rights,
they have long since ceased, as is fully proved by
congressional action, and the results of a more
liberal policy.
Congress having recognized the propriety of
placing the law-making power in the hands of the
people of the Territory, as a matter of good pol-
icy, then, sir, I ask, why notcarry out tliis work
of progression, and permit the people to also
choose from among themselves their own Gov-
ernor, judges, and other territorial officers? With
what propriety can it be said, that a people suf-
ficiently numerous and worthy to require the or-!
dinary machinery of a republican form of govern-
ment, and to be intrusted with the law-making
power, should not also bo intrusted with the se-
lection of officers to adjudge and execute the laws
they themselves have made? Sir, I deny the
propriety of such a distinction; it is at variance
with the very elements of the theory of our in-
stitutions, and I maintain that it is our duty as
Representatives of the people of the States, to in-
augurate territorial governments, when required,
for the safety and well-being of the inhabitants
that shall, in their principles, effects, and conse-
quences, assimilate as nearly as possible to our
independent State governments. When the prin-
ciple of self-government is recognized, and yet
remains in the subordinate condition of a terri-
torial government,and while we are molding new
governments, of whatever character they may be,
for the protection of our own people, it is our
highest and most sacred duty to impress upon
them the image of tiue republican institutions,
not only in form, but in the essential qualities of
their natures, and first among these is the princi-
ple of self-government, through the elective fran-
chise.
The propriety of the election by the people of
county officers, members of both branches of the
Legislature, having been fully conceded by con-
gressional action and the approbation of the peo-
ple of the nation, it is now only a question of de-
gree or extent to which the people exercise this
privilege in the Territories. I assume that any
people who may safely be intrusted with the legis-
lative branch of the Government, which is un-
questionably the most important department,
may, and, in fact, should, be intrusted with the
other departments, by the election or appointment
of the officers thereof. Why may not the voter j
who selects his representative to fashion and j
make the laws by which he is to be governed,
also select the officers who are to adjudge and
execute such laws. Certainly no higher degree of
judgment is required in the latter, than in the j
former case. Most clearly, it is more consistent j
with the theory of our institutions, and the doc-!
trines of a liberal self-government of the people, i
Again, sir, the people who now make up the !
population of the Territories have exercised this I
right, are familiar with its workings, and are |
competent to its enjoyment; they have but passed j
the imaginary boundary of the States, where all
these rights were enjoyed as rights and not as !
privileges; they have elected their own Governors, '
judges, and all the complement of officers that
make up the official corps of an independent State;
the system has thus far worked well; they were
competent to aid in carrying on the entire machine-
ry of a State government; and will it not seem
strange to them when they are told that having
emigrated from the State of New York, Illinois,
or other States, to the Territory of Kansas or Ne-
braska, they are not as honest or capable as be-
fore their emigration ? or will it be said that the
higher position and duties of a territorial Gov-
ernor or judge is above the comprehension of the
sturdy settler, who, with the full appreciation of
his rights as an American citizen, makes his
home on our public domain, under the sanction
and at the invitation of the General Government,
and there hopes and helps to lay the foundation
of republican institutions that shall rival the most
favored State in the Confederacy? And sir, to
thatend I would imposeon him the dutiesofsuch
a work, and not withhold from him the means
of its accomplishment. They are capable of elect-
ing their own officers, or they are not qualified
for self-government.
Then, sir, I propose to extend the elective fran-
chise to the election of all territorial officers, not
upon the principle of sovereignty in the Territo-
ries, but upon the clearly-defined principle of
sovereignty in the Federal Government,to be con-
trolled and carried into effect by the direct action
of Congress, or by the territorial government un-
der and by the sanction of Congress, and upon
the principle of deputing that power to the people
of the Territory as a matter of just and wise pol-
icy. And thus would I secure these rights and
privileges to the people for their own and the na-
tion's good, and at the same time preserve the
harmony of the Government from the erroneous
idea of two conflicting sovereignties, one in the
people of the Territory, and the other in the Fed-
eral Government.
But, sir, while this view of the matter might be
a sufficient reason for adopting the policy sug-
gested in the resolution, yet there is another rea-
son that must commend itself to every unpreju-
diced mind, which is the correction of the mon-
strous abuses that have crept into the system of
executive appointments in the Territories, and
which unchecked have driven on boldly over the
dearest rights of the people until the country de-
mands a correction of these abuses, and the adop-
tion of some measure that will be a guarantee
against them in the future, and secure the cur-
tailment of executive patronage.
The centralization of power is doubtless one of
the most dangerous tendencies of our Govern-
ment, and the most insidious and progressive in
its character. It finds firm root and abundant nu-
triment in the Executive patronage of our Repub-
lic; and in proportion as it becomes strong, so in
proportion it becomes corrupt. And such has been
the increase of that tendency in the territorial ap-
pointments, that the people of this nation demand
a corrective. And whatever gentlemen may think
of this measure, on either side of this House, I
tell them there is a just alarm in the minds of the
people on this subject, and that they will demand
of their Representatives that the elective franchise
shall be sustained and extended wherever and
whenever rt may come in conflict with Executive
appointments in the distribution of powers for the
purpose of keeping power within the reach of this
people, rather than placing it in the hands of an
irresponsible Executive. But, sir, this change is
not to be made without a struggle. The Execu-
tive and the party in power will not willingly give
up and abandon one of the darling prerogatives
of power—the Executive patronage.
In all Governments the appointing power has
been dangerous to liberal institutions and popular
rights, and in none more so than in this; and here,
as elsewhere, it is fearful and jealous of incroach-
ments. Hence when a proposition was made
to extend the voting power in the Territories, the
Government organ, theUnion ofthis city,which,
doubtless, is a faithful exponent of the views of
the Administration, alarmed at so direct a blow
from the ballot-box, aimed at the very flower of
the prerogatives of the Executive, sounded the
alarm, and demanded of the faithful to resist to
the uttermost any relief to the people of the Terri-
tories from the power of Executive appointments;
and wild with excitement at the mention of a
change in the government of the Territories that
would abridge the power of the Executive to in-
terfere in the affairs of the people, it howls forth
the slanderous cry that no evil has resulted from
Executive appointments in the Territories; and
in its paroxysm of rage declares our Government
an experiment that has heretofore always failed,
and, like one conscious of his own guilty deeds,
