1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
1st day of June, 1817, to the 30th day of June, 3818, for
which a credit has been claimed by him and suspended by
the officers of the Government, We theiefore find for the
defendant. We aNo certify that the defendant set up no
other claim, nor made any other question on the trial of this
cause, except what relates to the above sum of §44,704 02,
and that our verdict is founded upon the evidence relating
to that item only.'
" General Harrison, as chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs in the'Senate, made a report in 1826, in fa-
vor of this claim, in winch the following language is found:
"4 That, for supposed misconduct in relation to this affair,
Major Chunn was arrested and tried by a court-martial.
The trial, however, terminated in an honorable acquittal of
the officer by the court, no testimony being produced to
show that he had authorized more provisions than were re-
quired by the sub Indian agent, or that he had certified ab-
stracts.of issues, to a gieater amount than had been issued
by the sub-contractors. A doubt in this particular seems to
have been the reason why the Secretary of War suspended
the item of ^44,764 02. That doubt being removed by the
official certificate ot Major C'hunn, the decision oftlieeouu-
martial, and the verdict of the jury, the committee see no
principle on which the payment can be fuither suspended.
" i The committee would further remark, that they have
procured from the office of the Adjutant General the docu-
ments of the trial of Chunn ; that he was arrested for cer-
tifying Hie abstracts aforesaid, and for neglect of duty in not
requiring the Indian agent at the post to make daily reports
to him of the number of Indians present, agreeably to the
order of the War Department requuing specially that duty
of commandants of posts to which Indians usually resort;
that they have examined it carefully for testimony which
would inculpate the contractors, but nave found none; that
if there were any fraud in the issues complained of, (which
*he proceedings of the trial will not justify them in charg-
ing on any one,) it must have been practiced by the sub-
Indian agent, who, it appears, had been authorized by.Gov-
ernor Posey, Indian agent in 1817, to make requisitions on
the officer commanding for a liberal supply of provisions in
favor of Indians visiting that station. Good reason, too,
for a liberal treatment of the Indians in thatquarter existed
in the prospective treaty which was afterwards held at St.
Mary's.'
•'When the transcript of the judgment rendered in favor
ofGlenn wa& presented at the Department, the accounting
officers credited him by $37,792 76, (part ol the judgment,)
which balanced his account, but refused to pay the remain-
ing ^6,971 20. That sum has not yet been paid, and the
committee, concurring with the Senate Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, can ' see no principle on winch the payment
can be further suspended.'
" It was proper in the Secretary of War to suspend the
payment of the amount charged, and to allow only lor the
amount of rations'actually and bona fide issued 10 the In-
dians.' His deciding to do so shows that he understood very
well tliat the conmandant of the post and the Indian agent
had the right to direct the amount of provisions to be fur-
nished, and that the contractor had no discretion in regard
to it. lie doubted only whether the certified abstracts were
true, or, in other words, whether these officers had riot been
gudty of fraud in certifying abstracts with the knowledge
of the contractor. Thatque&tion has been tried, and nothing
has appeared in evidence to fix guilt upon anybody.
" By the order of the Secretary of Wai,the commandant
was not required to know personally fiow many Indians
resorted to the fort. He was only required to certify the
abstracts of rations, based upon the ' daily reports' made to
him as to the 4 number of Indians present, and for whom
rations are [were] to be issued.' The riuiotio weie based
upon these(reports.' However fraudulent mighthave been
the conduct of the ' agent,' the commandant ought not to
have been affected by it, unless he had notice ot it. Ue and
the agent might both have acted fraudulently, and that
should not affect the right of the contiactoi to his compen-
sation, unless he had notice of their traud, and was parti-
ceps criminis. lie was bound by his contiact to turnif-h all
i that shall [-should] be required of him," upon the requisi-
tion of the commandant.' He had no discretion about it.
If he had failed or refused to lurnish what he was ordered
to furnish, unless he knew of .some fraud, he would have
been liable on his contract. The only ease in which he
would have been excused for not complying with such te-
quisition, would have been where he knew that the agent
and commandant, or either ot' them, had acted fraudulently.
The committee cannot find in thn ca e any pretense that
he was guilty of any such conduct, or was even suspected
of it. There is not a single intimation as.nnst his hone-'iy.
or tfiat of any oi his agents. He could not know how many
Indians resorted ' daily ' to Fort Hamson, for he vva« not a
Government officer, and did not reside at the fort. Ho
obeyed the requisitions made upon him by the agents-of the >
Government, winch he was bound to do, under his con- j
tract, and should be paid. j
^ After the trial in Kentucky, Glenn assigned all hi** m- j
terest in the balance due him, alter settling ins account at i
the Department, to Demas Demmg, who has since I
signed the same to the memorialist a^> the surviving partner
of the firm ot Lambert &> Dickson The committee, there-
fore, report a bill in his favor for $6,97120, the balance
due."
After another full and careful examination of the facts,
your committee now readily indorse the foiegomg icpoit,
and recommend the payment of the balance of the judg j
ment, as found due by the United States district couit for
the district of Kentw-ky, to the parties who may show
themselves legally entitled thereto; and for that puipose
your committee leport the accompanying bill, and leeoin-
mend its passage. j
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to a third reading. Upon its passage, a
division was called for; and there were—ayes 21,
noes 13; no quorum voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators are pres-
ent who are not voting.
Mr. STUART. I call for the yeas and nays. I
Mr. JONES. Let us have a recount.
Mr. STUART. If gentlemen cannotrise when
there is a division, we had better have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 27, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Cbes-
nut, Clark, Clay, Chngman, Fitch,' Foot, Gwin, Houston,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, Lane,
Polk, Keid, Itice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Stuart,
Ward, Wilson, and Yuloe—27.
NAYS —Messrs. Brodenck, Davis, Doolittle, Durkee,
Foster, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson or Tennessee, King,
Mason, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—13.
So the bill was passed. •
WILLIAM M. HARRISON.
Mr. IVERSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to leport back House bill (No.
891) for the relief of William M. Harrison, and
ask that it be now put on its passage. I will state
very briefly what the bill is. William M. Har-
rison is collector of the customs at Richmond,
Virginia. During the last year, I suppose, every
gentleman probably remembers, that the custom-
house at that place was robbed of §20,000. The
collector had frequently written, as the papers
show, to the Secretary of the Treasury, notifying
him that the place of depository was unsafe, and
asking that it might be repaired and put in better
condition. The Secretary declined to do it. The
robbery took place sometime during the last year.
The Secretary of the Treasury employed three
detectivesof this place, and they arrested the rob-
bers and took them to the city of Richmond,
where it so happened that the district court was
in session at the time, and they were tried, con-
victed, and sent to the penitentiary; and $17,000
was recovered from them, which leaves a balance
of about three thousand dollars, which this bill
is intended to relieve the collector from paying to
the United States. There is one other item m the
bill. The collector, not knowing that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Mr. Cobb, had taken any
steps for the recovery of this amount, or the de-
tection of the thieves, advertised himself a reward
of $1,500 for the recovery of the money, or, in
that proportion, according to the amount recov-
ered; and these dectective officers'compelled him
to pay over $1,300, having the same proportion
to the $1,500 offered as the $17,000 recovered bore
to the $20,000 stolen. Tins bill indemnifies him
for that. The Secretary of the Treasury thinks
that he acted in good faith, and wag not cognizant
at the time he offered the leward of the fact that
the Secietary himself hud taken steps to have the
parties arrested. I hope the bill will be passed
at once. I will state that it passed the House of
Representatives last night without a dissenting
voice.
Mr. YULEE. Will this lead to any debate?
Mr. IVERSON. No; 1 shall not discuss it.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
fiom the fuither cotwdeiation of all subjects referred to
that committee and not reported on.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
MilitM be discharged fioin the further consideration of all
subjects referred to that committee and not reported on.
'On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordeicd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of all subjects re-
terred to that committee and not reported on.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. I
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the I
Judiciaiy, to whom was referred the memorial of !
R. H. Gillet, praying for additional compensa- S
Uon for the argument of certain cases in the Su- i
preme Court of the United States, asked to be !
discharged from us further consideration; which j
was agreed to. _ |
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions, I
to whom was referred the petition of Jeremiah >
Thornton and of Mary Chase Barney, respect- j
ively, asking for a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on. In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. No. 78) to enable certain railroad com-
panies, in the territory of Kansas, to procure
the-right of way; and the bill (,S.;No. 5£3)!to pro-
vide for the sale of reservations of latod grata ted to
individual Indians in certain cases, and tb- regu-
late the disposition of the proceeds'thereof asked
to be discharged from their-further consideration-:
which was agreed to. 1 < •
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION Btt&i
Mr. YULEfi. I think the attention1 of the
Senate was not, at the moment, given ta the fa&t
that a definitive question was being taken on the
resolution of the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] at thetime it passed, i believe the sense
of the Senate is against the conference proposed
by the Senator; and, for the purpose of deciding
it, I move a reconsideration of the vote which
was had upoft that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) Did the Senator vote with the ma-
jority )
Mr. YULEE. I was acquiescent—silent; not
really knowing on what the question was being
taken.
Mr. STUART. I do not care about making
the point that the Senator did not vote with the
majority; for I should like to have the sense of
the Senate distinctly taken on the subject. I
think the Senator is mistaken in saying that the
attention of the Senate was not drawn to the
question, though his own probably was not.
Mr. YULEE. I know the group around me
were not attending to it.
* Mr. STUART. I think it should be acted on,
and acted on at once; because, if the Senate are
going to do anything about the matter, they should
inform the House of Representatives immedi-
ately.
Mr YULEE. That was my object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida states that he was present and ac-
quiescent.
Mr. YULEE. When I say acquiescent, I do
not mean that I concurred in the passage bf the
resolution, but that I was silent, not really know-
ing what the question was; and was, therefore, to
be understood as acquiescent.
Mr. STUART. 1 make ntf objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' The Chair will
entertain the motion, unless objection be made.
The motion is to reconsider the vote bywhich the
Senate passed the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan, which will be read. - -
Mr. STUART, it need not be-read; we all
understand what it is. "We all understand that it
is the resolution asking for a committee of con-
ference on the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. YULEE. For my part, I am not disposed
to propose a conference to the House. I think
it is sufficient that we have sent them a bill on
which thev can act.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider; and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Broderick, Brown,
Clay, Chngman, Davis, Fitch. Pitzpatrick, Houston, Hun-
ter, Iver&on, Johnson ol Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, Mason,
lleid, Toombs, and Yulce—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Doolittle,
Durkee, Foot, Foster, Gwin*, Harlan, Johnson of Tennes-
see, King, Lane, Polk. Rice, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. I should suppose a conference
on the part of the Senate, having so strong an
opposition to it, would be likely to result in no
good.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Senator to allow mo
to make a simple statement, at the request of my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.] He desired me
to say that he was called home at midnight by-the
serious indisposition of his little child; and that
is the reason why he has not since been here to
vote.
EXECUTIVE PATRONAGE,
Mr. WILSON. I submit a resolution, and give
notice that I shall call it up early in the next see-
sion:
Resolved, That a committee of —— be appointed to,ia.-
quire into the extent of the patronage of the President tfte
