566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
is one of the most fitting and appropriate means
to arrest the steady yet rapid onward march of in-
creasing Executive power, in its baleful and cor-
rupting progress.
And, sir, 1 call on all who, with honest purpose,
have professed to be. friends of popular sov-
reignty and popular institutions, to come for-
ward and aid in giving effectiveness of character
to a proposition which heretofore has been the in-
strument only, of personal aggrandizement, with-
out one effort to make it practically, and in fact,
what it promises to the ear, and to declare them-
selves for or against this measure.
The next proposition, Mr. Chairman, is that
there shall be donated to every actual settler in
the Territory one hundred and sixty acres of public
land, on such conditions and under such restric-
tions as shall secure an actual cultivation and per-
manent improvement thereof. The object of this
provision is to promote a permanent settlement of
the Territories by such persons as shall be de-
sirous of uniting their interests with the interests
of the country in which they propose to make their
homes, and to induce an emigration thither which
shall be individual and voluntary in its character,
each seeking to advance his own interest by that
industry and enterprise that so eminently charac-
terize the prosperous and successful of our fel-
low-citizens, and to correct, by inducements to
industry, many of the eviis of the irregular, spec-
ulative, and transitory character of the emigration
to the Territories under the present system of
territorial settlement. The object of the Govern-
ment, douotless, is to induce the settlement of the
public domain by those who will reduce the lands
to cultivation, ami by the productions of the earth
add to the general wealth of the nation—our
Government having no interest in the sale or dis-
position of the public lands .it whatever price they
may bring, either high or low, unless such sale
shall in some manner contribute to the happiness
of the people or the wealth of the country, which
can only be done by their productive qualities
being developed. Should the Government re-
ceive millions for her lands from the purchaser,
and the lands remain unoccupied, not one dollar
would be added to the general wealth, nor one
more home for the people be provided; and the
only elicet would be, that the money would pass
into the coders of the Government to be again
disbursed, and the land be held by the pur-
chaser as it was before held by the Government.
The great object, then, should be, in any policy
that may be adopted, to induce the cultivation of
the soil and peimanent homes for the people.
Tile Government holds the vast domain, not for
its own use oi speculative puipohe, but for the
people of' the nation. This has been the object
ot the Government in its land policy from the
commencement <>t legislative action on that sub-
j< ct. And while i; has tieen productive of good
le^ults, yet many evils have crept in to thwartits
moftt cherish* d put pose, and so complete has be-
come the system oi land-jobbers that,atour public
land saUs, unless the settleis are sufficiently nu-
merous to protect their rights by physical torce,
they t>uy, if at all, at the favor and on the condi-
tions prescribed by the bands of speculators who
mf< st the country, arid who buy large tracts ofland
and hold u at puces that prevent the settlement
ot the country by those who are unable to compete
with the moneyed influence and artlully-plaiioed
conspiracies ot land operators. And the hard-la-
boring and industrious pioneer is thus, not unfre-
quentiy, brought, when least able to protect his
i Jglits, in immediate competition with the wealthy
speculatoi and the unprincipled land pirate. I
admit that no system will be enttiely exempt from
the fiuuds of the designing, but many of the evils
that now exist can be avoided.
i then, Mr, as one of the means to effect this
object, propose a donation of a quarter section of
land to the hon >fide settlers. It will as nearly as
any other mod'- dispose of equally to the whole
people the benefit of our vast domain. Owned as
it is by the enfre country-equally, and heid for
the beih.fit of th-* people of each State, it should,
wuh the same equality, be dispensed in its bene-
fits. Mow better, then, can we accomplish this
object than by saying to the people of eveiy por-
tion ot iiie.wholo country,pointing to our mighty
western possessions, with their swelling rivers and
rich prairies, with undulating plains and waiving
forests, smihnga welcome to thehusbandman,dud
promising a rich reward to the toiling—here are
homes for the million; this is the patrimony of the
people; it is yours; make ye homes and found
republics. The enterprising of every portion of
the Union who are desirous of bettering their con-
dition by emigration will then have an equal op-
portunity of drawing from the great store-house
of nature an^nnual reward for the labor they be-
stow, untrammeled and unrestrained by the influ-
ence of capital in the hands of the few, and the
monopoly of the landed interest in the old States.
Against this proposition no cry of North or South
or of sectionalism can be raised. The northern
and southern emigrants are promised in the exact
same proportion of the Government bounty, re-
quiring in each case only the industry and enter-
prise of the person to secure the desired results;
and in this consists the great leading distinction
between the system of donation of lands and the
old system of sales. The one makes the public
lands the objectof individual industryand individ-
ual reward, while the other involves the moneyed
interests of the country, and is controlled by cap-
ital; and to such an extent has this system of land
speculation been carried on of late years, that our
land system has become a mockery in view of its
original intention. And the freehold of the coun-
try is held, controlled, and sold, as a matter of
trade and commerce, by the j'obbers and land bro-
kers. Commerce and the manufacturing interests
require the agency and power of capital and Gov-
ernment aid; and to that end does the Government
imppse protecting duties, and lavish money in the
protection of commerce. With this, sir, X find no
fault. It is just and right that it should do so to
a reasonable extent. So intimately blended are
the producing, manufacturing, and commercial
interests of the country, that a direct aid to one
is an indirect aid to the others; and if the produc-
ing interest is indirectly benefited by the advance-
ment of the manufacturing and commercial inter-
ests, and arc hence dependent one upon the other,
then a direct aid and expansion of the producing
element would be an indirect benefit of the other
interests.
Mr. Chairman, the true theory of our Govern-
ment is, in all practical ways to individualize,
and not monopolize, interests. Ours is a Gov-
ernment of individualities, bound together for the
mutual benefit and protection of all; and just in
proportion as individuals are prosperous, so will
be the prosperity of the nation. And for that
reason I propose, so far as the policy of the Gov-
ernment can effect it, to induce every individual,
in his own right, to become an owner of the soil.
What higher boast could a nation make, than
that the people in their own right held the free-
hold of their homes? It would make them loyal
to the Government, for in fact, and not in theory
alone, would it be their Government. And, sir,
who are more worthy to be encouraged than those
who an: willing to endure the hardships incident
to a new country, and to convert the wilderness
into fitting abodes and habitations of men ? They
are a class of people who toil, and who add to the
common stock of a nation's wealth; they extend
your bordois, and defend the frontiers; they
pay their proportion of Government burdens
equally with the merchant prince of the old States;
they fight your battles in the hour of peril, and
shrink at no sacrifice in their country's cause.
And while you pay an annual bounty of many
hundred thousand dollars to the hardy fishermen
of New England, and levy duties on articles con-
sumed by them, for the benefit of eastern manu-
facturers and southern sugar-growers, you are
asked in vain to permit those whose only capital
is their labor, to appropriate, not the Govern-
ment's land, but the people's own land, to their
own individual use and occupation, to make that
labor (their capital) available.
Sir, when capital, or pretended capital, concen-
trates for the purpose of building railroads, and
asks for public lands, millions of acres are yearly
granted to soulless corporations, with a reckless
extravagance that ought to alarm and startle the
country; but when the settler asks his own moiety
of the common patrimony, that he may build a
home for his family, he is told to go buy m the
market. x\nd now, sir, to-day, before this Con-
gress, theie are being urged grants of lands to
railroad companies in the Territories, with a haste
and anxiety prompted by the fact that it is daily
made more apparent that the wants of actual set-
tlers will demand it for occupation, and thus daily
and hourly they are competing for their own V/ith
moneyed corporations-and the legislation of Con-
gress. Give land to the settler, and you give
homes to the honest poor. Give homes to the in-
dustrious, and you give security and wealth to
the nation, for in the pockets of the people should
be found the wealth of the Republic. I would,
sir, if in my power, make every quarter section
ofland in the Territories therhabitation of a free-
man. I would dot it all over with smiling homes,
the abodes of comfort. Then, sir, the country
would reap a thousand fold the value of her
lands. And then, in due time, would spring up
the improvements of the age; first school and
church, then town and city, with railroads, com-
merce, and manufactories in theirdue proportion,
and in each new State would be the elements of
an empire. And, sir, it would give security and
stability to your political institutions, the land-
holder having the means of prosperity within his
power, secured to him by the Government, real-
izes that he is an integral part of it; that her pros-
Eerity is his prosperity; that her permanence is
is security; and that he has a direct interest in
her advancement. He is as jealous of her honor
as of his own, and will protect it as surely. And,
sir, it is a palpable fact, that in our cities, and
proportionably in our towns and counties where
there are found the most landless persons, where
men have no permanent homes, there is found the
field of operation of the corrupt and the design-
ing; there the elective franchise is but lightly
held; there the demogogue plots his foul work,
and there national interests and national honor are
the playthings of unprincipled politicians.
Look you, sir, to our large cities, where the
swaying masses of unlocated life sweep on-
wards, politically, regardless of anything and
everything but their own passions or vile polit-
ical venality. And each succeeding political
campaign shows more clearly the growing dan-
ger to our institutions from this element of politi-
cal power; and hence it is becoming more and
more apparent that the permanence of our insti-
tutions must, to a very great extent, depend upon
the virtue and integrity of our agricultural and
country districts, where industry is rewarded,
and labor, the great element of wealth and power,
is made honorable, and the intelligence and vir-
tue of the people nurtured and promoted. Homes,
sir, independent homes, however humble, are the
nursing mothers of morality and virtue, and the
bulwarks of free republican institutions. Aug-
ment them, sir, by the policy of your laws; aug-
ment them by the liberality of the Government,
until we can proclaim to the nations of the earth
that this is a nation of homes. Then you may
dismantle your fortresses and disband your ar-
mies; save millions to the Government; and re-
turn to the original theory of the Republic, that
her sure defense is the willing hearts and hands
of the people, surer and stronger than the appli-
ances of standing armies, or the monuments of
masonry which compose our fortifications.
Sir, there are hundreds of thousands in our
country, worthy inhabitants, who are laboring
from day to day for a scanty allowance, barely
sufficient to support their families; who are de-
pendent on their labor for sustenance; and who,
while adding to the aggregation of wealth in the
hands of the rich and intolerant, are sinking their
identity in the great mass of dependents that are
accumulating in city, town, and country. That
class the Government should aid and succor.
They, sir, have no agents about these lobbies,
urging, with the energy of wealth, high protective
duties for their benefit. No rich Army contract
finds its way to their hands. No well-paid office
gladdens the heart of the laborer and his scantily-
fed family. He pays a tax on all he consumes,
without complaining. Sir, will not the Govern-
ment extend to him and them the means of adding
to her own and their prosperity, by saying: till
the land that nature spreads out in boundless
quantities before you ?
But, Mr. Chairman, there is still another rea-
son that commends itself to my mind. It is the
practical protection and protective policy to the
great free labor interest of the United States; not
to the North or South alone, nor to East or West,
but to that element and interest wherever it may
be found. It enables it to assert its right to the
high position to which it is entitled in the political
