1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
economy of our Government. Sir, it gives it i
manhood and vigor; H enables it to declare its !
own superiority over its great antagonism, slave i
labor; meets that great question of the day at the j
threshold, and, by the power of its own intrinsic 1
merit, defies and overthrows it, not by the polit- i
ical organizations and wrangling disputations of i
party chieftains; not by the power of Executive j
interference; but by the moral and political power |
that free labor engenders in the hearts and souls I
of free men that have known and felt its reward j
and dignity.
To accomplish this, I would induce emigration j
from the South of the free, laboring men of the |
South, who, by the effects of a land-monopoly sys- j
tem inseparable from the institution of slavery, j
are landless and dependent, to the Territories, j
where, with an equal right to the soil, they would, '
with their own labor, thus honorable, become the
molders of their own fortunes; and proud of their
own creations, they would spurn the chains that
had restrained their energies; and, being now in-
dependent, would hate oppression in any form,
and would cherish those institutions which tend
to elevate and ennoble mankind. Think you that,
in a Territory where the laborer and his family
are tasting the sweets of the fruits of his own toil,
where his own nights are acknowledged, where
he teaches his children the precepts of justice
and humanity, slavery and oppression can find a
safe abode? No, sir; the common sense of man-
kind responds, it cannot; and if ever the slave-
holding States permit this question to be fully
met and discussed, its demonstiation will be as
a light to the path of the laboring man to a land
wheto slavery is not tolerated. Sooner or later,
that proposition will call lorth the latent energies
of the non-slaveholder in the slave State?, which,
when once aroused, will piove more potent than
any agency of a political character, from what-
ever quarter it may come. Sir, the strong man
may be bound for a time, but, ere long, he will
break the bands that have bound him, and stand
erect in the pride of his own manhood, in this,
the North will have no agency; but m the settle- ;
mem of the common Territories of the country, ;
she demands that her teeming population shall j
beai their just part in the organization and shaping j
of their moral and political destinies. The twenty I
million inhabitants of the northern States will send 1
their due proportion of emigration to any new ,
country or territory, wherever it may be opened
for settlement, whether in Central America or ,
within the Territories of the United States. Adopt
the policy 1 have indicated, and, in my judgment, ,
slavery would find us own safe habitation within !
the present slave States.
With this belu'i, i say to all those who desire
tho acquisition of moie territory, whether it be
south or north, if it can be honorably and justly
acquued, 1 ha\e no objections. But, Mr. Chair-
man, it must be ior freedom,and not foi slavery; |
and, m the plan 1 have proposed, I beheve that j
guaiantee is sure. Setile any country with free j
lauoiers; give them the means of prosperity, by j
the exercise of a due degiee of energy and indus-
try, aud they wiii abhor slaveiy, becausc of its
gieut moral and social wrong. Where the people
have made their own homes and erected their own
altais: wheie the father aud the son have toiled i
foi their own independence, and, by their success,
made glad, happy firesides; where liberty is loved ■
and freedom veneiated; there, sir, you may pile
mountain high JDred Scott decisions; there you |
may send your slave code from congiessional
halls; yet slavery will not be, it cannot live, in !
such an atmosphere. The people will not resist ■
yoiu laws, but there will be no victims for their :
vengeance. This is the clement that has driven j
it from many of the States, once slaveliolding, but
now free; it is the element that is now rearing j
monuments to mark its power m Missouri, and j
is the hope of her freedom. j
The property element is the most sensitive of |
any element m our political economy, it shrinks !
instinctively from the approach of danger; it trem- ;
bles when political elements are stiired. Men will
face danger themselves, but they will not hazard
their piopcrty. Stocks vibrate at the first symp-
tom of a panic, and go down at the first cry of
civil commotion. Think you, then, that the mas-
ter will tiustlus slaves where the moral sense of
the community is formed by free laboring emi-
grants of the North and South? I believe not. The
planter emigrates but seldom; his movements are
tardy; his investments are large; time is required
•for .preparation to emigrate; and like the capital-
ist of the North, but few compatively seek new
habitations in the early settlement of a country;
while the young, the enterprising, and the in-
dustrious, non-land and non-slaveholders, flock to
the new country to better their condition, and to
acquire permanent estates. This is the course of
natural ordinary emigration, and any otherchar-
acter of emigration;unnaturalin its progress, and
not prompted by motives of individual interest,
but in the hands of plotting, scheming men, de-
signed to effect some political purpose, or to ac-
complish some object not for the interest of the
masses, subserves no good purpose cither to the
Te rntory orcountry.
Hut, sir, aside from this result, the policy is a
just one; it is the natural offspring of our institu-
tions; it induces a natural, not a forced, emigration;
it tends to the elevation of the worthy and indus-
trious; opening avenues of success to the hum-
ble, yet enterprising citizen, and is in accordance
with the true theory and genius of the Constitu-
tion and spirit of a free Government; it develops
the physical resources of the country and moral
powerof the people,and induces a high equality,
without which a republican Government cannot
produce the full measure of the fruits of its mis-
sion. And while, in addition to this, it admin-
isters a corrective to the doctrine of the extension
of slavery, it so much the more commends itself
to my approbation.
Ayp gentlemen wanting in confidence of this
result? 1 would point them to the history of the
State of Illinois on the subject of slavery. It will
be remembered that, under the operation of the
ordinance of 1787, and the action of Congress after
the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States, slavery was prohibited in all the North-
western Territory, which included theTerritory,
now the State, of Illinois. And while it should be
admitted that the slaves held by the old French set-
tlers prior to that ordinance, were permitted to be
held still as slaves under a claim of treaty stipu-
lations; and while, for the time, the system of in-
dentured servants was adopted, both in violation
of the spirit and letter of law, yet so marked was
the policy of the Government in relation to that
Territory, against slavery, that it fixed the charac-
ter of emigration to that country. The non-land-
holder and the non-slaveholder rapidly emigrated
to Illinois, to avoid an institution that had, m the
slave Utates from which they removed, been ruin-
ous to their interests; while the slaveholders, more
slowly, butstcadiiy, emigiated, with then slaves,
to Missouri, where slavery was established; and
comparatively but few, save slaveholders, located
there in the early years of that Territory.
In this manner was fixed the character of emi-
gration by the policy of legislation, which, though
different in terms from that now proposed, tended
to and contemplated the same results. And this
if adopted will, in my opinion, produce the same
distinctive character of emigration, and result in
the same consequences; which are, that while the
Temtoi y is equally open, with ail its advantages,
to pvcry citizen of the United States, irrespective
of his location or puisuits, yet, sir, discourages,
and, I trust, will prevent the importation of .slaves
and the institution of slavery, a State institution
only, which attaches to the State government, and
not to the people personally, into the Government
Territories.
The emigration to Illinois, until after the adop-
tion of her State constitution in 1818, and,in fact,
until 1825, was, by a large majoiity, fiom the
slaveholding States; and yet, while many of the
leading politicians of that young State were anx-
ious that it should become a slave State, and plied
the political machinery under their control to
effect that object, yet the very people who had
known from practical experience the effect and
working of the institution of slavery, both in a
social and political view, by a large and decided
majority, voted Illinois a free State. And thus,
in lact, the emigiants from slave States, having
realized and felt the benefits of free institutions
in the reward of industry, are now found the ad-
vocates of freedom.
The character of emigration to Missouri being
different, yet both voluntary and natural, it be-
, came a slave State. Afterwaids, in 1823, the rest-
i less, aspiring politicians, knowing then, as now,
the political power of slavery, again agitated the
question of adopting the institution of slavery in
that State. That could only be done by a change
of the State constitution; and, to accomplish this>
it was necessary that two thirds of each braneh
of the Legislature should concur in a law submit-
ting the proposition of a call of aconvention to
amend the constitution to the people. This ma-
jority was found, and the question submitted,
when it was fully and freely discussed; but the
laboring people, the masses, who had homes, and
a direct interest in the well-being of the country,
rose in their strength and again, by a decisive
majority, declared against slavery; and thus, I
trust, put forever at rest thatquestion in our State.
And this is illustrative of a fact which I,believe
exists: that, while many of the politicians of the
country are in favor of slavery, the great mass
and heart of the people Are opposed to it, and de-
mand us non-extension, and will not be satisfied
with the very extraordinary position of the north-
ern Democracy, that the institution of slavery is
merely a question of convenience and self-inter-
est; or, in the language of Judge Douglas, in his
New Orleans speech, recently delivered, is a mat-
ter of climate and interest. He says, speaking,
of slavery:
" In my opinion, the people will want it, arid will have it
if their climate and productions are favorable to its profita-
ble use. Consequently, the existence of slavery in a Teru-
toryis a question to l>e determined by climate and necessity
and self-interest, and not by congressional legislation."
To him, and to that part of the Democracy that
he represents, the question of slavery extension
is a matter of no interest: and of entire indiffer-
ence to him, or them, whether the Territories of
our common country arc free or slave.
Sir, this is not the voice and sentiment of the
people; they are an affirmative people, as their
fathers were, and will not be contentmuch longer,
when the question is made by the two great po-
litical parties, to fold^their arms and say, we
have no interest in this .gieat matter. They are
beginning to see that it is their duty to range
themselves on the one side or the other, and not
indirectly throw their political power on the side
of slavery extension, when they are at heart op-
posed to it. This complex and deceptive policy
will not survive but a little longer, and when the
sentiments of the people shall be. made known,
and their Representatives fearless of party politi-
cal consequences, speak and vote them on this
floor, the slavery question will be settled in a
day.
The next proposition in the resolution offered,
is, that the people of a Territory shall provide for
and pay the current expenditures of such terri-
torial government.
This proposition seems to be suggested as the
natural result or consequence of the two former.
Having provided the settler with a generous do-
nation of land from which to produce an annual
return, and which, from the character of our ter-
ritoual possessions and the fertility of the soil, is
realized abundantly the first season of improve-
ment and cultivation, I am unable to see any just
reason why the current expenditures of such terri-
torial government should not be borne by its in-
habitants, the General Government providing for
tho erection of public buildings and ordinary pub-
lic improvements, by appropriations of money
or donations of land for that purpose; also, by
appropriations of land for school purposes, as
has become the settled policy of the Government,
makinga permanent fund for educational objects,
the burden for governmental purposes will cer-
tainly not be more onerous than were the same
burdens in the States from which they may have
removed; and, having the power to elect their
own officers and fix the amount of their salaries,
they alone will be to blame that the expenses of
such government are not restricted to the reason-
able governmental wants of the people, in view
of their number and localities.
It is true that, under our present system of ter-
ritorial governments, the expenditures are large
and would be burdensome to the people of a
sparsely-settled Territory. But, sir, they arc un-
reasonably large. Why, the pay of territorial
officers generally, and in fact always, far exceeds
the pay of like officers in the States where there
is any similarity in the amount of duties to be
performed. We pay the Governors in Kansas
and Nebraska $2,500 per annum, and the judges
