1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
during the recess, and he will have to find out the
means of making work for himself duringthe va-
cation, if this resolution be passed. I think, if
you allow a permanent clerk to every committee,
he can succeed in finding something to do during
the recess; whether he can find enough to justify
us in paying him $1,200 a year, I do not know,
but I doubt it very much. It is said he must keep
the records. So far as merely keeping them safe
until the next session is concerned, that, I be-
lieve, has hitherto always been done by the Secre-
tary of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask my friend from
Arkansas if he will permit me to move an exec-
cutive session for a few minutes ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Directly. I
will only say that I will not vote for the resolu-
tion. I will say nothing more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia moves to amend the resolution by
striking out" the same as that of the clerk of the
Committee on Finance,"and inserting}' $1,200."
Mr. DAVIS. The resolution was offered by
the Senator from Georgia. I did not think it ne-
cessary for me to say that I accepted the amend-
ment, but, if it be necessary, I accept it.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope that, if clerks are
to be kept by the Committee on Finance and the
Committee on Claims, this gentleman will receive
the same salary. I will vote with any of the Sen-
ators who are opposed to this resolution, to dis-
pense with the other committee clerks; but, I
think if they are kept, this one ought to be. I
have never asked him to perform any service for
me; but I think he is as useful a clerk as any clerk
in the employment of the Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. IVERSON. Let us take this question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This question will not be
taken to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The Chair does not understand that the motion
for an executive session can be entertained unless
this business is postponed, or otherwise disposed
of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the right, I think,
to move to go into executive session at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICUR. The Senator
has a right to require that the doors be closed for
any purpose that ho indicates.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, and others. Let us vote
on this question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to go into executive
session, because I cannot permit this resolution
to be passed
Mr. DAVIS. You can vote against it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am compelled to vote
against it, and to oppose it in every way in my
power. This attempt has been repeated session
after session, ever since 1 have been in the Senate.
The whole subject was taken up deliberately two
years ago, ami a special committee appointed for
determining the rights of these clerks. That com-
' mittee reported on the subject, and the whole
question was settled definitely by our rules; but
now it seems it is to be opened for each clerk,
one by one. Do gentlemen suppose that this clerk
will be allowed to be employed permanently with-
out the chairmen of other committees moving to
make the same provision for their clerks?
There are twenty-two committees in the Sen-
ate. If each committee clerk is to be made a per-
manent clerk, we shall he making twenty-two
new officers, and it will take some thirty or forty
thousand dollars per annum to pay these salaries.
Is this the time for such work as that? Is it m
the present state of the Treasury that we ought
to be doing these things ? This whole matter was
thoroughly settled some two years ago, and a
standing rule of the Senate made, and I call on
the Secretary to read the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the floor, and I have
called for the reading of the rule on the subject
of committee clerks. There is a standing rule on
that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the rule to which he refers ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a standing rule of
the Senate determining the mode of employing
jderks to committees and their compensation.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Seneator
from Louisiana is going to debate this question
any longer, it is certainly better to let it pass by.
He intimates that that is his object.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to make a suggestion.
The Senate will meet to-morrow in special ses-
sion, which will continue for several days. Any
question connected with the compensation of
clerks can be better discussed then than now,
when we are pressed with business, and all of us
are exhausted. This matter ought to be deliber-
ately acted on when the body is full, and not at a
period of time like this. I shall vote against any
resolution of the kind at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Louisiana, that he is in-
formed that there was a resolution passed in the
Senate, but that there is no rule on the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It may have been in the
shape of a resolution. I remember it was re-
ported by the special committee of which I was
chairman, and the whole matter was thoroughly
discussed. But I desire to renew my motion to
go into executive session; and for that purpose 1
move to lay the resolution on the table, and we
can take it up at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BENJ AMIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened at twenty minutes before three o'clock,
a. m.
FERDINAND COXE.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senate to take up and
pass the bill for the relief of Ferdinand Coxe. It
has been before the Court of Claims and examined
there, and it has also passed the House. It only
allows him about six hundred dollars.
Mr. BROWN. Before we take up the bill, I
want to know whether it is likely that the Presi-
dent will sign it. I think it was indicated here
to-night that it would not be done.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood the President
said thai; but I will risk it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. C. C., No. 84) for the relief of
Ferdinand Coxe. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to him the sum of $GG2 69, in full
as charge d 'affaires to the Court of Brazil, from (lie
12th of May, 1853, to the 16th of August, 3853,
being the difference between his salary as secre-
tary of legation and that of a full charge d'affaires.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment,, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know some-
thing about that bill.
Mr. IVERSON. It is a House bill from the
Court of Claims, and only appropriates about six
hundred dollars.
_ Mr. HUNTER. Did the Couit of Claims de-
cide in favor of it ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
GOTLIEB SCHEERER.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. II. No.
648) for the relief of Gotleib Scheeiei.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It releases him from the payment of a
judgment, on a forfeiture of bail as bondsman for
the appearance of Joseph Hill, in the district
court of the United States for the eastern district
of Pennsylvania, and directs the district attorney
to enter satisfaction for the judgment.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with an amendment, to add the following:
Upon tile payment of the costs of the United State* in
the proceedings against the said Joseph Hill, and the costs
of suit against the said Gotleib Scheerer.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt that the bill
ought to pass with the amendment. The amend-
ment is proper. Of course, the United States
should have no costs to pay. It simply relieves
the party from an obligation connected with recog-
nizance entered into for the appearance of a pris-
onei who forfeited his bail. The party was
charged with crime, and great exertions, and at
considerable expense, it appears, were made, by
the petitioner, forthe purpose of procuring the at-
tendance of the party that he might be tried. They
were made in vain. This person telegraphed all
over the Union to find him. The sum is about
four thousand dollars, and it would be ruinous to
him, if he were compelled to pay it. It takes
nothing out of the Treasury. It is the execution
of a penalty in a case in which the party, from
the evidence, I think, acted in good faith, and was
deceived by the person for whom he became bail.
The amendment provides that he shall pay the
costs before he is released.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Thomas Henderson, praying that he
may bo permitted to purchase a certain tract of
Government land, on which he has located, and
which he has improved, submitted an adverse
report; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of George C.Johnson,
praying the passage of a bill for the ad judication
; of the validity ol a Mexican grant by the United
States district court for the northern district of
California, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of George C.Johnson. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 578) to release the
payment for the town site of the city of San Fran-
cisco, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordeied to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 579) to authorize
the investigation of asserted titles to the Hot
Springs of Ouachita, in the State of Arkansas, re-
I ported it without amendment.
He alio, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of certain Wyandot
reservees, reported a bill to confirm a certain res-
ervation therein named. The bill was read, and
; passed to a second reading.
GEORGE B. BACON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN obtained the floor.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky toyield for a moment. Some time ago, the
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] moved
to take up the bill No. 454. I suggested, then,
that it would be useless to take it up, as probably
the House could not pass it; and the Senate re-
fused to take it up. He has urged me to move
to reconsider. I am perfectly willing that that
vote shall be reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) It is unnecessary to move to re-
consider. The Senator can renew the motion.
Does the Senator move to take the bill up?
Mr. IVERSON. I leave that to the Senator
from Connecticut. I do not know anything about
the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought the Senator
from Georgia merely wished to make a motion
to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not ne-
cessary to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate refused to take up the bill. The motion can
be renewed.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to take it up. It will
take but a moment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There has been some
misunderstanding on this subject. I was entitled
to the floor, and the Senator from Georgia asked
me to yield to allow him to make a motion to re-
consider. 1 was willing to do that, but not to
take up a bill. I thought he wished merely to
enter the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOSTER. It will take but a moment to
consider this bill. If there is any debate upon it,
I will not insist upon its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
454) for the relief of George B. Bacon, late acting
purser of the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, was read
a second time, and consideTed as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
! Treasury to allow to George B. Bacon, late acting
