f'JfE ©ONGRESSIO'NAL ©LOBE.
March 8,
Mr. KING. I ;kn<rw the papers were in com-
jnittce. ,
Mi%-CRITTENDEN. The papers are mis-
kid. I therefore beg leave to offer a new bill
now, so that I shall be placed m the same situa-
tion-that I would have bee,n if the .bill had not
been mislaid after i,t l>ad beep referred to the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
.Kentucky asks general consent to be allowed to
introduce a bill in ]\$u of one which has bjeen mis-
laid. The Chair hears no objection. The Sec-
retary will read the bill.
Mr. STUART. We all know what it is; there
is no objectio-n to.it.
The bill for therr-elief of Stewart McGowan was
read the first time by its title, and passed to asec-
ond reading.
Mr. JONES. I will state that the papers are
not mislaid. They are in the desk at the com-
mittee-roonl, and the key is with the clerk, who
has gone to his rest. They were referred first to
the Committee on Pensions, and then to the Com-
missioner of Pensions, and then to the Third
Auditor's ofiice, for information, all of which was
obtained and is now in the diawer in the commit-
tee-room.
Mr STUART. Let us pass this bill.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
it directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Stewart McGowan on the roll of in-
valid pensioners, and pay him twenty dollars a
month, commencing on the 1st of January, 1&59,
and to continue during Ins natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ABBY S- CHAPLIN.
Mr. JONES. 1 will ask the Senate to1 take up
the bill (S. No. 58G) for the relief of Mis*. Chap-
lin, the widow of Colonel Snelling, late of the
United Slams Army. It is a very strong ense.
Her husband contracted disease in the service of
the Army, which continued until his death, it is
attested by the very best kind of proof. -There
is no mistake about that. The widow is now in
very indigent circumstances, and is compelled to
depend upon her friends for h r daily bread.
Air. PEARCE. The widow of whom?
Mr. JONES. Of Colonel Snelling.
Mr. 1MCARCE. Did she marry «ujain ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; and her second hus-
band died.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
586) for the relief of Abby S. Chaplin was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
In directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Abby S. Chaplin, widow uf Colonel
Josiah Snelling, deceased, late of the United States
Army, upon the pension Jim, at the mte of half-
pay proper of the rank h/>!d at the time of his
death, from the 15th of February, ]S5b\
The bill was reported to the" Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was; read the third time.
Mr. CJ_.A\ . The Senator from Iowa assured
us that tiie bill was sustained by the very best
kind of testimony, tending to siiow that tin's man
died in the service of his country, or, at least,
fioin diseases contracted m the service, and 1
would suggest this as a very pertinent question;
why the application has not been made to the
Pension bureau, and why the pension was not
granted theie? What is the necessity of coming
to Congress?
Mr. JONES. Well, Mr. President 
Mr STUART. Do not debate it.
Mr. JONES. I will not, if it will pass with-
out. It will not pass the House anyhow.
The bill was passed.
MRS. ANN SMITH.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to call up the bill for
the relief of the widow of General Persifer P.
Smith.
Mr. JONES. That is exactly what I wanted
to do.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
ruder *he bill (S!. No. 413) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann Smith, widow of the late BrevetMajor Gen-
eral Persifer P. Smith. ♦
The Committee on Pensions reported it with
an amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
"That the Secretary of the lofnior be directed to place the
claim of Mrs. Ann Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major
General Persifer F. Smith, on the pension roll, at the nite
of fifty dollars per month, from the 17th day of May, 1858,
for and during hernatut.il life;" and to insert in heu thereof:
"That the Secretary of the Interior he, and he hereby is, au-
thorized and required to place the name of Ann M. Smith,
widow ot the late General Persifet F. Smith, United States
Army, upon the pension list, at the rate of half pay proper
to the rank held by the deceased at the tune of ins death."
Mr. DAVIS. This case is known so generally
to the Senate and as one of such high merit, that
I think it is unnecessary to say anything about
it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will only add that
this widow is entirely destitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendment was concurred in, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time. It was read the thiid time and passed.
THANKS TO THE VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to present a resolution which
I feel sure will receive a unanimous and a cordial
response from this body. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate aie due, and
hereby arc tendered, to the Hon. John O. BRRoutNRtDm:,
for the courteous, digmried.and impartial manner in which
he has discharged the ro^ponMhle and arduous duties of
Pie-idmg Otfieei of this body, during the piesent se^ion.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
LUCY A. WAKEFIELD.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the Senate now to take
up and consider bill (H. R. No. 8t>3) for the re-
lief of Lucy A. Wakefield, widow of Benjamin
Wakefield. It will occupy no time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
it directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to Lucy A. Wakefield, the widow
of Benjamin Wakefield, or in case of her death,
then to his child or children, the amount of the
appropriation made for bis relief by act of Con-
gress of date June 5, l£5S.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ABRAM EDWARDS,
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pitch,} whom 1 am
very sorry not to see in his seat, m his energy to
report from the Committee on Printing a day or
two ago, prevented me from doing an act of Jus-
tin* to a neighbor and very excellent gentleman,
lie was tormeily register of the land office at
Kalamazoo, and the Government owes him some
sixteen hundred dollars. I move to take up his
bill and pass it. It does not propose to give him
anything, but only to pay him what we owe him.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The bill is not on the Calen-
dai; but it was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands the day Wore yesterday, or a few
days ago.
The bill (S. No. 607) to provide for the final
settj^njent of the account of Abram Edwards, late
register of the land office at Kalamazoo, Michigan,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committc,eof the Whole. It directs ?he Secretary
'of the Treasury to pay him the sum of#1,666 59,
that being the amount certified to be due him by
the Commissioner of the General Laud Office* on
the 13th of December, 1849.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to b-e engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SYLVANUS BURNHAM-
Mr. STUART. I move to take a recess for
fifteen minutes.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator wiK withdraw
that motion for the present. 1 wish to call up a
small pension bill for the relief ofSylvanus Burn-i
hnm.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
The motion af Mr. Kikg was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 233) for
the relief of Sylvanus Burnham.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to place the
name ofSylvanus Burnham upon the ioll of in-
valid pensioners, and cause to be paid to him
eight dollars per month, cotwnencing from and
after the 14th of November, 1850, and to continue
during his natural life.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it in my
power to object here ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Senator can make a
speech to the bill. It is taken up and now before
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will have to be done
by a vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single ob-
jection does not carry the bill over. It has been
taken up, and the question now is on its third
reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I very much
regret it. I move to lay the bill on the table, and
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I have no disposition to press it
if theie is objection on the part of any consider-
able number of Senators. I called it up because
it was a House bill which I believed to be meri-
torious. I did not believe there would be any
objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I know the
Senator would not wish to da an ungenerous
thing, but he is evidently doing it now. I do not
agree to taking up the bill myself.
Mr. STUART. It would probably prove a
serious objection if we were to call the yeas and
nays now; and I think the Senator will answer
his purpose if he will allow me to take a recess
for fifteen minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before that is
done, I would be glad to say a word on the sub-
ject. I said that this was an ungenerows thing;
and I will explain to the Senatoi why I said so.
The reason of H is this: if this is petmitted to be
done, it is taking advantage of a gentleman who,
it seems to me, under this Government, has about
as few disposed take care of his good name, or
to save him fiom unjust odium, as any one I
know of in the Republic, in all its length and
breadth. So soon as you pass this bill, simply
from the fact that it is known that it will never
become a law, the whole odium will be thrown
upon the President of the United States because
he dors not sign it. The Senator knows it would
not pass otherwise.
Mr. KING. I am the ?ast man to take advant-
age of Mr. Buchanan. I am willing to waive any
(juestion, and will consent to the recess.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. \ do not be-
lieve we could consume the time bc-tter; but I wish
to say another thing.
Mr. KING. Indeed, I was disposed, the mo-
ment McGowan's bill was passed, to move a re-
cess.
Mr. JOHNSON* of Aikansas. Has another
one passed ?
Mr. BROWN. A dozen have been passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must say I
do not see how gentlemen can sit here and he so
disregardful of their plain duties as to permit these
bills to pass. Senators know they cannot become
laws.
Mr. KING. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. Is the Senator
entitled to the floor, or myself?
Mr. KING. 1 think the Senator is reflecting
on the Senate. The Senate isnot<{oing to act in
a manner that is improper. I will yield to a mo-
tion for a recess.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
cannot take the door to make a point of order, and
•then submit a motion before the point of order is
decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
ponH of order?
Mr- KING. It is that the Senator was reflect-
ing on Jh« Senate in relation to this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
