1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
made for a conference, it must be upon a speedy
movement, and every moment of delay in read-
ing what seems to me to be entirely useless, de-
feats ail possibility or chance of accomplishing
the object the Senator has in view; and certainly
we must not defeat legislation. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw the call, and let us take the
question.
Mr. BRODERICK. I withdraw my call for
the present; but if the motion for a committee of
conference failSj I shall renew the call for the
reading of the entire amendments.
Mr. GWIN. I will make a single suggestion
to the Senator from Virginia. We have two and
a half hours before the Senate adjourns, and a
very few additions can be put on this bill which
would enable the public service to go on. I think
if he would submit to a committee of conference,
they could, in twenty minutes, agree on certain
items that could be inserted in the bill which there
would be no difficulty in passing through the two
Houses of Congress, and continue the service of
the country. There are numerous amendments
which a committee of conference, under the cir-
cumstanccs, would not consider at all, bccause
they have not the time. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that the loss of some amendments does groat
injustice, because it stops the whole mail service
to the Pacific coast by ocean steamers. I may
say also that there is now no possibility of pass-
ing the Post Office appropriation bill. There is
one great consideration connected with this bill
which disinclines me to make any dispute about
it, and that is that it provides means to carry on
the Government, and I know the anxiety of the
Senator from Virginia for the purpose of securing
that object. That provision was placed on the
bill by a very close vote, I think only one or two
majority in the House. If I thought that asking
for a committee of conference would jeopard the
bill, I would not, notwithstanding the great injury
it will inflict on my State, make a point on this
matter; but really I believe that if the Senator from
Virginia will submit to a confcrence, we can, in
the course of half an hour, have a bill which will
not be objected to by the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I want the sense of the Sen-
ate. I believe, if we send the bill back, it will
probably be lost. If the Senate say they will not
recede, and prefer to have a committee of confer-
ence, well and good; I shall be freed from respons-
ibility. I am taking a course which I believe to
be necessary to save the bill, on which depends
the means by which the Government is to be car-
ried on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate recedc from its amend-
ments to which the House has disagreed.
Mr. BRODERICK. I thought the motion of
the Senator from Florida, for a committee of con-
ference, was first in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Virginia takes precedence.
Mr. YULEE. A single word. I ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia on what ground he says the
House will not agree to a conference? It would
be an unreasonable humor on their part that they
should refuse to confer with us.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say they would re-
fuse a conference; but I said, if we send the bill
back there, considering what little time there is
left, and the nature of the opposition to it, we en-
danger the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I promise him that a committee
of conference will not endanger it, if those who
are friendly to the amendments have anything to
do with the committee. I am satisfied we can
make a temporary arrangement that will answer
the purpose.
Mr. BRODERICK. I insist on the reading of
the amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. Go on and read them.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
And be it further enacted. That from and after the passage
of lli is act, each member of the Senate who may attend any
extra or called session of the Seriate, m the recess of Con-
gre s, and who was not a member of either House of Con-
gress at the expiration of the Congress preceding such extra
ot called session of the Senate, shall be entitled to receive
}n= mileage at said extra or called session of the Senate ;
and that such Mini as may be necessary to pay the mileage
afoiesaid be, and the same is hereby, appropuated oat of
any money in the Tiea^urv not otherwise appropriated.
Thiity-seventh amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized and directed to contract with responsi-
ble bidders for the transportation of the United States mail
between New York and Astoria, via Panama and San Fran-
cisco, semi-monthly, and require said contractors to trans-
port on the Pacific ocean such mail matter as may pass over
the Tchuantepec route, as hereinafter authorized: Pro-
vided, The time between New York and San Francisco
shall not exceed twenty-two days, and that the whole eost
shall not exceed $525,000 per annum for the service be-
tween New Yoik and Astoria.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall also contract with responsible parties for the transpor-
tation of the mails semi-monthly between New Orleans and
San Francisco, via Tchuantepec; and ariange for the con-
nection of said mail? on the Pacific with the mails via Pan-
ama, as directed in the preceding section: Provided, That
the time between New Orleans and San Ft ancisco shall not
exceed fifteen days; and tluit the cost of said service shall
not exceed the sum of $250,000 per annum.
Jlnd be it, further enacted, That the contracts herein di-
rected shall be made tiom the expiration ot the existing
contracts until the 30th day ot June, A. D. 1861,
And be it fur-'her enacted. That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to contract
wuli Carlos Butterheld and Ins associates, who are to be
styled £t The United States and Mexican Mail Steamship
Company," for the conveyance of the mads from and to the
United States, and to and fiom the Republic of Mexico, m the
following order, namely: A steamer shall leave New Orleans
or Mobile on the 1st and lf>th days of each month, touching
fiist at Galveston, Matagorda 13ay, Brazos de Santiago,
Tampico, Vera Ciuz, Coatzaeoalcos, Tabasco, Laguna,
Campeche, Sisal, and all oihei ports in said circuit that may
hereafter be ascertained to be piaeticable, including Sabine
Pass, and thence to New Orleans or Mobile ; and on the
8th and 24th days of each month a steamershall leaveNevv
Oilcan^ or Mobile, touching fust at Sisal, Campoche, La-
guna, Tabasco, Coatzaeoaleos, Veia Cruz, Tampico, Bia-
zos de Santiago, Matagorda 13ay, Galveston, and thence to
| New Orleans oi Mobile, thus accomplishing the fullcncuit
' of the Gulf, or four round voyages, per month.
And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid contract
shall be for a term of four yeais, and shall not involve, on
the part of the Government of the United States, an ex-
penditure exceeding §120,000 pei annum.
Mr. GWIN. I think, if my colleague will per-
mit the suspension for a moment, I can make a
suggestion that will probably relieve this difficulty,
ami that is, to amend the motion of the Senator
from Virginia, by moving that we recede from all
the amendments except those in regard to the
California service. I think the House will agree
to that at once.
Mr. YULEE. That will do.
Mr. HUNTER. That will not do. It sends
the bill back to the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
reading be continued, unless the demand for it
is withdrawn peremptorily.
The Secretary continued the reading.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
And be it finther enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized to complete the pur-
chase of the premises in the city of New York, now occu-
pied by the United States courts and their otiicers, under a
iease trom William E. Burton to the United States, and lo
pay foi the same out of the judiciary fund • Provided, A
sufficient amount theieof shall lcmaui unexpended at the
close ot the present fiscal year.
Forty-first amendment:
And be it further enacted, Tiiat the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Cleik of the House of Representatives are hereby
directed so to modify their contract with Gales &. Seaton
for publishing the continuation of the American State Pa-
pers, made under authority of the act of June 12, 1858, as
to stipulate that they be allowed .$10 50 a volume, on con-
dition that the said publishers shall defiay all expenses of se-
lecting, compiling, and arranging the documents according
to the late of compensation paid for the same services m
compiling and preparing the first seues; also the expense of
binding the same, and the expense of all lithographs and
wood engravings i equired in any of the documents; also the
expense of preparing full and proper indexes tor eaeh vol-
ume, and general indexes for eaeh class; and all other con
tuigent or incidental expenses whatever attending said pub-
lication ; and the said volumes shall he dehveied to the
Secretary of the Interior as the same may be completed,
who shall place three hundred copies in the Department of
State for its use and for exchange with foi emu Govern-
ments, and seven hundred copies in bw own Department
foi distribution to public libraries m the seveial States and
Territories, and hold the residue ot the copies in his cus-
tody subject to the further order of Congres- ; and the Sec
retary ot the Tieasuiy is hereby dnectcd to pay for the said
work as the same may be delivered, out of any money 111
the TieaMiry not otherwise appropriated, on the certificate
of the <ud Secretary ot the Interior: Provided, Tha' not
more than .$25,000 shall be so paid on account of said pub
lication during the current fiscal year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary has
| read the amendments to which the House has
disagreed. Will the Senate vote on all the amend-
ments together ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the first amend-
ment will be read again.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It has been read. I object
to reading it a second time.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wantto acton the amend-
ments separately. . I want to speak on the first
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the first amendment to which the House disa-
greed. If objection is made to the re-reading, the
question must be put to a vote of the Senate.
Mr. BRODERICK. I should like to hear it
read, because I want to call the attention of the
Senate to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Itis obvious that the whole
purpose of the Senator from California is to pro-
duce delay, and I shall not aid him in it. I object
to the reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
shall the amendment be again read? The Chair
will submit that to the Senate.
The question being taken, itwas decided in the
negative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Will the Senate recede from this amendment?"
Mr. BRODERICK. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to this amendment. I under-
stand it is the amendment to reduce the appropri-
ation for surveying the public lands in California,
from $103,000 to $43,000. I find that, through the
efforts of somebody, the House has been induced
to increase this appropriation to $103,000 again.
My State is left without a mail; there is no-pro-
vision made for the overland mail, or for the
steamer mails 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California, that the first
amendment which is now before the Senate is in
regard to the Treasury extension.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to
having the question put on that, but I want to
draw the attention of the Senate to the amend-
ment to which I have alluded. I think the House
has been humbugged—cheated.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
receding from the first amendment, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the second amendment. Will the Senate
recede from it?
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 should like to know
what it is, so that I can vote understandingly. 1
made a mistake before. I hope I shall not make
one again. I hope it will be read.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought the motion was to
recede from all the amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Separate votes are
demanded.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be stated what the
amendments are, so that we may vote understand-
ingly.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a proposition to make
to the Senator from California: suppose we take
separate votes oil the amendments in which he is
interested, and then let us take a vote on all the
other amendments together.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I make a prop-
osition to you, and that is that you consent to a
conference committee, and save my State-
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not do it.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I will exhaust the
time of the Senate, if I can get anybody to aid
me in it.
Several SENATOBte. No, no; that is not right.
Do not do it.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, I want to hear the
pending amendment read.
Mr. GIIEEN and Mr. ALLEN. I object.
Mr. BRODERICK. If it is not read, I want
to know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
re-reading the amendment; and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. Let the Secretary state
each amendment as it is reached.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will state what the next amendment is.
The Secretary. It is the amendment in re-
gard to surveys of the public land and private
land claims in California, reducing the appropri-
ation from $103,000 to $43,000.
Mr. BRODERICK. This is the amendment to
which I wished to call the attention of the Sen-
ate. The State of California has been cut off from
mail facilities, while the House has increased this
appropriation to its original amount, $103,000.
This was brought about by lobbying, as a mat-
ter of course; and I understand that several Sen-
ators took it upon themselves to lobby members
