1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57&
posed to subjecting the South to the approval of
a violation of our laws and treaties by giving
countenance to smuggling in cargoes of wild Af-
ricans. I am aware, sir, that Abolitionism would
be delighted to make up an issue with the De-
mocracy upon this question. But that wish will
not be gratified. Much as I hate and loathe this
Abolition party, let it come in whatever shape or
form it may, whether it comes like the daring
robber, or noiselessly like the cunning and stealthy
approach of the thief, I declare here to-day, as a
southern man, my unqualified opposition, as a
matter of expediency, to the reopening of the Af-
rican slave trade, could it be done legally. Not
that I have any sickly sentiments of Black Repub-
lican negrophilism that would suggest its im-
morality; not that 1 think it shocking to humanity
and outraging to the moral sense of Christendom;
for I believe slavery is a moral, social, and polit-
ical blessing, and has done more, and will yet
do more, under Providence, to enlighten, civilize,
and Christianize the world, than any human in-
stitution beneath the sun. No, not that I would
not as soon purchase a slave from the King of
Dahomey as from a Virginia planter; but I would
deplore it on account of the effect it would have
upon the South itself.
If the African slave trade be reopened, north-
ern cupidity willland them by the thousand upon
our southern coasts; soon the South will be
overrun with wild savages; our present docile,
contented, happy, and Christian slaves, will
either lapse into barbarism or be forced to flee
their homes, to which they are now so much at-
tached. Of course it is visionary to suppose
that this trade will be opened by any act of Con-
gress repealing the laws interdicting it; but the
duty which the South has to perform, if she
would maintain her high position in the eye of
the world and in her own estimation, is to
promptly frown down all efforts that are being
made, in contravention of law,to thatend. Viewed
politically, the South can never hope to regain
her lost equilibrium in the councils of the nation
—the scepter of power has departed forever.
"Why, then, make an'impracticable demand, as
some few of our southern citizens are doing ? Sir,
the South plants heiself proudly and fairly upon
her constitutional rights; and if she falls, she will
fall in defense of ri^ht, of truth, and her own
spotless honor, and not by the error of her own
aggressions. The Democratic party controls the
politics of the southern States, and it will set its
face against all violations of law, let them come
from any of our people, North or South. Re-
spect for law is the first duty of a free people;
disrobe it of its sanctity, anarchy prevails, and
liberty itself is endangered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr, SMITH, of Tennessee, who moved that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Smith, ofTen-
nessee, having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Stevenson reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the annual mes-
sale of the President of the United States, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRIS, of
Pennsylvania, (at nine o'clock and thirty-five
minutes,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January-25y 1859.
The Secretary called the Senate to order, and
said: Senators, I am requested by the Vice Pres-
ident to inform the Senate that he is unavoidably
absent to-day, and may be so for a few days.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Secretary, I move that
the Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick, of Alabama,
be the President pro tempore of the body.
The motion was unanimously agreed to; and
Mr. Fitzpatrick took the chair.
The Journal of yesterflay was read and approved.
Mr; BRIGHT. I move that the Secretary be
directed to apprise the President of the United
States and the House of Representatives that, in
the absence of the Vice President, the Senate have
chosen the Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid-before the
Senate the report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a statement of
the appropriations applicable to the service of the
War Department, for the fiscal year 1857-58, the
amount drawn from the Treasury by requisitions
during the same period, the balances on the 1st
July, 1858, and the appropriations carried to the
surplus fund; which, on motion of Mr. Stuart,
was ordered to I ie on the table, and be printed.
CAPTAIN CHARLES G. RIDGELY.
A message from the House of Representatives, i
by Mr. Alle>j, its Clerk, announced that he had ,
been directed by the House of Representatives to i
return to the Senate, in compliance with its re- j
quest, the bill (3. No. 144) for the relief of the [
legal representatives of Captain Charles G. Ridge- i
ly, of the United States Navy, which passed the
Senate and was sent to the House for concur-
rence.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED,
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (C. C. No. 88) for the relief of John Pee- j
bles—to the Committee on Claims. j
A bill (C. C. No. 89) for the relief of Nancy M. !
Johnson, administratrix of Walter R. Johnson, j
deceased — to the Committee on Naval Affairs. j
A bill (C. C. No. 90) for the relief of Emilie G. i
Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased— !
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. '
A bill (C. C. No. 810) for the relief of William !
Yearwoo'd, senior—to the Committee on Public ;
Lands.
A bill (No. 812) for the relief of Thomas Liv-
ingston, and his securities—to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 764) to provide for the settlement of!
the accounts of the late Lieutenant Colonel Lewis !
S. Craig, for his services in command of the mili-,
tary escort on the boundary commission—to the '
Committee on Claims. j
A bill (No. 820) providing for the payment of I
the expenses of investigating committees of the 1
House of Representatives—to the Committee on
Finance.
SECRECY OF EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the attention of the Senate
for a few minutes to a question of privilege. I
have observed in several newspapers, published
in the city of New York, what purported to be
narratives of the proceedings of the Senate in
executive session on Friday last. These pub-
lications are all of the same general character and
equally deserving of censure; but the most objec-
tionable is a telegraphic letter published in the
New York Herald of Saturday; and as that has
been affirmed to be substantially true, by one of the
newspapers published m this city, I will send the
paragraph to the Secretaiy's desk to be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" fn executive session to-day an angiynnd exciting dis-
cussion aiose between Judge Douglas and Senator Fitch,
when words* were used which it is thought must lead to a
duel. The debate occurred on the question of eonfmmng
Pottci. oi Ohio, as collector of Toledo. Mr Pugh opposed
Potter's nomination, as the man displaced was his fnend.
lie said il the Pte«uleiu desired an i<>ue with him, {TughJ
he was ready foi it. He denounced the appointment, and
called on every Senator who was his fPugh's] iiiend to
vote against it. Douglas responded, saying he would vote
with the Senator fiorn Ohio. He then blanched off on to
the Illinois appointments, and said they were dis-hone^t,
corrupt, and incompetent. Senator Fitch interrogated Doug-
las, and said it was untrue. Douglas again reiteiatcd what
lie bad said. Fitch again >-aid it was untiuc. Cries of order
were then made. Douglas continued the debate. Fitch
replied to Douglas with great bitterness, and said that Sen-
ators knew how to prize anjthingcommgfioni that quaiter.
Cries of order were again made. Doutilas then replied and
was called to oider. Motions were then made that Douglas
be allowed to go on in order. Jeff. Davis opposed it, and
said, turning to Douglas, he had listened with indignation
to the language used, and it was that of a highwayman and
bravo. The debate was continued some time, when amotion
was made and the Senate adjourned. It is said the lie was
given and most severe persona! remarks made."
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I owe it to others
as well as to myself—to the President of the Uni-
ted States, to tfte Senators from Illinois and In-
diana and Mississippi—to declare that that is a
partial, discolored, and therefore a false report.
I shall say no more at present in that regard; but
I give notice, that unless the rules of the-Senate
for the transaction of executive business are
hereafter enforced, and such breaches of privilege
as this prevented, X shall not hold myself under
any obligation of secrecy when thus misrepre-
sented. If the debates of the Senate in execu-
tive session are to be reported and made public-,
we ought, at least, to have the right of correcting
and revising them, even if we have not the,ad-
vantage of our own experienced and accurate
reporters.
Mr. FITCH. I perfectly coincide with what
the Senator from Ohio has said as to the impro-
priety of the publication of what occurs in exec-
utive session; but the fact is, all ourproceedings
here appear to be known, or if not known, sur-
mised, and newspaperarticles are based upon them
within twenty-four hours after the adjournment
of a secret session. It is wrong. It is not for me
to point out the method of correction, but perhaps
an appropriate remedy for one difficulty too apt
to occur m secret session, would be to have a
sworn reporter, and let everything said in execu-
tive session be reported and preserved by him, as
a record to be referred to hereafter, with no view,
of course, to printing it. This might operate as
a check upon personalities between Senators, and
prevent any Senator making grave charges against
any gentleman who is not here, and cannot be
here, to defend himself. A knowledge that the
injunction of secrecy might be removed, and the
charges made public, would possibly prevent
many from being made. But if everything said
or done here is to be bruited to the four winds al-
most immediately, I hope never to see another
secret session of this boay.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, though I concur
with the Senator from Ohio that this report is
incorrect, and it may be proper to characterize it
as he did, a more important consideration lies
beyond. It is quite evident there has been a crimi-
nal breach of the confidence of the Senate. It is
quite evident that that letter could not have been
written by one who did not get at leasta portion
of his information from a person enjoying the
confidence of the Senate in its executive sessions.
I think, therefore, that it is due to the Senate that
inquiry should be instituted to know by what
means events occurring m executive session go
forth and get into the newspapers of the country.
In addition to that, it is due to myself to say, that
if such a-controversy as is described did exist, or
ever should exist, I trust no one who knows mt
will believe that I would interpose to play, what
is there described as my denunciation of another,
the part of a bravo over one of the contestants.
It is not true that I attacked the Senator from Illi-
nois in his controversy with any one. What I
did do is known to the Senator, and I suppose I
may say, if, with some feeling of indignation in
relation to such a transaction', I used language
which was even improperly severe, it was not
directed personally against the Senator from Illi-
nois. I made no individual attack whatever. [Mr.
Douglas nodded assent.]
It is a very embarrassing thing indeed for one
to notice reports of the newspapers of the coun-
try in relation to events of which he cannot con-
sistently speak, and tb know that they must have
emanated from those with whom he associates as
honorable men, and who, as such, now should
stand forth, throw oif the cloak of secrecy, and
avow themselves authors of such a statement, if
there be any one who is responsible for it. I
cannot say what I did, or what I did not do, in
executive session; I cannot answer to such allega-
tion without being reduced to the attitude of those
who give information in relation to the secret pro-
ceedings of the Senate. It is injurious to every
member of the body, for the suspicion to exist
that information emanates from one of our num-
ber; and it is due to the body, I say, as a whole,
that they should purge themselves from such sus-
picion, and that each should direct himself to the
effort of finding out the criminal, whoever he may
be, who has in this case violated our confidence
and his obligations.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, while I con-
cur entirely with the Senator from Ohio in char-
acterizing these reports as unfair,untrue, and un-
just, I feel it due to myself, also, to say that I did
