16*56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
for the purpose of getting this appropriation in-
creased. If they had performed the same labor
in trying to save the mails to California, we
should not be put to the trouble of objecting- to
this bill. I ask the Senate if they wish to en-
courage legislation of this kind? If they do, and
a majority so decide, of course I must submit;
but I'call the attention of Senators to this amend-
ment more particularly. It is to increase an
amount which the Senate reduced, and: is for a
party of jobbers.
I do not care about taking up the time of the
Senate, if the minority party on the other side are
not disposed to aid me in doing it. I do not want
to stand up here alone, and make this fight. If
my colleague will aid me, I shall be very happy
to exhaust the time from now until twelve o'clock;
but if he is not disposed to take the responsibility
with me, 1 suppose I shall have to submit to the
majority. 1 ask for the-yeas and nays 011 this
amendment.
Tile yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to impede the
passage of this bill, and I merely rise to say, that
if one amendment is excepted, it makes little dif-
ference whether another is or not; because you
must have a committee of conference on it, and if
the Senate except any amendment, I shall ask
them not to recede from the amendment which
provides for the accommodation of the Supreme
Court. I think it a disgrace to Congress, when
we Imve provided ample accommodations for our-
selves, that a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment should be left without suitable accommoda-
tions, especially as it can be done without actual
cost 
JVlr. HUNTER. Will not the Senator let us
vote ?
,\Jr. BAYARD. The Senator must excuse me.
I say it is proposed to be done without actual
cost to the Government, and why should we not
do it?
The VIC 15 PIU&ilDliNT. The question is:
"Will the Senate recede from this amendment?"
The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Si.idkll] would vote to recede,
ami I should vote against it. He is absent, and
I have paired off with him, and therefore do not
vote.
The question being taken bjr yeas ami nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays as follows;
Y*KAS~-Mr^i->. Allen, Hayaid, Benjamin, Hurler, Bnglit,
fMic'himt, Cluv, Cllllgman, Davi.s, Iloii^fns, Fitch, !>'il/.[mt-
rick, Green, <}\vin, Houston, Uuntci, iwnsion, Johnson of'
.lohiiMui ol' Teimo.ssei', Joiie^. Lane, Malloiy.
iteid, KieCj Thomson of New Jersey, Ward, ami
Yulue-ae.
NAYS—Moj-sm. Mrndorick,Chan<ihM.Clark, Dixon, r>no-
little, i'tfetur. Hale, Htulan, Kins, toward, Tiumbull,
W'ude, and YVilson--!:*,
Bo the amendment was receded from.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question in on
tlio next amendment, to which the House has
disagreed.
Mr. LANE. I feel a great deal aggrieved about
the mail service ay well as the Senator from Cal-
ifornia; and if he will agree that we votiMipon all
the amendments but that—just except that—we
can have & distinct vote on that, point.
Mr. BRODERICK. I find myself in a very
small minority here, and, as that is the case, i
Kiihmit.
Mr. KENNEDY. I object to voting on all the
amendments together. There is one that I want
eaxupted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
indicate the one he wishes to except.
Mr. X1ENNEDY. U is the amendment in re-
gard to the State Papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
in regard to the mail scrvice to the Pacific, and
the amendment in regard to the State Papers,are
excepted. The Chair will put the question on the
remaining amendments together, if there be no
objection. Will the Senate recede from them?
The question being put, it was detei mined in
the affirmative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment in regard to the State Papers.
Mr. FITCH. There is no necessity for read-
ing it. Although I reported it from the Commit-
tee on Printing, I shall feel constrained to vote for
receding from it. If we adhere to one, we may
as well adhere to all.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being put, the amendment was.
receded from.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
now read the amendment in regard to the mail'
service on the Pacific.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the reading will be dis-
pensed with. We all know what the amendment
is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the reading will be dispensed
with.
Mr. YULEE. Now, I make the request of the
Senator from Virginia to agree to my motion, to
ask for a conference on this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I have told the Senatortwenty
times that I am afraid to send the bill back to the
House. I must submit the question to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think there is the slight-
est danger of losing the bill by asking for a com-
mittee of conference on this amendment.
Mr. EESSENDEN. There is no doubt but
that the service will be performed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
recede from this amendment?
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senate will
give us the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being \
I taken, resulted—yeas 525, nays 22; as follows:
■ YEAS-— M<"«srs. Allen, Bayard, Clic-nut, Clay, Cling-
! m.in, Davis, fc'urh, Fitzpatuek, Green, Houston, Hunter,
, Iversnit, Johnson ot' Atkunsn«, Johnson of Tennessee,
I Jont'v, Mallniy, jVIutvrm, Polk, Heitl, Uieo, Sebastian,TI10111- :
I sou of New Joisey, Toombs, Trumbull, ami Ward—05.
[ N'AVS—Bell, Biglei, Bright, Brodenek, Cam- J
I enui, ('Jiandler, Claik, Divon, Doohitle, DougLw, Person- :
d 'n, Foster, Owin, Hale, Ilarlan, Kennedy,Lane, Seward,
Simmons, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the last
amendment.
Mr, HUNTER. That concludes the bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. I understand, from a Sen-
ator who was present when our second amend-
ment was acted on in the Ilouse of Representa-
tives, that it was a^ieed to. I have been so
informed also by the Representative from Califor-
nia, [Mr. McICibmn.] Ho has now gone to'the
Clerk's desk, in the House, for the purpose of
ascertaining the fact. He says it was agreed to
by a large majority of the House. 1 believe the
Senator ft om Tennessee was present in the House
when the vote was taken.
Mr. IICJNTER. We can take no testimony
exerpt what comes to us m the official papers.
Mr. BRODERICK. There may be a mistake.
Mr. HUNTER. We can take no notice of it
unless the House send us a message in regard
to it.
Mr. I RODERICK. I merely call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it, and, being a mistake, I
suppose it can be coriccted at any time. [After
a pause.] I have been again informed, by the
Representative from California in the other
House, that this amendment of the Senate was
agreed to.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
state what the record from the House shows.
The Secretary read:
•" Resolved. Thai the Ifonse disagree to the following
amendments ot the Senate, numbered 1, &c."
Mr. FITCH. I think the difficulty is capable
of very easy solution. The Senate amendment
was agreed to, and afterwards reconsidered and
disagreed to. 1 think that is precisely the state
of the case.
Mr. HUNTER, The bill is closed, I under-
stand. I hope it will be enrolled, that it may get
to the President in time to be signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the Chair cannot
take any notice of what has been said on the
floor.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed an act for extending the laws and judicial
system of the United States to the State of Oregon,
and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 886) to protect the timber
growing upon lands of the United States reserved
for military and other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 489) for the relief of con-
gressional township No. 27, north of range No.
6 east, in Wabash county, Indiana;
A bill (H R.'C. C.'No. 84) for the relief of
Ferdinand Coxe;
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of John
Perry, of Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 77) for the relief of Enoch
B. Talcott, late collector of customs at Oswego,
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 863) for the relief of Lucy
A. Wakefield, widow oCBenjamin Wakefield;
A bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of the as-
signees of Hugh Glenn:
A bill (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of Wil-
liam M. Harrison; *
A bill (H. R. No. 888) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yancton
and Tonawanda Indians, for the year ending June
30, 1860, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 550) making appropriations
for light-houses, light-boats, buoys,&c., and pro-
viding for the ereo.tion and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 88) in relation to the
second section of the act of Congress entitled1
"An act to provide for the location of certain con-
firmed private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes."
BILLS BECOME X-AWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had, to-day, approved and
signed the following bills:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th June,
1860;
An act making appropriations for the legisla-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th June,
I860; and
An act to provide for the care and preservation
of the works constructed by the United States
for bringing the Potomac water into the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, for the supply of
said water for all governmental purposes, and for
the uses and benefits of the inhabitants of said,
cities.
REPORTS FRO&I COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 494) for the relief of William
Doty and others, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the bill (H. R, No. 389) for the re-
lief of John Kelly, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John E. Caldwell,
praying for relief for fines imposed by the Post-
master General, asked to be discharged from its
further consideiation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of R. J. Todd, praying
a reduction of the postage between the cities of
New York, Brooklyn, and Williamsburg, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a resolution relative
to the salary of the commercial agent at St. Mar-
tin, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to witluhavv from the files
of the Senate the petition and papers ot' llayin M. Salamon.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That Pierre Clioteau have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Oidered, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
to the Senate the petition and papers of Russell & Majors;
and that the petitioners have leave to withdraw the same.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to call the attention of the
