1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by i\lr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed an act (S. No. 478) to
provide for holding the courts of the United States
in the State of Alabama.
UNITED STATES CONSUL AT HONG KONG.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved,«That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to the Senate the papers relating to the claim
of James Kcenan, United States con*ul at Hong Kong,
China, for moneys expended by him foi ihe relief of desti-
tute American citizens; also.the papers relating to hi«? claim,
lor moneys expended in defending himself in suits brought
against lum in the colonial court of Hong ICong.
SPECIAL AGENT TO BRITISH COLUMBIA.
Mr. GREEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
^ Resolved. That the President of the United States be re-
quested, it not incompatible with the public mteiests, to
trani-mit to tin; finite a. copy of the repoit of the special
agent of the United State*, sent to Vancouver's Island and
British Columbia.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FITCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to change the relations
of the United States Government to the sevferal
Indian tribes within its possessions.
Mr. HOUSTON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the incorpora-
tion of the two judicial districts of Texas into
one.
SILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
527) to detach certain counties from the northern
judicial district in the State of Illinois, and to
annex them to the southern judicial dmrict of
said State; which was lead twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 532) for
the relief of the widow of Charles Pearson; which
was read twice by us title, and referred, with
the accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr, MASON a^kod,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 531) to
allow Edward O. Cooper, beinj; a citizen of the
United Slates, the exclusive right to occupy the
island or key of Navassn, in the Caribbean sea,
for the purpose of obtaining and selling guano
therefrom; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on the
Libiaiy, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
583) providing for keeping and distributing all
public documents, have directed me to report it
hack to the Senate with an amendment; and I ask
that it may be considered now. It is a matter to
which I suppose there will be no objection, and it
is important that the bill should be passed.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
It chaiges the Secretary of the Interior with
receiving, airanging, safe-keeping, and distribut-
ing, all printed Journals of the two Houses of
Congress, and all other books and documents, of
every nutuie whatever, already or hereafter di-
rected by law to be printed or purchased for the
use of the Government, except of such as are di-
rected to be printed or purchased for the particular
use of Confess, or of either House thereof, or
for the particular use of the Executive or of any
of'the Departments; and for this purpose the Sec-
retary of the Intenor is to be directed to set apart
a proper £oom or rooms m the Patent.Oifice build-
ing to be used fortius and no other purpose; and
the Superintendent of Public Printing, Public
Printer, binder, or contractoi, or any other per-
son whose duty it shall be by law to deliver any
of the same, is to deliver the same to him there.
it also provides that it shall be the duty of the
Secretary ol the Interior to obtain and remove
from the other Departments and offices, and from
the concessional hbrciiy,and otherplaces whe-re
the same are now kept, all such Journals, books,
and other documents now on hand and described
in the first section; and for this purpose, it ap-
propriates so much as is necessary of the unex-
pended appropriation madein the following clause
of the act entitled " An act making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1858,'' approved
March 3, 1857, to wit: " For expenses of pack-
ing and distributing the congressional Journals
and documents, in pursuance of the provisions
contained in the joint resolutions of Congress ap-
proved the 28th of January, 1857, $22,01)0."
A register of such Journals, books, and other
documents, is to be kept under the authority of
the Secretary of the Interior, showing the quan-
tity and kind of each at any time received by him
in pursuance of this act; and he is to cause to be
entered m such register, at the proper time, when,
where, and to whom, the same, or any part of
them, have been distributed and delivered,and to
report the same to Congress at the first session of
each Congress.
The books and documents are to be delivered
out by the Secretary of the Interior only on the
written requisition of the heads of Departments,.
Secretary of the Senate, Clerk of the House of
Representatives, Librarian of Congress,and other
officers and persons, private and corporate, who
are by law authorized to receive the same, ex-
cept where by law the Secretary of the Interior
is required, without such requisition, to cause the
same to be sent and delivered; and in either of
such cases the Secretary of the Interior is to cause
the same to be sent and delivered, the expenses
thereof, except when otherwise directed, to be
charged on the contingent fund of the Depart-
ment.
All such Journals, books, and other documents,
are hereafter to be distributed according to and
for the purposes now prescribed by law, except
that the distj lbution of the same to the Governors
of the States and Territories and to the judges
of the courts of the United Slates and other offi-
cers and public bodies within the States or Ter-
ritories shall be wholly under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior; and the joint resolu-
tion approved March 20, 1858, supplementary
to the joint resolution of January 28, 1857, re-
specting the distribution of certain documents, is
repealed, except so much of it as strikes out the
words " by him" at the end of the third section
of the joint resolution of Januaiy 23, 1857, and
substitutes in place thereof the words " to him
by the Representative m Congress from each con-
gressional district, and by the Delegate from each
Territory in the United States." This distribu-
tion is first to be made at the instance of the Rep-
resentatives in Congress from districts in which
such public documents have not already been dis-
tributed, so that the quantity distributed to cach
congressional district and Temtory shall be equal.
That the tenth section of an act entitled " An
act to establish the Smithsonian Institution for
tlie increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men," approved August 10, 1846, is to be re-
pealed; and it is explained that by this act the
distribution of all works mentioned in the first
section as public documents is intended and di-
rected to be made, except the" Exploring Expe-
dition" conducted by Commander Wilkes.
All books, maps, charts, and other publications
of every nature whatever, heretofore deposited in
the Department of State accoiding to the laws
regulating copyrights, together with all the rec-
ords of the Department of State in regard to the
same, are to be removed to, and be under the con-
trol of, the Department of the Interior, which is
now to be charged with all the duties connected
with the same, and with all matters pertaining to
copyright, in the same manner and to the same ex- i
tent that the Department of State is now charged
with the same;and hereafterali such publications,
of every nature whatever, shall, under present
laws and regulations, be left and kept with him.
The Joint Committee on the Library may, at any
time, dispose of duplicate, injured, or wasted
books of the library, or any other matter in the
hbraiy not deemed proper to it, m such manner as
such committee may deem best;and all such books
and documents, when received at the proper of-
fices, libraries, and so forth, as provided by law,
are to be kept there and not removed fiom such
places.
The committee report the bill with an amend-
ment to strike out all after'the word " Interior,"
in line eight of section five, to the word lt States/5
in line eighteen inclusive, and insert:
And the joint resolution, approved March 20, 1858, sup-
plementary to the joint resolution approved January 28,
1857, " respecting the distribution of certain documents,"
is hereby repealed; and the third section of the said joint
resolution of January 28, 1857, is hereby amend«d*by strik-
ing out the words " by him," in the last line, and inserting
the woids " to him, by each of the Senators from the sev-
eral States respectively, and by the Representative in Con-
gress from each congressional district, and by the Delegate
from each Territory in the United States."
The words proposed to be stricken out are:
" And the joint resolution approved March 20.1858, sup-
plementary to ihe joint resolution of January 28, 1857, re-
specting the distribution of certain documents, is hereby
repealed, except so much of it as strikes out the words * by
hun,' at the end of the third section of said joint resolution
of Januaiy 23, 1857, and substitutes m place thereof the
words 1 to him by the Representative in Congress from each
congressional district, and by iHe Delegate from each Ter-
ritory in the United States.'"
Mr. STUART. It is impossible to have any-
understanding of that matter from the reading of
the amendment. I wish the Senator would ex-
plain it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain it in a few
words. These documents were formerly distrib-
uted by the Secretary of the Interior. A joint
resolution was passpd at the last session substan-
tially changing the former act, and providing that
they should be distributed by the Secretary ofthe
Interiorto such institutionsasmight be designated
to him by each of the Representatives and Dele-
gates in Congress. This makes a change simply
in that, and repealing all of it except so much of it
as refers to the distribution, and providing for the
designation to him, not only by the Representa-
tives and Delegates, but by each Senator. There
are documents enough to be distributed to allow
each to designate the proper institutions, and this
amendment merely aads the Senators to the Rep-
resentatives. That is all the effect of it. Certain
documents, the ordinary documents published
here, are usually sent to certain institutions; and
this proposition declares that they shall be desig-
nated severally by the Senators and Representa-
tives to the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
The bill was reported to the.Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
'.o be engrossed.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate take
up the report which was submitted yesterday
from the Committee on Printing, in relation to
printing a report from the Secretary of the Navy.
1 believe it is a privileged motion, it will not oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate five minutes. I
desire to have a few copies of the document print-
ed for the use of the Senate, lt is a report of the
officers appointed by the Secretary of the Navy
to makoan examination ofthc coal/Iron, and tim-
ber in the Deep river country, North Carolina.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. MALLORY. I submitamotion that the
Senate non-concur in the adverse report against
printing this document, and that the Senate order
the report to be printed. In doing so, I beg leave
to state, very briefly, that this report was made
by the Navy Department, in obedience to a call
of the Senate, without any expense whatever. It
comes before us entailing no expense. The object
of printing it is to distribute throughout the Uni-
ted States a knowledge of the Deep river coun-
try, and of the adaptability of it for the construc-
tion of large machine shops; and I would merely
remark that the ability of the country to estab-
lish these large foundenesatall points in the States
at large—north and south, east and west—con-
stitutes a portion of the power of the country.
This portion of the country is shown by the ex-
amination to be peculiarly susceptible of this im-
provement. The national machine shops now, if
put in the most thorough condition, can only pro-
duce ten engines per annum. The Secretary of
the Navy here reports against the expediency of
establishing any such depot at this point at the
