THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, 1>. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1859,
New Series....No. 3t.
the report favorable to the printing of the memo-
rial from the iron musters did not receive my
concurrence, and when it comes up I shall object
to the printing of it. I now rise, however, to
move to-postpone the further consideration of this
subject; and I will say to the friends of the meas-
ure, that I do not think they will lose anything
by the postponement. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject, and all prior
orders, with a view to proceed to the considera-
tion of a bill for the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of bringing the attention of the Senate to
a proposition we had before us some days ago—a
resolution providing for retrenching the expenses
of the Government, and imposing certain duties
on the Committee on Finance. As I understood,
when that resolution was before the Senate, it
went over as the unfinished business; and if this
is not so, there is a privileged motion pending to
reconsider the vote striking out the Committee on
Finance, and inserting a selectxommittee. This
resolution can be disposed of in a very short time;
and I hope the Senate will take it up and dispose
of the subject*
Mr.SIMMONS. I hope the Senatorfrom Ten-
nessee will let it go over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senatorfrom Tennessee, that one day
having intervened since the consideration of the
resolution, it loses its preference as unfinished
business. There are two orders—perhaps three—
ahead of that, as well as the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to take
up the motion to rcconsidcr; which can be called
up at any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
first made has to be fust put. The motion of the
Senatorfrom Mississippi is entitled to preference.
REGISTER TO a VESSEL.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have been endeavoring
to get the floor the whole morning to ask the Sen-
ate to take up the bill (EL R. No. 788) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to granta regis-
ter to the schooner William A. Hamill. It is a
bill of importance to no one except the proprietor
of the schooner. It has been reported fiom the
Committee on Commerce without amendment,
and will not take the Senate, I am sun-, tinee min-
utes to pass it. There can be no objection^to it
at all; and I trust I may be indulged to that ex-
tent.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
It proposes to grant, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, a register for the
schooner William A. Hamiil, lying in the port of
Baltimore, and now owned by Robert Dorrme,
a citizcn of the United States, if it be proved to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury
that she was built at May's Landing, New Jer-
sey, that she was enrolled as an American vessel,
and that she was owned in the whole by citizens
of the United States at the time she was stranded
on a reef near Abaco, one of the Bahama Islands,
and that she is now owned by Robert Dorritie,a
citizen of the United Statpe.
The bill was reported to the'Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PRIVATE PROPERTY FOR PUBLIC USE.
Mr. BRODER1CIC. I ask the consent of the
Senate to enable me to move to take up a bill
which has been long pending, to provide for taking
private property for public use, allowing just com-
pensation therefor. The bill was introduced by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] just before the adjournment of the last
session, after the expose that was made m regard
to a purchase for the site of a fort at the mouth
of the harbor of San Francisco. 1 hope that this
bill will give rise to no debate. 1 would not urge
it at this time, if it were not that I know that the
parties owning that property have their agents in
37
Washington, who are trying to urge upon the
Secretary of War the necessity of purchasing the
property at the very fygh puce of $200,QOd. I
state to the Senate that the amount of property
required for the fort will not cost more than $5,000,
ana these parties are asking $200,000 for this site.
By the passage of this bill, the property can be
condemned, and the Government can go on and
build the fort. I hope that I shall have the co-
operation of my colleague, because this is a very
important bill, one that concerns our State vitally.
This fraud was arrested by the prompt action of
the Secretary of War during the last session, and
I hope that the Senate wili pass the bill now, so
that it can go to the other House, and pass dur-
ing the week, and become a law. The amount of
money appropriated can then be expended for the
fort.
Mr. DAVIS. I am afraid that this will bring
on debate. It is not special, I understand, but
general legislation on the subject, and involves
questions m which nearly every Senator would
feel more or less interest. The principles will
probably have to be discussed at some length. I
hope, therefore, the Senatorfrom California will
avail himself of another opportunity.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I withdraw the
motion for the present, to let the Senator take up
his bill.
Mr. DAYIS. 1 desire to have the motion put
which I presented.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. In yielding to the motion
of the Senator from Mississippi to take up the
Pacific railroad bill, which is the special order, I
wish distinctly to intimate to the Senate that I
desire, at a very early day, perhaps to-morrow,
to call the attention of the Senate to'the first spe-
cial order in relation to Commodore Paulding. It
is important that that question should bo disposed
of. Suits are pending against him in the city of
New York, and it is important that the Senate
should act on that question. I have reason to be-
lieve that the Senate will act favorably in that
matter, and that he will be justified—at all events,
so far justified by the action of Congress as to de-
fend him against prosecution.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation
of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri
river to San Francisco, in the State of California;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Doolittle to add to the first section of the
substitute proposed by Mr. Davis, the following:
Upon three routes witlnn the territory of the United
States: town, one uppn a route north of the forty-third
parallel of latitude; oife upon a rouio between tlx; thirty-
seventh and forty-third parallels of latitude; ;md a third upon
a route south oi the tint t}-seventh paialiel oi latitude.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That amendment is one
which was olfered by myself; but on an appeal
from the Senator from California, and giving to
the matter further consideration, I am disposed
to withdraw the amendment, in order to allow
a vote to be taken directly on the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, with the
j understanding that I may renew, substantially,
the same proposition, when I offer the bill which
1 have drawn up as a substitute for the original
! bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin is withdrawn. The
question now is on the motion submitted by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert what was presented by him to the Senate,
the other day, as a substitute.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move to
amend the amendment by striking out ail of it,
and substituting another hill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is m order <
to move an amendment of that kind.
Mr. WILSON. I move the bill, of whieb Qtice
was given, as an amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Mississippi, and
also sen4 to the Chair an additional .section,
The proposition of Mr, Wilson is as follows.;
That the President of the United States be, and he ia
hereby, authorized an4 directed, by and with the a'dvice
and consent of tlie Senate, to appoint five civil engineers,
who shall be citizens of the United States, practically expe-
rienced in the laying out and construction of railroads, and
who shall constitute a board of commissioners for tjhe loca-
tion of the route of a raihoad for the transportation of the
mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,-?vrmy and Navy
supplies, and tor all other Governmentsemee of th« United
States, through the region b^ween the thirty-fourth and
foity-third parallels of north latitude, from a point on the
Missouri river, between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kansas livers, to San Francisco, m the State of California.
Sec. 2. And be ii further enacted, That, before entering
upon their duties, each of said commissioners shall, before
some judge orgustice of the peace, take an oath faithfully
to dischai ge the duues imposed on them by this act. They
are hereby authorized to appoint a secretary, whose duty it
shall be to record cori ectly all the proceedings of said board
and faithfully preserve Uie same, aud whp shall take an oath
to discharge the duties imposed on liira by this act. Said
commissioners shall have full power to summon and cause
to come before them such witnesses as they may deem ne~
cessary, and to have them examined on oath; and if any
witness shall testify falsely, with an intention to deceive
said commissioner,such witness shall be deemed guilty of
perjury, and shall, upon conviction before any jurisdiction
having cognizance theieof, suffer the penalty imposed by
law ou that einne. The saicl commissioners forthwith, after
their appointment, shall meet at the city of Washington
and oiganize the commission, and proceed to execute the
duties hereby confided to them, and within two years from
the date of their appointment they shajl complete and ter-
minate the duties oi the commission.
Sec*3. And be it further enacted) That the compensation
of said commissioners and their secretary shall be as fol-
lows: t^each commissioner, at the rate of $5,000 per an-
num; and to the secretary, at the rateof per annum;
to commence from the date of their appomtment, and to
be paul out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
piopriated ; and the President of the United State* shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to make such provision for
the contingent expenses of the commission as he may deem
proper.
r6tc. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatsaidcommission-
ers, wulun two years from the date of their appointment,
shall determine upon the location of the route of said rail-
road, and repott their decision to the President'; and upon
the indorsement of the President, approvingof the route so
dehignated, the same shall become the route of said railroad,
and tlie President shall announce the same by proclamation.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when the loca-
tion of said raihoad bhall have been announced by procla-
mation of the President, the Secretary of War, the Secre-
tary of tin1 In tenor, ihe Postmaster C<inerai,and th<  Attor-
ney General of tlie United States shall constitute a hoard
oi commissioners to direct the construction of taidiailioad.
They shall, fiom tunc to time, as they may deem expedi-
ent, ir-sue proposals tor the construction, by contract with
the lowest lespoiiMble biddeis, of sections of said iaiiroad,
none of which sections shall exceed twenty-five miles \n
length. They shall, annually, inaketa report of all their pro-
ceeding*; under this act, to the President, who shall lay tlu 
same before Congress.
Hec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of constiueung said railroad, the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized, beginning at any time
witlnn twelve months alter the date of his proclamation
locating the road, annually to boirow, on the credit of the
United State*, such suins as are needful, not exceeding
§IO,UUO,Ui)U in any one year.
Beo.7. Andheit further cnactcd, That bonds eh all be is-
sued in sums of not less than $1,000 each for the amount so
borrowed, the principal of which shall be payable in thirty
years Jioni the date of issue, and shall bear interest not ex •
ecednig five per centum per annum, payable semi-annually,
witli couponstor the semi-annual interest attached; and the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized
and directed fiom time to time, as the President may re-
quire, to issue such bonds, winch shall be signed by the
Register and sealed with the seal of the Treasury Depart-
ment, lor the payment of the amount ?o borrowed, m favor
of the parties lending the same. And the said Secretary shall
report to Oongiess, at the commencement of each session,
the amountot money boirowed under this adffroin the data
oi hia last repoit, and of whom, and on what terms it shaJl
have been obtained, with an abstract of all the proposals
submitted for the same, distinguishing between those ac-
cepted aud those rejected.
f^EC. 8. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the pas^ajre of this act until the location of said raihoad is
announced by the proclamation of the President, all the
public lands between the thirty-fourth and forty-tlm d paral-
lels of north latitude shall be withheld fiom sale, but shall
lie open to preemption by actual settlers. After the date
of said pioclamduou the pioceeds of the sales of all public
lands for a distance of one hundred and fitly miles ou each
side of said railroad, with the exception ol so much of said
lands as i-> reserved for purposes of education, shall consti-
tute a fund for the conjunction of the load, and for the
p:ij ai-nt of the interest and the redemption of the princi-
pal of the bonds issued foi said construction.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there be, and
