678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
te hereby, granted to the States and Territories that are, or
may be, formed upon the lines of the herem-mentioned
roads, for tho purpose of aiding in the construction of rail-
roads to the Pacific, from Lake Superioi to Puget Sound,
with a bianch to the navigable waters of the Columbia, ev«ry
alternate section of land designated by odd numbers, for
twenty-five sections in width on each side of said road, and
also from the western border of Texas to San Pedro and
San Diego on the Pacific, one hundred sections of land to
the rmlej and in all cases where the United States may have
disposed of saidlandor any part thereof, or from any cause
cannot convey a legal title thereto, the deficiency may be
made up from any unoccupied and unappropriated public
land withip the distance of fifty miles on either side of
said road*. Provided, That all mineral lands be, and the same
are hereby, excluded from the operation of this act, and
in lieu thereof, a like quantity of unoecupipd and unappro-
priated agricultural lands nearest to the line of the road
through said mineial lands may be selected: And provided
further, That the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections within
the boundaries heretofore named, shall be set apart for
school purposes, which shall be exclusively applied for said
purposes and no other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand this ques-
tion, the Senator from Mississippi has moved a
substitute for the bill pending before the Senate,
and now the Senator from Massachusetts offers
a substitute for the substitute. I do not under-
stand that that can be done. You may amend
the substitute offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi; but can you substitute another substitute
for that ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the motion of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is, to strike out all of the bill before the
Senate after the enacting clause, and insert what
he has sent to the Chair. The Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to amend that motion by
moving to strike out and insert what he sends to
the Chair; which is in order.
Mr. "WILSON. I will simply say, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the proposition is to build, by the Gov-
ernment, a central railway, commencing at a point
between the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers, and
going between the thirty-fourth and forty-third
parallels, to San Francisco, setting apart c^e hun-
dred and fifty miles of land on each side of that
road, the proceeds of which are to go to the con-
struction of the road as a sinking fund, to redeem
the bonds issued to raise money to construct the
road. Then I propose that we give fifty sections
of land to the mile, from Lako Superior to Puget
Sound, for the purpose of building a railroad across
that section of the country, on the forty-seventh
or forty-ninth parallel. These are alternate sec-
tions, in harmony with the general policy of grant-
ing land for the construction of railroads. This
proposition grants no money whatever for that
northern line,
I then propose on the southern lino, or the par-
allel of 320, between El Paso and San Pedro, or
San Diego, on the Pacific, to give one hundred
sections of land to the mile, excluding mineral
lands, to build a railroad from the jtio Grande to
the Pacific. I think the land of very little value
there, and I have therefore proposed that we give
a large amount of it for the construction of a local
road there. This is simply the bill which I have
presented.
The main proposition is to construct a railroad
commencing between the Bix Sioux and the Kan-
sas, and running between the paiallcls of 34° and
43° to San Fiancisco. It will allow you to go
through the South Pass, if that is the best pass,
through the Buflulo Pass north of it, which I am
told is a better Pass than that, or through Bridg-
ets Pass, or deflect south and go by way of Albu-
querque, if that is the best route. But the road
starts on the Missouii river and ends at San Fran-
cisco; and for myself I am not particular whether
it goes through the South Pass or goes by way
of Albuquerque, it that be the best route; and it is
to be constructed to San Francisco. The propo-
sition isthaftthe Government appoint surveyors,
who shall loeate the road, and to appropriate
$10,000,000 annually for tin. construction of the
road. I do not believe that small grants of money
and large grants of land aie to carry a railroad
across this continent to the Pacific.
Mr. POLK. I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts to state that his bill provides for
one central road, being confined between the par-
allels of 34° and 43°. I ask him if he does not
also confine the terminus to the space between tho
mouths of the Big Sioux and the Kansas rivers ?
I ask the Senator why not allow the terminus also
to float between 340 and 430?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Missouri that he is right in his construction of
the proposition; but I think we had better adhere
to it as it is.
Mr. POLK. I state to the Senator that part
of it will unhesitatingly command my vote, if the
terminus is allowed to be as free as the direction
of the road.
Mr. "WILSON. I understand the Senator. I
prefer that the amendment should stand as it is.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. .President, I intend to
vote for this proposition to build a road by the
Government; and as it is a substitute for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Mississippi, I wish
to call the attention of that Senator to one objec-
tion that I have to his bill, and why I prefer this.
In the first section of his bill he authorizes the
President to contract for a railroad across the
territory of the United States, and thus connect
the States of the Atlantic and Pacific. I suppose
that is meant to include the Gulf States?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. It was a general de-
scription, and I suppose included all the waters
(hat flow into the Atlantic, whether through the
Gulf or directly.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, I am against making
any contract with any company or companies for
building this road; and I am against his proposi-
tion; because, when you build the road, which I
understand is between four and five hundred
miles from the line of the State of Texas to the i
Stafe of California, you are not then within that;
distance of the people on either ocean. You will
have to go more than five hundred miles to get to j
that part of California which is settled—near San i
Francisco; and I suppose you will have to go j
more than five hundred miles to get to the settled
parts of Texas—at least to get to the ocean.
The money appropriated by the Senator's bill
is $10,000,000; and the land, six sections, I be-;
lieve, to the mile. That money is $25,000 a mile I
for a road across there, for it is four hundred 1
miles; but if you take a road through the center |
it is not$6,000 a mile. That would carry the road j
on the shortest place, and it cannot be built any- i
where else for that given sum of money. The i
bill seems to propose any kind of a route any- j
where; but the sum is so fixed that it can go to i
but one place, and that is from El Paso to the line j
of California; and when you start a road between ;
those two points and build it, you are not much j
nearer the people than you are now. It would 1
do no good. I understand this road has to go !
through Texas some eight hundred miles; I have :
not the map before me. It is plain enough to me 1
that a proposition to grant $10,000,000 and so :
much land—which will make thirty or forty thou- 1
sand dollars a mile for that short space, twenty or 1
twenty-five thousand dollars of which would bo in 1
money—would be sufficient for the Texas route;
hut when you take it by any other route it is of !
no consideration whatever. Nobody would be- .
lieve it could build a road. I do not believe that
any private individuals, as I said before, will ever ,
build a road across this continent; and I do not •
think a road for the purposes for which this is
presented will be valuable at all unless it meets j
the oceans—unless it meets the settlements on '
each side. I have no objection to giving the al- |
ternate sections of p-tblic land to any company ;
that may want to hudd a road, so that the grant ;
is not too extravagant. I have not examined that I
part of it; but a central road through the country i
is of great national importance. !
I am only going to say a lew words about the '
commercial value of such a road. It is alluded to i
now in the midst of other debates, and it is said ^
that nobody contends that this road will be of any i
commercial importance. Everybody believes it ,
will be of great importance ai a means of defense, .
and will save a great deal of money in the trans- :
portation of the mails. Now,itissaidthatiailroad
carriage is so much more expensive than water j
carriage, that you cannot use this road for car- !
rying freight. The Senator from Massachusetts !
said that two cents per miie per ton was the lowest j
freightthatwaschargedonrailroads;and that was
charged on coal. I recollect that when the west- j
ern road was built from Worcester to Albany, it i
underbid .sloopsthat canied flour from Albany to ;
Boston; but it turned out to be rather a hard j
trade, and they stopped it. j
In 1814,1 remember to have seen twenty wag- j
ons come into Providence loaded with cotton from ;
the State of Georgia, at a freight of twenty cents I
a pound, and that was the cheapest way we could
get our cotton, in time of war. I have some sons
engaged in the cotton business, and I knew them
to contract for cotton, in Memphis, Tennessee,
last fall, and have it transported by railroad and
steamboat to New York, for one cent a pound,
and it was not more than one eighth of a cent more
than it would cost by steamboat to go down to
New Orleans and from there to New York by
water. Hundreds and thousands of bales of cot-
ton were ordered late in riie last fall from Mem-
phis, Tennessee, by railroad and • steamboat to
New York, at a cent a pound freight, as great a
distance as the cotton traveled by wagons, in 1814,
at twenty cents a pound. This is the practice;
and the reason of it is this: there has been a de-
clining tendency in the cotton market, and they
could make bargains and guaranty the delivery
of the cotton in New York in fourteen days, and
it cost only one eighth of a cent more than if it
went all the way by water. We can get cotton
from Memphis, Tennessee, to New York now for
less than common insurance. That is the differ-
ence internal improvements have made in supply-
ing thp people of this country with materials for
clothing, since the war of 1812.
I have not estimated the cost per mile per ton
to send cotton from Memphis to New York. I
do not know how much the competition among
the roads would consume of it. The cotton of
which I speak, went up, I believe, pretty near to
Canada before it got over to New York. It waa
fourteen days from Memphis to New York. But
suppose railroad freight is two cents per ton per
mile, and it will cost sixty dollars a ton, as the
Senator from Massachusetts said, to carry freight
over this railway. That is a very extravagant
estimate. In my opinion it is twice as much as
will be paid; but taking the highest estimate, I
say that that would be three cents a pound upon
silks. The average value of silks is six dollars
a pound. Then it will not cost one-half of one
per cent, to carry silk over this road, and that is
thirty days' interest, and you save ninety days'
water carriage. Aside from all your insurance,
every cargo of silk that is going to New York
can be got over this railroad to New York for less
than the interest on the voyage, for less than the
interest of the cargo, and save ninety days or one
and one-half per cent.
Besides the waving of capital, besides the quick
turning of your merchandise, you can order silks
from China by the steamers, and draw a.bill on
London for six months, get it in New York, sell it,
and make another voyage before the bill becomes
due. Now you can hardly get your invoice be-
fore the time arrives for paying for it. Such things
as th?se arc of great consideration. This is an
important avenue for commerce. Besides, we
are to consider the eight million people m the
valley of tho Mississippi; and it will cost very
little more to take goods from San Francisco to
the valley of the Mississippi, than it will from
New York; but if goods were to go clear across
the continent and back, you would carry cheaper
than by water. You get a railroad here built by
the Government; we can lease it out, and tho
commercial trade will pay the running expenses,
in my deliberate judgment, and the road can af-
ford to carry your mails and your troops and
munitions of war, which will more than pay tho
interest on the outlay. We now pay over two
millions for carrying the mails, and I suppose
last year ten millions for freight on munitions of
war and troops, and I hope we shall not always
have that.
But people arc mistaken, in my judgment, in
undervaluing such a communication as a mere
means of money-making and commerce. Sixty
dollars a ton will be a saving on the freight now
paid on the immense amount of silk goods im-
ported from China; and I suppose we shall have
some commerce with the empire with which we
have lately made a treaty—Japan. Sixty dollars
a ton freight, is not the interest on the voyage
from Shanghai to New York, on tho value of tho
cargo. As a practical matter, if you could make
the voyage across the Pacific ocean in steamers,
from Shanghai to San Francisco, according to the
rate of travel on the Atlantic—and the Pacific is a
much better ocean, I am told, for steam naviga-
tion than the Atlantic—you would lay your goods
down in New York in thirty-five days. I suppose
the average voyage around the Cape of Good
