1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
Hope is one hundred and twenty or one hundred
and thirty days. Therefore, I consider this of
great importance in a commercial point of view,
as well as a means of defense; and I cannot con-
sent to fritter away the means of this Govern-
ment by making contracts with li ttle corporations
upon a woik" which everybody that I have heard
speak of it, thinks is of too great magnitude for
individual enterprise to accomplish.
I will not enlarge on the means of getting the
money: but, if the Government makes the road,
we can make .the details of the bill hereafter. We
have got to pay for all the private property taken.
I have seen no clause in any of these bills that
guaranties to citizens that they will not be mo-
lested in their property. You cannot get across
this continent, from the line of the States any-
where, without taking private property; and you
must authorize whatever company you make to
take private property, and you must provide com-
pensation for it; but there is no such thing in these
bills. Arizona has been under settlement, I sup-
pose, for one hundred years. There are ranches
there, and people arc there mining; and if we au-
thorize a company to take their property, we must
provide the means of ascertaining its value, and
making satisfaction. That cannot be done by a
State corporation. No State in this Union can
authorize a private company to go into the Terri-
tories of the United States and take private prop-
erty there for public use. We must do it. But
there does not seem to be any provision in these
bills for any such purpose; and, without that, any
individual owning the lafid in one of these caxKons,
as you call them, these low places where the road
goes through, can stop the enterprise, and make
terms to suit himself.
We shall have to take jurisdiction of this mat-
ter, and build this road; and heMfe is a proposition
to build one road by the Government, which is
indispensable to its defense, and will be a saving
of money in the ordinary times*of peace, and
will be of untold value m case of war. In such
an event, nobody can estimate irs value. It will
connect the people on this side of the Rocky
Mountains with the people on the otherside, and
its achievement will be a great thing. It may be
too much to lay out m a single year, $10,000,000,
as the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes. I think that is more than can
be judiciously laid out in one year. The prop-
osition says the amount shall not exceed ten mil-
lions, and I hope less will be spent. That is a
great amount to lay out in labor in a single year,
and this is principally labor. Five or seven mil-
lions a year would be a great amount of money
to spend judiciously. It would take an army of
men to earn $5,000,000 a year, and I do not think
we are in a condition to be loo lavish with our
money. It is better to be a little longcrin doing
this work. I should want to do nothing but look
at the map, and see where the population of this
country had settled, withoutreferencc to any such
work, to tell where to begin this road. That pop-
ulation has stretched out beyond the border of the
State of Missouri some hundreds of miles further
west than it has anywhere else. The population
of the country indicates the eastern terminus of
this road, where it has approached furthest to the
west, and where the means of internal commu-
nication are now adequate. I understand that
during the present winter they calculate to have
railroad connection from St. Louis to St. Joseph's
on the Missouri. Perhaps the Senator from Mis-
souri can say whether 1 am right or not.
Mr. POLK. That toad is very near comple-
tion. I do not know the exact day when it is to
be opened.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is supposed that next
spring the cars will be running on ic. Thus we
have railroad communication from New York to
the Missouri river, with population a hundred,
or a hundred and fifty miles beyond that. If the
. road is to be built through that section of country
bordering on the Missouri, provision must be
made of course for taking private property, and
making just lemunerafion for it. Iam no law-
yer, but I doubt whether any State can create a
corporation which can go into our territory and
take private property within the jurisdiction of
this Government. I know they ought not to
be able to do it, and 1 do not think they can do
it. Gentlemen spoke the other day of our want
of power to go into the States with a national road.
1 believe I am about as good a State-rights man as
most Senators, and I do not know of any greater
indignity that could be offered -to a State than to
undertake to let another State make a corporation
to go within her borders. The States within
whose immediate control and jurisdiction these
corporations are, can hardly restrain them. If a
railroad is made through any State in our part of
the country, there is more loss than there is gain
to- the owners of land, for they carry in their train
litigation and strife; and although I have always
voted for these improvements, I have always re-
gretted the necessity of having to let these private
enterprises trample upon the rights of the own-
ers of property. 1 would not permit any Gov-
ernment in the world to invade the rights of the
people within the Territories of the United States,
but the Government of die United States. We
ought to take care of their rights. Here is a range
on this route of some fourteen hundred miles
through the Territories of the United States, sev-
eral hundred of which are thickly settled, and we
propose to let the dogs loose and tie the stones
down; to let these people go in and take their
property without, any provision for their security.
This Government ought to take care of them, and
ought to be hbornl with them, and if this propo-
sition prevails, I hope that from this time onward
there will be a reservation in every grant of land
that we shall have a right to go through it, and
take itatpr^per prices to be paid hereafter. Under
the original bill, however, if the contract pro-
posed to be made, shall be entered into, you can-
not alter it. It piesems to my mind a very dan-
gerous experiment. If, however, the Government
undertake to do this work and do it wisely,
they can do justice by every man who owns -a
foot of land on the whole route, and we ought to
guard it properly. ♦
- I will not enlarge on these objections. They
multiply every time I read one of these bills. I
say, that if a corporation, or a dozen corpora-
tions, should get hold of it, they can run riot, and
lay waste every man's property from here to the
Pacific without any means of redress provided.
I say the Government is the proper power to
build this road—and I would greatly prefer to
build it by the Government—and I do not know
of any other way in which you can control it,
and keep it out of the hands of the Wall-street
speculators.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It was not
my intention, Mr. President, to consume a single
moment of the ume of the Senate m the discus-
sion of this bill. Every vote that I have given,
every motion that I have made^ince the discus-
sion of the subject commenced, has been with the
view of having speedy action, by the Senate, upon
this bill; but perhaps I may as well, at. this time,
state two or three reasons why I shall vote against
the bill upon its final passage. The question has
assumed a shape which makes it incumbent on me
to do so.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] docs not come up to
what I would require in many particulars; but if
that amendment were out of the way, I understand
there is a proposition before the Senate to be
acted upon, which was merely withdrawn for the
purpose of testing the Senate upon the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] comes forward
with a proposition in lieu of the original bill, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Interior to receive
proposals for the construction of three roads from
the Atlantic to the Pacific side of the continent.
This proposition is so enormous, it proposes to
fix upon the country so great an expenditure,
that, situated as I am, I feel called upon to give
some reasons why I shall vote against it. There
arc other considerations in connection with the
original bill, and some positions said to have
been assumed by the party to which 1 belong,
that I think untenable and unauthorized; hence
I shall assign some few reasons, not consuming
much of the time of the Senate, why I shall vote
against these propositions at the present ses-
sion.
Mr. President, to the extent that I have been
instructed in the doctrines of cither of the par-
ties of this country, I have been trained in the
school of the strict constructionists; and, accord-
ing to my understanding of the Constitution of
the country, I look upon this measure as being
clearly unconstitutional. I know, in reference to
works of internal improvement to be constructed
by the Federal Government, it is difficult to, de-
termine where the power of the Federal Govern-
ment begins and where it ends. It is somewhat
difficult to determine what character of improve-
ment is clearly within the Constitution, or, in
other words, to determine what particular char-
acter of improvement is national and what is
local. I know the distinction is hard"to draw in
many instances; for local works approach na-
tional works-so closely that the line of division
is scarcely within the reach of the human intel-
lect; but there are sofne things which are certain.
We cannot tell exactly when the light of day
terminates, and the shades of night begin; but wa
can tell when it is mid-day, when the sun is at
his meridian,and when midnight darkness is/upon
us. So we can determine the character of some
of the works of internal improvement; we can
tell when they are glaringly unconstitutional.
I have been taught, ana it is my settled con-
viction, that in all questions of doubt, (admitting
even that it was a doubtful question,) as to the
constitutional power of Congress in reference to
internal improvements, Congress should desist
from the exercise of a douhtful power; and before
its exercise Congress should look to the source of
all our power to define specially the extent of the
authority to be exercisea by the legislative body.
I have also learned that in doubtful questions of
this kind we should pursue principle. Mr. Jef-
ferson laid it down as a fundamental rule, in all
doubtful questions, to pursue principle; and in
the pursuit of a correct principle, you can never
reach a wrong conclusion. What is the principle
involved here ? We assume, placing it upon the
best ground on which it can be placed, thatitis a
doubtful power at least. Then, falling back upon
the rule laid dotfn by Mr. Jefferson, what is the
principle? It is to call upon the source-of all
power before you exercise a doubtful authority.
If we continue the course of exercising doubt-
ful constitutional powers, the Constitution wil), in
a very short time, cease, as it has, in a great meas-
ure, already ceased, to exist. I confess that I was
somewhat refreshed the other day when the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Bemjamin] took up this
question. I really felt gratified that the fact, the
great fact, that a Constitution exists in this coun-
try, had not been altogether lost sight of, and that
there was here and there a member of this body
who still had a knowledge of the existence of the
Constitution, and was disposed to recur to its
provisions, and call the country to their proper
exercise.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] con-
gratulated himself upon the Senator from Louis-
iana coming over to the school of the strict con-
structionists; he congratulated himself upon the
acquisition the Democratic party had made in re-
ceiving the accession of so distinguished an indi-
vidual to the doctrines of a strict construction of
the Constitution. Well, sir, I think we may con-
gratulate the country oil it; I think we may feel
proud of the acquisition; but if the same rule laid
.down by the Senator, as applied to the Senator
from Louisiana, be applied to himself, it would
seem that when he is contending for the opposite
construction of the Constitution, he is becoming
a little latitudmous, and he is about to occupy the
former position of the Senator from Louisiana.
While I was gratified on the one hand-to welcome
the Senator from Louisiana into our ranks as a
strict constructionist, I regretted extremely on the
other to lose the Senator from Mississippi by his
going over to the doctrines of the latitudina-
rians.
The pnwer to construct this road is placed, by
the friends of the bill, upon that provision of the
Constitution which says that Congress shall have
power to declare war. Because the power is con-
ferred upon Congress to declare war, does the in-
ference follow that Congress even has the right
to declare war unless it is necessary and proper
to do so ? Does the fact that we have the power
to declare war, imply that we must improperly
cxercise the power because it is conferred? Not
at all.
But when it says that Congress shall have power
to declare war, the Constitution goes on to say
that Congress shall have power to raise an army.
WhyAdmitting that this is an express grant,
it sinks into and becomes an incident to the power
