1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
mu
breaking the bands of the Union, and dissolving
the Confederacy; but if the globe was cracked,
and about to fa!) apart, \vc have constructed enough
railroad to bind it clear around, and hold it to-
gether, if a railroad would do it. But it is said
this road will reduce the expenses of the War
Department.
If this road were constructed now—if it were
laid down in the course of a night by enchantment,
so that it would cost you nothing to construct it,
it would cost you more than the entire expenses
of the War Department to run the road. If you
had a company that would construct the road in
a night's time, and give it to.you free of cost the
next day, it would cost you more to run the road
than it costs you to carry on the War Depart-
ment now. Why, sir, you cannot protect the
railroad. Suppose you put five men per mile on
the road two thousand miles long: it would re-
quire ten thousand men. You might not want
them equally dispersed, but average them at five
men to the mile for two thousand miles, and you
require ten thousand men; and in the manner in
which we have been raising and supporting regi-
ments by this Government, ^t has cost us
$1,000,000 for each thousand .men. That was
the estimate at the last session. Then you must
take into the account the interest of the money,
and the other expenses of keeping it up without
way travel or way freight, relying on thro gh
travel to sustain the line along such a trunk of
railroad as that will be, if ever constructed; and
all the railroad statistics of the country prove that
railioads must rely on way travel, and way
freight to be sustained. You must have people,
you must have country, you must have com-
merce to sdstain the road, and not arid and sterile
deserts.
Mr. President, tlie true policy to secure the
construction of a road from here to the Pacific is
the one we have been pursuing elsewhere in the
country. Encourage settlement'; encourage the
cultivation of the soil; and as your settlements
advance, carrying along with them the arts of
agriculture, mechanics, and science of every de-
scription, as they want these improvements, they
will follow as a legitimate incident. Let your
settlements go on progressively, and as these im-
Erovements are wanted, your settlements will
uild them. Do not be afraid of California. The
Californians are a brave and galiant people; and
if you put the question to them to-day—L think
I might speak authoritatively—they will tell you
they can defend themselves; they will tell you, if
you put the construction of this road exclusively
on the war power, that they do not ask it for that.
When you leave out the commercial reasons,
when you leave out the other reasons for the con-
struction of this road, and put it 011 the war power,
California will tell you that she can defend her-
self. If she wants a fort, an arsenal, or a dock-
yard, give it to California, as you have to the
other States.
I11 many instances, when this question has
come up, the Union lias been introduced, and we
are told this road is to be a bond of union. Cal-
ifornia and Washington city are nearly as close
to each other as Georgia and Maine were in the
revolutionary war, in point of time, and closer
than New Orleans would have been to Washing-
ton, if she had been a part of the Confederacy in
the Revolution. This road is to be constructed
as a bond of union—a road running through a
desert—a road to bring us a little tea, to bring us
some silks. This is a great bond of union; and
one powerful reason I heard given 011 this floor,
why this road should not be constructed at this
immense expense was, that the flayor of the tea
we get from China, passing through the torrid
zone, was not quite so good as it ought to be, and
therefore we must have a railroad to cost two or
three hundred million dollars to get our tea with
a little better flavor. I do not think the people of
this country will be injured much by the present
flavor of the tea. There is enough of a used for
all useful and wholesome purposes. But if this
Union hangs together by no stronger tenure than
the construction of a railroad which, as has been
demonstrated, must go through ail arid desert,
I tell you it will go; and if California's remaining
in the Union depends upon the construction of
this railroad by the States on this side of the con-
tinent, I say, and I say itin good nature, let Cal-
ifornia go.
I. do not believe any such thing of her. I be-
lieve she will stay. It is her interest to stay;
and she will stay. Where would she go? Who
would she take for a protector if she cannot pro-
tect herself? The Union—the Union is the con-
stant cry, sir. I am for the Union; but in every
little speech I have to make'I do not deem it ne-
cessary to sing pecans and hosannas to the Union.
I tlnmk the Union will stand uninterrupted; it will
go on, as it has gone on, without my singing
pseans to it; and this thing of saving the Union,
t will remark here, has been done so often tiiatit
has got to be entirely a business transaction.
Every now and then, as Addison used to say,
great men come up in clusters; and there seems
to come up a cluster of individuals who are ex-
ceedingly anxious for immortality, either in this
or the other world; perhaps in both; and they
must get up a great crisis; the different portions
of the Union must be arrayed against each other;
and it becomes necessary to save the Union.
Hence there are compromises on one side and on
the other; and they all come up and seem to make
a sacrifice on the altar of their common country,
and the Union is once more saved.
Well, sir, I have never considered the Union
yet in danger. I do not believe all the factionists
in this Government can pull it to pieces. I do
not believe they possess power enough to dissolve
the bands that bind this Government together—
the bands of mutual interest, the bands of patri-
otism, the idea and association of a common suf-
fering, the feeling of interest, to narrow it down
to that sordid principle by which it is said most
men are controlled, the sordid principle of self-
interest. It cannot be dissolved. It is the inter-
est of the States to stay in the Union; it is the
interest of the States to keep the Union together;
and when it gets their interest, they will go out,
and you cannot keep them here.
Mr. President, I never intended, until one day
this week, to say a single word on this subject; and
I have spoken m a very desultory manner. I am
against tills railroad, for three reasons. The first
two I have enumerated; the last one is understood.
I come now to the proposition offered by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
The Senate, I hope, will pardon me for making
use of a figure which used to be very familiar in
my State, and had name and credit and authority
with the citizens of that State. When we look
on that proposition, it is to receive proposals for
the construction of three roads, and after they are
received they are to be opened and transmitted to
the Congress of the United States. One section
provides, that they must indicate in their bids how
much money, how much lands, or how much of
both, they will take to construct these roads; and
there it ends. We start out with a bill to con-
struct a road absolutely. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, at the very outset, reports a bill in lieu
of it. While we work along upon various propo-
sitions, we consume two sessions of Congress;
and now we have reached the conclusion—and
this is merely withheld to test the sense of the
Senate on the proposition of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Mississippi. It is now withdrawn for
the time being; but we are soon to have action on
it; and what does it propose ? Years ago it was
thought necessary to make an appropriation to
have surveys and explorations made. These
explorations and surveys have been made; you
have them all before you, of the different routes,
costing m amount more than a million dollars.
Now, having spent two sessions, and sessions be-
fore, in the discussion of this subject; after all this,
we have reached the conclusion, that we will re-
ceive proposals and submit them to Congress,
which amounts to just nothing at all. Does that
seem to be disposing of the matter seriously ?
It reminds me of the story related of Crockett
and one of the judges of my State. How true it is,
I do not know. In one of their canvasses, Judge
Fitzgerald—not a judge at that time—got up and
made a speech; and about the time he was con-
cluding his speech, Crockett, in his ironical way,
got him just by the edge of his coat, and said,
" Look here, Fitzgerald; you are coming out at
precisely the same hole you went in at." [Laugh-
ter.] I think this proposition brings us out just
precisely where we commenced. Proposals and
estimates are to be received, and then the subject
is to come here the next session with propositions
to build three railroads.
We are to build three railroads. No one will
pretend to say that if the Government constructs
all these roads they will cost leas than $SW0,000,000
apiece. Then we are to have three, which will
amount to $600,000,000. Where will the end be?
What will it come'to? Does "not the President
himself tell you in his own message, that if the
Government saw fit to undertake these roads, it
will result in corruption, fraud, peculation, and
speculation; hence he thinks it ought to.be dona
by a company incorporated by the States? I will
read his language from his message:
" It is freely admitted that it would be inexpedient tot
this Government to exercise the power of constructing the
Pacific railroad by its own immediate agents. Sue!) a power
would increase the patronage of the Executive to a dan-
gerous extent, and introduce a system of Jobbing and cor-
ruption which no vigilance on the part of Federal officials
could either prevent or detect. This can only be done by
the keen eye ami active and careful supervision of indi-
vidual and private interest. The construction of this road
ought, therefore, to be committed to companies incorpo-
rated by the States, or other agencies whose pecuniary in-
terests would be directly involved. Congress might then
assist them m the work by grants of land, or of money, or
both, under such conditions and restrictions as would se-
cure the transportation ot tioops and munitions of war tiee
from any charge, and nf the United States mail at a fair
and reasonable price."
The proposition of which I am now speaking,
however, looks to the expenditure of $600,000,000
on three railroads running from the Atlantic to
the Pacific coast, the southern one going as far
south as the western boundary of Arkansas and
Texas. Two of them are to be north. I do not
object to them on that account. I object to the
enormousness of the proposition—$600,000,000!
Do you remember the history of the legislation
in reference to the Cumberland road? That
was a miniature, a mere minnow, compared with
this leviathan measure. Look at the legislation
of that time; look at the corruption, the endless
legislation, I was going to say, that took plaoe
on that subject. Now, you are to begin three
roads two thousand miles long, six thousand
miles in all, to cost $600,000,000, and the Govern-
ment is to embark in that. What will it cost?
How much corruption, how much speculation,
how much fraud, will ensue ? Can any one tell ?
If we undertake a work of this kind, it will be
nothing but a series of endless corrupting legis-
lation fit will be a bottomless pit into which you
may empty the revenues of this nation for the
next fifty years, and you will still increase th«
centralizing power here.
What is now the debt of the Federal Govern-
ment? Sixty-five millions; and we have a heavy
public debt existing in another shape, not quite so
centralizing in its influence. How much do your
States now owe for railroads and other improve-
ments? Go to your statistical tables, and se 
what your States owe. The people are burdened
now. Municipal corporations are even taxed to
death. How much do they owe? Take the States,
and their indebtedness now runs up to over three
hundred million dollars. Add to that the indebt-
edness of your various corporations, and it is over
four hundred million dollars. It is true this is not
quite so centralizing in its influence; but it is a
great national debt that is imposed on the people,
and the people have the interest and the principal
to pay. After the States have exhausted their re-
sources; after they have accumulated as much
debt as they can bear, then the resort is from the
States to the Federal Government, and the Fed-
eral Government is to be involved in a correspond-
ing amount with just as much as the people can
bear here. Do we not see where we are going?
Do we not see the tendency of legislation ?
Talk about dissolution of the Union! I never
had any fears of a dissolution. My great appre-
hensions—and I think they are well founded when
I look at the tendency of our whole policy—are
that everything is tending to the center, and just
in proportion, as you increase the amount of
money collected and disbursed by this Govern-
ment, in the very same proportion you increase the
centralizing power here. AH parts of the nation
look up to the Federal Government for contracts;
they look up here for jobs; they look up here for
cases of speculation and fraud; and the Govern-
ment furnishes the means for them; while your
States, instead of becoming more distinct and in-
tegral in their character, are sinking into mere
petty corporations, sinking into insignificance,
mere satellites of an inferior character, revolving
around the great central power here at Washing-
