THE
; 'GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHIJ^OTpNy JX ;0. ;
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2e> Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1859.
,N&w
I move the previous question on the adoption
o# th# resolution.
' Mr. KELSEY. I make a point of order on the
resolution reported by the committee. I am dis-
posed to think that it is not such a resolution as
the committee are authorized to report. I believe
that, under the parliamentary law, they should
have reported either that there was no ground for
the charges, and that further proceedings were not
necessary, or they should have reported that there
was probable cause of the charges, and that Mr.
Searing should be put on his trial, it is true that,
as soon as Mr. Searing's name appeared in con-
nection with the charges, he was notified of the
fact, and permitted to be present when the testi-
mony was taken. But I deny that this committee
had any power to try him at all. They should
have reported that there was no cause for further
proceedings against him,orelse reported that there
was probable cause, and recommended that fur-
ther proceedings be instituted. If it be in order,
I move that the subject be recommitted to the com-
mittee, with instructions to report one thing or
the other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order upon the ground, in the first
place, that it was competent for the committee to
leport such a resolution as they should see proper
in reference to the case. Upon the latter point,
made by the gentleman from New York, the
Chair would lemark that it was decided by a
former House, and decided adversely to the view
taken by the gentleman.
Mr. KELSEY. I am aware of that; but I think
they decided wrong. I am in favor of returning
to the old parliamentary practice.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me five minutes upon the subject
of this leport?
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question is pending.
Mr. STANTON. I have not had the time to
read the testimony taken in this case, and am not
prepared to vote upon it. I hope the House will
give some time to consider the report. If not, I
shall move to lay the resolution on the table, and
demand the yeas and nays. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle- j
man from Ohio to withdraw his demand for the i
previous question for a moment?
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not withdraw the demand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say that I have had no opportunity to examine
the testimony in the case, and that, if the vote is
to be taken now, f shall decline to vote.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will that carry with it the
resolution for paying the stenographer?
The SPEAKER. It will not. They are inde-
pendent reports.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It would be un-
just to lay this resolutjfigkon the table. I hope
the motion will not be agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I have not had time to ex-
amine this resolution sufficiently to be prepared
to vote upon it. So far as my investigation has
gone, my judgment certainly differs from the con-
clusions of the committee.
The motion to lay on the table was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; which main
question was, on the adoption of the resolution
reported by the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CRAWFORD, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the House making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1860, made the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote^of
the two Houses on the amendment? to the bill (H. It. No.
105
66?) making appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, I860, having met, after
a full and free conference, have agreed to recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede fVom their disagreement to the
Senate's fourth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: suike out" including experiments
on heavy ordnance for that purpose," and insert, at the end
of &aid amendment, " out of which $50,000 are to be used
for experiments on heavy ordnance."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifth amendment, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows : strike out the words u and fifty."
That the Senate recede from the following amendments,
namely: four, seven, nineteen, twenty, twenty-five, twenty-
seven, and twenty-eight.
That the Flotue recede from their disagreement to the
following amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same, namely: eight, fifteen, twenty-one, twenty-two,
twenty-three, and twenty-four.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the Sen-
ate's twenty-fourth amendment, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: after line five, insert the
words " for Fort Knox, Penob&cot Bay, §20,000."
Stnke out lines eight and nine.
In line ten, strike "out " fifty," and insert "foity."
After line ten, insert the wojda, " for Foit Montgomeiy,
Lake Chainplain, §10,000."
In line eleven, strike out "one hundred," and insert
"seventy-five."
Jn lines thirteen and fourteen, stiike out "one hundred,"
and insert "seventy-five."
lri line seventeen, strike out "seventy-five," and insert
" fifty."
In line nineteen, strike out " fifty," and insert " thirty."
In line twenty-two, stnke out the word "five."
In line twenty-foui, strike out " fifty," and insert
" Unity."
MARTIN J. CRAWFORD,
B. STANTON,
, CHARLES J. FAULKNER,
Managers on the part of the House.
JEFFERSON DAVIS,
R. TOOMBS,
XV. P. RESSENDEN,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The first disagrecingvote
on this bill was in reference to the appropriation
for armaments for fortifications. The House ap-
propriated $150,000. The Senate increased the
appropriation to $200,000. The committee recom-
mend that the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate and agree
to retain the appropriation of §200,000 for that
purpose.
The second disagreeing vote of the two Houses
was in reference to the appropriation for ord-
nance stores. The House inserted the sum of
$150,000. The Senate increased the appropria-
tion to $250,000. The committee recommend that
the Senate recede from $50,000 and the Tlnnso
allow an increase of £50,000, leaving the sum in-
serted m the bill $200,000. The next disagreeing
vote was in regard to the Benicia arsenal, fiom
which the Senate recedes. The next is in regard
to the Texas arsenal, whore there were $G,0U0
difference between the two Houses. From that
the House recedes.
The sixth amendment is in reference to the in-
struction, &c., of the militia. The House recedes
from its disagreement; because, in the opinion of
the committee, that, as the militia are the defend-
ers of the country in case of war, they should be
as thoroughly grounded m the tactics as possible.
The next is in regard to the payment of the Kan-
sas volunteers called out by General Smith. The
Senate recedes from that amendment. The next
amendment provides that no part of outstanding
appropriations for military purposes shall be ex-
pended during the fiscal year herein provided,
other than may be necessary to pay for existing lia-
bilities, The Senate recedes from its amendment.
The next amendment is in reference to disabled
soldiers and their support; and from its disagree-
ment to that amendment the House recedes. The
House also recedes from its disagreement to the
amendment extending the benefits of the general
act to disabled soldiers, whether regulars or vol-
unteers, of the war of 18J2, or subsequent wars.
The eleventh amendment requires that pension-
ers shall surrender their pensions whenever they
go into the asylum. The House recedes from its
disagreement. The House recedes from its dis-
agreement to the proposed reduction of the sum
paid pensioners at the asylum. The next is in
regard to the amendmentproviding for paying the
States interest on the money thep r!iay "hav# l<ssj
or paid for expenses incurred during the w&r of
1812 and subsequently,. The Senate.receded'As
a matter of course, the House could iaic^Af)
ther action. The twenty-fourth amendment^ for
fortifications. An agreement was bad, taking ap
the provisions separately. It was agreed that
Fort Knox should have $20,000, for that was
pursuance of the action of the House itself. Fort
Montgomery is allowed $10,000. Fort Carroll is
reduced from an appropriation of $50,000, to
$40,000; Fort Delaware from $100,000 to $75-,000;
Fort Calhoun from $109,000 to *75,000; Fort
Clinch from $75,000-to $50,000; Fort Alcatraz,
California, from $50,000 to $30,000; Fort Taylor
from $75,000 to $70,000; and in regard to the work
on Fort Gaines, the appropriation was reduced
from $50,000 to $30,000. The Senate recedes
from the remaining disagreeing votes. Theamount
of money involved in the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two Houses was $1,863,000. The
Senate recedes from $1,737,000, and the Houstf
from $126,000. That is excepting the fortification
appropriations. The House there recedes from
$600,000, and the Senate from $200,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask a
question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If I yield to one, I must
yield to all; and as it is necessary we should get
along with the public business, I must demand
the previous question on the adoption of the re-
port.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 ask that the amendment in
reference to disabled soldiers be read.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. BRANCH. Have I not the right to have
the amendment read ?
The SPEAKER. Not if objection is made.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask that the report of the
committee of conference^be read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Has the gentle-
man the right to have it read?
The SPEAKER. He has.
The report was read, as above inserted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
on the adoption of the report.
Tellers wore not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were, on
division—ayes 96, noes 44.
So the report was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ?*1ARSIIALL, of Kentucky. I want to
call the attention of the,House to one fact in ref-
erence to the bill and report that has been just
passed, in which I am sure a mistake has oc-
curred. It is in regard to the third amendment,
relating to disbursing officers, who engage the
credit of the Government.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The motion to
reconsider was laid on the table; and there ia noth-
ing before the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 wish to
call the attention of the House to the fact that a
mistake has occurred, in same way or other, in
regard to this important measure, and against the
will of the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask to take from
the Speaker's table the Senate's amendments to
the Post Officc appropriation bill, and have them
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. 1 propose to the gentleman from
Missouri, that the bill be taken from the Speak-
er's table, and that I be allowed to submit my
question of privilege.
