1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~-^jHate that this is imposed upon me as a Demo-
cratic measure by the Cincinnati convention. I
think this is a measure outside of a strict con-
struction of the Constitution. I think it is inex-
pedient and wholly improper at the present time;
and, this being my conviction, I leave the subject
to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall occupy
the Senate b\ita short time.
• Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very sorry
that the Senator will take it up at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel it my duty to say a few
words. I shall occupy as short a time as possi-
ble.
Mr. President, I shall not follow the Senator
from Tennessee in the very wide range he has
taken; for though he describes the bill of the
Senator from California, or rather the bill of the
committee reported by the Senator from Califor-
nia, as being both wide and long in its application
to the public lands, it seems to me that the Sen-
ator himself in discussing that bill has drawn into
it subjects which even us great length and its
great breadth would not include. He has thought
proper to speak at a time when an amendment
offered by myself was pending, and has addressed
his remarks to a bill to which that amendment
was directly opposed. Thus he speaks as though
his $25,000,000, his $600,000,01)0, of which he
speaks as the expenditure for this road and the
innumerable number of acres of land, all belonged
to the substitute before the Senate. They belong
to the bill which the substitute was intended to
displace.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I intended,
and thought I did make the exception of the Sen-
ator's proposition,and stated that, as between the
two, I should vote for his, and that my remarks
would be confined principally to the original bill
and the substitute for it oflered by the Senator
from Tennessee.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not notice the extraneous
matter, and most of all that hardship of which the
Senator complains as practically existing ill the
country, which prevents the multiplication of
presidential candidates, a hardship which I do
not feel, and in the zeal vfith which he arraigns
it I cannot sympathize. I will say, however, that
whilst I omit the general view of that point, 1 like
the programme which the Senator presents as his
plan of administration very well. He proposes
to reduce the expenditures from seventy-five or
eighty millions to fifty million dollars; and, if a
pony race should occur, in which no parties are
represented and everybody who thinks he is fit
to administer the Government should be a candi-
date, I do not know but that 1 like the Senator's
programme very well. I shall not yet pledge him
my vote, however.
But, Mr. President, I should not have risen at
all, but for the very kind manner in which the
Senator laments my departure from the doctrines
of strict construction and my wandering into the
field oflatitudinariamsm. He shows such interest
in me, and follows me with such kind instiuction,
that I feel it is due to him, that I should relieve
him of some portion of the apprehension which
he entertains. In so doing, I shall be compelled
to show him that, whilst he lectures upon consti-
tutional law, there are some parts of it which per-
haps he has not maturely considered.
There are two kinds of enemies to the Consti-
tution. One kind consists of those who disregard
it, who trample it under foot, who would claim
that it was no restraint upon the Government of
the United States, who would seek to draw the
States into one great central Government, and to
overthrow the compact which binds the States
together. Another kind, and scarcely less dan-
gerous, consists of those who, sticking in the
bark of the text, unwilling to acknowledge that
anything grows out of the Constitution unless it
is written down in it, destroy its vitality and drive
the Government, by the necessity of the case, to
assume functions which, under their construction,
it would not have. Thus, the Senator says that
he cannot find any warrant in the Constitution for
using this, though it be a necessary means inci-
dent to the war-making power; and then refers to
the Constitution, and reads the provision that
Congress shall have power to declare war. Is
that ail? Why was that power given ? It is the
great duty of the Federal Government, and the
States united themselves together under one head,
to provide for the common defense. The war-
making power is expected to be exercised mainly
for defensive purposes. It devolved on the Gen-
eral Government to provide for the general wel-
fare; and the treaty and war-making power come
under these general duties and grants conferred,
to enable this general agent to^perform the duties
imposed on it.
But the grant did notstop there. If ithad, the
Senator might have argued with some plausibility
that the right to maintain an army only arose af-
ter the declaration of war. If he had read the Con-
stitution a little further and a little more closely,
he would have found that Congress had the power
to maintain an army and a navy; he would have
found by a little further examination that he was
in error when he supposed this army was put
under the command of the Executive. He would
have found instead of the men who formed this
Government giving to the Executive the Army,
as an instrument to work his will, they would not
even grant him the poor power of making regu-
lations to govern it. The men who formed this
Government, jealous' of any use of the sword by
the Executive, retained in the hands of Congress
the power of making the rules and regulations
for governing the land and the naval forces, as
well as that of calling out the militia; and what-
ever powder the President possesses, save in his
capacity of Commander-in-Chief,he derives from
the laws of Congress, which have from lime to
time delegated certain powers to him, not by a
constitutional orKxecutiveprerogative, Congress
has the control of the Army, and not the Prcai-
' dent, and I thank the wisdom of those who made
our free institutions that it is so.
Eut the Senator says, if this be the result of the
war-making power, we must wait until war is
declared. A beautiful system of national defense,
surely, the Senator would found upon his theory.
You are not to make a road, though you need it
for defense. You are not to btnld a fort, though
you need it for defense. You are not to roll a
grain of powder; to cast a shot or shell; to make
a gun, great or small. You must wait until war
is declared, and then you acquire this ;js an inci-
dent to the war-making power. His argument
goes to the whole extent; that, as an incident
to the war-making power, it only arisns after the
declaration of war. if I have not mistaken his
language,I believe that is the substance of it; I am
ready to be corrected, however, if I mistake.
Then he runs into the error of supposing that
the Constitution having given to the Presidentthe
military power, Congress have a check upon him
in their power to withhold appropriations for a
greater period than two years. I should have
thought he was speaking of the British constitu-
tion; I should have thoughthewastreatingof mo-
narchical Governments, where the Crown holds
the sword, and where the House of Commons
voting the supplies had no other check than by
limiting its appropriations from year to year. Our
Government is differently constituted. Our Ex-
ecutive has no control of the Army save that
which he derives from Congress. Even his Ex-
ecutive prerogative of nomination and appoint-
ment is fettered by law. He is tied down to fol-
low m the path that Congress has chosen to indi-
cate to him.
The Senator concludes (such is the line of his
argument) that, as it is not proper now to exer-
cise the war-making power, it is not proper to
make this road if it attaches to the war-making
power; and, he might, in the same view, equally
have argued, as it is not a proper time for war, we
had better close our armories, stop the manufac-
ture of powder, desist from everything which
tends to promote national defense—everything
which is needful to provide for it. It all comes
within the general category. The Senator draws
his illustrations from familiar things. I will say
that his theory is somewhat like the man who
would not cover his house in •'dry weather, be-
cause he did not then need a roof; and his position
would be that of the same man, who could not
cover it when he needed, because then it rained.
If he did not make this road before a war, he could
not make it during the war until all for which it
would be made had been lost.
The Senator's argument against expending
money to make a road which is not necessary I
! concur in if he will omit all that portion of it
j which makes th« necessity depend on the declar-
ation of war. If the road is not necessary, I
would not vote one cent for it. If it is not one of
the means which we are properlyto employ, I
would not vote a cent. If it be a proper means,
if it be the most efficient means, if it be tho most
economical means, then, I ask, why those who
donotgotohis whole extent, but still ga on from
year to year making expenditures to provide for
the common defense, should not adopt this mode,
if it can be shown to be the cheapest which they
can pursue ?
As to the old argument of the abuse of power,
it belongs to everything. 'Government is a prac-
tical thing. It is to be administered by men. Our
Government was founded by honest men. -It can
only be administered Ly men both intelligent and
honest. The abuse of any power which we pos-
sess might be arrayed as an argument against its
exercise. I think it may be very well stated in
this, as in other cases, that those powers which
are most useful, most readily run into abuse. It
comes within the maxim, the worst ia the abuse
of the best.
I will not discuss the various points in the Sen-
ator's argument in relation to the road, but will
merely state some of them. He says it runs across
a desert, and it is to be built by the people that in-
habit the country. The one propositiondenies the
other. If the country is a desert, if it is sterile
and arid, the people cannot live along it, who will
build it. My own opinion is, that there is no
road over the continent which ever will be built
by the people who reside near it; and my own
belief is, that if, at some remote period, a teeming
population strctching out to the extreme limit of
fertility from the valley of the Mississippi, and
reaching out in the same manner from the Pacific
ocean should ever build this road, it will be at
such'a remote period, that all the catastrophes
which have been so often portrayed in this de-
bate will probably first occur. Such a cireum-
"stance is only to arise at such a remote period
that we do not anticipate it. So much for the
constant argument of the people building it them-
selves.
Then the Senator speaks of the expense of sur-
veys. I really did not understand whether he
said the expense had been some million of dol-
lars, or some millions of dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. A million, as
I understand, has been expended in printing and
making the surveys.
Mr.'DAVlS. In printing, I belieTe, the whole
sum the Senator stated has been, or may be spent
before they get through; but the surveys are a
i different thing. The surveys, I think, cost about
one third of a million, with all the reports. What
I Congress has spent in printing them is a different
I question, altogether unconnected with making
[ tlie surveys themselves. I suppose the Senator
j thought that the expense of making the surveys
would cost that amount, and that he was going
to weigh it down a little more heavily with money,
so as to increase its weight, for he used some
kind of a figure by which he spoke of the weight
of the railroad as tufnbling the Union to pieces.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not think
I said so.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the Senator—in ar-
guing against the proposition of somebody, that
it was a bond to hold the Union—to use that lan-
guage.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Will the
Senator allow me to interrupt him f
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I always
make it a point, in ansvsreringn speech, to answer
what was said. I think the Senator misunder-
stands me. I said it was argued, by some, that
the construction of this railroad would be a great
bond of union. I stated, in answer to that, that
if the Union was going to be dissolved, the road
would be no tie towards holding it together; that
instead of its being a tie, if these States were
prepared to be dissevered, the road would no
more bind them together than a rope of sand.
Mr. DAVIS. I should not agree with the
Senator in that. I hold that ppoplc are held to-
gether by their interests. I hold that the people
of the Pacific slope will remain attached to the
people of the Mississippi valley, so long as it is
their interest, and perhaps a little longer from
habit and affection; but that it is necessary to bind
them together to give similarity to tiieiroommeroe;
