em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
MOUNT VERNON ASSOCIATION.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to re-
port back the memorial of the Ladies' Mount Yer-
non Association of the Union, asking the exten-
sion of the franking: privilege to the regents of
that association. The committee are of opinion
that the franking privilege ought to be restricted
and not extended. They, have therefore directed
me to make an adverse report on the memorial.
I move that the report be laid upon the table, and,
with the accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
On motion of Mr. ENGLISH, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the following
memoiials; which were laid upon the table, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A memorial on the expediency of abolishing
the Post Office Department;
The memorial of Oliver E.Woods, of Phila-
delphia, relative to a plan for increasing the effi-
ciency of the delivery branch of the Pacific mail
service;
The memorial of JolmW. Post, concerning
mail balls; and
The petition of Rebecca J. Birdsall, praying
for relief.
MAIL SERVICE IN THE GULF OF MEXICO.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to ask
that it be discharged fiom the further considera-
tion of the memorial of Carlos Butterfield, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail lino of steam
communication between the puncipal American
and Mexican ports on the Gulf of Mexico, and
that the some be referred to the Committee on
Com meroe,
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to ask the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads why hiscommittee has not
jurisdiction of that subject? My attention was
called to it this morning; and I was told that it
would be referred to the Committee on Commerce;
but 1 regard the Post Office Committee ay the
proper one to consider it.
Mr. ENGLISH. If it was desired to establish
the line atall, it would be for commercial rather
than for postal purposes#
Mr. WASHBURN K, of Illinois. I would ask
if the memorial does not pray for the establish-
ment of this line for mail purposes, as well as for
commercial purposes ? I understand thatitd-ies,
and I think that the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.had better keep jurisdiction of
the subject.
Mr. ENGLISH. No doubt th^ Committer on
the Post Office and Post Roads had jiu i.Mnetion
of the subject; but the committee were of opinion
that, if the lino were established at all, it should ho
established for commercial and not postal service.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The subject which
has been presented to the attention of the House
by the chairman of* the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, has been submitted, m
some degree, to my own attention; and I think,
in reference to the general nature of the subject,
and its bearings on the general interest and pros-
perity of the Union and its commerce, the proper
committee for it to bo referred to is the Commit-
tee on Commerce. The only difficulty in the case
is that the call of that committee has passed, and
it is a little questionable whether now, in the re-
maining part of the session, that committee will
be again called, it is veiy sure that this subject
ought to be introduced to the attention of the
House, and that it devolves on the House to con-
sider it m connection with tlie good and welfare
of the whole. Union. *
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to say
that this repoit from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads lias not my concurrence,
as a member of that committee. A bill for this
purpose could not have passed that committee, as
J beheve*, and I consider that this proposition is
an attempt to take a measure, which has been de-
feated in one committee, away from that commit-
tee and send it to another committee, in the hone
that they may be induced to act on n more favor-
ably. I thercfoie think it wrong that it should
be'referred to the Committee on Commerce, and ]
especially for the reason that I think this Con- j
gress has no power to establish at sea, or else- j
where, lines for commercial purposes only, with
incidental postal advantages. It may be proper
that commerce should be incidentally benefited
by the postal system; but I hold that Congress
has no power to legislate for commercial benefit
without reference to postal service. I make these
remarks now in order that my posiiiqn may be
understood', and that any action I may take here-
after may be properly apprehended. I dissent
entirely from the object of the report, and from
the report itself,
Mr. ENGLISH. I depiand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MILLSON. I call for a division of the
question, so that the vote shall first be taken on
discharging the committee, and then on the ref-
erence.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial.
The question then being on referring the same
to the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
memorial on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded fellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Mississippi, and Craig, of Missouri, were ap-
pom ted.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 38.
So the memoiial was laid on the table.
SOUTH AMERICAN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back the
memorial of A. L. Bleecker, asking for the con-
veyance of the United States mail on the west
coastof South America, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it bo referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On that motion, he demanded the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded a divis-
I ion of the question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
. mam question ordered.
I Tiie motion that the committee be discharged
was agieed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer to the1 Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
memorial on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WEST INMES lMAI f., ETC.
Mr. ENGLISH mIso, from the same commit-
tee, reported hack the memorial of J ohn Gardner,
for West Indies, Biaztl,and Argentine mails,and
moved that the committee be discharged from the !
further consideration thereof, and that the same j
be referred to the Committee on Commerce. On i
that morion he. demanded the previous question, j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded a divis- I
ion of the question. ' j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
mam question ordered.
The motion that the committee be discharged
was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the memorial be refeired to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
memorial on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that, in the absence of the Vice President,
the Senate had appointed Bexjamix Fitzpatrick
as President pro tempore 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by his Private Secretary, Mr,
James B. Henry, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills and joint resolu-
tions of the House of Representatives of the fol-
lowing titles: ^
An act for the relief of John Duncan;
%
An act for the relief of Mrs. Henry R. School-
craft; , .
An act for the relief of James G. Holmes; and
A joint resolution authorizing Townsend Har-
ris, United States consul general at Japan, and
PI. C. I. Hcrsken, his interpreter, respectively, to
accept a snuff-box from her Majesty the Q,ueen
of England.
MAIL SAFE AND MAIL BAG.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill author-
izing the Postmaster General to test the public
utility of Foster'^ patent marine safe and metallic
mail bag.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. ENGLISH. That bill makes an appro-
priation; and I suppose it must, under the rules,
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I make that motion, and also
that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to abolish the franking privilege, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have no disposition to press
a bill of the importance of this one upon the at-
tention of the Hou^e, without time for proper
deliberation and consideration. I therefore move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and be printed,
informing the House, at the same tune,that] shall
ask them to take it up for final action at no dis-
tant day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have it read
and considered now.
Mr. ENGLISH. I do not think it would be
proper to ask the action of the House upon a bill
of tins impot tciuee, without its being printed and
time given for its consideration,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is the fashion
to postpone the consideration of bills of particu-
lar importance to a day certain, and I ask the gen-
tleman to do that,
Mr. ENGLISH. I should have no objection
to that; but i think there will be no difficulty in
getting the action of the House upon it at the
proper time.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
CLERKS IN THE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ENGLISH aNo,from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution authorizing the em-
ployment of temporary clerks in the Post Office
Department; which was lead a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes the Postmaster General to
employ for a term not exceeding one year four
temporary clerks in his Department,;'! a com-
pensation to each clerk of not more than $1,200
per annum.
Mr. ENGLISH. I send to the Clerk's desk a
communication setting forth the reasons why
these temporary clerks are needed. I ask that it
be read.
The communication was read as follows:
Posr Office Dm'autmcnt. Contract OrriCE,
J,-nUUUj2l), lfc'.lO.
Sir • I have the honor t" inelnvp hri ewith the Ictiei of the
P<Mma>tei General, Miowim: the necessity tor temporary
clerks; and he ioqui>tj me to siv that it in nnpottant to ob-
tain <tn appiopuatt-m, if by resolution or othoivvjb.e,
ar an eait> day. wiuxmt waiting for the parage of the gen-
eral appiopruuion bills, as eveiy day's delay is injurious to
tiie puhlie bu^nse*--..
Very re^pecUully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. DUNDAS,
Sccond distant Postmaster General.
Hon. W. H. En-oi.i&'II, Chairman Committee ontkcPosl Of-
Jliv and IJo?l Iloaih. Howe of liepresc/italives.^.
Post Office Department, January J8r>9.
Sin: On my application, undei the prelim- ol thr busi-
ness of thw Dopat uncut, at the last t-es«Mon of Cougars, an
appiopriation was made winch enabled me to employ sev-
eral temporaiy clerks up to the end of the la-t year. The
money being thsyi exhausted, tho ferviet j- of such clerks
weie necessarily dispensed with, alibou«_!i it was perfectly
apparent that the public business could not be properly at-
tended to without them.
Much extra labor is required in prepai ing for the lettings
of new contracts in Apcii next; and still moie m examin-
ing and entiling proposals, and pn paring and sending out
new contract-*. Tae number or' loutes under advertise-
ment exceeds two thousand. Kach one must be carefully
