1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Avery, Barr, Bennett, Bishop,
Bowie, Bianch, Bryan, Buffinton, Chaffee, John B. Clark,
Clay, Colfax, Covode, Jame& Craig, Crawlord, Curtis, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, fhmnnck, Dow-
dell, Edie, English, Farnsworth, Foley, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Gooch,. Granger, Greenwood, Harris, Hawkins, Hodges,
Houston, Huyler, Jackson, George W. Jones, Keim, Kel-
logg, Leach, Letter, Maclay, McQueen, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Mason, Mavnard, Montgomery, Morrill, Isaac N.
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Mors.e,NiDlack,01in,
Pendleton, Pettit, John S. Phelps, Reagan, Redly, Ritchie,
Robbms, Rovce, Sandidge, Scales, Kerry M. Shaw, Short-
er, Robett Smith, Samuel A. Smitli, Stevenson, William
Stewart, Talbot, Tompkins, Vance, Wade, Walbridge,
Waldron, Elhhu B. Washburne, Whiteley, Wmslow,
Wood. Woodson, and Zoliicoffer—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Atkins, Baiksdale, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Booock, Bonham, Boyce, Biayton, Burhn-
g.une', Bnrm'tt, Burns, Cavanaugh, Chapman, Horace F.
Clark, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Co-
nnn-, Corning, Davis of Mai yland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Mississippi, Dean, Dodd, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis,
Faulkner, Fen ton, Florence, Foster, Garneit, Gilman,
Gregg. Groe>beck, Grover, Grow, Robert 13. Hall, Harlan,
Ha'-lun, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hoaid, Hopkins, Ilorton,
Howard, Hughes. Jevvett, O.ven Jones, Kelsry, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lamai, Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
McKibbin, McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Miles, Millson,
Moore, Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, Mott. Mm ray, Nichols,
Palmer. Parkei, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Powell, Ready, Ricaud, Roberts, Ruffin, Scott, Sear-
ing, Judson W. Sheiman, Singleton, William Smith, Spin-
ner, StaHworth, Stanton, J.imes A. Stewart, Tnppan,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wa-hbtiin,
Israel Wa-hbutn, Watkms, White, Augustus R. Wugbt,
and John V. Wnght—1U7.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on i
the table. I
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of j
the United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri- '
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had ;
approved and signed bills of the following titles: ;
An act making1 appropriations for the payment j
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860;
An act making appiopnations for the consular ;
and diplomatic expenses of Government for the ;
year ending June 31), 1860; j
An act making appropriations for the support ,
of tlie Army for the year ending June 30, 1860;
and
An act to provide for the care and preservation
of the works constructed by the United States for
bringing the Potomac water into the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, for the supply of
said water for all governmental purposes, and for ;
the uses and benefit of the inhabitants of the said i
cities. t
ENROLLED BILLS. j
Mr. DAVIDSON, fiom the Committee on En- ■
rolied Bills, repoi ted that they had examined and I
found truly enrolled an act (H. Ft. No. 712) j
making appropriations for the naval servicc for j
the year ending the 30th June, 1860; when the j
Speaker signed the same. j
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled !
Bills, reported that the committee had examined |
and found truly enrolled the following bills; when :
the Speaker signed the same: i
An act to provide for the final settlement of the !
land claims of the persons claiming as heirs or '
under Jehu Underwood, as purchasers or other- j
wise, to certain lands in Florida, and to confirm i
the title to the proper owner or owners; ;
An act to carry into effect the convention be- 1
tween the United States and China, concluded 8th |
November, 185i>, at Shanghae; j
An act for the relief of j. A. Glanding; and
An act for the relief of Edward Ingeisoll.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL—AGAIN.
The question recurred on Mr. Miixs*s reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. 11ELSEY. I wish to offer an amendment
for the disposal of the desks. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina allow my amendment to be
reported ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho previous
question has been seconded; and the amendment
cannot be repotted, except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish, by unan-
imous consent, to make another proposition.
That is, to direct the superintendent to have the
old Hall fitted up without seats, and make the
experiment there.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Barksdale, Barr, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss. Bocock, Bonham. Boyce, Brayton, Bmiin-
game, Burnett, Burns, Case, Ca&kie, Cavanaugh. Chap-
man, Hoiace F. Clark, Clawson, John Cochrane, Conuns,
Corning, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis  of
Mississippi, Dean, Edmundson, Etmis, Faulkner, Frnton,
Fioiencc, Foster, Garnett, Gihnan, Goodwin, Giegg, Groes-
beck, Grover, Glow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Haslan, Hutch, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Jen-
kins, Jewetu Owen Jones, Keim, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kun-
kel, John C. Kunkel, Lamai. Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
MeKibbm, MelUe, Humphrey Marxian, Samuel s. Mai-
shall, Miles, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Edward Joy Moms,
Mott, Mm ray, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
Peyton, William W. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Powell. Ready,
Ricaud, Robert?, Ruffin, John Sherman. Judson W. Sher-
man, Singleton, William Smith, Spinner, Siallworth, Stan-
ton, James A. Stewart, William Stewait, Tappan, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Underwood, Val-
landtuham, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Lraul Wa&hburn,
Watkins, and Au«umus It. Wright—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Atkiu-, Bennett, Bishop, Bowie,
Branch, l$i>an, Bufliuton, Ch.tfVee, John B. Clark, Clay,
Cobb, Colfax:, Covnde, Jinnee Ciaig, Crawford. Davis "of
Iowa, Dawes, Dowdell, Enghi-h, Farnsworth, Foley, Gar-
trell,Gilmer, Gooch.Gianget,Gi eon wood, Harris. Hawkins,
Hodges, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Georjre W.
Jones, Kellogg, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy, M.tclav, McQueen,
Mason, Maynaid, Monigomery, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman II Morse, Niblack, Pettit, John S Phelps, Rob-
bins, Ilu-cll, Sandulge, Savage, Scales, II"my M. Shaw,
lloyce. Shorter, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Steven-
son, 7'ompkms, Vance, Wade, Waldron, Ward, Elhhu B.
Washbuine, Winteley, Wm.-lmv, Wood, Woodson, John
V. Wright, and Zolhrofler—73.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MILES moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Clerk bo directed to have the old
Hall of the House fitted up, without either desks or chairs,
for the convenience of the next Hous-c of Representatives;
and that he convene the next House therein, having the
present Hall fitted up and lurmsiied as it now is.
I think that that resolution relates to the priv-
ileges of the House, and takes precedence of every
other question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that that is not a matter of privilege.
VOTE OF THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. NICHOLS. I offer the following resolu-
tion; and I wish every member to hear and un-
derstand it:
Resolved, Thai the thanks of this House are due. and nre
hereby picoented, to the Hon. James Ij. Our, for the able,
impaitial, and dignified manner in which he has discharged
the duties of Speaker duiing the present Congress.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. POTTER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would say that this is the
identical language of the resolution offered in the
case of Mr. Banks, at last Congress.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Ahl, Atkins, Aveiy. Barksdale.
Barr, Bi-hop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie. Boyce, Bianeh,
Biyan, Burnett, Bums Ca^kic, Ezra Claik, Horace F.
Clark. Cobb, John Cochrane, Coining Cornina, James
Craig. Ciawfoid, Curtis, Davi^ of Maryland, Davi- ol Mis-
sissippi, Devvart, Dmimiek. DowriHL Ouriee, F>,iie, E'l
iruiiuhon, Elliott, Engh-h, Eiwis, FaulSncr, Fion-rce. Fo
lev, Fouer. G.nnen, Gaitrell. Gulis. Gilmer, Granser,
Greenwood.Gregg, Gtoe-beck,Grover. Lawrence W. Hall,
Robert B. Il.dl, Harris, Hatch, Hill. Hoaid, Hodge-*, Hop-
kin^, Horton, Houston, Hughes, Huvler, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Keim, John C. Kunkel, Lamat*,
Landy, Leidy, Leiter,Letcher, MacUv, McQueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason, Mawiard, Miles, Montgomery,
Moore,Niblack,NichoKPendleton,Pevton, John S X'holps,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pottle, Po\v«dl, Ready, Rea-
gan, Redly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Kuffin, IUisscll, San-
didge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Scaring, Shorter, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, Stailworth, Stevenson, Talbot. Thayer,
Underwood, Vance, Ward, Watkins, White, WlnteJev,
Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Bennett.Blair, Brayton,Buffinton,Chaf-
fee, Cragin, Davis of Iowa, Davvos, Dean, Fenton, Gdman,
Goocb, Goodwin, Giow, Ivilgoic. Leach, Lovtjoy, McRae,
Morgan, Edward Joy Moruy, Murray, Olin, Potter, Pur-
viance, William Smithy William Stewart, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, CadwaladerC. Washburn,and Ellihu
B. Washburne—32.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. PURVIANCE said: I rise to a question
of order. How does this question get before the
House without a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
say, in the first place, that it is entirely too late to
raise an objection, the yeas and nays being in the
course of being taken. The Chair would say, in
the second place, that this has always been held
to be a question of privilege.
Mr. KILGORE, on his name being called, said:
I wish to state the reason why I cannot vote for
this resolution.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN, on his name being called,
said: I want to give the reason why I do not vote
at all.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I merely wish to say that
I do not consider that any Speaker can be impar-
tial; and, if that word were stricken out of the
resolution, I would vote for it. [Loud cries of
" Order!"]
Mr. HALL, of Ohio, stated that his colleague,
Mr. Cox, was absent on account of indisposition;
and that his colleagues, Messrs. Lawrence, Mil-
ler, and Cockerill, had paired off, and left for
home.
Mr. BONHAM. I was called to the Senate
Chamber by a matter of some consequence; and,
as the Speaker is my colleague, I ask leave of the
House to vote.
Mr. McRAE. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the practice
has always been, on these complimentary resolu-
tions, to permit gentlemen to vote.
Mr. BONHAM. I hope the House will give
me the privilege.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope so.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I trust there will
be no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. McRAE. I object.
Mr. BONHAM. I move that the rules be sus-
pended to allow me to vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not in order while a vote is being taken.
Mr. LETCHER. I suggest that all members
who were absent when their names were called,
be allowed to vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I object.
Mr. BONHAM. I hope my colleague on the
Military Committee will allow me to vote. I went
out on business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the gentleman from South Carolina voting ?
Mr. McRAE. When a gentleman asked leave
to give a reason for his vote on this question, he
was not permitted to do so.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object to
debate.
Mr. McRAE. I object to the gentleman voting.
Mr. BONHAM. I beg leave to say that I would
have voted checrfully for the resolution.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that, if he had been in
the Hnll when his name was called, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above.
;! MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
! A message was received from the President,
■ through J. 15. IIen*ry, his Private Secretary, no-
. tifym^ the House that he had approved and signed
the naval appropriation bill, and the bill making
an appropriation for defraying the expenses of
investigating committees of the House of Repre-
|! sentatives.
■ ! PAY OF DECEASED MEMBERS.
i Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
■ : mous consent of the House that the Committee
■ j on Mileage have leave to report a Joint resolution
amendatory of the act entitled " An act to regu-
;! late the compensation of members of Congress,5'
| approved August 15, 1856, so far as relates to
i such members as shall die during their terra of
j service.
: I will state to the House that the resolution
jj was introduced by the gentleman from Indiana,
iJ [Mr. Niblack,] and was referred to the Commit-
