1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 3,
tpe.-on Mileage. That committee have unani-
mously agreed to report it to the House, and
recommend its passage. It came into my hands
because J was fortunate enough to get. the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the res-
olution. It proposes to extend still further the
compensation bill of the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. MOKRIS, of Illinois. No, sir; it does
not extend the compensation bill. It provides
that where money is due to a member of Con-
gress at the time of his death, it shall be paid to
his widow or representative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that,
under the law, no money is due to a member until
he takes his seat.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist on the enforcement
of the rules.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion, and tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Jones of Tennessee, were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported-
ayes 33, noes 87.
So, one fifth of those present voting in the af-
firmative, the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, i.air, Ben-
nett, Bingham, IJisbop, Blair, lilts*, Bowie, Biancli, Iimy-
ton, Bryan, Hurlingamc, Hums, Case, Iliirnoo F. Clark,
John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clark li. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Colla\, Comma, Coiiiuil', Covode, Cm lis, Da
vis, of Maryland, Davjs of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Diirti'c, Rustic, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Foley, Foster, (Jiilis, Uilmer, Goodwill,
Granger, (Jiecnwood, Gregg, Grovcr, Grow, Robot [i.
JIall, Harris, llasluu, Ilateli, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Hodges, [lotton, llowaid, ilu'jlms, Iluvlei, Kcim,
Kellogg, Kclscy, Kilsore, lCnapp, John C. Kunkel, Lundv,
Lcidy, Letter, Lovejoy, Mi:Kibbm, McKao, Samuel c?. Mar-
shall, Matteson, Montgomery, Mor an, Morull, l«aac iV.
Morns, Freeman 11. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Nib-
lack, Olin, Parker, l'ottu, Peyton, William \V. I'hclps,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviancc, Rioaud, Ritelne, Robbms,
Roberts, Royce, linssell, Scott, John Hhemian, Shorter,
Robert Smilli, btanton, James A. Stewart, William Stew-
art, Tnppnii, Geoige'Pay loi, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Vance, Wade, Walbridjte, Ward, Cadwaladei VVash
burn, Ellihu B. Washbuinc, Wluteley, and Woodson —117.
NAY'S—Me&sis. Atkins, Baiksilale, Boeoek, Bonham,
lioyee, Butlinton, Hurnutt,Caskic, Hssr.i('lark, Cobb, Craw-
ford, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Udnuimlsou, lOlhoit,
English, Flotenee, (iartrcll, Hopkins, llou-ion, Jaelcon,
Jewett, George W. Jones, I.etf'hei, iMaelay, AlcUueon,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Af.iyii.irtl, AlilNon, Moore,
Mott, John S. Phelps, Heady, Hnllhi, jsandidiie, Savage,
Scales, Ilenry JVt. Shaw, ,Singleton. Samuel A. Smith,
Stalhvorlll, Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Tayloi, Uudciwood,
"Vallandlshani, Watkins, White, Wtnslow, Wortendyke,
John V. Wrijjht, and Zolheofler—Oil.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
During the call of the roll, a message was re-
curved from the Senate, by Mr. Asbory Dickins,
their Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate had passed the bill of the House making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1S()0,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House. Aliso, that
the Senate rcturned to the House the Post Office
appropriation bill,and their amendments thereto,
with a resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
amendments of the Senate to the civil or miscel-
laneous appropriation bill bo referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I should like to
have the amendments reported before they are
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means;
because if the Senate have undertaken to attach
a revenue bill to oar bill, I shall object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Of course, the
amendments can only be referred by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does (lie gentle-
man from Ohio object.1
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do.
PAY OP DECEASED MEMBERS AGAIN.
The rules having been susoenrled,
Mr. SMITH, of 111 inois, from the Committee
on Mileage, reported back without amendment a
joint resolution amendatory of the act, entitled,
t! An act to regulate the compensation of members
of Congress," approved August 16,1856, so far
as relates to such members as shall die during their
term of service.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
hereafter, whenever any person elected as a mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives
shall die, after the commencement of the Congress
to which he shall have been so elected, compen-
sation shall be computed and paid to his widow;
or, if no widow survive him, to his heirs-at-law,
from the period which shall have elapsed from
the commencement of such Congress to the time
of his death, at the rate of §3,000; provided, how-
ever, that the compensation shall be computed
and paid in all cases for a period of not less than
three months; and that, in no case, shall construct-
ive mileage be computed. The resolution further
provides that the compensation of each person
elected or appointed afterwards, to supply the va-
cancies so occasioned, shall hereafter be computed
and paid from the time the compensation of his
predecessor is hereby directed to be computed and
paid, and not otherwise. The resolution also pro-
vides that its provisions shall apply to the wid-
ows or heirs of members of the present Congress
who may have died since the commencement of
the Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I will state to the
House that this resolution was introduced last
session, by the honorable gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Niblack,] then a memberof the Com-
mittee on Mileage. The committee unanimously
authorized him to report the joint resolution, with
a recommendation that it do pass. He made an
effort, on all occasions, to report it back, but
found no opportunity, as the committee was not
called. This session it was recommitted to the
Committee on Mileage, and I carried it for two
months trying to report it to this House. I have,
for three days, been striving to get the floor to
report it. My colleague was more fortunate, and
obtained a suspension of the rules. This is but
a simple act of justice to the families of deceased
members, and of the Senate. I call the previous
question on the engrossment of the resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man answer me a question about this resolution ?
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I will hear it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not this res-
olution propose, and is it not brought in here for
the purpose 
Mr. ADRA1N. I object to debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I will not yield the
floor further. I insist on the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me to offer a substitute for the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. If I yield for one, I
must yield for twenty, aaid I must decline to do
it.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to Iny the
joint resolution on the table; and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nayy.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Vallandujii\m were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 100.
So the yeas and nays were ordered—one fifth
voting m favor thereof.
The question was taken, and it was decidcd in
| the negative—yeas 53, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Mot-sis. Atkins, Bishop, Boeoek, Boyee, Branch,
IUillmton, Burnett, Caskie, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning,
Davis oi' Maiyland, D.tvuj ot Mississippi, Dean, Doitd,
DowilolL ISdirmnUson, Elliott, Kustt^, Garnott, Gartroll,
Groobeck, IJill, Houston, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen,
Uiunphiey Marshal), Mason, Maynard, Miles, MilUon,
Mott, Nichols, Pendleton, John ('helps, lluffiii, Russell,
Scales, Henry M. ^hd\v, Singleton, Htalhvorfh, Stevenson,
Talfcot. Mile* Taylor, Vuifamhzham, Vance, Watkins,
White, John V, Wright,and Zoliicnfter—53.
NAYS—Mes«ts. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Barksdale,
Barr, Bennett, Jhnghum. Blair, IJhs.s. I5.o\vie, Bryan, Bur-
hngame, Burns, Ca=se, Cavanaujjh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Horace T. Cluik, John 13. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clatk B.
Cochrane, CoKav, Cmmns, Covode, Ciagm, Jnmca Craig,
Crawfotd, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of iowa, Ihmmick, Durfec, Edie, English,
Feiuon, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gilhs, Oilman, Gilmer,
Goneh, Granger, Greenwood, Giegg, Grover, Grow, Robcit
B. Ilall, liaskin, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Hop-
kins Ilorion, Howard, Huyler, Owen Jones, Keim, Knapp,
Lciuy, Leiter. I<ov?)oy,McKibbm, MeRae, Samuel S. Mar-
shall. Mafteson, Montgomery, Moigau,Mornli, Edward Joy
Morns, IVaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A.
Mor.-^.', Mm ray, Niblack. Olm, Parker, Povton, Wtlhani \V.
1'iiHpe, rouci, Pottle, Keillv, Rieaud, Ritchie, Robbing
Roberts, Royce, Scott, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Robert Smith, Stanton. James A. Stewart, W-ilham
Stewart, Tappan, George Tavlor, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Walhndge, Ward, Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wood, and
Woodson—109.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to accept a substitute for the second provis-
ion of the resolution.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Oh,no; that would
take the cream—the money—out of it.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. The friends of the
resolution insist that the resolution shall be now
acted on. If there be any error, it can be cor-
rected in the Senate.
Mr. BURNETT. It ought to be corrected
now, and here.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the en-
grossed resolution be read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Only a part of
the resolution has been engrossed.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask for the reading of the
engrossed resolution.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
House will go to the consideration of the public
business. I ask that a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States be read.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. The gentleman can-
not take the floor from me for that purpose. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of or-
der. The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time. The gentleman from Mis-
souri was recognized; and can the gentleman from
Illinois take the floor from him ? I thought this
resolution had been passed over.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Missouri was recognized by the Chair, but
after he took the floor the gentleman from Illinois
submitted a privileged question, which took pre-
cedence of his motion to take up the President's
message. The gentleman from Illinois submit-
ted the privileged motion to reconsider.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I thought the
floor had been awarded to me.
Mr. BURNETT. My recollection is that the
gentleman from Illinois did not move to recon-
sider, until after the floorhad been assigned to the
gentleman from Missouri. Therefore, at most,
the motion can only be entered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the gentle-
man from Missouri did not submit a privileged
motion, and the gentleman from Illinois did, the
latter of course takes the precedence. If the gen-
tleman from Missouri had submitted a privileged
question, the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois would not take precedence.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Illinois
undoubtedly had a right to submit his motion; but
has he a right to take the floor from the gentle-
man from Missouri to have it considered?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not for anything
else but a privileged motion. After that privileged
motion is exhausted, the floor will revert to the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BARR. What is the question before the
House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of or-
der laised by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BARR. Well, let it be decided.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tha Chair over-
rules the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table; and on that I call
for tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at forty minutes
past nine o'clock, p. m.) I move the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. This difficulty can be ob-
viated if the friends of the resolution will allow an
amendment, so that there may be no ambiguity
about it. If they do that, I will vote for it; but I
; am not willing to vote for a resolution that, in my
judgment, would give double pay.
Mr. BARR. I object to debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I object to debate,
