1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
iMr. NICHOLS. I rise to a question of order.
The committee have passed beyond the point
where an amendment can be received to that par-
agraph.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Delegate
from Washington sought the floor before the com-
mittee passed the point. I hope he will be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. NICHOLS. I insist on the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no discre-
tion upon the point of order. The amendment
of the gentleman from Washington is not in or-
der.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would like to accommodate
the gentleman from Washington; but the gentle-
men on the other side of the House, who are re-
sponsible for the bill, have been debating it now
for about a week, and 1 decline to withdraw the
point of order. They must settle their little fam-
ily difficulties among themselves.
Mr. DOWDELL. I move to strike out the
last paragraph of the bill; as follows:
<c To enable the Fi evident ofthc United States to cairy into
effect the act ofOongtess of 3d March, 1819. and subsequent
acts now in force, for the suppiession of the Mave tiade,
§75,0(JU : Provided, That so much of said appiopiiation a?
ma) be required to pav expenses already inclined, may be
used ftom and aftei the pass-age of this act."
Mr. Chairman, this section should be stricken
from the bill. Even if right, it is not m us proper
place. The bill proposes to provide for the esti^
mated wants of the service for the nextfiscal year.
The money here proposed to be expended is in-
tended for the present year; for debts already
incurred. But, sir, the appropriation is not right
in itself, because for a large portion there is no
law to authorize the expenditure. It is recom-
mended by the President, in virtue of the second
section of the act of 3d March, 1810, which is m
these words:
he it further cnactcd, That the President of the
United Slates be, and he i« hereby, authorized to make Mich
regulations and ariangemeuts as he may deem expedient for
the safe-keeping, Mipp'irt, and lemoval bejondthe lining of
the United States, of all such negroes, mulattos, or poi-
sons of color, as maybe so delivered and brought within
their jun^diction, and to appoint a proper peiM>n or poi-
sons residing upon the coast of Africa a* a<rcnt or agents
for receiving thenesrtoes, mulattoes, or person* of color, do-
Iiveied ftom on boaid vessels, seized m the pi execution of
the slave ti ade, commandeis of the United States aimed
vessels."
Notwithstanding " a doubt immediately arose
as to the true construction of the act" in the Pres-
ident's mind, nevertheless, following the bad pre-
cedents on the subject, he entered into a contract
with the Colonization Society, by which he en-
gaged to pay the sum of $150 a head Tor the sup-
port, education, and instruction in the arts of
civilized life, during the period of twelve months,
of the captured Africans delivered in Liberia.
The letter of the Secretary of State, addressed
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, explains in detail how the sum asked for
is to be applied. To meet the bounty of twenty-
five dollars per head to the officers making cap-
ture, the sum of $7,850 will be required; and 6,150
per head, as above stated, to the Colonization
Society,amounting, for two hundred and fourteen
captives, to $32,100, and for expenses of trial and
support until delivered in Africa, the remainder
of $35,050. Thus is to be expended the sum of
$75,000, all to fall due during the present fiscal
year, yet, as it now stands in the bill, appropri-
ated for the year18G0.
Now, sir, I ask this committee to look at the
law, and point out to me a single line, word, syl-
lable, or letter, that anthori7.es the payment of the
$32,100 to the Colonization Society? Every cent
of this amount is to be expended after the negroes
shall have been delivered to the agent on the coast
of Africa, for which there is admitted to be no
provision m the act. To justify the course pur-
sued, the President relies upon a construction
given to the act by Mr. Monroe, who, himself, it
appeals, had doubts on the subject, which he rec-
ommended Congress to relieve by amendment.
But Congress neglecting or refusing to amend, the
power was assumed, and the illegal precedent was
established.
I must protest against such assumption of power
as exceedingly dangerous. Why, sir, suppose that
the President should recommend that power be
given to take forcible possession of Cuba, and Con-
gress should neglect or refuse to do anything: shall
he therefore presume acquiescence in the recom-
.mendation, and proceed with the Army and Navy
to execute his purpose ? He would certainly have
as much authority in the one case as in the other.
Which ought he to follow, the law or the exec-
utive precedent? The law empowers him to ap-
point agents to receive the negroes delivered—
nothing further. And yet we find a contract
made, and we are called upon for the money, to
support, clothe, educate, and Christianize two
hundred andfourteen Africans fortwelvemonths,
in Liberia; provisions, clothing, school-books,
andcatechisms, must be provided; doctors, school-
masters, and ministers, engaged for the service.
It looks very benevolent; but where is the author-
ity in the Constitution, or law, for it? I believe as
strongly as any man in Christianizing the heathen,
and wish all Christian missions God-speed, but
hardly think the Federal Government should be
convened into a missionary society. And fur-
ther, sir, without the power to educate children
in our own country, here it is proposed to take
money out of the Treasury to educate black chil-
dren ma foreign land This is the contract. Shall
we ratify it? And if for twelve months, why
not for twelve or twenty years? The principle
is the same. Sir, such a dangerous precedent,
based upon such a btoad construction of a law,
should be immediately abandoned.
Now, sir, in order to show to what excesses
this principle may be carried, and the danger of
departing from the expressed provisions of law,
I am by no means left to idle conjectures. What
has been done under a similar construction may
again be enacted; although, in the present in-
stance, it is due to the President to say that he
has wisely endeavored to guard and restrict the ex-
penditure. When Mr. Monroe appointed agents
to receive the iirst captured Africans sent back to
the coast of Africa under this law, instructions
were issued to them not to connect, with the plans
of the Colonization Society. Yet, I afterwards
find that such instructions were not regarded,
and the appropriations were used mainly to fos-
ter and cherish that society. Under the Iatifudm-
ous construction given to the law, preparations,
on a grand and magmficont scale, were made for
the reception of the liberated Africans in Liberia.
Ships were called into requisition to carry out,
not the captured Africans, but a colony of one
hundred and sixty-three men, women, and chil-
dren, free negroes, as carpenters, laborers, cooks,
nurses, seamstresses, and washerwomen, with
ample provisions, clothing, and all the imple-
ments of husbandry, stores, cannon, muskets,
powder, and hall, and munitions of war, to sup-
port, and receive, and provide for tm captured
Africans, to be forwarded two years afterwards,
who, shortly after landing, found their way to
theirongmal homes. Four were earned,in 1820,
along with the free negroes; and there is no ac-
count given of them. So this vast agency, at
enormous expense to the United States Govern-
ment m the year of 16:23, is left without a single
ward to support and educate.
Put the humane agents were unflagging in their
7cal and efforts, to provide comfortable quarters,
and keep them in readiness to receive such liber-
ated Africans as might be m the future sent out
by the Government to their care and guardian-
ship. And the Government was not behind the
agents m zeal; for we find that m 1824 additional
supplies and large quantities of provisions were
forwarded to the coast of Africa, to support the
carpenters, laboreis, nurses, washerwomen, and
scamsUesscs, who were so humanely awaiting
and anxiously expecting the Africans to be there-
after recaptured and sent to them. And in the
year 1825, to further provide for their necessities,
and to anticipate the wants of such as might be
recaptured, materials for houses ware shipped
from the United States, and houses built for offi-
cers, agents, Africans, school-houses to educate
the children, and a chapel to Christianize adults;
ships purchased, granaries erected to receive sup-
plies and stores. A stone pier was likewise built
at the landing. We find also that an eye was di-
rected to the contingency of native wars: and the
more effectually to guard against invasion from
the barbarous tribes around them, whilst support-
ing, educating, and Christianizing the black ben-
eficiaries, fifteen pieces of cannon and three swiv-
els were forwarded, and fortifications erected, and
a regular guard enlisted for the service. Previously
to this, there were on the ration list two hundred
persons, but then reduced to sixty-eight. To meet
their wants in sickness, a wise and humanefore-
cast had provided " ten dozen of porter, and ten
gallons of Madeira wine." Did ever orphans be*
fore have §uch provident guardians? About this
time instructions wefe given to the agent to em-
ploy the colonists " in labor #and defense."
Let it not be forgotten that all these monstrous
charges were at the expense of the United States
Treasury, and incurred to carry out the second
section of the act above quoted, in receiving fif-
teen liberated Africans—all that were on hand at
this time. It turned out afterwards that these
warlike preparations for defense were not in vain;
for it appears that in the following year the em-
ployed colonists engaged in the native wars,
and during the conflict, succeeded in recapturing
one hundred and seventy Africans, which they
kindly carried to the agency to support, educate,
and Christianize, at the public expense, for the
reason, I suppose, in the delay of the United
States vessels to recapture on tire seas, and send
in liberated Africans, they needed employment for
their school-masters and ministers who were com-
paratively without* wards to educate and Chris-
tianize; likewise some one to consume the large
quantities of provisions on hand. To do no in-
justice to the Government, I will state here that,
in the year 1827, instructions were given to the
agents to stop proceedings in reference to native
wars and native captives. It was enough for the
Government, without authority of law, to pay
the salaries of its agents and officers, to provide
munitions of war, and furnish provisions to ena-
ble the colonists to support, educate, and Chris-
tianize its own cestui que trusts, liberated by its
officers on the high seas, without carrying its be-
nevolence into the wilds of Africa. But let -'tis
proceed with the facts. In the year 1827, there
were in the colonies no recaptured Africans. The
agent, however, with prudent foiccast, to provide
for the comforts of such as might,"in the course
of time, be recaptured by our vigilant police on
the seas, and sent to him, was employed this year
in building a new town. And the carpenters and
laborers were paid fo,r their services in goods out
of the public stores. Sure enough, two or three
years thereafter ninety-one recaptured Africans
were shipped to his care. But m the mean time
the employes had consumed all tho provisions
which had been sent out by'tlre Government.
This, however, was no calamity, for he immedi-
ately purchased such goods as were needed, sim-
ilar to those previously sent out by the Govern-
ment, supposing, of course, that the accounts
would be allowed at-the Treasury. He calculated
well; for although the Auditor, in his report to
the Secretary, disapproved of the transaction, he
nevertheless recommended payment in pursuance
of a bad precedent. Cut new instructions were
given of a more stringent character for the future.
Thus we see into what extravagance our Gov-
ernment was led, by departing from the plain
provisions of the law in the first instance. After
all these grand, magnificent, and continued ap-
propriations and preparations year after-year,
there were recaptured and sent back to Africa,
up to the year 1830, only two hundred and sixty
persons, at a cost to the Government of the round
sum of §>264,700, being more than one thousand
dollars per head. The actual expense to the Gov-
ernment, the accurate amount of which we have
no means of ascertaining, was much greater than
these figures indicate. Our vessels of war were
often m the waters near the coast, and aided in
protecting the colony, besides the expenses in-
curred in carrying out the provisions of the treaty
of Washington, which required us to keep, in that
inhospitable climate, a squadron carrying eighty
guns, in order to suppress the slave trade.
Now, sir, am I not justified m demanding a
strict adherence to the law, when 1 see that in
former times, by a broad construction, it has been
made the basis of such enormous and unwarrant-
able expenditures? When I see that, under a
simple direction to appoint agents residing on the
coast of Africa, to receive the recaptured Africans,
large amounts of money have been appropriated
out of the Treasury to provision and piotect a
foreign colony, I shall certainly object to another
step in the same direction. The Colonization
Society, which has, as I have shown, been the
recipient of so many favors from the Govern-
ment, ought to have been able, after thirty-eight
