1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
Third amendment:
For tianspoitationoftlie mails across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama, from July 1st to September 30,1859, $25,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is only for
three months, when the contract expires.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
For transportation of the mails from New Orleans, via Te-
huantepec, to Ventosa, and back, from the 1st November,
1&>Sj to the 30th September, 18o9, $229,166 66.
Mr. HASKIN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLARK, of Kew York. Can I not obtain
the information whether this sum is payable in
postages or in cash ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The contract is
one which was made prior to the passage of the
act of the last session of Congress.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays G3, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Bonham,
Bowie, Boj-ce, Branch, Burns, Caskie, Cavauaugh, John
Cooluarie, Comma, Coining, Crawtbrd, Curtis, Davis ef
Mar> land, Davm ol' Indiana, Davmof Mississippi, Dewart,
Dimmick, Dowdeil, Elliott, English, Eu*tis, Faulkner,
Floience, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis, Gilmer, Gooch,
Greenwood, Gregg, Groe&bcck, Crovcr, Lawrcncc W. Hall,
Hatch, Haw kins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, HuyJcr,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Owen Jones, Kemi, Lamar,
Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, McQueen,
Mcllae, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Maishall, May-
naid. Miles, Mill.son,Montgomety, Moore, Morrill,Edward
Joy Morris. Nibiack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Powell, Itcilly, Ilicaiul, Ituffin, Rus-
sell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seating, Henry M.
Shaw, Shoitei, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Stallworth, fctcvcn^on, James A. Stewatt, Miles Taylor,
Underwood. Vance, Walbridge, Ward, Isiael Washburn,
Watkme, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, and John V. Wright—102.
NAYS — Messt-rs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bishop,
Blair, Buffinton, Burlingame, Case, Chaffee. E/.ra Claik,
Hoiace F. Claik, Cobb, Col fax, James Craig, Dawes, Dean,
Dodd, Durfec, Edie, Famsworth, Fen ton, Granger. Grow,
Itobeit B. Hall, Uaskm, Hickman, Hoard, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John 0. Kunkel, Leitcr, Lovejoy, Matteson, Mor-
gan, Fieeman H. Moisc, Oliver A. Mon-e, Murray, Paiker,
Pettit, Potter, Pottle, Bobbins, Roberts, John Sherman,
Jndsoti W. Sherman, Spinner. Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa&hburne, and
Wood—G3.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled,
An act for the relief of Mary B. Dusenbury;
An act for the relief of James Collier; and
A joint resolution amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An act to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress," approved August 16,
1856, so far as it relates to such members as shall
die during their term of service; when the Speaker
signed the same.
YANCTON AND TONAWANBA INDIANS.
The next amendment of the Senate was read, j
as follows: j
Sec. 2. Jlnd Ic it further enacted. Thai the Postmaster j
General be, and ho is hoit-by, authonyed and lequued to ;
adv<jiti«e for proposals, and contract with the lowe-tie- j
sponsible bidder or biddeis, for the transportation of the |
United States mails, in sfannhipd, from Charb>tun. South j
Caiohna. by Savannah, Georgia, and Key West, Flonda, j
to Havana, i n Cuba, and back, twice a month, oi oitener, ;
trom the 1st of July, 1859, to the 30th of June, 1863, mciu- |
tave, at a ?um not to exceed $50,000, j
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I would intjuiie
whether the money is payable in postages or in !
cash? i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment !
of the Senate proposes to change the existing !
law. |
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It repeals the act I
of last session as to this route, and leaves it in !
foice as to northern routes, is that it? 1
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, it repeals it to j
the extent mentioned here. If the gentleman de- ;
sires my opinion as to this amendment, 1 am
ready to give it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. There ought to
be the same law for the North and the South.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am willing to
give my opinion of it. I should recommend the
House to reject the amendment.
Mr. MILES. It is very true, as the gentleman
from New York suggests, that this amendment
does discriminate in favor of this route; and I de-
sire to make a very few remaiks, showing why I
think it is fair and just and reasonable that such
a discrimination should be made. This route is
the only one by which, I may say, the States of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and,
to a certain extent, Virginia, obtain direct com-
munication by steamships with Key West, Mo-
bile, New Orleans, down to the Gulf. By means
of this communication we can, from Key West,
receive information in ail parts of the country
from Cuba three times a day. 1 mention this as
an incidental advantage, because I know that,
with many gentlemen upon this floor, facility of
communication with Cuba, especially in the pres-
ent peculiar political aspect of that island, would
be regarded as of great consequence. Now, this
is the most direct communication we have with
the Island of Cuba. From Key West we can
have communication with that island in seven or
eight hours.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would suggest
to the gentleman from South Carolina, that dis-
cussion is not in order, as the previous question
has been ordered.
Mr. MILES. Well, I will say nothing more.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to say
that I am not opposed to this route, but I want
the New York routes to stand upon the same
footing.
Mr, CARNETT. The House has heard one
side of the question. It is but fair that the other
side should be heard.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to further dis-
cussion.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was non-
con-curred in; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. COMINS. There is, upon the Speaker's
table, the light-house bill, which passed this House
last session, but failed in the Senate for want of
time. It has been returned here with a few
amendments of some importance. 1 ask that it
may be taken up, and considered at this tune.
Mr. MedUEEN. I object.
Mr. COMINS. I move a suspension of the
rules.v
The rules were suspended, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were taken up.
Mr. COMINS moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oidered.
The amendments of the Senate were read and
concurred in, as follows:
First amendment:
Page ], after line two, insert follows :
That the iippropnaiion heretolbie made for the light-houce
at Point Lohos be. and the :-ame is heteby,reappiopitated-
Provided, The United States has a penect title to theute ot
&aul light-house.
Second amendment:
Pace 7, section three, strike out all after the enacting
clause to the end of the section, on page S, and insert m lieu
theieot as loliows :
That the Secietmy of the Treasury, on the recommend-
ation of the Light-House Board, be, and lie heteb} js, au-
thoi ized. m Jus discretion, to discontinue. Irom time to tinif,
feuch lights as may become useless by reason ot the muta-
tions oi eonimeice, and the changes ol channels ol har-
bors-, and other causes.
Third amendment:
At the end of the bill, add the following:
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That so much of the
act approved August IS, iPofi, a« authorized the Secretary
of the Tieasurv to discontinue the light at Port Clinton, m
Portage bay. Ohio, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. COMINS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were severally agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to leconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate resolution (No. 88) in re-
lation to the second section of the act of Congress,
entitled " An act to provide for the location of
certain confirmed private land claims in the State
of Missouri, and for other purposes."
I will Bay to the House that it is for the pur-
pose of enabling some five hundred heads of fam-
ilies to obtain protection against the operations of
an act which passed this House, in consequence
of its title not expressing its character.
There was no objection.
The resolution was read a first and second time.
It was then ordered to be read a third time, and
it was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE-
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbtjry Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed bills of
the House of the following titles:
An act (No, 441) for the relief of the assignees
of Hugh Glenn; and
An act (No. 891) for the relief of William M.
Harrison.
Also, that it asked for a committee of confer-
ence on the Post Office appropriation bill.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix duties upon imports, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I object.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I move a
suspension of the rules for the purpose I have in-
dicated.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask that the
bill be read.
Mr. PONHAM. I object.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 101, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Bing-
ham, Bhs^, Bowie, Brayton, Bulfinton, Burhngame, Case,
ChatFee, Chapman, Ezia Claik, Hoiuee F. Clark, Colfax,
Coimns, Corning. Covode, Curtis, Davis ol Maryland,
D.uis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick. Djin-
line!?. Dodd, lmriee, Edie, Florence,Foster, Giihs, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goodwin, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harris, IIa-:kin,
llateh. Hickman, Hoard, Howard, Iluyier. Owen Jones,
Kenn, Kellogg, Kel-ev, lvitgore, Knapp, John O. Kunkel,
Landy, Leidy, Letter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Ma-
s.«ii, Matteson, Mavnatd, Morgan, Moirill, I-Jdwaid Joy
Morn-, Freeman II" Mor-e, Oliver A. Morse, Murray. Pal-
mei, Parker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Phillip*, 1'ike,
Potter, Pottle. Pmvnmcc, Reilly, Ricaud,Kobhm.-.Holn'it^,
Royce', Unwell, Soaring. John Sherman, Jud-on W. Sher-
man, Stanton, William Stewait, Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Underwood, Vance,Wade, Walbndge,Waldion. Cad-
walader C. Wa^iburn, Eliihn B. Wa-hburno, Israel Wash-
burn, White, Whiteley, Wood, and Wortendvke—101.
NAV3—Messrs. Atkius, Aveiy, Bart, Bocock, Bonham,
Boyce, Branch, Bi.vniu Burnett, Bums, Caekie, CaVd-
naugh, Clay. Cobb. John Cocht ane, James Cram, Button
CraiS'\ Crawlonl, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Mississippi,
Dowdeil. Edmundson. Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner,
Fenton,' Foley, Gained, Gicenwood. Gregg. Gioetbeek,
(iiovei. Lawrence W. Hall. Hawkins. Hill. Hodges, Hop-
kins, Ilotton. Houston, Jackson, Jenkm«, Jewett. Geoige
W. Jones, Lamai. Letcher. Maclav, McKibbm, McCAueen,
Mcllne, Samuel S Mai-ball. Miles. Millsnn, Mooie, Isaac
N. Mom-, Mo?',, Nibiack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S.
Phflps. Reagan, Ratlin, Sandsdae, Savage, Scales, Scott,
llemv M. Shaw. Shorter. Singleton, Robeit Smith. Spin-
ner, StaHwoith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Miles Tay-
lor, Yailmdisrhain, Ward, Wutkins, Winslow, and John
V. Wnght—?i.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Stephens, had paired off with Mr. Claws(w.
Mr. JACKSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Gartrell, had paired off with Mr. Clark B.
•Cochrane.
JOHN L. ALLEN AND ASA. 31. CARTER.
Mr. McRAE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of Sen-
