1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ate bill No. 162, for the relief of John L. Allen
and Asa R.Carter. This is a just bill, and ought
to be passed.
Mr. MARSHALL#, of Illinois. I only wish
to make this remark, that this claim was before
the Committee of Claims, and especially under
my examination. I will not go into a discussion
of it; but, from my examination, I have come
to the conclusion that it ought not to be passed.
There is no foundation for the principal part of
the sum in that bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to debate.
Mr. McltAE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated, ff I
were allowed-to make an explanation, I could sat-
, isfy the House that the bill ought to pass.
The rules were not suspended.
NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate resolution (No. 86) in relation to the compen-
sation of Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress eloctcd from new States.
Objection was made.
Mr. BOYCE. f move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 call for the yeas
and hays.
The yeas and nays were ncft ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had receded from its fifth
amendment to the bill making appropriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yuncton and
Tonawanda Indians, and for other purposes; and
had also passeii several private bills of the House.
Mr. CI1A VVFORD, it is very evident that we
cannot pass any thing but private bills here to-
night; and I therefore move a recess till nine
o'clock to-morrow morning. If there be objec-
tion, I move to suspend the rules.
Thy SPEAKER. There is a motion to sus-
pend the rules already pending.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Here we have, got the
miscellaneous appropriation bill on the Speaker's
table, and cannot £ct a vote to take it up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at twenty minutes
past two o'clock.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. niELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the
gentleman from South Carolina to withdraw his
motion to suspend the rules at this time, that 1
may submit a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of the Senate amendments to the miscella-
neous civil appropiiation bill.
Mr. BOYCE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now submit the
motion to take up the amendments of the Senate
to the miscellaneous civil bill, i am willing to
have them considered either in the House or in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANTON. As f.tr as I am personally
concerned, the only objection I have to taking up
the bill is on account of the amendment to author-
ize the reissue of Trcasut y notes. But as there may
be some controversy about that bcin«* a revenue
measure, I am inclined to let the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means try what he
can do with it.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules to take the bill from the Speaker's
table, and consider it. in the House.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays; and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hoyce and
Chaffee were appointed.
The Houre divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 22, noe3 134.
So the yt as and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DEAN demanded tellers on the motion to
suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQueen
and Hickman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes J15, noes 45.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the Senate amendments to
the Ecuscellaneous bill were taken up.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the previ-
ous question.
Mr. KELSEY. Does that bring us to vote on
the amendments in gross ?
The SPEAKER. No; on each one.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Do I under-
stand that these amendments are to be considered
in the House?
The SPEAKER. That was the proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I did not so
understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chairstated it distinctly,
more than once.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
like to have the yeas and nays on-the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. Upon ordering the main
question ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I call for
tellers on seconding the previous question. I hope
the House will not second it, because I think it
but fair that 1 should have an opportunity to offer
the amendment that I before indicated to the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
to which the gentleman refers, I am informed, is
in the bill already—the provision in relation to
to the decoration of the Capitol. This is the
condition of affairs: if this bill is to pass, we
have no time for discussion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that there is an amendment here embracing
the subject of Treasury notes. It is my amend-
ment to that proposition to which t allude.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kulsky
and Jon\T Cochrane weie appointed.
The [louse divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 92, noes 75.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I would inquire of theSpeaker
what would be the effect of refusing to order tbe
mam question to be put? Would not the subject
go over until the 4th of March ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes so.
The question was taken; and it. was decided in
the ailirmative—yeas 104, nays 75; as follows:
VE• Vlo-siv Arnold, AtLms Avery, R:uJlarr,
nororlc, Bonham, Howie, Bi.inch, Biy.m, Biitnrtr, Bums,
(\*u.kie, Cavauatijjh, John B Clark, Clay, John Cocinane,
Coti'a.\, Ooiiun*,' Coining, J.uik-s Button Craige,
Crawlord, Davis or M.tiyland, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Muhi^ippi, JJowdell, Edmmid^on, Elliott, Enjjlbsh,
Kusti-, l'\uii->\vorili. Faulkner, Foley, Garncit, G.utiellj
Gilmer, G<>o"li, Greenwood, Greg?, Gioesbeelc, Grover,
Lawrence VV. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Ilodges, Hopkins,
Houston, Jackson,Jenkins.Jewett,George W.Jones,Jacob
M. Konke). L.uii.u, Larulv, beiter,Letcher, Maolay,iMcl\ib-
liin. iMeQiieen, Mrltae, Samuel S. Mar.-hall, Ma->o ,Miles,
Million, Moore, Motrin,Nibiack, Nichols, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, John s*. Phelps, William VV. Phelps, Powell. Reagan,
ltoyoe, Rurtin, UihsoII, Sanduls?e, Savage, Scales, Scott,
Searing, Ueiuy M. Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton, Robei t Smith,
Samuel A. Smith.Stalhvu-th. Sicvenson, James A.Stewart,
Geoige Tavlnr, Miles Tayloi, Underwood, Vallaiuhglmm,
Vance, Eihhu R. YVushlmnie, Israel Washburn, WatUnis,
VVlmelev, Window, Woodson, Woriendvkc, and Joint V.
VV 11 <; h c ——101.
NT AYS—.Yfc^r*. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Bennett, Binsham,
Blair, Bh>s, Brayton, Buffi n ton, Bui hngame. Ca.se, Chaffee,
Chapman, K/,ra Claik, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, Covodo,
Davis of Ma^nclMM'US, Davve>, Dcw.ut, Dodd, Duifee,
Edie, Feniott, Floience, Foster. Giilis, Goodwin. Gianirer,
Grow, Kobert 15. Hall, Ha km, Hickman. Hill, Hoard, Hor-
ton, Hnyler, Owen Jones, Keim, Kellogsi, Kelsey, Kiigore,
Knapp, John C. Iitinkel, Leidv, Humplney Marshall, Mnt-
tcsMin, Maynard. Morgan, Edward Joy Moms. Isaac N.
Morn?*, Mott.Minrav,01m, Palmer. Paiker, IVtht, Phillips,
Piku, Pottle, Reilly, Ricami, Bobbins, Robetts, John Sher-
man, Spinnet, Stanton. William Stciva.it,Tappan. Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Cudwalader C.
Wasburn, and Wood —<5.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WARD stated that he had paired ofT with
Mr. Mouse, of New York, on the tariff or Trea-
sury note bills.
Mr. RLAIR (at three o'clock and nine minutes,
a. m.) moved that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAIR called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Colfax, and
Marshall of Kentucky were appointed.
The House divided*, and the tellers reported—
ayes 30, noes 109.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled, a resolution in relation
to the second section of the act of Congress, en-
titled " An act to provide for the location'of cer-
tain confirmed private land claims in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes;" when the
Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed the follow-
ing bills:
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war Ports-
mouth; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House; and that'it had passed
without amendment;
An act (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of John
Perry, of Illinois;
An act (H. R. C. C. No. 84) for the relief of
Ferdinand Coxe; and
An act (H. R. No. 648) for the relief of Gotlieb
Schecrcr, with an amendment; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn;
and being taken, it was decided in the negative—
yeas 21, nays 146; as follows:
' YEAS—-Messrs. Bennett, Binsham, Bishop, Blair, Bur-
hngamc, Horace F. Clark, Covode, Dean, Dewart, Duriee,
Ilasktn, Jeweu, ICelsey, John C. Kunkel, Isaac N. Morris,
Munay, Olm, Potter, Purvianee, William Stewart, and
Tompkins—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Atkm , Aveiy, JJarksdale, Barr, Bliss, Bocock, Bonhatn,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Bntfinton, Bul-
lion, Bums, Case, Caskio, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Clai k,
John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coming
Coming, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawtbul, Curtw,
Davis ot Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dodd, Dowdelt, Edmundson, El-
liott, English, Eustis, Fai as-worth, Faulkner, Fenton, Floi-
enee, Foley, Foste , Camett, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbcck, Grover, Giow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robeir B. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hick-
man, Hill, Iloaid, Hopkins llorton, Houston, Howard,
Hnyler, Jackson. Jenkins, George W. Jones, Kenn, Kel-
logg, Kilgoje, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Lamiy,
Loiter, Lovejov, Maelay, McKibhin, McQueen, Humphrey
Maishall, Samuel S xMai-ha!l. dl.won, Mafte-,011, Maynaid,
Mihis, Millson, Mooie, Morgan, Mori ill, Edwaid Jo> Mor-
ris, Fieeman H. Moise, Nibiack, Palmer, Parker, i'ettit,
John S. Phelps, William W. Phelp«, Phillips Pike, I-ottle,
Powell, Reairan, Robbing Robetts, Roycc, Ilufiin, Russell,
Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sheunan, JutNon VV. Sheiman, Shorter, Robeit Smith,
Samuel A. Snnln, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Steven•
sou, Jnine^ A. Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Ward, Cadwakuier C.
Wa^hbnrn, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Wat-
kms, White, Wood, Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—
146.
So the House refused to adjourn.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
First and second amendments of the Senate:
P.i i; two, strike out lines nineteen and twenty, at fol-
low* : " For preserving the extension of the Treasury buikt-
ing, $r>0,000,''' and insert in lieu thereof:
For continuation of constiuction of the Treasury exten-
sion, 8">00,UOO.
Messrs. KUNKEL and STEWART, ofMary-
land, demanded the yeas and nays.
"Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
In the item for surveying public land", strike out these
words • " And al=o including all the accounts for surveys of
public land and private land claims in California, undet con-
tract' prior to the 30th of June, 1857," and leduee the np-
piopriauon from " $103,00U " to u $13,000."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to disagree to all the amendments, except
the Treasury note amendment, and to let us take
a separate vote on that?
Objection was made.
Fourth amendment:
In the item for hire of carts upon the public grounds, re-
duce the appropriation tiorn §1,878 to $1,005.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert in the following paragraph, " For annual repairs of
the Capitol, water-closets, public stables, water pipes, pave-
ment?, and other walks within the Capitol square, broken
