1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
glass and locks, $5,000," these words: "And for the pro-
tection of the building."
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
In the paragraph for the repairs of Pennsylvania avenue,
increase the appropriation from $2,000 to §3,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
After the paragraph, that none of the moneyappropriated
shall be appiopriated in the decoration and embellishment
of the Capitol extension, by painting or sculpture, unless
the game shall have been approved by the ait commission
authorized by the act of 12th June, 1858, in the manner
stated in that act. add as follows:
But this provision shall not bo so construed as to inter-
fere with the completion and payment for works already
begun by Orawfoid and Rogeis, or the completion of the
painting of room-s in the north loom already partly painted.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert:
For extending to the center building of the Capitol, the
system of heating adopted for the wing1?, $74,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Insert:
For making the neee=saiy alterations in the rooms as-
signed to the Couit of Claims, including the removal of a
paitition betwepn the room*) formerl}' occupied by the Sen-
ate Committees on Military and on Indian Affau>, $5,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For completing the aqueduct to supply the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown with Potomac water, $250,000.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Insert:
F'Tgi ailing and graveling B stieet south, between Seventh
and Fouiteenth s-treets we&t.pettinjieuib, paving gutter with
stone, and toot way with buck, on the north aide of the same,
next to the public reservation, §',979 50.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twefth amendment:
For paving, grading, and improving F street north, be-
tween iVinth and Fouiteenth btieets west, $8,887 39,
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
For deficiencies in the Executive extraordinary expenses
in Kansas Tenant v, duimg the administration of Governoi
John W. Geaiy, §o'J0 40.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
For introducing the Potomac water into the botanic gar-
den, and budding a extern therein. $1,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
For completing ceitam volumes of the cxplonng expe-
dition, now neaiiy finished, and pay of supeuntendent, the
sum or*£8,220 05.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BLISS. I should like to know what ex-
ploration that is?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
Mr. PETTIT. I will answer, if the House
will allow me.
Mr. Mt&UEEN. X object.
Mr. BLISS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss and
Faulkner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—•
ayps 76, noes 50.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of War to pav for the purchase
of stores futniched fort be u-e of volunteeis engaged 111
suppressing Indian ho.-tihuos in the Teinfory of Washing-
ton, dining the late Indian ho-sinitie* m that Terntoiy,
$7,000, wnli interest from the time the money was advanced
by Governor Douglas.-, foi &aid purchase.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
For the pa\ men t of volunteers employed in Florida during
the yeai* 1357 and 1858, and who were cabled into service
by tne lequisition 01 the Pie-ident or the Governor of that
State, the Mini of ,v4l3,f>M, or so mucli thereof, as may be
nece.-saiy to pay the amount lound due, for the time >aid
troops were actually in the service of the United States;
Prowled, That no greater pay or commutation be allowed
than are allowed by law to kixmlar tioop* in Hie United
States Army.
Mr. KILGORE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and Jt was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 53; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Atkins, JBark*da!e, Harr,
Bifhop, Blair, Bocock, Ronham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Bravton, Bryan, JJufhnton. Burhugaine, Case, Ca*!ue,
Chaffee, Chapman, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane. John Coch-
rane, Comins, Ciawford, Davis of Maiyland, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Davis of 51 assachusetts, Dawes, Dewart, Dowdell,
Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Florence, Foley. Foster,
Gilh , Gdmer, Gooch, Gieenvvood. Gregg, Grover. Law-
rence W. Flail, Robert B Hall, Hawkins, Hopkins, Hoiton,
Howard, Jackson, Ketm, Kellogg, Knapp, Lamar, Landy,
Letehei, Maclav, McKibbin, McQueen, Uumphroy Mar-
shall, Miles, Moore, Moinll, Fieeman II Mor-e, Niblaek,
Nichols, John S. Phelps. Pottle, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud,
Uuffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Shorter, Single-
ton. Samuel A. Smith, Staliworth. Stanton, James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, George Ta>loi, Miles Tavloi,
Thayer, Vallandigham. Vance, Waid, fsiael Washburn,
Watkms. Wlnfe, Whitclej, Window, Wood, Woitendyke,
and John V. Wnght—98.
NAYS—Messi> Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bineham,
Blts^, John B. Clai k, Cobb, Coliax, C01 ning. Covode, James
( Ouig, Cuitis. Dodd, Duitee, English, Faihswoith. Fenton,
' Gamett, Granger, Groe.-beck, Giow, Iloaid, Houston,
' iluvler, George W. Jones, Owen Jono, Kelsoy, Kilgoro,
; Lei'ter, Lovejoy, Mattei-on. Mill>on. Morgan, Isaac N.
[ Mouis, Munav, Palmer, Pendleton, Peyton, Potter, Kob-
| bins, RobetN, Henry M. Shaw, Robert Smith, Spinner,
j Stevenson, Tappan, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade. Wal-
bndge. Wa'ldiou, Cadwaladvi C. Washburn, and Eihhu B.
Wiuhburne—53.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment: 1
For lepairs on the Long Bridge, over the Potomac, at
Washington, $5,000; to be expended under the direction
of the Commissioner ot Public Buildings,
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
For the altering, fitting up, and furnishing the former
Senate Chamber !oi the Sup! eine Court, with twelve moms
for the ttj-e ot the court, it> officer-, and ieeoid>, and lot the
drainage, witer, and ga.-s-pipes, and tor the fitting up the
lormer Sujneme Court 100m (or the law binary ol Conjpcs^.
winch rooms aie hereby a-^i^ned 101 tluse pmpo-es, uc-
coHling to the plan ptepared under the direction of the Su-
preme Coal, .^38.000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
That from and after the 1st day of July next, the fiankuig
privilege, except so far a* conlened by special law-as u
personal pnvtlege, be, and the same h heiehy, abolished.
Mr. ENGLISH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkins, Aveiy, Haik^dale, Bishop, Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bianeh, ttr\an, Butlinton, Burnett. Bums,
Caskjp, Cavanaugh, Cobb, John Coeiuane, (Julfax, Coming,
Ciawtoid. Davis of Missi--i|>pi, Dawes, Dean, Dowdell,
Durfee, Edmurubon, English, Faulkner, Foley, Gainett,
Greenwood, G toe-beck, Lawienc e \V. Hall, Rohei 11>. Hall,
Ilaskm, Uaicl), Hill, Hopkins, Hou-ton, llu\lei, Jackson,
Jewett, Geoige W. ,lone-, Owen Jone , Kel-ey, Jacob M.
Kunkcl, Leitei. Letelier, Maeja\, Melulilen, MtUii'jen,
Humphrey Marshall, Ma-ou, Miles, .Mooie. 1 -anc N\ Mor
lis, Niblaek, Pettit, Pe\ ton, John S. Phelp-. William \V.
Phelps, I'ouer. Pottle. Poweli, Reagan. Reiby, Rutliu. Rus-
sell, Samhdge, Sc lie-., S^ott, Ilemy M. Shaw, John She:-
iniui. Shorter. Stalluot'th, Stanton, Stevenson, Jam* s> A
Stewait, Tappan, Geome Tavioi, Mile> Tavloi, Tompkins.
Watkins, Woodson, Woitoi.d} ke, and John V. Wright—
B4
NAYS —Me^rs. Ahliott, Aiiiairi. Ahl. Arnold, Bennett,
Bingham, lUan, Bh-.s. Bowie, B'ayron. Buiimgame, Case,
Chaihie, (Jnapinan, E/a 1 Chiilc, llmae ; F. Clark, John B.
j, (-!aik, Clay CVunin^, ('ovod", Crairm, Cutii-. Davi-, of
ji Maixland, Davi-- ot Indiana. Oavts or Ma -a<*htw;iN. I)a-
"' vis of Iov\ a, Dpvvmi r, EJie, Elliott, I'enton, Florence, Pos-
ter, Gilli--. Gihnei, Gooch, Giang -r, Gieg^. Gn vci, Gmw,
i; Hams, Hawkins, floagcs, I]oiton,IIowaid. Jcukiiis, K miu,
!| Kellogg, Knapp. Latnat, LeuU, Lovejoy, Matteson, May-
;; nard. Millson. Mo-^.m, Moruii, Fremnan I*. Mor^e. IMur
'-ray, 'Oini, Pal'in^r. Patkcr, Pi-'n'leron. PinMip-. Uicaud,
!: Bobbin5-, Robeii-, Bo\cp, S'uayc, Jud^on W. Sheirnan,
Singleton, lvoh<'rt Simth. Samuel A. Sm.th, Spinner, Wil-
liam Stewart. TJiaj el, ITndi.r\vood, VallaiKiigham, Vance,
. Wadi\ Walbndge, Waldioa, Ward, CadwaladerC. Wash-
b.nn. EUihu B. Waslihuine, Israel Wa^hbuiu, White,
Wiuteley, Winslow, and Wood—1'9-
Durinsr the vote,
Mi. SMITH, of Illinois, stated that if he were
a member of the next Conirre&s, he would vote
"ay;" but as he wanted to £tve his successor the
same advantages as he had had, he would vote
" no.*'
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, said, if he had been
in the Hall when his name was called, he would
have voted " a v."
Mr. NICHOLS stated that if he had been in
the Hail when his name was called, he would
have emphatically voted "ay.M
Mr. SCOTT. I move to' reconsider the vote
by which the House non-concured in the third
amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to reconsider
the vote whereby the House concurred in the
fourth amendment.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the last amendment was non-con-
curred in; and I move to lay.the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. "WINSLOW, I withdraw the motion.
The motions made by Mr. Scott and Mr.
Greenwood were entered.
Twenty-first amendment:
To pnable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to pay
to John I\ Callan, tor stone taken from square No. 562, in
Washington city, and u ed 111 paving New Jersey avenue,
§162.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
That, lor procuring the necessary furniture for the Sen-
ate Chamber, the audience room, the committee-rooms,
the rooms occupied by the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, and other rooms of the north wing of the Capitol m
the occupancy of the Senate, and its appendages, the su-
perintendent of the Capitol extension be directed to make
a s-urvey and ascertain what articles of furniture will be
needed, with the materials, designs, and dimensions of the
same ; and that he be, and is herebv, authorized to publish
the proper specifications and description of the aiticles
which may be requited, and invite sealed proposals to be
made to lnm within tint ty days from the date of the first
publication of the same, for the manufacture and construc-
tion of the said articles of furniture, to be opened, at the
appointed time, 111 the presence of the bidders or other
persons j and that a contract or contiacts for Mich furniture
shall be made with the lowest and be^t bidder, reference
being had to the quality ot the material, the j-uperioiity of
workmanship, and the tune in winch the same shall be
completed ; and that proper security shall be taken for the
faithiul and piotnpt e.\ecution of the work; and that, for
the pin pose of paving for the said fimmure, as it nun be
completed and debveied, to the sau&facumi of the said
supeiintendent. such sum of money as maybe requited
therelor be, and the same hereby is, appropnated out of
any money in the Tiea-airy not otherwise appropnated:
Provided, That [he amount to be expended, under this sec-
tion, f-hall not exceed $50,000.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
A message was r<ceivrd from the Senate by
Mr. Dickixs, their Secretary, notifying the House
j that the Senate have passed, without amendment,
; a bill of the House (No. 873) for relief of Lucy
; A. Wakefield, widow of the late Benjamin Wake-
i field.
i That the Senate have passed bills of the follow-
ing- titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 586) for the relief of Abby S.
Chapin;
An act (S. No. GOS) for the relief of Stewart
McGowrn; and
An act (No. 607) to provide for the final settle-
ment of the accounts of Abram Edwards, late
register of the land office at Kalamazoo, Mich-
jgun.
Twenty-third amendment of the Senate:
Add the following additional section :
Sic.—• Jlwllc xt fm Ihcr cnactcdy That the lotofciound
111 tnccityof Philadelphia, heretoioie agieed to be purchased
by the Cuttrd btatestiom the Ameiican Philosophical So-
ciety a- a sue foi a coui t-house, shall be sold at public auc-
tion to the highest and beet bidder. And that the lot 111 said
citv, beietoioiu pmchased liom the Bank ot Pennsylvania
tor a po^t office, fhaii aUo be j-old at public auction tor the
bef-t puce n will bring, provided that s-aul lot :>hall not be
sold tor an agmcgate price 01 less titan ^005.000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ivk that this
amendment may be considered in connection with
the one tollownn?. It will he seen that thev make
no increase of appropriation; but merely provide
for a change in the site of the public buildings in
Philadelphia.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Ado the fo!lov.'in<? additional section:
Sec — .iiuH.c it fuil'tcr enacted, That the sum omims
or moot y rai-ed by the --ale o'"ihe |ot-> and •rnm'.d.-'author-
ized to be - old bv the preceding section ot iln> ae:, together
with the unexpended balance of the appfopn.uion 101 the
eon-r uction or a p<>>t oihee at Philadelphia, be applied and
exp.Mio *d as tollow-, to wit: tor tne puieha-eoi thefli-t
lot we-t ot the custoin-liou^e, commonly Known the
Lev) comer, a i-um not exceeding lor the pur-
chase of the ne.u adjmnnig lot nest, know u a* 1 he Padey
lot, a sum not pveee<hi!2,9^6,000; and foi the construction
ot a building on ihc paid Lev> and Bailey bus suitable for
a coU't-hou>e and post oflico a Mini not exceeding the 10-
i mamdei of the money not di- po-ed ot a- aijovc piovided.
1 And it shall be the duty of the Secretaiv oi the Tieasury
and the Po-tmaster General and the Anorrn y General to
1 execute the two foregoing Mjcnuie* of ihi-act: Pronded,
1 That the whole amount to he expended m the con&tnKiion
of said building shall not exceed the balance ot the amount
received irom the &ale of the &aid lots and the balance of
the appropnation.
The amendments were concurred in.
