1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
tdd the following additional section:
EC. —. And le it further enacted, Tint the missionary
claims roferied to in the fourth section oi the act of 23th Sep-
tember, 1850, entitled •' An act providing for the examina-
tion and settlement of claims lor land at the Sault Ste.
Marie, in Michigan,"and reported upon by the legister and
receiver at Sault Ste. Marie, pursuant to said act, shall bo
entitled to recognition and confirmation, in the same man-
ner and on the same terms as the claims of individuals
therein provided for; and, upon the final approval of the
said claims, as presented in the eighth section of the act
aforesaid, patents shall be issued theiefor.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Add, as an additional section, the following:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of ascertaining thw probable cost of the execution of (he va-
rious plans which have been icported to Congto^s foi the
enlargementof the public gioundshuuounding the Capitol,
the Commissioner of Public Buildings be, and hereby is, di-
rected to ascertain as far as possible, by confluence with
the owners ol the private property within the limits of said
reported plans, the price demanded theiefor, and to report
the same, together with his own estimate of the value there-
of, to Congress, as early as practicable alter the first Mon-
day in December next: and further, to submit, with taid
report, fetich drawings of situd pl«m-> as shall exhibit clearly
the slopes, terraces, walk*:, and inndwrfys within and
around said grounds, with an estimate, in detail, of the
quantity of each deseuption of work involved in the execu-
tion of each of the said proposed plans and the probablo co?t
of the same.
Mr. LETCHER. How far does this plan pro-
pose to extend the grounds?
Mr. LOVEJOY. From Bladensburg, on the
one side, to Georgetown, on the other. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Add the following a-i an additional section to the bill:
St:c. —. Awl be it further enacted, That, it on* arid aftei
the parage of thin act, each memberof the Senate who may
attend any extra or called session of the Senate in the tcee^s
of Congress, and who was not a membei of either Hou-=e
of Congress at the expiration of the Congu:- s pieci'ding
such exua or called session of the Senate, <h:ill he entitled
to receive his mileage at said exua oi called session of the
Senate, instead of the commencement of the regular ses
pion oY Congress succeeding such extia or culled session of
the Seriate; and that such Mini as may be neee^aiy to pav
the mileage aforesaid be, and the same is herein-, a|)propu- i
nted out of any money m the Tieasuiy not otherwise nppio-
piiated. ]
The amendment was non-concurred in. ]
Twenty-eighth amendment: j
Add the following as an additional section to the lull • I
Six'. —. Jltnl !>c it further cntutcd, That the power to i-^ue !
and rei^-ite Tieiwuiy notes, eonfened on the Purulent ot j
the United States by the act entitled An act to anihon/.c
the isj-uc ot Treasury note-,1' appioved o.'Jd j >e< ember. it-.">7,
be, and the «anie heieby i^s, levived and continued in loioe
lioin the passage of thi.- act until the Nt ot July. ItfM; and,
to defray the evpen-.e* thereof, the sum ol $.'>.000 i-. heioby
appropi iated : P> orv'cd,That «:ud notes may bo issued beat-
ing interest not exceeding six per centum per annum, and
that it Khali not be necessary, as directed by the ot igmal act,
aforesaid, after adveitisenieiit,to exchange them loi specie
to the bidder,or bidders, v)ho shall agree to nuike such ex-
change at the lowest rate of mteiest upon said notes ; and
that m all other respects the reissue ot stud Trea^uty notes
Bhall be bubjeet to the terms and conditions oft he act afoie-
said.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I make the
pointof order on that amendment, that, under the
decision arrived at hy the House on the Post Of-
fice appropriation bill, the Senate has no right,
under the Constitution, to insert a clause of this
kind in an appropriation hill, i ask that the first
article of the seventh section of the Constitution
may be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u All bills raising revenue shall originate in the [louse of
Representatives: but the Senate may propose, or eoneui,
with amendments, as on other bills,'1'
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, i make the
point, that a bill to borrow money is, virtually, a
bill for raisins; revenue; because it is pledging (he
faith of this Government for the money which is
borrowed; and it is compulsory on the House
either to pass a bill to raise that revenue or to re-
pudiate the debt.
The SPEAKER. The Chair docs not perceive
bow the question of order could be made upon
the amendment. It would devolve upon the Chair
the necessity of disposing, by his volition, of an
amendment sent here by the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. JONES. of Tennessee. I would inquire
if this amendment does not propose to take up
the notes that the Government ha£ outstanding
and give new ones in place of them? It is not
borrowing money, but giving new ones for old
ones.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Itis legislation
on an appropriation bill, which is expressly pro-
hibited by the rules of this House; and this
House cannot do, by indirection, what the rules
absolutely prohibit it from doing directly.
The SPEAKER. This is the action of the Sen-
ate; and the rules of the House are not applica-
ble to it.
Mr. MILLSON. What is the decision of the
Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that he"
has nothing to do with the question, whether the
amendment is in order, or constitutional, or not.
That is a question for the House to determine by
their votes.
Mr. MILES. I want to know whether keep-
ing an old dobt afloat is raising revenue, or not?
Mr. STANTON. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the appeal upon the table. There
ate a good many members scattered round the
Hall, and I want to give them time to come in.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andiews, Arnold,
Atkiu*, Aveiy, l>aik?dale, Bair, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock,
llonhain. Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Bums, Oaslue,
(Jrivauaii'gh, IS^ia. Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John
Cochtane, Comins, Coming, James Craig, Burton Ciaige,
Ciawlotd, Davi-. of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dean,Dow-
dell, Din fee. Edmundson, Elhott, English, Faulkner, Foley,
Gainotr, Gilniei, Giegjr, Groesheek, Grover, Lawrence W.
Hall, llobcii II. Hall, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Hodges, Hop-
kins, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins. Jewett, Geoige \V. Jones,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunk< 1, Lamar,Landy, Letcher, Macl.iy,
McKibhin, MeUuecn, Humphrey Mat shall, Samuel S.Mar-
shall. .Mason, Mavnard, Miles, MilNon, Mooie, Morgan,
Moi rill, Fi eernan H. Morse, Mott, Niblack, Nichols, Pendle-
ton, Pettit, Peyton, John S Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Reilly,
Robbms, Robert-., Royee, Rutlin, Russell. Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter,
Smgleton, llobert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor,
Miles Ta\lot, Thavei, Underwood, Vailandigham, Vance,
Wakhonj Ellihu U. Wa-dibmne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
knis, White, Wluteluv. Witiblow, Woodson, Wortendvke,
and John V. Wnght—120.
.\TA\'S—-Messr-:. Bennett, Blair, Bravton, Bufiinton, Bur-
hu'jaino, l\w, Hoi.iee F. CI.irk, Colfax, Govode, Cuitis,
I) ivi-) of Massiu-hi^etts, Dawe>, Dew.trt, Edie, Fenton,
FoMer, Gooeh. Giovv, llaskin, Owen Jones. !\>im, Kilgoie,
John Kunkel, Loveioy, Mammon, Mini ay, Ohn, Palmer,
1'aikei, Potter, Uicaud, JmUon W. Shermui, Tompkins,
Walbiulge, Cadwaiadei C. Washburn, and Wood—37.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. KELSEY stated that he had paired 00* for
the rest of the session with Mr. Seward.
Mr. SPINNER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Pottle, had paired off for the balance of the ses-
sion with Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
On motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, the reading of
the list was dispensed with.
And then the vote was announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. EDIE demanded the yeas and nays on the
amend ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bair,
Bocock. Bonhatn, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Bmnett,
Ihi! n-, Caskie, John B. Chirk, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Corning, James Ciaig, Button Ciaige, Ciawford, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edimindson, El-
liott, Cngli.^h, Ktisns, Faulkner, Foley, Ganunt, Gilmer,
Giccnwood, Gregg, Gro<M>eck, Grover, Lawrence W.
Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Lamar,
L.mdy, Lctehci, Maclay, McKibbin, Mt-Qbeen, Samuel S.
Mai-.hall, Mavon, Maj n aril, Miles, Million, Moore, Niblack,
Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Powell, Reagan, BufTin,
llusscll, Sand'idge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Sealing, Henry
M. Shaw, Slimier, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Geoige
Taylor, Mile* Taylor, Underwood, Vailandigham, Vance,
Watkiu-% Whitelev, Wuitdow, Woud.sun, Woitendj ke, and
John V Wiight—9'i
NAYS—MAbbott. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham. Blair, Bin*, Brayton, Bufiinton, Burlingame,
C.u-e, Cavanaugh, Chalfce, Chapman, Essia Clark, Hoiace
F. Claik, Colfat, Counns, Covode, Cragm, Curtis, Davis of
Maiyland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dewart, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farusworth, Fenton,
Florence, Foster, Gillis, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger. Giow,
Kobeit B. Hall, Ilarn«, Ha->km, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Ilujler, Owen Jones, Keun, Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp, John
C. Kunktl, Leidv, Leiter, Lovcjoy, Humphrey Marshall,
Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, I^aac N. Morris, Freeman H.
Mor<e, ATott. Munay, Nichols, Ohn, Palmei, Parker, Phil-
hps, Pike, Potter, Purviance, Redly, Ricaud, Robbms,
Roberts, Royce. John Sherman, Judson W. Sheiman, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wabhburn, White, and
Wood—93.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the above call,
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Morris, ofPennsylvania, fo$
the remainder of the night.
Mr. WARD stated that he had paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Morse.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Bishop had paired off with some gentleman on
the other side. He would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hickman, had paired off.
Mr. HOUSTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Curry, was detained at his room by illness.
Mr. STEVENSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Talbot, had paired off with Mr. GiLMAN,of
Maine.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that Mr. Keitt had
paired off with Mr. Ritchie.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
non-concurred in; and moved to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. McQ,UEEN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andiews, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buftinton, Burlingame, Case,
Chalfee, Chapman, EziaClatk, Horace F. Clark, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Ctagm, Cuitis, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnswoith, Fenton, Foster, Gooch,
Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harris, Ha- kin, Hoard,
llorton, Howard, Huyler, Owen Jone^, Keun, Kellogg,
Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Morgan, Mot nil, Fieeman
H. Moise, Mott, Munav, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker,
Pettit, Phillips, Pike, I'ottei, Purviance, Reilly, Ricaud,
Robbms, Robctts, ltoyce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, spinner, Stanto'n, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, C'adwalader C,
Washburn, Israel Washburn, and Wood—86.
NAYS—Me.ssis. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Aveijr,Barksdale,
Bair, Boeock, Bonhant, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
Bnmott, Burns, Caskie, John B Clark, ('lay, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Corning, James Craig, Bui ton Craige, Crawford,
Davis ot Indiana,"Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmund-
sou, Elliott, English, Eiistis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley,
Garnett. Gieenwood, Giegg, Gioesbeck, Grover, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hill, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, La-
mar, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, McQueen, McRae, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Millson, Moore,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Powell, Rea-
gan, Rutfin,Riibsell,Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Henry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, George
Taylor, Miles Tayloi, Underwood, Vailandigham, Vance,
Watkins, Whiteley, Wmslow, Woodson, Wortendyke,and
John V. Wright—93.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Can the gentleman re-
peat this motion to reconsider time and again?
The SPEAKER. The question was last taken
on the motion to lay upon the table, and not on
the motion to reconsider. The motion to recon-
sider has not been voted on.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELrS, of Missouri. Let us take the
vote direct on the motion to reconsider. We have
just taken the vote on the motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I decline to withdraw my
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biaytoti, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark,
Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin, Cxirtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean 
Dewart, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harris,
Haskin, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Keim, Kellogg, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman H.
Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit,
Phillips, Pike, Potter, Purviapce, Robbing, Roberts,Royce,
