1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Forty-fiist amendment:
Add, as an additional section:
Seo. —. Jind he it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of tiie House of Representatives
are hereby directed so to modify the contract with Gales &
Seaton for publishing the continuation of the American
Statp Papers, ma ie under the authority of the act of June
12, 1858, as to stipulate that they be allowed for said con-
tinuation the price of $10 50 a volume, on condition that the
said publishers shall defray ail expenses of selecting, com-
piling, and arranging the documents according to the rate
of compensation paid for the same services m compiling and
comparing the first series; also, me expense of binding the
same, and the expense of all lithographs and wood engrav-
ings required in any of the documents, also, the expense of
preparing full and proper indexes for each volume, and gen-
eral indexes for each class, and ail other contingent or inci-
dental expenses whatever attending said publication. And
the said'volumes shall be delivered to the Secretary of the
Interior as the same maybe completed, who shall pl.iee
three hundred copies in the Department of State, for its use
and for exchange with foreign Governments, and seven
hundred copies in his own Department for db-tubution to
Subhc libraries in the several States and Territories, and
old the residue in his custody, subject to the order of Con-
gress: And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
to pay for the s>aid woik as the same may be delivered, out
of any money in the Treasury not otheivvise appropriated,
on the certificate of the said Seeietaiy ofthe Interior: Pro
vuled, That not more than .$23,000 shall be paid on account
of said publication during the current iKcal year.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to recon-
sider the several votes on the amendments of the
Senate, and .to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to know
whether the motion entered to reconsider by the
gentleman from California is still pending?
The SPEAKER. It was included in the gen-
tleman's motion to lay on the table.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now call up the
message from the Senate, relative to the resolution
adopted by the House, returning the. Post Office
appropriation bill.
The message was read, as follows:
In tiik y«na,tk of 'Villi Unitpt) States,
March, 3, I «f>9
The House of Representatives having, in tae opinion of
the Senate,departed from the proper parliamentary Usane*
and method of tranhaoting business between the two Houses
by its action in regard to the bill of the Noumj (No. 87J)
making appropriations* for the rxpeiiM-soi the i u*t oiik-e
Drpartmimt for tin? yeai ending June, 1HI>0 : Theiefoie,
JiesoJufrf, That the Senate appoint .i committer of confer-
ence, to meet a like committee on the part ot the House (it
Representatives for the puipo-m of consulting uk to wii.it
action ought to be had by the respective limine* in reject
to the said bill.
Ordered, That Mr. S'itaut, Mi I'kakck, and Mr. Footk,
be appointed manager* of the said eonteience on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that a
committee of conference, on the part of the House,
be appointed to meet the committee which has
been appointed on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GROW. Does this message bring up the
bill itself? If it does, I shall object to its being
taken up,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is merely a re-
quest on the part of the Senate for a committee
of conference as to the propriety of the action on
the part of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. GROW. I object to the bill being taken
up at all. I have no objection to this request for
the appointment of a committee of conference
being granted, if it will not be construed to bring
up the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, if the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri should be
agreed to, it would be necessary for the commit-
tee of confercnce to have the bill in their posses-
sion.
Mr. GROW. I do not see why that should be
necessary. We sent to the Senate a bill making
appropriations for the suppoitof the Post Office
Department for the year ending 3Uth June, I860.
They returned the bill, with a provision on it for
raising revenue. We senta resolution returning
the bill, with our reasons theiefor. Thcv have
returned us this answer. Now, if the effect of the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri is simply
to appoint a committee of conference on the reso-
lution, 1 have no objection. If it is to take up the
bill, then I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it will
be necessary for them to have the bill before them,
in order to determine the character of the amend-
ments objected to by the House
Mr. GROW. The preamble of the resolution
sent to# the House sets forth the ground of their
request for a committee of conference; that we
have not complied,with the parliamentary usages
in the method of transacting business between the
two Houses. I suppose that is what the commit-
tee of conference would have to act upon. If that
is the understanding, I have no objection to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. lean put no other
construction upon the resolution sent to us by the
Senate, than that it asks for a committee of con-
ference to settle the differences between the two
Houses, as to how they are to dispose of that bill,
which can only be done by this House agreeing to
consider a bill which they have determined not to
consider. From that point, I, for one, cannot re-
cede; and, if the committee of conference is to be
appointed upon that basis, I shall object to it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As I understand
it, the committee of conference, if it is appointed,
will have no control over the bill whatever.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. But, if the com-
mittee is appointed, I should like to understand
whether it will be competent for them to make a
report which, if adopted, shall control the bill? if
there is to be any such tiling, I hope the House
will not appoint the committee.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have this to say
to the House: there has been a deliberate expres-
sion of opinion on the part of this House in ref-
erence to the action of the Senate, and it is prob-
able that, if a committee is appointed, a majority
of that committee will be composed of gentlemen
whose opinions correspond with the action of the
House. I have had no conference with the
Speaker as to whom he would appoint; but that
would be the piopor parliamentary course.
The SPEAKER. The vote of the House
would operate as an instruction to the committee.
Mr. HARRIS. I would like to know whether
it is not a fact thai the House bill, in reference
to which the resolution of the Senate has been
adopted, was not laid on the table of the Senate?
Mr. RUFE1N. 1 should like to know whether
this debate is in order'1 If it is not, I object to it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the motion.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his demand for a moment. 1 will re-
new it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 witluliaw it.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say u woid upon the
subject of i he action of the House. The proceed
in«;s we have instituted here in respect to tins
bill are in accoidance with parliamentary usage;
and for the purpose of allowing the House that
it is, 1 propose to read a paragraph from Permit's
Law of Parliament, jfltge 103. He says;
k On the 524th July, lMil, the Lords sent down a bill for
paving the htieets and hij.Mivv.iya ol Westminster, to which
thej doolie the eoneuirenee of the Commons.' As soon as
the lull is read a fn.st tune, 1 the House ob-ervtn^ that snd
bill wax to alter the course ol the law in part, and to lay a
charge upon the. people; and conceiving that it i> a puvi-
lege mhcicnt to thix llon>e, that bill-. of that natme outfit
to he first ponsulenal heie,1 the bill is hud a^ide, and it is
otdered • that Ihe Lords he acquainted tin rewith, and with
the reason* iiidiifitiji ib<; iloiisc thereto ; and Ihe lands aie
to be desired, lor that cause, not to suller any mention of
the said bill to lemain on the join imK ol their House : and
that the l-oiiinioiK-, appiovtn^ the puipoit, have oidered in
a hill of the same ttaiine.'
14 On the l.'uh February, 1661, a bill somewhat similar
was laid aside on the same giounds."
Now, that is what we have done. We have not
approved of the revenue portion of the bill of the
Senate.
Here is another case:
'• On ilu> 27th of April, 1640, upon the repoir of a eonfei
cnee. in winch the Lords had proposed that the subject of
supply hhonld have piccodence oeioie any other matter,
the (.'ominous resolved that their Loid-hips voting, pro
pounding. touching matters ol supply ot Mich ^oit as is con-
tained in this lepoit betoie it arrived tiom this House, is a
bieach of the piivilegu^of tins House.11
Now, we have kept within the parliamentary
usage. The Senate, by tins resolution, simply
say that they have the right to judge of their
powers under the Constitution, and they ask us
to confer with them on this question of power. I
am willing to confer with them on that question,
but! am not willing to take up the bill, which we
have once laid aside.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. This bill is
upon the Speaker's table, and the House has re-
fused to take it up. Now, I want to know if, by
the legerdemain of a conference, the bill can be
taken up without a two-thirds vote?
Mr. GROW. I want the Chair to understand
that, if the taking up of the message involves the
taking up of.the bill, I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in the hope of
being able to effect something that will lead to a
result that will be satisfactory to the House, will
retain possession of the bill if the message of the
Senate is concurred in, so that the question before
the committee of conference will be one of form
rather than of substance.
Mr. GROW. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would inquire if the
bill still remains upon-ihe Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER, ft does.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. And it will require a
two-thirds vote to take it up?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion of Mr. Piielps, of Missouri,
that a committee of conference be appointed to
meet the committee on the part of the Senate, was
agreed to.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BOYCE. I now move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of taking up the joint reso-
lution of the Senate (No. 86) in relation to the
comf>ensation of Senators and Representatives in
Congress elected from new States; and on that
motion I call for tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Craig of Missouri were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
only thirty-seven in the affirmative.
So the rules were not suspended.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. CLAY asked the unantmous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of putting it upon its passage, Senate
bill (No. 273) for the relief of the owners, officers,
and ciew, of the armed brig General Armstrong.
Mr. LOVEJOY ojocted.
Mr. CLAY moved a suspension of the rules,
and called for tellers upon his motion.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Uvdkiuvooo weie appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 79, noes 52.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting m favor theieof.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House take
a recess until half-past nine o'clock, a. m.
Several Members. Make it nine.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well, then.
As mollified the motion was agreed to; and then
the House, at five minutes to eight o'clock, a. m.,
took a recess until nine o'clock, a. m.
The House resumed its session at nine o'clock.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when tin" Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 550) making appropriations
for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and pro-
viding for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 888) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yancton
and Tonawanda Indians for the year ending
Jane 30, 1860, and for other purposes;
An act (l-I. R. No. 441) for the relief of the as-
signees of Hugh Glenn;
An act (H. R. No. 891) for the relief of Wil-
liam M. Harmon;
An act (H. R. No. 886) to protect the timber
growing upon lands of the United States reserved
for military and other purposes.
An act (Li. R. No. 489) for the relief of Con-
gressional township, No. 27 north, of range No.
6 cast, in Wabash county, Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of John
Beny, of Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 863) for the relief of Lucy
A. Wakefield, widow of Benjamin "Wakefield;
An act (H. R. No. 77) for the relief of Enoch
B. Talcott, late collector of customs at Oswego,
New York.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask the consent of the
