1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar from the further consid-
eration of Senate bill (No. 30) for the relief of
Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of Captain Hugh
Montgomery.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I object.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Cavanaugh
and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 13, noes 69; no quorum voting.
Mr. CAVANAUGH moved that there be a call
of the House, and demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. BLAIR called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
McQ,ueent were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 7, noes 110.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Cavanaugii's
motion, that there be a call of the House; and
it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
The question then recurred on Mr.wmxeley's
motion to suspend the rules.
■ Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie, and
Craig of Missouri were appointed.
The Ilouse divided; and the tellers repotted—
ayes fifty-two; a further count not being de-
manded.
So the rules were not suspended.
COMMANDER HARTSTENE.
Mr. WINSLOW. At the close of the last
Congress, we performed a very graceful act in au-
thorizing the President to refit and restoie to the
British Government the baik Resolute. The
ves:-el was accordingly thoroughly repaired and
equipped, and dispatched to England under the
chaige of Commander Hartstene, a distinguished
officer of the Navy. In the performance of his
duty in that matter, it became incumbent on him
to incur very considerable and unavoidable ex-
pense in entertaining, on his ship, the Queen and
the admiralty officers. A bill to reimburse him
these expenses passed the Senate, and was re-
ferred ro the Committee on Naval Affairs here,
which committee instructed me to report the same
back with a recommendation that it do pass. I
ask, therefore, the unanimous consent of the
House to have the Committee of the Whole
House discharged from the further consideration
of the joint resolution, and that it may be put now
upon its passage.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I object.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I call for toilers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Russell and
Comins were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-seven; a further count not being de-
manded.
So the rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had receded from its
amendments disagreed to by the House to the bill
making appropriations for certain civil expenses
of the Government, for the year ending June 30,
lbtSU.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
this day approved and signed the following bills:
An act to protect the timber growing upon
lands of the United States reserved for military
and other purposes;
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes; and
| An act making appropriations for fulfilling
| treaty stipulations with the Yancton and Tona-
| wanda Indians for the year ending June 30,
I 1860, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 713) making appropriations for sundiy civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860; when the Speaker signed
the same.
PAY OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr. BOYCE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, the following resolution:
Rewired, That the Clork of tins House pay, out of the
contingent fund ofthe Uimi-p, to Bud B. Chapman, ofNe-
tna^uij claiming to have been elected Delegate from said
'JVtritorv, his mileage and pay up to the 10th ox' Fobmaiy,
18.19.
Mr. EDIE objected.
Mr. BOYCE moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BLISS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss, and
Marshall of Illinois were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 85, noes 27; no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it waa decided in
the affnmative—yeas 111, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^is. Abbott, Ahl. Andiewv, Baik>dale, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Blan, Bliss, Bowie, Bo\ ce, Biaytnn, Bulnn-
ton. Bmhngamc, Bums Case, (Jackie, Cavamiugh, Ezra
Olaik, John B. (-lark, dawson, Clay. Jonn Cochrane, Cul-
j ta\. Coniins, Corning, Covode. Cramn. Jamc-, Craig. Cur-
| tis. Davidson, Davi^ of Man!,md. Davis of Indiana, Davi-:
of Mav^aeluiMHt^. Davis oi Iowa. Dawes. Dewnit, Dodd,
\ Elliott, Fain-worth, Floienee, Fo-fr, Oilman, Gilmer,
Gooeh. Giangei, Greenwood, Gieuir, Giover, Eu'vienoe
W. Mall, Hams, Hatch, Hawkins Hodge*, Morion, Ilow-
aid, Jenkins, Knapp, Ja<ob M. Kuukel, John C. Kunkel,
Landy, Leach, Leidj, Leitei, Lovejoy, Samuel S Mai -
shall, M i-ori, Matte^on, Mont«oniuv, Mojgan, Mouill,
Freeman H. Mor-e, Oliver A. Moi&e, Niblaek. Nichols,
Olm, William W. Phelps, Pike. Putter. Ptnviance. Bobbins,
Roberts, Royce. Sandidgo, Savage, Sco t, John Shetman,
h obert Smith. Stanton, Stepi.en-, James A. Stewui t, Wil-
liam Stewait, Talbot. Tappan.M lies Taylor, Thayer, Toirip •
kin-.Undei wood. V.illandigham, Vance, Wade, WaMtndae.
Waldron, Walton, Waid, Cadwulader C. Washbuin, El-
lihn B Wa-hlmrne, I-iaei Wa-hhurn, Watkms, Wood,
Auau-itus R. Wright, and ZolluofFei— 111.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins Avery, Barr, Bonliam. Biyan,
Cobb, Cravvfoid, Curry, Dean, Edie, Edmundson, Foley,
Gariieii, Gurtrell, Goodwin, Hoard, Hopkins Houston,
Jewelt. Geoige W Jone^,Owen Jones, Maynard, Mill-on,
Mott, Muiray, Puiker, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips,
Ready, Ruthn, Russell, Heniv \I. Shaw, Samuel A Smith,
Stcv«nson, Georye Tajlor, Thompson, Whue, Wmslow,
and John V. Wuglit—40.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. BOYCE then reported the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina to accept an amendment
to that resolution, inserting the name of William
Pinckney Whyte, who stands on precisely the
same footing as Mr. Chapman; and it is but a mat-
ter of justice that he should be paid also.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment would not be in order anyhow.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insistthatit would
be in order. We are m the House now, and not
in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The amendment could not !
be in order. The rules were suspended for the |
purpose of introducing a resolution for the benefit
of Mr. Chapman. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is to provide for the payment
of another contestant from a different locality.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the gentleman from South Carolina, j
I move to amend his resolution by striking out j
the words, " his mileage and pay up to the 10th '
day of February, lf.59," and inserting in lieu
thereof " the sum of $6,000, in full for his mile-
age and per diem."
Mr. BOYCE. I now demand the previous
question on the resolution.
| The previous question was seconded, and the
i mam question ordered.
j The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of llli-
j nois, was agreed to.
I Mr. BARR demanded the yeas and nays on
i the adoption of the resolution as amended,
j The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
Mr. DEAN moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. BOYCE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM PINCKNEY WHYTE.
Mr. BOYCE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee of Elections to report the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this IIou«e bo directed to
pay to William Pinckney Whyte, of Maryland, who claimed
to be elected to this Hou-.e from the third congressional
district in that State, a member of the Tlmtv-Fifth Con-
giess, and contend the right of Hon. J. Morrison Harris,
mileage and per diem to the date when said contested elec-
tion was decided.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did Mr. Whyte
claim the sent ?
Mr. BOWIE. Certainlv.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and says were not ordered.
^ Mr. STEWART, ofMaryland, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were not ordered; and the House re-
fused to suspend the rules.
SHELDEN M'ICNIGHT.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No. 577) for the relief of Shelden
McKnight.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mi. WALBRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. BUFFINTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davidson
and Chaffee were appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 39.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor therof.
Mr. MOORE. I move to lay the bill on the
table; and call for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 78, nays 9G; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Cocock,
Bonham, Branch, Brayton, Burnett, Caskie, Clay, Cobb,
James Ciaig, Ciawford, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Davis oi
Mississippi, Dodd, Edmundson, Faulkner. Foley, Gamett,
Gurtrell, Goodwin, Greenwood, Giegg. Grover. Lawrence
W. Hall, Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Iluyler, Jack-
son, Jcnkini, Jewett. Gcors e W. Jones, Keitt, Kilgoie, Ja-
cob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Leidv, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy,
McQueen, iMcItae, Samuel S. Marshall, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Morgan, Haac N. Moms, Muriav, Ofm,
Parker, Peyton, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Savage,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Singleton, Spinner, Stephens,
Stevenson, Talbot, Geoige Tajlor, Miles Taylor, VaNan-
dighain, Vance, Watkins, Whiteley, Wmslow, and Zolli-
co(Fer—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett,
Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Boyce, Bivan, Buflinton, Burhngame,
Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Corning, Cox, Cragin, Cur-
tis Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts,
I)avi> of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dnwiiick, Dmfbe,
Edie, Elliort, EiMis, Farnswoiih, Florence, Foster, Gilli-?,
Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Has-
kin, Hatch, Hawkins, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Owen
Jones, Keim, lOllogg, Knapp, Leach, Maclay, McKibbin,
Matteson, Mavnaid. Miles, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman II. Mor-e, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Pal-
mer, Peitu, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pur-
vianco. Robbing. Roberts, Royce, Robert Smith, Stanton,
James A. Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkin*, Under-
wood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Wa^hhum, Blhlm 13. Wa^hburne, White, Wor-
tendyke, and Augustus R. Wright—96.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During1 the call of the roll,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Clark B. Cochrane.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 am instructed by the committee of con-
ference on the disagreement of the two Houses
relative to the action of the Senate on the Post
Office appropriation bill, to make a report.
