602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
a fair expression of popular opinion. The House
in this state of affairs, I think very wisely and
very justly in relation to what was due to the opin-
ions of the people to be represented, remanded the
whole question back to the people, in order that
an election might be held without the influence of
the decision of the House, or the effect which be-
longed to an extraordinary election; and then the
people elected their Representatives, who took:
their seats without further question.
Such, I think, is the history of the transaction,
and such alone the question which was decided by
the House of Representatives.
Mr. DELL. Does the .Senator from Missis-
sippi assume that no such resolution as I stated
was passed at the special session, on the report
of the committee that they were .entitled to seats
as members of the Twenty-Fifth Congress?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, the committee reported,
and the House adopted the report.
Mr. BELL. And that was deliberately re-
scinded afterwards by a vote of the majority.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course it was rescinded when
the seats were declared vacant. The honorable
Senator was then a member of the House. 1 was
only a spectator.
Mr. BELL. What I said was, that the feature
which made it similar to the present was, that
that was an adjudication of the lights of parties
by the House, under their constitutional power
of being the sole judges of the election of then-
own members. Now, 1 will not. nssume that it is
similar to the present case, for the question now
is not whether the gentlemen who claim to be the
Senators elect from the State of Indiana are en-
titled to their scats or not. I do not go into that.
The question is, whether they aie < ntitled to the
courtesy of being admitted to tins Hour as mem-
bers ch i',t, contesting the seats of the fitting mem-
bers. Now, as the precedent in 1^37 establishes
the position that tin; House did not consider
themselves bound by any pnor decisions which
they saw fit to veveise, ! do not see anything m
the superior dignity of the Senate which would
pievent them from reconsidering, if they think
there is sufficient ground for reeonsideiation, a
former adjudication and decision upon a iike
point. That is all 1 contend.
I may say, fin iher, that 1 regret that this ques-
tion has bum presented here, 1 do not see any
probability that (hete will boa different result in
any course which the Senate may adopt at this
or at the next session, m relation to tins question.
Therefore, I legret that it has been introduced;
but when the question is presented to me, ! must
act as 1 think right. Shall 1 act, shall I vole, not
only upon the main question, but when it is jne-
sented, whether mi have the powei to iradjudi-
cate il, or even m a matter of courtesy, shall I act
conliaiy to the convictions winch 1 held m 1^37,
on a similar ques'ion, and contrary to the decision
of the I louse of Uepiesentatives ultimately? I
think L cannot That was all 1 wauled to d< elate.
Mr. 1VERSON. I had intended to submit
some remarks, as well m reply to tin' obsm vations
of the Senator from New Yoik, as upon the gen-
eral proposition; but I think that the discussion
has proceeded far enough. The Senate, 1 am
peisuaded, is tired of it, and to end it, 1 move to
lay the i evolution on the table; and I give notice
that I will not withdraw the motion on the appli-
cation ot either friend or too.
Mr SEWAUD called for the yeas and nays,
and they weio ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 31, nays 2;2; as follows:
Allen, Hates, H.tvanl. Benjamin. Hurl"!, i
I$r<nvu, ClK'Miut, C-isu^uuit, Die.!?, rjU|uirieiv,'Okvik '
f.'wi'ji, fjunnnotuf. !!ihi-mii. Hunn-t, t,f i-nri. .fuhtisott of !
TomiCsMM'., .Ma-un, Polk, Puuh, '{rid.
Rice, fcM'ha-'iiin, Sineh! yiaie'! ^tiuni, Tiioiason ui New
Jewy, Tooml*. am) Waul— M.
NAY.-'—JMcm-io. I < li, iiiOtleiir>k, Cameron, Cl'iridlei,
faark, Co!l.'uiH'!> Cuiiendon, lh>olntk\ Durcee,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale. ['.ualin, ilai'an, Km^fcJew-
anlj Simmons, Ti umbuil, Wade, and \Y iNon — J I.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the !
table. i
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. POLK. I desire to amend a motion I made ;
on Monday morning m regud to the number of
the report of the Committee on Foreign Relations '
on the subject of the acquisition of Cuba, that I j
moved to print. I named two thousand. I beg j
to make a motion for ten thousand. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion, !
under the rules, will go to the Committee on
Printing.  
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. FITCH. I have been furnished, by the
Indian department, with certain Indian treaties,
made dunng the administration of John Tyler
and Martin Van Buren, and ratified. They have
been acted upon by the department for years, it
appears; and yet, by some omission, have never
been published in our volumes of statutes. The
request is, that they shall be printed with the cur-
rent volume of Statutes at Large. I bring it be-
fore the Senate for the purpose of having it referred
to the Committee on Printing,with instructions to
direct their publication in that manner.
Mr. MASON. I suggest that the Senator had
better instruct the committee to inquire into the
fact, and act accordingly.
Mr. FITCH. Very well; I accept the modifi-
cation. I move to refer it to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, which, I think, is the Pacific
lailroud bill.
The "PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
business in order, unless otherwise directed by the
Senate.
Mr. IIUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill. It has been reported here some
time, and I think we ought to take up that bill
and dispose of it. I submit that motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that motion will not
prevail. 1 sincerely believe, trust, and hope, that
we shall be able to dispose of the Pacific railroad
bill to-day; I hope wo shall be able to pass it;
hut, at all events, it is due to the Senate, due to
ourselves, due to the country, that we make an
elfort systematically to come to a decision. I
therefore ask for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. ElGLEiv. I think itemi ho decided with-
out the yeas and nays. Let us first try it with-
out the yea.-; and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; let us try it
without the yeas and nays, and see what the re-
sult will he.
Mr. SEHAST1AN. I cordially concur and
unite with the Senator from Virginia in the policy
which he so earnestly julvocfites here, at all times,
of pressing the discussion and passage of the ap-
propriation bills. 1 have no particular objection
to the very eaily consideration of tin; Indian ap-
propiiadon bill; but it has heretofore been cus-
tomary to extend to the Commuter* on Indian
A flairs the courtesy of allowing that bill to remain
heie until that committee shouid be piepared with
the necessary amendments to offer to u. It is my
expectation that 1 shall be icady by to-morrow;
and, after that time, i shall interpose no objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill, i suggest to
the Senator from Vnginia to withdraw his mo-
tion, or to let the subject pass uvt i until fo-mor-
row, at which time 1 shall interpose no delay in
the consideration of that bill, and shall be ready
with all the amendments that will emanate from
the committee over which 1 preside.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill was reported last
week, and 1 thought 1 understood fiom the Sen-
ator h'om Arkansas, the head of the Committee
on Indian Ailairs, that they would be ready on
last Monday. It has been laid over from tunc to
time. However, if it can be the general undei-
standtng that we shall take up the Indian appro-
priation bill to-monowj I wdl not push the mo-
tion now.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope there will be that
understanding.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from New Voile, if we do not get through
v;i:n the L\io.lie ivuroad bdl to-day, will not in-
to i pose it fo-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; i have a great nref-
eieneu for the Pacific raihoad over Indian tribes
and lmii m iiat.ons. I shall insist on the Pacific
railroad bill to-morrow, and every day until it be
disposed of.
Mt. HUNTER. Then I insist on my motion.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to my friend and col-
league on the Committee on Indian Alfairs, that
we take up this bill. We need not dispose of it
to-day. We can go on to the point where the In-
dian Committee can come in with their amend-
ments, and then lay it aside until to-morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no objection to that.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was not agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, Army
and Navy supplies, and all other Government
service, by railroad, from the Missouri river to
San Francisco, in the State of California; the
pending question being on the amendmentof Mr.
Wilson to the amendment of Mr. Davis.
Mr. KING. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I will state th#t my colleague,
Mr. Green, informs me that he has paired off
with the Senator Srom South Carolina, Mr. Ham-
mond.
Mr. MALLORY. I have paired off with the
Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Wright.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows:
VIjVS—M<>^r^. Caineion, Claik, Dt\.on, Foot, Hale,
IlruUin, Kui'i, iticu, Sowaul, Simmons, Siuait, Wade, and
WiKon—13.
■WAYS—Ale^rs. "ate?;, ISayatd, Be!!, Benjamin, I>islci,
Ui i Jim Kicd'-r n k, lit ''lcaiiut. Chairman, Davi^. Filch,
' I'']iy.j).itin'k, lAwier, (i\\ in. Hoimou, Hauler. Ivet^on, Jofiri-
, Mia n{ Tciuiosco. Kennedy. Mason, Pearee, Polk, Piiiih,
i Held, Sebastian, Shield-., ^lult 11. Thomson ol'New Jeiscy,
j TooihIh, Tiuinbull, and Waul—
| So the amendment to the amendment was rc-
1jected;ond the question recurred on the substi-
I tute of Mr. Davis.
j Mr. SEWA RD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed— yeas itf, nays 33; as follows:
Vi; \ S—Mews. ] <•!!, (,'liusman. Davis Fitch, Fitzpnt
i."k. U.nnmomL ilou-ton, Ilaaicr, ivei-.on, Jonn-nn <u'
TenuiJ--ei', M bon, lY.irtu, Pllgli, Iteid, ScltUr'tiau, Slide!!,
Toombs;, and W'.ud — IS.
A ilea. Dates, /},ty,ird, ]h<r!er, Bi-xict.ek,
niown, C.imeioii. Cliandiei. Chc-nut, Claik, l)i.\on, l;ao-
l.ft!'-, Dmi'.'U-, Uuikee, Fcwmh'n, Foot. Fo-trt, G'Viii,
11 lie, liamiin, II ulan, Kennedy, King, Folk, Itice, S-w-
ard, Shitdd.*, Simmon^, Htuait,Trumbull. Wade, and Wil-
son—;>J.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I now renew the amendment
which I proposed to the first section of the original
bill, in hues eight and nine, to strike out the words
"San Francisco in," and insert the eastern
boundary of," so ns to make the clause read:
Fiom a point on the river, bi tweee the mouth?
of the I'nu Siou v and the Kansas nvoi^, to the cartel a bouud-
aiy ol the Sum: ui Calnonn.u
1 ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mt. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to move an amend-
ment, by striking out all alter the enacting clause
of the bill, and to substitute the bill which! off-red
some days ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stcart
in the chair.) The Chair wdl suggest tu l,he Sen-
ator that that is not in order, pending the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being taken by yeos nnd nays on
the amendment of Mr. Pugii, resulted—yeas 20,
nays Si; as follows:
VKA.^—Mossit.. n.iyaid. C<'i) jamin. Brown, C'hcs-
nut, (Ihv.himh. Dan^, Fuzpatnek. en, llammo.Ki,
IloiMon. i[miiei, Iver-Mi, Johnson of 'i'eiuie-^ee, M.i-on,
I'enicv, Pu«h, Ueul, fcv ha-ban, Suield-, ^lidoil, btaart,
Toamb-s, Tiumbull, Ward, and Value—-2)
\A\'ji-M'vi-!. Allen. Ih 11. "in-'i, Cn^.it, P.rodeiicf:,
r,uu''r(ai, f.'hamilei, (*l<nk. Oaom. 5  "so!itI!t*, l)ougi,i<, J)m-
kee, i'e-'-enden. Pin M. Foni, Po-t, s. >u. Hale, Hamlin,
li.niaa, Konied\, Una,, Polk, Rice, Bewatd, Simmons,
Wade, an,! W-i-jn—'2b.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POL1C. I dr>sii'p 10 oi'fi'i' an amendment.
Ti:e PlliiSitDlJMGr OFFICER. The Senator
from Jlissoun wii! pnuse a moment. There is a
Roecu.l order in exeeuave session, for to-d'iy, ;it
two o'clock, wluch hour lias now arrived. At
the last session, the Vice Tiesident in the chair,
determined that ni such a case jt was the duty of
the Presiding Officer to order the galleries to be
cleared at that hour.
1, Mr. GVVIN. 1 litihe that will not he done.
|j The PUKS1D1NQ' OFPICUB. The Chair
i; thinks il is a qneslion which is not debatable,
p The Senator can do eveiythinsj he desires after
l' the galleries shall have been cleared. •
