1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3, 1859.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreement be-
tween the two Houses on the resolutions adopted by them,
respectively, m relation to the action of the House on the
Senate's amendments to the bill (H. R. 872) making appro-
priations for defraying the expenses of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860, having
met, after ftill and free conference have agieedas follows:
That while neither House is understood to waive any con-
stitutional right which they may respectively consider to be-
long to them, it be recommended to the House to pass the
accompanying bill, and that the Senate concur in the same
when it shall be sent to them.
CIIA11LES E. STUART,
J. A. REARCE,
SOLOMON FOOT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. LETCHER,
L. O'B. BRANCH,
GALUSHA A. GROW,
Managers on the part of the House.
The bill reported by the committee of confer-
ence is as follows:
An act making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1860.
Be it enacte 1 by the Senate and House of Rejiresentatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
trie following sums be, and the mine are hereby, appropri-
ated, for the service of the Po*t Office Department for the
year ending the 3Dth of June, I860, out of any moneys m
the Treasury arising from the revenues of the said Depart-
ment, in confonmty to the act of the 2d ot'Julv, 133(5: 4
For transportation of the mails, (inland.) $1*2,633,060.
For compensation to postmaster?, $2,375,000.
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, .$950,000.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, $^0,000.
For office furniture in the post otlices, .$4,000.
For advertising, $70,000.
For mail bags, $50,000.
For blank**,,$00,000; to be printed by the lowest respons-
ible bidder, alter advertisements inviting bids lor the same,
for at least thnty days, shall have been published by the
Postmaster General.
For wiapping paper, ,$50,000: Provided, That the con-
tracts for the same shall be given to the lowest bidder.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, ,$15,000.
For mail deputations and «?pt eial agents, .$75,000.
For miscellaneous payments, §200.000 : Piooided, That
it shall be the duty ot the l'os>tinaster General to fnrnwh to
Congress, on the fir^t Mondu> of December next, and of
each and cverv >ear therealter, a detailed statement of the
expenditures made tinder the head of" miscellaneous pay-
ments j1' and that it shall not he lawful to use any of the
money hereby appropnated for the defense of Mitts brought
against officer* of the Post Office Department for malteas-
ance, misfeasance, or nonleasanec in office, or l'oi acts
committed by them under color of law, and m derogation
of tho rights of cifi/ens.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes, .$100,000.
For publishing a new edition of the Post Office laws and
regulations, and a list of po*t olfiees ,$15,000; Provided,
That the Po-uina^tcr General shall certify said new edition
to be official, and that lie shall give the contract tor its pub-
lication t« the lowest lesponsilile bidder.
Skc. 2. J-lnd be it further cnadod, That the sum of
$3;g38,728 he, and the' -nine is heieby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money m the Treasury not otlieiwise ap-
propriated, to supply deficiencies in tin: revenue of the Post
Office Department for the year ending the 30th o( June,
1859: Provided, That the sums heretolore appropriated lor
the erection of the Post Office buildings, which j-hnll remain
in the Treasury, unexpended, at the close of the present
fiscal year, are hereby reappiopriated to the objects to which
they are now applicable by law.
Suo. 3. Jliul he it further enacted, That if the revenue of
the Post Office Department shall bo insufficient to defray
the appropriations made in the fust section of this act, the
deficiency, if there be any, at the expiration of each quarter
of the fiscal year, shall he paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was road a first and second time.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the previous ques-
tion upon its engrossment and third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MASON. 1 call for the yeaa and nays
upon the engrossment.
Mr. LETCHER. It is now eleven o'clock.
There is but one hour of the session left, and the
Senate has yet to act upon the bill. 1 hope the
yeas and nays will not be ordered.
Mr. MASON. I see there is an appropriation
of about two million dollars for building houses
all over the country. 1 insist on my call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MASON". I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. MASON. I call for tellers on the ques-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by J. B. Henry, Esq., his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had
on this day approved and signed bills and a joint
resolution, as follows:
An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 18G0;
Joint resolution amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to regulate the compensation of members
of Congress," approved August 16, 1856, so far
as relates to such members as shall die during
their term of service;
An act for the relief of James Collier;
An act for the relief of Mary Dusenbury;
An act for the relief of William M. Harrison;
An act for the relief of the assignees of Hugh
Glenn;
An act for the relief of Lucy A. Wakefield,
widow of Benjamin Wakefield;
An act for the relief of Ferdinand Coxe;
An act for the relief of congressional township
No. 27 north, of range No. 6 east, in Wabash
county,Indiana;
An act for the relief of John Perry, of Illinois;
and
An act for the relief of Enoch B. Talcott, late
collector of customs at Oswego, New York.
SHELDEN M'ICNIGHT—AGAIN.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
for the relief of Shelden McKnight to a third read-
ing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that I was
mistaken m supposing that this bill had been re-
ported on adversely by the Committee of Claims.
It was another, though similar, case. I deem it
due to myself and the House that I should make
this statement.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MOORE called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 89, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Barr, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Ruffinton, Burlmgamc,
Case, Cavanaugh, Ezra Clark, dawson, John Cochrane,
Colfax, Cotmns, Cox, Oragin, Crawford, Curtis, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dimmidc, l)urf<>e, Echo, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Floience. Foster, Gillis, Gilman, Gilmer,
i Gooeh, Granger, Grow, Lawrence VV. Ilall, Robert B. Hall.
I Hams, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoiton, Howard, Iluylcr, Kemi,
I Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leaeh,
j McKibbin, Matfeson, .Morgan, Moirill, Edward Joy Morris,
f Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Ohn,
! Balmer, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter,
! Rolibms, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Robert Sirnth, Stanton,
[ William Stcwait, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,
Wade, Walbrnige, Waldron, Walton, Cad walader C. Wash-
bum, Fllihu B Washburne, and Wortendyke—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Atkms, Avery, Barksdale, Bocock,
Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Biayton, Burns, Caskie, Chap-
man, Cobb, James Ciaig, Curry, Davis of Mississippi, De-
wart, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Edmund&on, Elliott, English.
Eustis, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gajtrell, Gregg, Grover",
Hill, Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins., Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Leiter,
Letcher, Lovcjoy, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Millson, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Murray, Niblack,
Parker, Pendleton, Peyton, Powell, Ready, Reilly, Rutfin,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Ucnrv M. Shaw, John Sherman,
Shorter, Singleton, Spinner, Stallworth, Stephens, Steven-
son, James A Stewart, Talbot, George Tajlor, Miles Tay-
lor, Thayer, Vallandmgham, Vance, VV.ird, Watkins, Wins-
low, Wood, Woodson, Augustus II. Wnght, and Zolhcof-
fer—86.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was stated on the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider; and, at
twenty minutes before twelve o'clock, the Clerk
commenced to call the roll.
Mr. FLORENCE stated, when his name was
called, that he had observed that his name was
not recorded on the vote on the resolution for pay-
ing Bird E. Chapman. He was present, and voted
in the affirmative.
At ten minutes before twelve o'clock,
Mr. LETCHER (interrupting the call) said:
I move the usual resolution, that a committee be
appointed to wait on the President of the United
States, and inform him that this House is ready
to adjourn sine die.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object to anything in-
terfering with the call of the roll.
Mr. LETCHER. I submit the motion as a
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia is a
question of privilege.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope the gentleman
from Michigan will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to say that I have
no disposition to interrupt the business of the
House; but the yeas and nays were called on this
motion to defeat the bill, by preventing its going
to the President for his signature, and I insist on
my objection.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I am willing to with-
draw all objection I have made to the bill, if the
call of the yeas and nays is withdrawn.
Objection was made.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Several executive communications lying on the
Speaker's table were, by unanimous consent, or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER." I object to one of those
communications being printed until it has been
before the Committee on Military Affairs.
Several Members. It is too late.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report of Captain Cram was
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion can
be entered, but not considered, during the call of
the roll.
The hour of twelve o'clock having arrived,
The SPEAKER rose and said: Gentlemen of
the House of Representatives: The hour has ar-
rived when our relations, personal and political,
are to be severed. I congratulate you on the con-
summation of much of the legislation necessary
to administer this Government without embar-
rassment.
I embrace this, the last occasion on which I
shall have the honor of addressing you from this
chair, to make my grateful acknowledgments for
the uniform courtesy and kindness you have ex-
tended me as your Presiding Officer. Difficult and
trying as has been the position, its labors have
been greatly diminished by the cordial support
you have so generously given me. The dignity
and decorum that have marked your deliberations
will compare most favorably with any of your
predecessors. To this fact, 1 attribute whatever
of succese I may have attained in this chair.
The vote of thanks which you have offered me
gives me assurance that my administration has
been acceptable to you, and for that I thank
you.
I have, throughout my term, sought most earn-
estly to do exact and equal justice to individuals,
parties, and sections; and if I have failed in the
purpose, through error, or prejudice, I now crave
your pardon.
Trusting, gentlemen, that our deliberations here
may realize for this gieat Republic the most pros-
perous development of all its immense resources,
and invoking upon you through life the richest
blessings of kind Heaven,1 bid you farewell, and
perform my last official act, by declaring the
Thirty-Fifth Congress at an end.
The address was received with enthusiastic
applause on both sides of the House; and the
Speaker, on descending from the Chair, received
the warmest congratulations of the members who
crowded around him.
