SENATE-SPECIAL SESSION.
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE. |
Friday, March 4, 1859. 1
At two minutes past twelve o'clock, m., Hon.
John C. Breckinridge, Vice President of the
United States and President of the Senate, took
thS chair, and said: The Senate will come to or- '
dor. They are called to order in pursuance of
a proclamation fiorn the President of the United
States, which will be r^ad. i:
The Secretary read the proclamation, as fol- ■
lows: j
By the President of the United States of America, '
a. proclamation.
Whereas an extraouhnaiy occasion lias oeeurted render- 1
mg it necessary and proper that the Senate ol the United :
State? r-hall be convened to receive and act upon r-uchcom- |
mumcations a& have been or may be made lu it on the part j
of the Executive: j
Now, therefore, I, James Buchanan, President of the Uni-
ted States, do wsue tins my proclamation, deciaiirig that an ;
euraoidinary occasion requires the Senate of the United i
States to convene lor the transaction of business af the i
Capitol, in the city of Washington, on the lourth day of i
month, at twelve o'clock at noon of that day, of which ,
all who shall then be entitled to act as members of that body j
are hereby required to take notice. !
Given under my hand and the sea! of the United States, j
at Washington, this 26th day of Februaiy, Anno j
(i„ s.] Domini 18G9, and of the independence of the Utn- I
ted States the eighty-thud. I
JAMES BUCHANAN. |
By the President: i
.Lewis Cass, Secretary of State. '
The following Senators were present:
From the State of New Hampshire—Hon. Daniel
Clark.
From the State of Rhode Island—Hon. James F.
Simmons.
From the State of Connecticut—Hon. James Dix-
on and Hon. La Payette S. Foster.
From the Stale of Vermont—Hon. Jacob Colla-
mer and Hon. Solomon Foot.
From the State of New York—Hon. Preston King
and Hon. William H. Seward.
From the State of New Jersey—Hon. John R.
Thomson.
From the State of Pennsylvania—Hon. William
Biglerand Hon. Simon Cameron.
Fi'om the State of Dtluwuie—lion. James A.
Bayard.
From the State of Maryland—Hon. Anthony
Kennedy and Hon. James Alfred Pearce.
From the State of Virginia—Hon. James M. Ma-
son.
From the State of North Carolina—Hon. Thomas
L. Chngman.
From the State of South Carolina—Hon. James
H. Hammond.
From the State of Georgia—Hon. Alfred Iverson.
From the State of Kentucky—Hon. John J. Crit-
tenden.
From the State of Tennessee—Hon. Andrew John-
son.
From the State of Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F.
Wade.
Fromthe State of Indiana—Hon. Jesse D. Bright
and Hon. Graham N. Fitch.
From the State of Mississippi—Hon. Jefferson
Davis.
From ihe State of Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trum- 11
bull. ;
Fiom the State of Alabama—Hon. Benjamin '
Fitzpatnck.
From the State of Maine—Hon. Hannibal Ham-
lin. ;
From the State of Missouri-"Hon. James S.
Green and Hon;Truston Polk.
From the Slate of Arkansas—Hon. Robert W.
Johnson.
From the State of Michigan—Hon. Zachariah
Chandler.
From the State of Florida—Hon. Stephen R.
Mallory and Hon. David L. Yulee. !
From the Stale of Texas—Hon. Matthias Ward. ,
From the State of Iowa—Hon. James Harlan.
Fromthe State of Wisconsin—Hon. James R.
Dooliitle and Hon. Chailes Durkee. I
From the Slate of California—Hon. David C.
Brodenck and Hon. William JVI. Gwin.
Fromthe State of Minnesota—Hon. Henry M.
Rice.
From the Stale of Oregon—Hon. Joseph Lane. ,
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. It is with
very great pleasure that 1 rise to perform the ;
agreeable office of presenting the credentials of.
my colleague, the Hon. A. 0. P. Nicholson, h
elected a member of this body by the Legislature '
of the State of Tennessee for the term of six years }
from this day.
The Secretary read the credentials.
Mr. WARD presented the ciedentials of Hon.
John Hemphill, elected by the Legislature of
Texas a Senator from that State for the term of
six years from the 4th of March, 1859; which
were read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
cause the names of the Senators to be read who ,
are to be sworn in this morning, and whose cre-
dentials have been heretofore presented.
The Secretary read the list, as follows: ;
Hon. Henry B. Anthony, of Rhode Island.
Hon. Judah P. Benjamin, of Louisiana. j
Hon. Kinsley S. Bingham, of Michigan.
Hon. Thomas Bragg, of North Carolina. II
Hon. Albert G. P rown, of Mississippi.
Hon. James Chc&nut, jr., of South Carolina.
Hon. Clement C. Clay, jr., of Alabama. !
Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, of Illinois. j,
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, of Maine. |
Hon. James W. Grimes, of Iowa.
Hon. John P. Hale, of New Hampshire. i
Hon. John Hemphill, of Texas.
Hon. Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia.
Hon. Alfred O. P. Nicholson, of Tennessee.
Hon. Lazarus W. Powell, of Kentucky.
Hon. Willard Saulsbury, of Delaware.
Hon. William K. Sebastian, of Arkansas.
Hon. Robert Toombs, of Georgia.
Hon. Henry Wilson, of Massachusetts. |
Ail these gentlemen, except Mr. Benjamin,
were duly qualified by taking the oath or affirm- i
ation prescribed by law, and took their seats in ■
the Senate: ;
FORTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT. ''
Mr. BRIGHT offered the following resolution: j.
Resolved, Thata committee of two members be appointed
to wait on the President of the United States, and inform \
him that a quorum of the Senate has assembled, and that
the Senate is ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to; and Mr. Bright and Mr.
Collamer were appointed the committee.
THE STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON. I offer a resolution:
Resolved, That the several standingcommittees,as exist-
ing at the close of the late session of the Senate, be reap-
pointed. with the exception of such vacancies as may have
been caused by the fact of any member of said committees
having ceased to be a member of the Senate, and that the
Vice President be authorized to fill such vacancies.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
from Virginia whether his resolution ought not
to provide distinctly that these committees be ap-
pointed for the present special session of the Sen-
ate? I think that is the way it has been hereto-
fore done.
Mr. MASON. This is a copy of the resolu-
tion adopted at the last extra session of the Sen-
ate. 1 take it for granted that when the session
closes, the committees are disbanded.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I have no objection.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agieed to.
COLONIZATION OF COLORED PERSONS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submit the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be ad-
vised to open negotiations with Spain, and with the nations
fouth of us upon Hie continent, for the removal of all illib-
eral and onerous reductions upon trade and commerce be-
tween them and their dependencies and the United State* ;
and also lor the putpose of aoqmung m Yucatan and Cen-
tral and South Amenca, the rights and puvilegcs ol vettle-
ment and ol citizenship fot the benefit of such tree per-ons
of color of African descent mav voluntarily desire toem-
lgialc fiom the United States and lorin themselves mtua
colony orcoJomes, under the law* of the State or States to
which they emigrate, Ihe United States, m consideration of
the commercial advantages of trade with such colony or
colonies, making and securing the necessary and proper
engagements lo maintain them in the enjojinent of the
rights and privileges acquired by such treaty or treaties.
1 do not ask for the present consideration of the
resolution. It can he over until to-morrow.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY".
Mr. BAYARD. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
'Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I trust we may
get through to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. I think not.
Mr. HALE. Can the motion be amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) It depends on the character of
the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the motion, so
as to provide that when the Senate adjourns to-
day, it be to meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say to the Senate that,
so far as I am concerned—and I have taken some
pains to inform myself—I am not aware that
there will be more business before the Senate at
this extra session than was before it at the ad-
journment of the regular session to-day. I do not
believe that any new business will be sent to us
which will detain us at all.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course, whatever is the
1685
