1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
will of the Senate, I am satisfied with. My own
impression is, that after the exhausting session
we have had, after the days of serious labor we
have had, no matter what is the business we have
to act upon, it would be wiser to adjourn over to
Monday. It is just as inconvenient to me to re-
main here as it is to any member of the Senate;
at any rate, I do not desire to remain; but I think
• we ought to take ample time for the proper con-
sideration of the business that may come before
us. If I am not mistaken as to the character of
some of that business, 'gentlemen will be disap-
pointed who expect that we shall close our labors
to-morrow, even though we meetateleven o'clock.
The motion, however, must be decided'by the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator from New Hampshire that his
motion is not in order as an amendment to the
motion of the Senator from Delaware. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Dela-
ware that, when the Senate adjourns to day, it be
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
Mr. HALE. Now, I m-ove that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day, it be to meet at eleven o'clock
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the committee appointed
to wait on the President of the United States, re-
ported that they had performed that duty, and
had received for answer, that he would immedi-
ately communicate to the Senate in writing.
Mr, J. B. Henry, the President's Private Sec-
retary, appeared be'aw the 1)ar and announced
that he had been directed by the President of the
United Slates to deliver to the Senate several mes-
sages in writing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the communications are
of an executive character.
Mr. B1GLER. I move that the Senate procccd
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
"Mr. BTGLF.R. We ought to have the mes-
sages read.
Mr. MALLORY. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted; and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 5, 1859.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The oath prescribed by law was administered
to lion. J. P. Benjamin, of Louisiana, and he
took his seat in the Senate.
Hon. George E. Pugh,of Ohio, attended.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to tiie consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown in
the chair.) The Chair would suggest that the
Vice President has filled up the committees, and
they had better be announced.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the list of appointments made by the
Vice President.
The Secretary. On the Committee on Com-
merce the Vice President, has appointed Messrs.
Powell and Saulsbury, in the place of Messrs.
Reid and Allen; on the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, Messrs. Anthony and Nicholson, in the
place of Messrs. Allen and Bell; on the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, Mr. Bingham, in the
place of Mr. Stuart, chairman; on the Committee
on PiivateLand Claims, Messrs. Hemphill and
Bragg, in the place of Mr. Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. Shields; on the Committee on
Indian Affairs, Messrs. Bragg and Hemphill,
in the place of Messrs. Bell and Houston; on the
Committee on Pensions, Mr. Anthony, in the
place of Mr. Jones, chairman, and Messrs. Sauls-
buky and Powell, in the place of Messrs. Bates,
and Thompson of Kentucky; on the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims,Mr. Nicholson, in the
place of Mr. Shields, chairman, and Mr. Bing-
ham, in the place of Mr. Bates; on the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office, Mr. Bragg,
m the place of Mr. Reid, chairman; on the Com-
mittee on Territories, Mr. Grimes, in the place
of Mr. Jones; on the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
Mr. Powell, in the place of Mr. Wright, chair-
man; and on the Committee on Enrolled Bills,
Mr. Grimes, in the place of Mr. Jones, chairman.
Mr. GWIN. The order of the Senate was to
fill vacancies. I have never known, in the history
of the Senate before, that the Vice President ap-
pointed the chairman of a committee. That is
done by the Senate or by the committees. I move
that, in entering these names on the Journal, the
word " chairman" be omitted. *
Mr. MASON. The resolution adopted yester-
day by the Senate was in accordance with a res-
olution of a former session. The resolution ap-
points all the committees, giving power to the
Vice President only to fill vacancies.
Mr. GWIN. But not to appoint chairmen.
Mr. MASON. In strict parliamentary law,
each committee appoints its own chairman.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly it does.
Mr. MASON. But by a rule of the Senale, the
Senate appoints the chairmen ofcommittees. The
resolution adopted yesterday is the act of the
Senate. By it, the Senate reappoints the com-
mittees of the late session, except asto vacancies,
the power to fill which is given to the Vice Pres-
ident.
Mr. GWIN. Does it give the Vice President
the power to appoint chairmen ?.
Mr. MASON. There is no such thing as a
vacancy in the chairman of a committee. I sup-
pose.
Mr. GWIN. I move that these appointments
be to fill vacancies, and not. to take the place of
chairmen of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
The Secretary read the resolution which was
yesterday offered by Mr. Mason and adopted.
Mr. TRU.YI BULL. I understood the Senator
from Virginia to say yesterday, that that resolu-
tion was in accordance with previous precedent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will suspend for a moment. The present occu-
pant of the chmr learns from the Vice President
that he did not appoint any chairmen of commit-
tees, but simply filled the vacancies. I suppose
that will end the contest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make a motion in
regard to it, as I wish to submit some remarks.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution passed yesteiday was adopted. I under-
stood yesterday that it was in accordance with
the action of the Senate two years ago. That is
a mistake. Although I was in the Senate at the
time the resolution was adopted, there was some
confusion,and Idid not notice itsadoption. Two
years ago the committees were all formed anew,
and I have the Journal of the Senate before me
showing it. The committees were not formed
then until the 9th of March, and they were made
after consultation on the part of the majority of
the Senate, and the listof committees was adopted
on a vote of the Senate. The committees all ex-
pired with the Congress. This is a new session
of the Senate, one third of its Senators being new
Senators, and I think it would have been better to
have formed the committees anew. It is true, all
the newly elected Senators are not now for the
first time members of the Senate; many of them
were members of the prior Senate; but still there
are quite a number of new Senators who have
come into the body, and it has not been usual, as
the Senator from Virginia supposes, to adopt the
committees of the prior session when a new Sen-
ate convenes. It was not the course pursued two
years ago.
Mr. MASON. I might call the Senator to or-
der. The subject is not before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is amotion before
the Senate—my motion to reconsider the resolu-
tion adopted yesterday.
Mr. MASON. Then let me say to the Senator,
as to this correction of a matter of fact, that I di-
rected one of the clerks in the Secretary's office
to make me a copy of the last resolution for the
appointment of committees temporarily, and he_
brought it to me. 1 sent for him just now, and
he informs mc that it is an exact copy of the res-
olution that was adopted for the appointment of
committees temporarily, at the session before the
last, when Congress was convened by the proc-
lamation of the President on the day after its ad-
journment, with the exception that that provided
that the committees should be appointed by the
Vice President as they stood on the 7th of Au-
gust, the day of the adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is very true; and it
is a very different case. There, an extra session
of Congress was convened after the adjournment,
and, of course, the members of the Senate were
all the same as they had been a few days before,
when Congress adjourned; but this is a new Sen-
ate, and it is a very different case from convening
the old Senate. The committees expired with the
session; and a resolution such as the Senator from
Virginia indicates, would certainly be appropri-
ate and proper when the same Senators were con-
vened, a day or two after adjournment, in an ex-
tra session; but it is a very different thing when
a new Senate is called together. I have made tfyis
motion to reconsider the resolution adopted yes-
terday, with the view of calling attention to the
fact that this is a new Senate; and it seems to me
but just to the new Senators who- have come in,
that the committees should be rearranged. I have
made these remarks, however, rather for the con-
sideration of the majority of the Senate, as they
control the committees, tnan with a view of press-
ing the matter, for I know that the motion from
me would be utterly unavailing; and, unless some
gentleman desires to say something on the sub-
ject, I withdraw the motion to reconsider, as I
suppose it will not carry. 9
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution passed yester-
day, I believe, limits the appointment of commit-
tees to the present executive session. The Chair
has acted under the order, and filled the vacan-
cies. 3 should like to hear the committees read
as they now stand, as I understand there was a
mistake m the reading of them before. I should
like to hear them read in the order they now
stand on the list.
The Secretary read the list of committees, as
follows:
On Foreign Relations — Messrs. Mason, (chairman,)
Doiil-Us Slidell, Polk, Crittenden, Seward, and Foot.
On Finance—Me^is. Hunter, (chairman,) Pearce,Gwin,
Blight, Hammond, Fes*>enden, and Cameron.
On Commerce—Messrs. Clav, (Hinirman,) Bigler,'Toombs,
Hamlin, Chandler, Powell, and Salisbury.
On Military Jljfrairs and the Militia—Messrs. Davis,
(chairman,) Fitzpatiick, John&on of Arkansas, Chesnut,
Bioderiek. VVtNon, and King.
On Naval Affairs—Me^rx. Mallory, (chairman,) Thom-
son, Shdell, Hammond, Hale, Anthony, and Nicholson.
On the JuiHciaiv—Messrs. Bayard, (chairman,) Pugh,
Benjamin, Green, Chngman, Collamer, and Trumbull.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Yulee, (chair-
man,) Bigler, (iwm, Rice, Waid, Hale, arid Dixon.
On Puhhr Lands—Messrs. Johnson of Arkansas, (chair-
man,) Pugh, Johnson of Tennessee, Chesnut, Foster, Har-
lan, and Bingham.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin, (chair-
man.) Polk, Durkee, Hemphill, and Bragg.
On. Indian Affairs — Messrs. Sebastian, (chairman,)
Brown, Fitch, Itiee, Doohttle, Bragg, and Hemphill.
0)1 Pensions— Messrs. Thomson, (chairman,) Clay, Fos-
ter, King, Anthony, Saulsbury, and Powell.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Crittenden, (chair-
man,) Dtirkec, Chandler, Bingham, and Nicholson.
On Claims — Messrs. Iverson, (chairman,) Mallory,
Ward, Simmons, and Clatk.
On the DistrUt of Columbia—Messrs. Brown, (chair-
man.) Ma^on, Johnson of Tennessee, Yulee, Kennedy,
Hamlin, and Wilson.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Thomson,
(clnuiman,) Toombs, Simmons, Trumbull, and Bragg.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs. Bright,
{chairman,) Davis, Douglas, Kennedy, and Clark.
On Territories— Messrs. Green, (chairman,) Douglas,
Sebastian, Fitzpatrick, Collamer, Wade, and Grimes.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Johnson ofTennessee, (chairman,) Dixon,
and Powell.
On Printing—Messrs. Fitch, (chairman,) Cameron, and
Davis.
On Engrossed Bills---Messrs. Bigler (chairman) and
Harlan.
Oh Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Brown, (chairman,) Doolit-
tle, and Grimes.
On the Library—Messrs. Pcarce, (chairman,) Bayard,
and Fess>enden.
SHARPE'S RIFLE CARBINE.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby directed^
to inform the Senate whether Sharpe's rifle carbine is em-
ployed in arming the mounted troops of the United States;
and if so, whether it has been found efficient and service-
able in the field ; aK-o, whether there aie requisitions on file
at the War Department for Sharpe's arms for service in the
field winch have not been filled; and if so, state when and
