1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I6S7
by whom made, and the reason why they have not been l
filled. i
Mr. MALLORY stated that the late Senator j
from Oregon (Mr. Smith) had intended to offer I
the resolution at the regular session, but had not j
an opportunity of doing so.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GWIN.# I renew my motion for an exec-
utive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after three
hours spent in executive business, the doors were j
reopened.- j
MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI. j
Mr. SEWARD I offer the following resolu- |
tion; and ask for its immediate consideration: i
Resolved. That tiio Secretary of War be requested to com- !
municate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public
"interest, and at his eailiest convenience, copies of all and
any conuact« which may have been entered into for the
purpose of removing tht* obstructions to commerce exist-
ing, or which have existed, at the mouths of the Missis-
sippi uver, with the amount'of money ahcady expended
for that object, and to whom paid; also, the report- ot the
person^ intrusted with the di-bursementof the appropriation
recently made, ol $330,000. Whether any applications have
been made for the immediate di^po.-al of the unexpended
balance, and what measures have been taken for the rescue
of the property now jeopaided at that point.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object. I wish the point
settled by the Senate whether we are to introduce
resolutions that do not relate to executive busi-
ness at all. If it be so, I wish to understand it.
Mr. GWIN. We have already done it, this
morning:, in one instance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
Does the Senator from Vermont object to the con-
sideration of the resolution?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will
lie over.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. |
Mr. GREEN. I have been requested by the ■
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] to move ,
that Mrs. Ann M. Smith, widow of Brigadier j
General Persifer F- Smithfehave leave to with- 1
draw her petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Pennsylvania
explains what was accidental, and I withdraw my
objection to the consideration of the nomination
of an Assistant Postmaster General.
Several Senators. We are in open session.
Mr. GWIN. I move that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened ; and ,
on motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate adjourned
until Monday at twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 7, 1859. !
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved. !
MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the resolution
submitted by him on Saturday was taken up and
agreed to, as follows: ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the senate, if not incompatible with the public
interest, and at hw earliest convenience, copies ol all and
any contracts which may have been entered into for tiie ,
purpose of lemovmg the obstruction^ to commerce existing,
or which have existed, at the 111011111=1 of the Mi^ifMppi
rivpr, with the amount of money aheady expended loi that
otject, and to whom paid; also, the iepoK  ol the persons
lnuusted with the <h:>bur?>euien^ 01 the appropriation ic
eently made ol &33U.000; wnethtr any application^ have
been made loi the immediate disposal ol the unexpended
balance, and what mea->uies have been taken lor the res-
cue of the property now jeoparded ai that point.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the conespondence between Com-
mander Fooie and his Excellency E. A. Blundcli,
relative to the ship Henrietta Maria; which was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion hy Mr. ■
Mallory to print the report was referred to the
Committee 011 Punting. I
BINDING OF THE SENATE. j
Mr. BROWN. I have a memorial addressed :
to the Senate of the United States from the bind-
ers to the Senate. 1 ask that it be read, as I want
action now on it.
The Secretary read the memorial, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate of the United States:
Your memorialists respectfully represent that they were
selected by tho Committee on Printing to execute the bind-
ing of the extra Senate documents of the Tlnrtv-Fiith Con-
gress, at prices twenty per cent, less than they were form-
erly allowed, and they now ask that their compensation may
be restored to the old prices, for the following considera-
tions :
When your memorialists undertook the execution of tins
work, they reasonably supposed that it would, at least, ap
proximate in quantity to that of the previous Congress ; but
such has not been the case. The total amount of work
delivered la>t Confess, by our predecessor, amounted to
$210,U00, whilst that which we have delivered, will not
reach $15,000.
All 0111 anangements were made for a much larger amount
than that actually received, and whiNt the former amount
might have p;ud borne profit, the latter utterly fails to reniu-
neiate us tor our labor and outlav. In confirmation of tins
statement, we refer to the ceiuficates of J. O. McGtnre,
our predecessor, of two, out of the three parties", who pro-
posed to do the work at loss than the old rates, and thirty-
five other practical bookbinders of this city, whose certifi-
cates are on file 111 the committee room, all of whom coticur
m stating that tor so small a quantity of work the reduced
prices will not afford a lair remuneration.
Your memorialists do not seek to escape the ju>t peiform-
ance of their obligation*, but they submit that in consider-
ation of the vast difference (nearly two hundred thousand
dollai?) in the quantity dehveied between the la.-t and the
present Congress, that it form-* the basis of a ju->t and fair
demand lor the restoration of the old prices.
The enormous reduction in the quantity of work ordered
this Coivircss, has doubtlos been made with a ju-t regard
to the public interest, but one so great could not have been
reasonably o\ppcted. We tiu-^tthat thus far we have exe-
cuted the work in a satMactorv manner, and our determ-
ination is to continue to do s-o, seeking only «uch remunera-
tion a? will \ield u> a fair return foi our laboi, and protect
u* from I0-.8? on the outlay aheady made.
Respcctlully submitted,
PETTI HONE BOTELER.
Mr. BROWN. It is hardly worth while, I ap-
prehend, to refer the memoiial to the Committee
on Printing. What the memorialists seek is an
expression on the part of the Senate, concurring
with the majority of the Committee on Printing,
that they ought to be relieved The committee
already have\he power to do if; but they hesitate
to do it without the consent of the Senate. These
parties contracted to do the public binding, sup-
posing that the work for this Congress would be
about what it was for the last Congress, i un-
derstand from the chairman of the Committee on
Printing that, during the last Congress, the bind-
ing amounted to some two hundied and fifty thou-
sand dollars, this Congress, it is not over §30,000.
Senators will sec at once that, on receipt of§250,000
for binding, parties ought to take a very small per-
centage, and yet make a very large amountof mo-
ney; but, if the receipts fell off to $30,000, it would
be a ruinous business. The complaint is, that tiie
committee with whom these parties contracted
stiuck off twenty per cent, from the price of the
work before it was commenced; but they sub-
mitted to it, supposing that they would have a very-
large amount to do; and that, while the profit on
each volume would be exceedingly small, it would
m the aggregate make them some money. Inas-
much, however, as the total amount of binding
has fallen off to only about thnty or forty thou-
sand dollars, they have actually lost money, and
lost it in this way: when they buy mateual to
bind, for instance, one hundred thousand volumes
of the Patent Office report, by buying a large quan-
tity, they get it at a much less pi ice than if they
only buy material for binding five thousand copies.
It was 111 the puichase of the materials, they cal-
culated to make their profits. I think, under the
circumstances, these parties are entitled to relief;
and I ask the els airman of i he Committee on Punt-
ing to express his opinion about it.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the Senator from Mis-
sissippi lias stated the material facts in this case.
It appears that the Committee on Printing, after
due investigation, fixed what they deemed fair
compensation for binding—twelve and a half per
cent, below the prior rates. On advertising for
ptoposals for binding, several proposals wre re-
ceived, some at ten per cent., some at twenty p^r
cent., below this reduction. The commuter ap-
pointed these gentlemen to do the binding. Their
bid, it appears, was to do the binding at whatever
rate the committee might fix. The committee, of
course, could not fix a higher rate than others
had bid, and very propcily fixed it at twenty per
cent, below the twelve and a half per cent, pre-
viously deducted from the old rate. The binders
state now, that in view of the small amount of
binding, they have lost money, but that if the
amount had equaled that of the previous Con-
gress, upon which amount they made their bid,
they would not have asked relief. They produce
the testimonials of the gentlemen who bid te-nand
twenty per cent., those who bid twenty .per cent,
particularly, that the price, in view of the amouat
of binding which has been done for this Con-
gress, is not a compensating one. The committee
declined yielding relief when these binders came
to the committee, upon the ground that injustice
would be done to other bidders, who proposed to
take the work at the same price they bid. These
other bidders now come in and certify to the com-
mittee that this relit-f ought to be granted, because
on account of the great diminution of the amount
of binding, they themselves would have com-
plained, and would not have taken the work at
the rates which they proposed, if they had not
supposed the amount would equal that of the pre-
vious Congress, or come near to it. Still the Com-
mittee on Printing have hesitated, and I think very
properly, as to granting this relief, on the ground
that it is an assumption of authority on their part.
Even if they have the right, the propriety of its
exercise is somewhat doubtful to my mind, be-
cause, by their own act, they would be giving to
these gentlemen, I know not what, but certainly
several thousand dollars, in the form of a bonus,
out of the contingent fund of the Senate—a power
winch the committee did not think it proper for
them to exercise. Therefore the memorialists
have come before the Senate asking relief from
that body. If the Senate choose to giant it, the
committee, of course, will carry out their order
with the utmost pleasure, but they do not think
it right and proper of themselves to grant relief.
My own opinion, however, and I think the opin-
ion of a majority of the committee, and I do not
know but that I may say of the entire commit-
tee, is, that as matter of equity, relief should be
granted.
Mr. BROWN. I move the adoption of the
following resolution: *■-
Resolved, (as the judgment of the Senate,) That the re-
duction made on the binding for the Senate undei Petti-
bone & Boteler's contiact ought to be, and is huicbv, re-
stoied.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I was connected with
the Committee on Printing for a series of years,
and I have some faint recollection of this matter.
I did not hear the petition read; my attention was
attracted at the time to something else; but I un-
derstand this is an application on the part of the
binders for increased compensation.
Mr. BROWN. The application is for the
restoration of the twenty per cent, which was de-
ducted from the ratos obtained by their predeces-
sors. I understand the iact to be that the com-
mittee deducted twenty per cent from the former
rates. These parties agieed to have that deduc-
tion made and entered into the contract, suppos-
ing they weie to have a large amount of binding,
whereas thoy got a very small amount.
Mr FITZPATRICK. I think (he Senate have
been exempt from applications of this kind for
many years. The gentleman who formerly did
the binding received, I think, twelve and a half
cents a volume, and he was a very faithful work-
man and discharged his duties with fidelity. He
never was delinquent in deiiveung his woik, or
in anything pertaining to his duty. He was, how-
ever, superseded by the present bmdei a. It would
be well, perhaps, to say to Senators, the new
ones especially, that the Committee on Punting
select the binder. At the time this contract was
sought at the hands of the Committee on Print-
ing, there was a great press. It was generally
supposed throughout the country that the binder ^
had made an immense amount of money out of
the business, that it was a profitable contiact, and
hence it was sought with gu-at avidity. ttehev-
ing that to be the fact, the committee determined
to deduct twenty per cent, from the cunent rates.
That was known to the present contractors, and,
if I am not mistaken—I will not undertake to
speak with absolute certainty, for it is more than
a year since I had any connection with the sub-
ject, or really thought of it—they proposed to do
the woik as cheaply as any person who might bid
for it, or on such terms as the committee might
prescribe. They received this contract with a full
knowledge of the fact that they were to do the
