1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
and exempt it from taxation, or commutc the
power of taxation on such terms as would not be
objectionable to the projectors of the road ? I say
then there is no serious question arising upon tins
point. The bill as it is shaped may look to the
construction of a road to Sail Francisco, but it
must be talyin fairly; and of course any company
who shall make a bid under the bill will have in
view the obtaining of a charter from the State of
California, or any other State through which the
road may pass, giving them the privilege of con-
structing it, and exempting it from taxation as
long as may be desired.
Therefore, I-say, there is no serious question
on any one of these points. The question of con-
stitutional power, is interposed unnecessarily.
The sole question for us to consider in contrib-
uting the funds of the Government to this work
is, whether it is necessary as a measure of mil-
itary defense. I shall say but little on that sub-
ject, conreivins that the honorable Senator from
Mississippi [Mr: Dams] has demonstrated its
necessity, with a clearness and force of fact and
aigumetlt acquired by his own experience and
knowledge of military affairs. He regards it as
an indispensable measure for the defense of our
Pacific coast. It cannot be argued away; it can-
not be explained away. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana, to be sure, has attempted to show
that we could provide munitions of war, if that is
all that is necessary, twenty-five years in advance;
but the honorable'Senator from Mississippi has
demonstrated the impracticability of such a thing.
Various suggestions have been thrown out
as to the increasing population and increasing
. strength and resources of California, and the con-
templated States north pf California, on the Pa-
cific coast. Undoubtedly there will in time be a
powerful empire in population and resourecs on
the western slope of the Rocky Mountains and of
the Sierra Nevada; but how long must be the
period that will intervene until that time arrives
no man can conjecture; but we all know that it
must be a great "length of time. The honorable
Senator from Mississippi has demonstrated that
it is impossible to supply certain portions of the
necessary munitions of war and preserve them for
any great length of time; and that, as to marching
a large auny aeioss the plains, or carrying large
supplies of provisions over, it is utterly imprac-
ticable, in peace or war, without this road; but that,
of course, must be confined to a period of actual
warfare, when our western coasts are threatened
by powerful armaments—by powerful bodies of
veteran troops.
Kow, sir, the main ground on which I give this
measure my support is, that.it is not only a neces-
sary, but an essential measure for national de-
fense. If we conform to the maxim which has
been halrfded down to us from "Washington to this
tune, we should in tune of peace prepare for war.
I heard the late General Quitman, of Mississippi,
m a public assembly, acknowledge the fact many
years ago, that, from his knowledge of military
operations, he regarded it as wholly impractica-
ble to march an army to California across the in-
tervening desert and mountains in any large body.
All military men concur 111 this sentiment. Then
I -consider that we are bound to provide for this
road under the war-making power. I consider i^
an imperative duty devolved upon this Govern-
ment since the acquisition of our Territories on
the Pacific. If we mean to do our duty by them,
if we mean fo bold them against any powerful
maritime nation thatmay choose to blockade their
coasts, to oeeup.v those Territories, and to hold
tile-ill until we build up a Navy adequate to com-
pete with thciis, we must provide them a road of
this kind. 1 admit there is one limit to all lmper-
utn i' duties—they must not be earned &o far as to
go beyond the ieHi.urs.es of the country and im-
puvilsh the people; they must not cost so much
as not only to exhaust the Tivasury for the time
being, but look to a perpetual exhaustion of it.
if that would be the case here, the Government
would be absolved upon the ground of necessity,
because of an obstacle beyond the control of the \
legislative authority or the wisdom ol statesman-
ship. Within tbatlimitation, I maintain this Gov-
ernment should provide for a railroad, if it means
to hold its Pacific possessions in the contingency
of a foicign war, and who doubts that it will at
some time arise? It is our boundrn duty to pro-
vide such a road, if it is practicable,limited only
| as I have described,'so that it be not beyond the
| resources of the country.
I have said that I support this measure mainly
, upon the ground of necessity as a wise and ne-
! cessary means for military defense, for the protec-
! tion of our own territory, ami our own people;
' but if I may advert to some of'the arguments
used by gentlemen on the other side of the, ques-
tion, I may say that the postal power may fairly
and plausibly be brought in aid of the war-making
power of the Government; and it was the postal'
power that for some twenty years in this Govern-
ment was relied upon, together with the military
power, to maintain the doctrine that this Govern-
ment had a right to appropriate money for such
puiposes, even within the States. Gentlemen
have said that there is no specific gran t of power
in the Constitution to construct a military road,
and that as there is no such specific power, it is
not given to Congress. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana said, indeed, that a case of neces-
sity might exist when this Government would
have the power, as incident to the war-making
power, to cut a road through a forest in a State,
in order to reach the enemy, when they made a
lodgment at .any point in it. That is in actual
war, flagrante bello. Well, if it exists then, I
would ask the honorable Senator, and those who
adopt his views, whether, with a wise and pru-
dential regard to the future interest and safety of
this country, looking not only to what may come,
but what probably will come, we have not the
power to construct roads to meet an enemy, par-
ticularly at the points where we may be most sure
that one will assail us? How do you discrimi-
nate ? Suppose a war is threatened, and your
diplomatic relations may be considered as threat-
ening? I do not speak of the present time, but I
am putting a case that may exist. We may see
war certain in the distance, within one or two or
( three years. Shall we not be considered as having
the power to provide against the contingencies of
' that war, and put ourselves in an attitude of de-
fense to meet the storm when it does come ? How
can you discriminate between the three years that
may intervene before war is to come when you
anticipate it, and an actual breaking out of a war,
in the construction of the Constitution as to your
power to make a military road? When may we
commence to meet the storm ?
We speak of the cost of transporting muni-
tions of war. Why, sir, even upon our own fron-
tier in the last war with Great Britain, it will ap-
pear that a single piece of cannon sometimes cost
$1,000 to tiaiisport to the place where it was
wanted, and it otteu took ijlOO to transport a bar-
rel of flour, and very often it would not reach the
jiomt where it was wanted until the necessity had
passed away. How much more would be required
to send provisions to California? I would speak,
! however, more particularly of munitions ot war;
for 1 contemplate the probability, or at all events
the possibility, that the people on the western
I slope of the Uocky Mountanis^may be able to
supply themselves with their own bread. I have
already stated the impracticability of furnishing
munitions and stores to a suUicient amount to
meet the emeigency that would exist m time of
war.
Now, what is the postal power? The author-
ity granted by the Constitution >a simply to es-
tablish post offices and post roads—no more, if
you construe it According to the letter. One gen-
tleman says it gives to Congress the power merely
to authorize post offices and post roads. What
is the power we actually exercise.' To carry the
mails by our own agents, under contracts made by
the Government, superintended by our own offi-
cers. The mails die cairied by the agents and
employes of this Government m every fc>tate,aud
no State is allowed the author.ty or jurisdiction
of interrupting or obstructing the passage of ttie
mails in any form. To undertake to do so, is a
penal offense. What, sir, it may be asked, does
the Government of the United States, within the
1 limits of a State, assume jurisdiction and main-
tain its authority to force the mails through? Yes,
sir, it is true; that is the practice of the Govern-
ment. Suppose the States should undertake to
obstruct their own highways, would it not be
competent for Congress, m the execution of its
duties under the postal power, to find a new way,
to bridge streams otherwise impassable? If Con-
gress should conceive that the interests of the Gov-
ernment in distant sections, required the progress
of the mails to be unimpeded, could they not re-
sort to the construction of their own road s ? Have
they not the same power to make it a penal of-
fense to interfere with their own roads, as to in-
terfere with the mails when authorized to be car-
ried upon the roads of the States ? Surely they
would, if such a necessity arose; and yet no such
power is granted specifically by the Constitution.
Again, where is the power to establislvpostof-
fices and post roads, under the Constitution, to be
exercised? Of course within the jurisdiction and
limits of the United States. Whence do we de-
rive the power to vote appropriations for carry-
ing the mails by the Isthmus of Panama, by Nic-
aragua, by the Tehaante'pec route, or by the
Honduras route when that shaH be opened? I
will say nothing of the appropriation to aid in
carrying the mails from this continent to Europe,
or any distant parts of the world; but take the™
communications that are necessary to be kept up
between this portion of the country and Califor-
nia, and where is the specific grant, under the
postal power, to establish mail lines across any
part of the Isthmus formed by the States of Cen-
tral America? You have none. *
Again, Mr. President, where is the specific
grant of power in the Constitution to claim a mo-
nopoly of the business of carrying letters in this
country? Gentlemen suppose they have guarded
themselves m their State-rights doctrines at every
point; and they call upon us to show where is
the specific grant of authority as incident to the
war-making power to construct a military road?
I ask them where they derive the power to make
it an offense against the laws of the United States
to carry letters otherwise than through the regu-
lar mails established by the United States? I
should like some gentleman to point it out to me;
and yet you claim it, and have claimed and exer-
cised itinexorably from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. I should like some rigid State-rights
man to tell me whence you derive that, authority;
and is there anything more latitudinarian in any-
tiling that has been proposed for the construction
of these works ? Nothing within my knowledge.
The authority to establish post offices and post
roads is within the jurisdiction of the TTnited
States. The provision does not extend over for-
eign countries; it is not pretended. Then within
the States, if you have power to establish post
offices, can you not constiuet an office? You
iiave a right to locate the office. There is a lim-
itation to the exercise of all those powers. Y ou
cannot take private property for public use with-
out just compensation. It veqaires no greater
latitudinariauism to claim that this Government
has power not only to appropriate m aid of, but
actually to construct, military roitds, than it does
to contend that it may impose penalties for ob-
structing your mails through the States, and may
punish all infractions of your Jafrs connected with
the post office establishment. To enable a post-
master to fulfill his duties under the laws of Con-
gress, he must have some protection; he must
have a shed, at least; he must have some ground
on which to stand in the exercise of his duties;
and hence the power to provide him an office.
These are the minutiae of that argument; but the
main point is, where do yon find the power to do
anything more than authorize the mails to be car-
ried over certain roads, and authorize certain post
offices to be established> Wheie do you find the_
power to carry that into execution in virtue of
your own laws, by your own appointed officers?
Well, sir, some gentlemen have said, I believe,
that but fui their respect for the friends of this
bill, they would say it was ridiculous for itsadvo-
cates to pretend to place it on the plea of military
. necessity, or of political necessity, or on ^tho
I ground that it was a necessary_n<eans of holding
: these two sections of the continent together by
1 constructing such highways and rail reacts as were
l| calculated to maintain amicable rotations, good
neighborhood, social intercourse, commercial in-
tercourse, and political connection and confed-
eracy.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana, has not
, made himself obnoxious to criticism in his argu-
i rnents m that respect, though I think he has
i justly in reference to the exercise of the postal
power of the country; but his colleague, [Mr.
; Seidell,] m his learned and able report upon the
! subject of the acquisition of Cuba, urged that
