1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
work at a reduction of twenty percent, from the
previous rates.
It seems, however, that the last Congress saw
fit to retrench, as it was very proper that they
should retrench, in the publication of books. Be-
fore the adjournment, if I am not mistaken, one
of these binders approached me and said, the con-
tract was a losing one, and that he could not per-
form the labor for the money. I told him if he
could not, he might abandon the contract; that I
did not profess to understand all the ramifications
of the subject; but that, if the contract was not a
profitable one, there had been a great delusion
throughout the country. Everybody believed
that the former contractor, who received twenty
per centum more, had made inordinate profits.
Whether that be true or not, 1 do not know; cer-
tainly, he was very willing to retain the contract;
but he had had it for four years, and these gen-
tlemen were regarded as good binders, well qual-
ified to perform the service, and a majority of the
committeeselected them. If the compensation is
not remunerative, why should the matter be
pressed now at this called session, and in this
hurried manner?
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment'1
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Certainly.
rupt him lor a t
r. FITZPATR
Mr. MASON. With the Senator's permission
I will move to lay the resolution on the table. We
know what it is necessary for us to do in execu-
tive session, and there is really hardly time to do
it, but I will not take the floor from the Senator
from Alabama, unless lie assents.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I yield. I only wanted
to give the reasons why I did not think it proper
to interfere with this subject now. Let the ap-
propriation be made at a regular session, when
we shall have time to investigate u.
Mr. MASON. I move to lay the resolution on
the table, with a view to going into an executive
session.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I think it is grossly unjust to these parties to treat
them in Ifcis way.
Mr. BIGLEII. Is not the motion to go into
executive session in order, without laying this
resolution on the table ?
Mr. MASON. 1 should have moved an exec-
utive session, but 1 thought we niubt first dispose
of this business. I therefore move that it lie on
the table.
The yeas find nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesuited—yeas 4'2, nays ;>; as follows:
YIHS-M^rs. Anthony, Biyler, Bingham. Bragg, ftrod-
erick, Chnmilei. Clay, ('Imgman, Collaim-r, Ciitteiiden,
Jfrixon, Doohtth', Douglas,, Duikeo, Fessenden, Pitapat
rick, Fool, Foster, Green, Guinea, Gvviu, Hale, Hammond,
Harlan, Huiuor, Johnson or Arkansas, Johnson oi Tutme*-
t oe, Kennedy, Mnllory, Mason, NiehoUon, Polk, Powell,
Kice, SauMmiy, Sebastian, Seward, Simmon*, Tiumbnll,
Wade, Ward, and Wilson—49.
NAYS—IVIuasrs. Blight, Biown, Fitch, iverson, and
Lain;—5.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
ROOMS IN THE CAPITOL..
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business,
Mr. HALE. I hope tin: Senator will let me
introduce a resolution for the government of the
building,
Mr. MASON. I will not object to Senators
offering resolutions, provided they will agree that,
if debate arises, they shall go over.
Mr. HALE. I think there will be no debate;
I wish merely to make a short statement. 1 sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, A-. the sense of the Senate, that no room in
that half of tiic Capitol u-^igned to the Henate, and under
the direction ol the Vice President, ougln to be occupied
for any purpose not connected with the appropriate duties
of the Senate, or the Supreme Comt, or Court ot Claims.
I simply wish to say that miicc we have come
into the new building, applications have been
made for rooms for various purposes. This res-
olution is not intended as any curtailment of the
Vice President's prerogative, for I have conferred
with him, and he is desirous that the Senate
should pass it. There are a great many applica-
tions for permission to use rooms for particular
purposes.
Mr. BRIGEIT. I object to the consideration
of the lesolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must go
over.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BRODERICIC presented the petition of
citizens of Brooklyn, New York, praying the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph to connect
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the United
States; which was ordered to lie on the table.
GOVERNOR STEVENS'S REPORT.
Mr. LANE. I submit a resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the u?e of the Senate,
the same nuinhci of extra copies ol Governor Stevens's final
report and narrative, as have been printed of the other re-
ports, the usual number having been ordered.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie o"ver.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over, objection being made to its consideration.
BAR FOR THE SENATE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed to conjunct, duiing the leeess of Con re«s,
a bar outside of the third mw of defkg, no as to pipveni the
intrusion of persons admitted to the floor of the Senate,
within the space allotted to the seat-, ot Senators.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after several hours spent therein, the doors
were reopened; and,on motion of Mr. MASON,
the Senate adjourned until to-monow at eleven
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 8, 1859.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEMORIAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
Buchanan county, Nebraska Territory, protest-
ing against the annexation of any part of that
Territory to the Territory of Kansas; which was
referred .to the Committee on Territories.
ROOMS IN THE CAPITOL.
Mr. IIALE. J offered a resolution yesterday,
which hud over one day under the rules. It re-
lates to the management of the Capitol, and I
move that ir be taken up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I object to taking up the res-
olution. It will lead to discussion if it is taken
up, and the Senator insists on passing it. It is a
resolution forbidding the use of looms in the old
Capitol for any other than certain purposes.
There are some of the rooms that have been used,
by permission of the .Presiding1 Officer of this
body, for purposes that cannot be complained of;
a source of convenience to the gentlemen who
have them, and no prejudice to the public. I see
no necessity for taking up the resolution.
Mr. HALE. J want simply to state why the
Senate ought to take up this resolution, and dis-
pose of it, to say the least. I am not going to dis-
cuss its merits, as the Senator from Indiana, it
seems to me, has done We have just entered into
the new part of the Capitol. Applications will be
constantly made to occupy it for this tli-ng and
for that; and these people come and get signatures
of Senators, and then bother the Vice President,
and the Vice President can haidly decline acced-
ing to the requests of Senatois,and we shall have
the Capitol fitted up with all sons of aitists, paint-
ers, sculptors, quack doctors, &c. 1 understand
there is application now to establish an electro-
magnetic steam bath here, [laughter,J and then
I we shall have hydropaihs and homeopaths, and
| everything under the heavens. If we admit ono
doctor we shall have to admit another, and it will
be a sort of quack medicine empouum for the
country, unless the Senate interpose. 1 think, when
the Government have built a Capitol, it should be
used as a Capitoi, and not as a steam engine for
curing invalids all ovei the country. I hope the
Senate will take up the resolution, and dispose
of it.
Mr. PITCH. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is correct m his statement, that any room in
the old part of the Capitol has been assigned to
doctors at all, of course, I shall insist on their
being assigned to the regularprofession. [Laugh-
i
| Mr. HALE. Of course. The very difficulty
! I anticipated is coming up now.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe, on reflection,! will
not object to taking up the resolution; but I shall
ask its reference to the Committee on Public Build-
ings. We shall, perhaps, have time to make a
report, and rearrange the rooms of the building, '
wnich I think ought to be done.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. HALE. I should have no objection to
that, but I bolieve the honorable Senator from
Indiana is on that committee, and he having ex-
pressed an opinion adverse to the resolution, I do
not like to put my hand into the lion's mouth
when he opens his mouth and asks me in. [Laugh-
ter.] The Senator has avowed his opposition to
the measure, and then asks that it be referred to
him. I think it is a proposition which is plain'
in itself, and that the Senate are competent to de-
cide it. I do not know any of these people, but
it would be annoying to me to have them here.
If one comes another must. I hope the Senate
will take a vote upon it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I apprehend the committee
will do thegentleman's resolution justice. I think
he is not sincere in saying the committee will not
make a fair report in the ease. Does the Senator
wish to exclude the keepers of restaurants here?
There are several persons who have used the
rooms that will be excluded by the Senator's res-
olution, and it will cause great inconvenience. If
the Senator will refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Ground^, we shall
try to do something like justice.
Mr. MASON. If there is to beany further
debate, I must ask that the resolution go over.
Mr. HALE. Let it be refeired.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBUL^. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion, for the present. I desire
to make a few remarks m regard to a personal
matter that I think the attention of the Senate
ought to be called to before we go into executive
business.
Mr. MASON. If it is a matter affecting the
Senator himself, I will certainly give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it affects all of us.
Mr. MASON. 1 cannot consent to give way
for that. Anything that affects the Senator who
asks permission, I will certainly yield to. If it
affects the Senate generally, I cannot do it.
The motion of Mr. Mason was not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 observe
in the Washington Union, of this morning, an ar-
ticle which is headed: "A statement of the facts,"
which relates to the proceedings of this body on
the last day or two of the late session, upon the
Post OiTice appropriation bill; and in the same
paper is published a letter from Senator Cling-
man, purporting to give an account of those pro-
ceedings 
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator will allow me a
moment. 1 see that the honorable Senator to
whom the gentleman is referring is absent, and I
suggest that he should be present if the Senator
intends to make a personal attack on him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not intend to make
any personal attack. I intended, howevei, to
comment on this letter, but I will abstain if the
Senatoi fiom North Carolina is absent.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I renew the motion for an ex-
ecutive session.
The motion was ngrecd to; and after five hours
spent, m the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and, on motion ofMr.
COLLAMER, the Senate adjourned until to-mor-
row at ten o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 9, 1859.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information respecting the employment
