606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
measure on the ground of political necessity; and
I believe I may say that the honorable Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] went far beyond the
proposition as laid down by the Senator from
Louisiana. On what ground does he place the
demand for $30,000,000 for the acquisition of
Cuba? Upon the ground of political and mili-
tary necessity. The argument always put by
gentlemen who advocate that measuie is this: it
is a measure of necessity; Cuba is the key to the
Gulf of Mexico; it is in such a position that in
the hands of an enemy it would command or ob-
struct the commerce of the Mississippi, whetherit
descends the Mississippi river or its tributaries, or
the waters which pour into Mobile bay. It is in
a position which may obstruct the whole foreign
exportation of the produce of the great and
wealthy valley of the Mississippi. Therefore, it
rs not only a political necessity upon which that
measure ia based, but a commercial necessity also.
The honorable Senator from Georgia attempted
to describe that necessity the other day, and he
did it in such glowing colors, that it seemed al-
most irresistible to the minds of his hearers for
the moment. lie said that it was indispensable
to the enlargement of the commercial resources
of this country; and his imagination carried him
under the same plea of commercial and political
necessity, (and ne might have said military ne-
cessity, for he incoi porated m poitions of his ar-
gument suggestions on all these points,) to the
conclusion that we should have the whole of the
Antilles, and every island in the Caribbean sea,
and he hoped the time would come when not a
foreign flag should wave lawfully within those
"waters, and the United States would cause it to
be respected as a mare cUnisum. lie spoke of
those tropical regions as gi owing products which
were exchangeable and always desnable as ex-
changes for our own. lie curried that commer-
cial necessity still further. lie invoked the cu-
pidity and avarice of our commercial interest. FTe
attempted to show that the riches of the got ^eous
East were all fabulous in respect 10 the generally
and commonly entertained notion of the sources
of wealth derived by those nations which rose to
empire when enjoying the commeice of the East.
It was not their gems, their myrrh, their spices,
their incense, or their ivory, or what not; it was
theirsugar that constituted the foundation of their
wealth, accoiding to the honorable Senator from
Geoigia; it wns the large profits derived fioni the
carrying trade oftho heavy, bulky article of sugar,
that constituted the wealth so much boasted of,
and which may almost be considered fabulous m
the early period of Hie histoiy of the connection
of Europe with the East Indies. He proclaims
that we have the Indies now at our feet; that they
belong, by natural position, to us; that they be-
long, by the ojdinaiy laws of trade, to anv com-
mercial people that has tin' power and lesourees
to assert, wh.it natutah'y attaches to them by jux-
taposition and 1<k all! y; <uid 'h.it w e ought to have
all the islands of the West lndua. Is not that a
plea of necessity under the commercial power?
And yet the advocates of this lull aie denounced
on the ground that commercial advantages really
constitute the main ivgument in favoi of the con-
struction of this road, and that the idea of mih-
taiy necessity is all a pieten^e; that it is tiade
and commerce, and not mibiaiy defense that we
are looking at.
The Inviolable Senator fioin Georgia did not
fail to ndvei i to the necessity of possessing Cuba
upon the ground of its necessity to our military
defense also. When is the critical time to come
when we may exercise such a power under the
pit a of mifuuiy necessity? Not now. Nobody
pretends that we are at war with Spam now, or
with England and France, who are understood to
have guaranti; d the possession of Cuba to Spam;
but gentlemen think it likely, or possible, that
war will break out, or that \\u shall pome day be
involved in Vvtir. Whatis thai but the argument
urged by the honorable Senator I, om Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] and other advocates of the Pacific
laiiroad? Gentlemen surely forget them.reives.
The honorable Senator from Georgia is one of the
sternest opponents of this measure, on the ground
of the want of constitutional power, and the want
of necessity. lie says these people wilt be able
to detend themselves. In process of time, they
may. The arguments urged and relied upon by
the advocates of a Pacific railroad do net differ
from those which he used in rega/d to Cuba, ex-
cept that they are more confined to the military
power than to' the commercial power. The ac-
quisition of Cuba is urged as a political inevitable
necessity, as one we cannot disregard. It must
come to the United States, and constitute a p&rt
of the great American empire, it is said. So we
may say that we must hold the slope of the Rocky
Mountains on the Pacific ocean. That is a polit-
ical necessity. It may be considered, too, as a
military necessity with the same propriety and
plausibility that the acquisition of Cuba can be
urged under the plea that it is necessary for the fu-
ture and secure defense of the people of the United
States.
It has been said that my proposition effects
nothing; that it will require Congress again to
go over the same old ground, and that we have
now before us all the information that is neces-
sary to act. It is said that $1,000,000 have been
appropriated for the purpose of making the ex-
plorations of the different routes to the Pacific
ocean, so as to get the aeeessary information. T
stated in my remarks when I offered my amend-
ment, that 1 supposed the cost of those exploia-
tions had been about half a million dollars; but
whatever it has been, the result has been to give
to the country a volume of information with re-
gard to the topography of that vast region, which
we have iccently uudeitaken to settle and pass
over; a volume of scientific knowledge piepared
by experienced and skillful and learned engineers,
woith to the country, independently of its con-
nection with the construction of this road, prob-
ably every dollar that it has cost. I am not cer-
tain that every part of the continent has yet been
explored with that minuteness of scientific ob-
servation which it deserves; but if the explora-
tions already made have demonstrated, as some
contend they have, the impracticability of such a
load as this, that fact is of importance to us.
The information is laid before us; we judg* of
the practicability of the road from the tistimony
alfoi ded by the.se able and skillful, and, 1 may
add, faithful engineers, for no peison questions
the candor and fidelity of their reports. If they
have demonstrated the nnpiacticability of such a
load, it is worth the money. If the)* have shown
that any road we aie to build is to cost hundreds
of millions of dollars, it is worth half a million
to ascertain that fact m advance, before we un-
dertake the construction of such a work. For
myself, howevei, I give my suppoit to some
measure of this description, on the theory, or the
presump! ion, or the probability, afforded by these
j very explorations, that one or more routes from
i the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean are
| practicable. 1 have never supposed they could
| be construct* d without considerable cost. The
I enterprise is a great and gigantj" one; and I think
| it will take moie money than is pioposed either
j in the oiiguial bill, or in any amendment that
I has been offend to it; but 1 may be deceived in
| that. *
| I propose to get clear of most of the objections
! whieh have hem; taken, except the constitutional
| question; and I hnv- provided ngamstthat, as far
: as practicable, in offemig the amendment which I
i presented. Itaulhonzis the Secretary of the ln-
! tenor to advertise a sufficient length of time m
! the newspapers printed in each State of the Union
; and at the seat of Government, for proposals,
'giving notice to capitalists, private individuals,
| associations of persons, oi companies, who may
| have authoiity, from the States m which thevie-
: side, to act in a corporate capacity. Let them
' have the full benefit of the explotations which
have been made of the different loutes at tins vast
' cost. That has been done at the expense of the
: Government; it is past. Whatever may be the
: result, I have already said 1 consider them worth
1 every cent that has been spent. These individ-
[ uals, associations, or companies, mayconsuit not
j only the reports of the engineeis, buf, have the
, benefit of their coumj.l, and fuithci, a more nu-
; nutc information lha.i they could crowd into their
; official reports.
i Aiiy .man whs is disposed to embark in such
[ an enterprise, can take the three lines and make
j separate bids on each; companies or associations
i of individuals may make bids on three several
| lines of communication from the western bound-
i anes of the States in the valley of the Mississippi
I to San Francisco, or to Puget Sound, or to San
Diego; and separate bids for the line through the
Territories, so as to avoid the question of mterfer
ing with the jurisdiction of the State of California.
I provide for bids on three routes—one northern,
one central, and one southern—and that the pro-
posals shall be reported to the next session of
Congress. As the original bill now stands, if we
pass it, and the offers that are made are accepted,
it still postpones the decision until the next Con-
gress.
My proposition is to invite capitalists to bid
upon each of the three several routes, stating what
quantity of land, what amount in money, whether
in the shape of a loan, to be repaid to your Treas-
ury, or otherwise, they will require; for what
length of time they would claim the privilege, un-
der whatever bids they may make to the Govern-
ment, to have the exclusive control and adminis-
tration of the road; to make their several estimates
in respect to that point; and when they are sub-
mitted to Congress, wc shall have before us at
the next session of Congress better and more re-
liable information as to what we ought to do, than
we can haw under any bill that we propose to
pass now.
If the northern route, as the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] supposes, be
the cheapest and shortest route of all, that will
be the line which Congress will adopt for the con-
struction of a railroad, if they think proper to
adopt any one under this proposition. If the cen-
tral route shall prove to be the most practicable,
or practicable at all, even though it might be at a
greater cost than the northern road, it may be the
pleasure of Congress, acting upon high national
principles, acting upon what we profess to be our
' object m establishing a communication that will
i answer commercial purposes at the same time
that it constitutes an essential work of military
■ defense, to take the central route in preference to
the northern one. They may be willing to give
| many millions more foi such a road as that than
i they would for a northern road. So if the south-
i crn route should appear on the whole to be the
: cheapest and most practicable, and the one on
, which the road may be constructed in the shortest
| time, then it will be m the discretion of Congress
! to say the road shall be constructed there.
| When I offered this proposition I distinctly
1 stated that I did not propose, nor did I suppose it
i at all probable, that Congress, within any reason-
| able period from this time, would undertake the
| construction of three roads, but 1 did not exclude
| the possibility of Congress, in their discretion,
' agreeing to do such a thing. I did, however,
! throw out the idea that, considering the different
j sectional interests, the vast extent of our States
! and Territories, it was scarcely to be expected
i that any one road would be voted, but th$t prob-
> ab!y, if Congress undertook to construct one,
they would have to construct two. The sectional
differences form what I fear to be insuperable diffi-
. culties m the way of a majority of Congress ever
concuinng in the idea of making one road on the
extreme southern or the extreme northern bound-
ary. I think that these two extremes would not
1 agiee to have only one road, and they would
probably settle down on two roads to bring these
two opposite divisions of the continent together.
j^WJiat they will cost 1 have no conception. If
bids shall be made within such bounds as the
Congress of the United States think will make it
expedient in reference to the gieat object for
; which a road is desired, to accept the bids and to
enter upon the construction of either one or two
■ roads, then they will do it. I3ut suppose the bids
ar-"1 so extravagant m amount that Congress can-
not think of it, and they conclude it will be bet-
ter to undertake the construction of it by the Gov-
1 ernraent itself, or they may have such lights
thrown on the subject as to showitisan lmpracti-
K cable undertaking: then they will have nothing to
do with it. Suppose there shall be no bids that
1 are reasonable and come within the scope of the
[ presumed resources of this country, so as tojus-
| tify Congress in undertaking the construction of
■ such a work: what then? We are thrown upon
' the dilemma of either doing without such a ne-
; cess.iry work, as some of us conceive it to be, or
' of constructing^ with our own resources, at a
cost which we may regard as much less than the
cost that would be exacted from us if we accepted
the bid o£any private company.
In this way we are advancing a step to the final
