1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
coast of Africa; the number of deaths of "officers and men
wlulj-t in said service, and the whole number of Africans
recaptured and restored.
Mr. GREEN. I object to the consideration of
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE. I ask for the consideration of a
resolution which I introduced the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
pending before the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. These resolu-
tions have been received by unanimous consent.
The question is on the motion to go into execu-
tive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that point, I dislike
exceedingly to have to take up time; but really,
it seems to me, that that is out of order; and, if
the Chair decides that it is in order to make that
motion while I have the floor, I shall be con-
strained to appeal from that decision, and upon
this ground: I had the floor; a question of order
was raised upon me; that question of order is not
yet decided; it is pending before the Senate; and
whilst that question of oider is pending, a motion
is made to go into executive session, and I am
deprived of the floor. It is just as bad as if the
question of order was decided against me. I had
the floor. The Senator from Florida could not
get the floor for the purpose of making his motion
to go into executive session while I had it. I could
have gone on; and now I am prevented from going
on, because a motion is interposed for an execu-
tive session. How can the Senator from Florida
get the floor for that purpose ? He can certainly
get the floor for the purpose of calling me to otder,
because he has the right to arrest me in my re-
marks; any Senator has that right; but lias he a
riirht, when he arresis me m my remarks for the
purpose of calling me to order, to make a morion
that takes the floor away from me r 1 submit he
cannot do that.
Mr. MALLORY. That was not done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Florida
did not arrest me to call me to ordei; but another
Senator did arrest me to call me to order. When
a Senator arrests me to call me to oider, and in
that way gets the floor from me, it makes no dif-
ference wh'etherthe Senator who stops mc, or the
Senator from Florida, makes the motion. Here
the question of order is pending, and 1 have the
right to go on unless 1 am ruled to be out of or-
der. I have not yet been decided to be out of order;
and that bein^ the case, it seems to me that it is
not in order for the Senator fiom Florida to make
this motion to go into executive session and cut.,
me off from the ris;ht of the lloor, and of which I
could not have been depuvud in any other way
than by raising the quotum of order upon me.
The Senatoi from Florida could not have got the
floor; I would not have yielded the floor for a
motion to go into executive session; I would not
have yielded the floor at all; but it was taken
from me on a question of older. It is true, I did
yield it yesterday at a suggestion from a gentle-
man who will not now allow me to make a state- ;
ment; and I am surprised that the Senator from !
North Catolma dues not come to my relief and i
insist that I shall be allowed to make a statement !
in regaid to the publication which lie has put j
forth. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will j
suggest to the Senator from Illinois that this is j
beyond a statement of the question of order which !
the Chair wili dec.ule. Ii occurred to the Chan at ;
first, that the position taken by the Senator from ;
Illinois might be correct, and he suggested the
point to the Senate. He has been reflecting on ,
it since, however, and thinks it is not sound, j
The Senator from Illinois took the floor; the ;
question of order was laised; the Chair submit-
ted that question to the Senate; it became debat- !
able; one Senator after another spoke upon it;
the Senator fiom Floiida regularly took the floor,
and moved that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business. He might have
moved that the Senate adjourn, or make any other
motion ot a similar character. The debate might
go on upon the question of order for a whole day.
The Cnair thinks that the motion of the Senator
from Florida is in order. Does the Senator from
Illinois appeal ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I will not insist ;
upon an appeal. I know there is a majority here j
that can prevent me from going on if they choose.
The question may be put on the motion; but 1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Meo«r«. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
(rwm. Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, MalJory, Mason, Nicholson,
PoweH, Rice, Saulsbury,  Seba=tian, and Ward—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Colla-
mer, Doohttle,Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, King, Seward,
Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wiloon—15.
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and, after three hours spent
therein, the doors were reopened.
CHOCTAW LANDS.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolutions,
reported by him from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, on the 15th of February:
Whereas the eleventh article of the treaty of June 22,
1855, with the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indian* provides
that the following questions be submitted for decision to the
Senate of the United States:
" Flist, whether the Choctaws are entitled to, or shall be
allowed, the proceeds of the sale of the land? ceded by them
to the United States by the treaty of September 27, ]830,
deducting therefrom the co«ts of their survey and sale, and
all jn-Ntdiid piopei expenditures, and payments under the
provisions of satd tieaty; and, if so, what price per acre
shall be allowed to the Choctaws for the lands remaining
unsold, in order that a final settlement with them may be
pioiriptly effected ? or
u Second, whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum, m fuither and full satisfaction of all their claims, na-
tional and individual, against the United States; and, if so,
how much
Resolved, That the Choctaws he allowed the proceeds of
the sale ot such lands as had been sold by the United States,
on the day of , deducting theiefiom the cost of
survey and sale, and ail proper expenditures and payment1?
under said treaty, estimating all the reservations allowed
and secured, or the senp issued in lieu of reservations, at
the rate of ^1 25 per acre; and, further, that it is the judg-
ment of the Senate that the lands remaining unsold after
*aid penod are worth nothing, alter deducting expenses of
sale.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause an ac-
count to he stated with the Choctaws, showing what amount
is due them, accoiding to the above-prescribed principles of
settlement, and repoit the same to Congress.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to amend the first
resolution, by striking out the words u estimating
all," before the words " the reservations allowed
and secured," and inserting the word "exclu-
ding." I propose also, to strike out the word
"or,"before the words, " the scrip issued in lieu
of reservations," and insert the words, " and es-
timating." I move further, to strike out all of the
last part of the resolution," after the word " fur-
ther," and insert in lieu thereof, "that they be
also allowed twelve and a half cents per acre for
the residue of said lands."
The resolution, so amended, will read thus:
Resohctl, That the Choctaws be allowed the pioceeds of
the sale of such land-, as have been void by the Tinned States
on the 1st day of January last, deducting therH'ioin the costs
of their survey and safe, and all piopcr expenditures and
pavment< undei said tieaty; excluding the leseivations al-
lowed and secured, and estimating the scrip issued in heu
ol rcvei vations at the late ot $1 25 per acre ; and further,
that they he aho allowed twelve and a half cents pet acie
for the ie-uiue of--aid lands.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. KING-. I should like to know what
amount is to be paid, and under what treaty or
arrangement? ft is a very late period to take up
these matters, and that is just the way the worst
jegislntion is done. We ought to know something
about it before we adopt the resolution.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will say to the Senator
it is not a matter of legislation at all, because it
becomes final and complete on the action of the
Senate alone. The Senate fs constituted, by the
treaty between the Choctaws and the United
Stales, the umpire or arbitrator, to determine a
disputed question between them; and that was as
to what was the true interpretation of the treaty
of 1830, about which they have always disputed
since, the Choctaws claiming that they were en-
titled to the net proceeds of the sales of the land,
and the Indian office holding rather the contrary
opinion. The result was, that they have referred
that question to us to decide, and if we are of
opinion that they are not untitled to the net pro-
ceeds, then we are to say whether that or any
other lound sum ought to be allowed them as
compensation or indemnity for the notorious and
admitted violations of the treaty by the United
States. It is a large subject, and is fully elabor-
ated in the report of the committee. It proceeds
upon the ground which, I believe, is not disputed,
that the "Indians obtained scarcely anything of
the benefits of the treaty for the final cession of
their lands to the United States in the State of
Mississippi, The occupation of the country by
the white people destroyed it by preoccupying all
the reservations that were allowed to them-; and
in view of the many difficulties which surround
the subject now, the difficulty of ascertaining:
what is the true amount of indemnity to which
they are entitled, and the fact that the treaty Has
been notoriously and flagrantly violated, scarcely
one of its provisions carried out, the committee,
under all the circumstances, have come to the
conclusion to adopt, as the most just and equita-
ble mode of adjustment, the giving to them the
net proceeds of the sales of their lands, after
charging them with all the costs of survey and
sale, and all the payments of every description or
kind made under the treaty. That, I will say to
the Senate, is probably what the treaty meant;
and while it takes from the United States nothing
at all that they have, it will give a measure of jus-
tice to the Choctaws, with which, as a dernier re-
sort, in the absence of anything1 better, they will
be satisfied. This is a brief skeleton explanation.
Mr. KING. Does any money go out of the
Treasury to meet these payments? Have the
lands been sold, and has tne money gone into the
Treasury ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The lands have been sold,
and the money has gone into the Treasury. It
has to go out either by being declared a trust fund
for the Choctaws, or to pay for a large number
of claims, whose name is legion, and the justice
of which is not controverted.
Mr. KING. About what is the amount to be
paid ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is almost impossible to
arrive atA correct conclusion as to the real amount
to which t>hey are entitled. It is very large, and
the amount this resolution will give them is far
below what they are entitled to, in the opinion of
the committee.
Mr. KING. Will it give them $1,000,000, or
what sum ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 think when the account
is stated, it will be between eight hundred thou-
sand anda million dollars. We got a large amount
of land for nothing.
Mr. KING. Itis a pretty large sum to be Voted
in this way.
The resolutions were adopted.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
Mr. RICE. I move that a committee of two
bo appointed to wait on the President of the Uni-
ted States, and inform him that, unless he has fur-
ther communication to make, the Senate is ready
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Rice and
Mr. Chandler were appointed the committee.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of War, in relation to Sharpe's
rifle carbine, reported m favor of printing; and
the report was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PITCH, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secreuiy of the Senate
and Uleik of the IloubC ot Representatives, communicating
a copy of the coxitiact with Gales St Seaton /or the publica-
tion and continuation of the American State Papers?, and
showing the progress made in the execution of that work,
be printed.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Vice President having
retired from the chair, it becomes necessary, in
conformity with past usage, to make an order
appointing a President pro tempore. I move the
adoption of the following i evolution:
Resolved, That, in the ab>encc of the Vice President, the
Hon Henjamin Fitzp 4.trick be,, and he is hereby, cho^n
President pio tempore ol the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown in
the chair.) The Chair hears no objection to the
present consideiaiion of the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to ?tem. con.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie> on taking the
chair, said: I beg leave to tender my regards to
the Senate for tins new evidence of confidence
and respect.
