THE CONGKESSIOXAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGXOx% D,
Thirty-Fifth Congress, Sp Session..
FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1859.
New Series...,.No,. 39..
southern road, to some suitable point on thk southern
boundary of the State of California.
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That all proposals
sha!,! be sealed and addressed to* the Secretary of the In-
terior, who ,shal.l, previously io the commencement of the
first regular session of, die next Consrcss, op™ the same in
the presence of the ether heads of Departments, and shall
transmit copies of the same to the two Houses of Congress
as soon as organized; tlje originals to leinain on file m the
Department of the Interior.
Sec. —. *#«</ be it further enacted, That the sum of 
dollars be, and the same is hereby, apptopiiated.outof any
money in the Treasuiy not otherwise appiopri&ted, to en-
able the Secretaiy of the Interior to cany the provi*.ions of
this act into effect.
Mr. GWIN. I simply call for the yeas and
nays on the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bell,-Benjamin, Crittenden, Davis,
Dixon, DooUulc, Fe^sendui, Houston, Mason, Pearce, Se-
bastian, Shield?., Simmons, Sruart, Thomson of'New Jci-
sey, ard WaM-r-16.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Croderick,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Chesnut, Clark, Chngman,
Fuzpatnck, Foster, Giecn,Gwin, Hale. Hammond, Harlan,
Johnson of Tennessee. Jones, Polk, Reid, liice^ Seward,
Slide!), Tiunibrtll, and Yulee—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I now offer my substitute. I will
gay to the Senate that there have been a few ver-
bal amendments made, a few immaterial changes
since it was printed. It is to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert:
That the President he, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause the public land;., to the extent of forty
miles on each hide of the ioim-5 hereinafter mentioned, to
bo surveyed, and the Indian title thereto to he extinguished
as fcoou as piacticahle. And upon the payment of live
cents per acre, all perrons entitled to the pteeniption law*,
who have or may .=rttle upon any of the lands within the
limits above mentioned, (excepting those heiein set apart
and appiopnated loi the u.se of said roads and for other 1
purposes.,) t=liali b" ermtieJ to the provisions of the act of
1S11, j rji.tins preemption right5, and the acts amendatory
thereof.
Sicr. 2. Jlfd be it further enacted. That there be, and
hcicby i-, planted to the States and Terntories tnat aie or
may be toimed upon the lines of the Herein mentioned
loads, for tin* pumo-e of aiding in the eou^miction of lail-
roads to the Paeiiic trom the mouth of j?ioux: Wood rivei,
on the wGctmn holder oj Minnesota, io Pupet Sound, with
a htaneh io tne navigable vvatei->oi' the Columbia; from
the moutu* of tlo Kansas and Platte rivet?, uniting at a
point <it or ea^t of sh;: one hundred and thud degree of longi-
tude, to Son Fiancu>eo; ab-o, fiom the southeast corner of
New Mexico to ^an Pedro oi Sun Diego to the bay of San
Fiance^'; eveiy alternate section of laud designated by
odd numbers f<n sixteen rectum-* m width on each side of
paid roads and tranche?.; but in ease it shall appj'ai that the
United States have, wh<-n the hne< or routes of said roads
and bianehes aie delmiteiy fixed, sold any sections oi pans
or ofA'tions granud as afore>aul. or that the right of pie-
empJion has a'tached to the same, then it shall be lawful
foi any arrent or arzent1-, to be appointed by the Goveinois
of said States or Territories, to select, subject tothe ap-
pioval of the Secietary of the Interior, hom the lands of the
United States nearest to the tiois of sections above speci-
fied, >«o much laud in alternate sections or patw of s< luous
as Fhall be equal to such lands as tne United States have
eoid or otuerwise appropriated, or to which the rights of
preemption have attached as atoresaid; which lands (<hus
selicUd ni hou of tl.o^e «old, and to which picunption
lij-hta have attached, as afoie^aid, together with the sec-
tions or parts of sections designated by odd numbers as
ju.ireMi.l, ar.d app^opuated as aloresaid) shall be held by
the sani flap's- or Territories, respectively, lor the uses am!
puipo&fs afoiesaid: Provided, Thatthe laud to be so located
shall in no co-e be Anther than twenty miles from the lines
of :>aid load- or branches, and selected for and on account
of each ofsp d roads or bianehes: Providtd further. That
the Ui mis hereby granted lor and on account of said roids
and branches scvmlly, '•hall be e.xeliwvdy applied in the
eon.-! Mi! i ni of that road for amT'o.. account ot which such
!pih1- are heiehv gianted, and shall be di.-pof-ed of only as
the work piogfesses, and the same shall be applied to no
other purpo-e svhdUoevei: Jlnd provided further^ Phatany
and all land-* heretofore reserved to the United States by
any act of Oonsness or in any other niannei by competent
authontv. for the pm pose of aiding in any object of internal
improvement, or for anv other purpose whatever, he, and
ihe surifi are heiehy, reserved to The United State-: liom the
operation of tins aet,'except so far a* it may be tound ne-
oe'-^ary to locate the mutes of ^aid laihoad-* and branches
tlnough -ueh reserved linds. in which ease the right of way
only shall he granted, subject to the approval ot the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Stc. 0. Jlnd he it Jui (her enacted. That the lands hereby
set apart to aid in the construction of said loads and to en-
courage settlement along said loutes, shall be located as fol-
lows : those for the northern route shall be north of the forty-
third parallel; thoic for the center route shall be located
ietween the thirty-seventh and forty-third parallels; and
those for the southern route shall be'located south of the
thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude. "
. Sec. 4. Jlnd, be U further enacted, That the said lands
heieby granted to the said States or Territories shail be
subject to the future disposal of the Legislatures thereof, re-
spectively, for the purposes herein expressed., and no other.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the land hereby
granted to said States or Territories shall be disposed of by
s.aid States or Territories in the manner following, that is to
say: that a quantity of land not exceeding two hundied
sections for each of said roads and branches, and included
within a continuous length of twenty miles each of said
road-* and branches, may be, sold; and when the Governors
of said States or Territories, respectively, shall certify to
the Secretary of the Interior that any twenty continuous
miles of anyt of said roads or branches is completed, then
another qua'ntity of land hereby granted, not to exceed
two hundred sections for each of said roads and brauches,
having twenty continuous miles completed, as aforesaid,
and included within a continuous length of twenty miles
of each ot said roads or branches, may be sold, and sofroni
time to time, until said roads and branches are completed;
and if any of said roads or brandies is not completed within
twenty years, no further sales shall be made, and the lands
unsold shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 6. Jindbeit fmtker enacted, That in any case where
the passengers and freight shall be greater than the tinns-
portmg capacity of the roads and branchy, the Government
shall have priority of right for all purposes of transportation.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it Jurtker enacted, That the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth section^, within the boundaries heretofore
named, shall be set apart and reserved for school gurposes,
whioh shall be exclusively applied for said purposes, and
no other: Provided, That this clause shall not apply to the
States and Territories where the said sections have hereto-
fore been set apart by any former ael or acts.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the substitute. ["No!" "No!'*] I withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHIELDS. Task for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 29; as follows:
YJ3AH —Messrs. Bright, Collamer, Doolutle, Green,
Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, M;i-<ni, liiee, Sebastian,
Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Wade, and Ward—14.
NAYS—Mctsrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Biod-
ericK, Brown, Cameron, Cltantiler, Cliesnnt, Clailt, Cim;;-
man, Dixon, Fe&^enden, Fiteli, Filzpati iek, Foot^Fo/ter,
Gvvin, Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, Ivenon, Jones, Kiny,
Polk, Reid, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey, and Trum-
bull—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. Now I believe the amendments
are all over. I wish it understood that we are to
have a test vote at one o'clock to-morrow, and
then I shall move an adjournment. [" Vote
now.'H
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from California allow me to make an in-
quiry of tiie Chair, and that is, whether the
amendment which T offered some days since, pro-
viding that the contracts, before taking effect, shall
come°to Congress To be approved by| act or joint
resolution, -was offered in Committee of the
Whole, or in the Senate; and whether it is in the
bill as it now (stands ?
Mr. GWIN, It is now in the bill.
The PR ES mi ATI OFFICER. The Senator
, from California is probably correct as to that
i fact. The Chair will answer the other question.
■ The bill lies tven in the S°nato all this session,
j Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire if
i the bill is open to amendment by an additional
section ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should hlce to prepare one
by morn ins;.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Chair
understand the Senator fiom California to move
an adjournment?
Mr. GWIN. The bill is nflw ready for a final
vote. [" No!"] I shall not move an adjournment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the motion of my
colleague will prevail, and that the vote will be
taken to-morrow at one o'clock. There are one
or two Senators who will vote for the bill who are
absent.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us adjourn, then.
Mr. MASON. I wish only to keep myself
right on this question. I shall be a party to no
arrangement to lake a vote on this bill at any hour
named to-morrow, or at any other time. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Take the vote now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the motion to adjourn; and fifteen Senators
rose in the affirmative.- - " - . ' 1
Mr,:'FESSFiNDEN, I call forthe yeas and
nays. . I,understood the Senator from Rhode
Island to say he willed to offer an amendment
which he "has not yet prepared, and he ought to
have time ta prepare it.,
Mr. POLK, I should like to know from the
Senator from Rhode Island if that* is what lie
stated. I did not understand that he had not th«
section ready.' - *
Mr. SIMMONS. I wanted .to add aa amend-
ment to the bill; but there seems to be more desire
for a vote than to pass the bill, and I do not sup-
pose I shall get an opportunity to Write one, 1
shall vote against the bill unless it is amended—
that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maihe insist on the ballfor the yeas and
nays?
Mr. GWIN. If he withdraws it, I think we
shall adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw it for the sake
of trying.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] who was a member of this com-
mittee, is absent; but if he were here he would
vote for the bill.
Mr. GWIN, I think we shall adjourn.
Mr. BRODERICK. You voted against it be-
fore.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 26, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. G. W. Bassett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbttry Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed a bill of
the House of the following title:
An act (No. 583) providing for keeping and
distributing all public documents, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House. And also a bill of the
House of the following title:
An act (No. 788) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to grunt a register for the schooner
William A. Hamill; without amendment.
MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT. .
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr'. J. "B.
Heney, his Priyate Secretary.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the. House to offer certain resolutions; and if
any debate arise, 1 will withdraw them.
Mr. HUGHES. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 would like to have the res-
olutions read; and if gentlemen do not approve of
them, I will not press the present consideration
I of them.
i Mr. HUGHES. I do not object to their being
I rea.l.
i The resolutions were read, as follows!
! Resolved In; the Senate anil House of Representatives in
] Consress au'embh,1, That the Secretary of State and the
! inbiasian of Congress be directed to deliver to the Secre-
' tary of the Interior all the extra oopies of the Annals of
Congress, Adanjs's Works, and American Archives, in their
possesion. „ , r ^ .
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to deliver to such literary institutions or public libraries as
mav bo designated by each Senator, member of the House
of "Representatives, and Delegate in Coniiess, three seta
of the Aniralfe of Congress, one set of Adams's Works, and
one set of tiie American Archives.
,, Mr. WINSEOW. I have no objection to the
II resolutions; but I will state that a bill has already
11 been introduced iulo t,he House covering the
li whole matter.
