610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. MORGAN. It will be impossible, I think,
to.get that bill through.
Mr. WINSLOW. The Senate have passed a
bill on the same subject; and I have no doubt the
House will pass it also.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, I will withdraw the
resolutions for the present, upon the statement
of the gentleman from North Carolina.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that reports from com-
mittees were in order, commencing with the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
. Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The Committee
on the Post Office and l?ost Roads was making
reports when the last call of committees was sus-
pended, and I was upon the floor asking to bo
heard.
Tiie SPEAKER. The 23d rule, at the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
was amended by. adding thereto the following
proviso:
Provided, That whenever any committee shall have oc-
cupied tile morning lioqr on two days, it shall not be in
order fur such committee to report further until the other
committees shall have been called in their turn."
MAILS TO THE PACIFIC COAST.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Then I ask leave of
the House to report, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, an act to provide for
the transportation of the United States mails from
the Atlantic to the Pacific coast. I wish to have it
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection, but I desire to have a report from the
Committee on Commerce printed. I hope there
will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
two propositions at once.
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouii. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask per-
mission of the House to have a report printed.
Mr". HUGHES. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. GARNETT subsequently withdrew his
objection to the reporting of Mr. Craic's bill;
which was thereupon roada firstanil second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask to present an amend-
ment to that bill, in the nature of a substitute, for
the purpose of having; it referred and printed.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I liavo no objec-
tion to that.
It was so ordofed.
ROADS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DEAN, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a bill (S. No. 108)
to relieve the corporation of Georgetown from the
expense of making and repairing roads west of
Rock creek; which was laid 011 the table.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
On motion of Mr. DODD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be discharged from the further consideration of the ine-
moiial of the Provident Association of Clerks of the city of
Washington, and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on tile Judiciary.
H. B. ROBERTSON.
On motion of Mr. DODD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be discharged from the further consideration of the ap-
plication of H. 13. .Robertson, and that the same be laid on
the table,
TITLE TO CHURCH PROPERTY.
Mr. DODD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a bill (S. No. 241)
relating to the manner of holding and transmitting
the title to certain church property therein men-
tioned; which was laid on the table.
PROPERTY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. BOWIE, it was
OrdereJ, That Use Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be discharged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of citizens of the District oPColumbia, asking for the
passage of an act of Congress for the protection of property
in the District; and that the same be laid on the tstble.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
Mr. BOWIE. I am directed by the Committee
for the District of Columbia to report back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No.
414) to reimburse the corporation of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, a sum of money ad-
vanced towards the construction of the Little Falls
bridge; and to ask to have it put upon its passage.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The bill appro-
priates money, and must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It must be referred, except
its reference be waived by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not waive its
reference. Let it go to the' Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
It was so referred, and ordered to be printed.
ENFORCEMENT OF MECHANICS' LIENS.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The Committee
for the District of Columbia, to which was re-
ferred Senate bill No. 182, entitled "An act for
the enforcement of mechanics' liens on buildings,
&c., in the District of Columbia," have directed
me to report the same back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass. If it bo in order, I move that
it be put upon its passage now. It is a very im-
portant bill to mechanics as well as to landlords,
on whose property in the District there are in-
cumbrances. There can be 110 debate upon it.
Most of the States of the Union have already sim-
ilar acts. It simply provides for recording liens
for work done, and for enforcing them.
Tho first section declares that any person who
shall hereafter, by virtue of any contract with
the owner of any building, or with the agent of
such owner, perform any labor upon, or furnish
any materials, engine, or machinery, for the con-
struction Or repairing of such building, shall) upon
filing the notice prescribed in section two of this
act, have a lien upon such building and the lot of
ground upon which the same is situated, for such
labor done, or materials, engine, or machinery
furnished, when the amount shall exceed twenty
dollars.
The second section declares that any person
wishing to avail himself of this chapter, whether
his claim be due or not, shall file in the office of
the clerk of the circuit court of the United States
for the District of Columbia, at any time within
throe months after the completion of such build-
ing or repairs, a notice of his intention to hold
a lien upon the property declared by this act liable
to such lien, for tiie amount due or to become
due to him, specifically Betting forth the amount
claimed. Upon his failure to do so, the lien shall
be lost. The clerk aforesaid shall file and record
such notice in a book provided for that purpose.
The third section declares that such lien shall
cease to exist at the expiration of one year after
the completion of the building or repairs, unless,
before that time, an action to enforce the same
shall have been commenced in the said circuit
court by the person having such lien against the
owner with whom, or with whose agent, the con-
tract was made, unless such claim be not due at
the expiration of one year after such completion,
in which case the action shall be commenced
within three months after the same shall have
become due.
The fourth section declares that the complaint
of the plaintiff shall contain a brief statement of
tho contract on which tho claim is founded, the
amount due thereon, the time when the notice was
filed with the clerk, the time when the building
was completed, if it bo completed, with a descrip-
tion of the premises, and any other material facts,
and shall pray that tho premises may be sold and
tho proceeds of the sale applied to the discharge
, of the lien.
j The fifth section declares that the summons
shall bo served as in other c?ses, or, instead of
service by publication, it may be made by deliv-
I enng a copy thereof to the person m possession
1 of tho premises. If the defendant shall have sold
! or disposed of the premises before the service of
| the summons, the court shall direct notice of the
i proceedings to be served on the purchaser, or his
1 agent for the premises, who may thereupon, if
he desire it, be made a party defendant in the
action.
The sixth section declares that the proceedings
in an action to enforce such lien shall be the same
as in other actions, except as otherwise provided
in this act; and if judgment be rendered for the
plaintiff, he may have execution issued against
the premises, and thereupon the marshal shall
proceed as upon other executions upon real prop-
erty.
■ The seventh section declares that the liens cre-
ated in pursuance of the provisions of this act
shall have precedence over all other liens or in-
cumbrances which attached upon the premises
subsequent to the time at which the building was
commenced or the materials were furnished. If,
upon a sale of the premises on execution, the pro-
ceeds be insufficient to pay all such liens, the court
shall order them to be paid in proportion to the
amount, respectively, due to each, and any other
property of the defendant, not exempt from exe-
cution, may be sold to satisfy such execution.
The eighth section declares that if the building
be on any land lying outside the corporate limits
of Washington city and Georgetown, the land
upon wliich the same is erected, together with the
space around the same, not exceeding five hun-
dred square feet clear of the building, shall also
be subject to the said lien, if the said land, at the
time of the erection or repair of such building,
shall have been the property of the person con-
tracting for the erection or repair of the same. If
tho building be in Washington city or George,
town, the ground on which the same is erected,
and a space of ground equal to the front of the
building, and extending to the depth of the lot or
lots on which it is erected, shall also be bound by
the said lien, subject to the foregoing proviso.
The ninth section declares that all or any num-
ber of persons, having liens on the same building
pursuant to the provisions of this act, may join
in one action, but their claims shall be stated dis-
tinctly as in a separate action, and the judgment
shall show the amounts to which they are respect-
ively entitled. If several such actions be brought
by different claimants, and be pending at the sams
time, the court may order them to be consolidated.
The tenth section declares that, whenever any
person having a lien, by virtue of the provisions
of tins chapter, shall have received satisfaction
for his claim, and the cost of his proceedings
thereon, he shall, upon tho request of any person
interested, and upon the payment or tender of the
costs of entering satisfaction, within six days after
such payment or tender, enter satisfaction of his
demand m the office of the clerk aforesaid; and
upon failure to do so he shall forfeit and pay fifty
dollars to the party aggrieved, and all damages
wliich he may have sustained in consequence of
such failure or neglect.
The eleventh section declares that any sub-con-
tractor, journeyman, or laborer, employed in tho
construction or repairing of any building, or in
furnishing any materials or machinery for the
same, may give the owner thereof notice in writ-
ing, particularly setting forth the amount of his
claim, and the service rendered for which his em-
ployer is indebted to him, and that he holds the
owner responsible for the same; and the owner of
the building shall be liable for such claim, butnot
to exceed the amount due from him to the em-
ployer at the time of notice, or subsequently,
which may be recovered in an action.
The twelfth section declares that whenever any
sub-contractor, journeyman, or laborer, shall re-
cover any such claim from the owner of the build-
ing, the same may be set off by such owner in any
action brought against him by the person wjio
otherwise would be entitled to recover the same
| under the contract.
The thirteenth section declares that in all pro-
ceedings, commenced under this act, the defend-
ant may file a written undertaking, with-surety
to be approved by the court, to the effect that he
will pay the judgment that may be recovered, and
costs, and thereby release his property from the
lien hereby created.
The fourteenth section declares that any person,
having possession of the same, who shall make,
alter, repair, or bestow any labor, on any ariicle
of personal property, at the request of the owner
or lawful possessor thereof, shall have a lien on
such property so made, tdtered, or repaired, or
upon which labor has been bestowed, for his just
