1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10, 1859.
D'EkiU OP THE POSTMASTER GENERAL.
, ^VJPIJESIBENT-Jjro tempore. The Chair
wilt lay before the Senate a communication from
the President of the United States.
The message was read, as follows:
To the. Senate of the United States:
It has become my sajl duty to announce to the Senate
the death of Hon. Aaron V. Brown, late Postmaster Gen-
eral, at his residence in this city, on yesterday morning, at
twenty minutes past nine o'clock. j
The,death of this distinguished public officer, especially
at the present moment, when his eminent services are so
much needed, is a great loss to his country. lie was able,
honest; and indefatigable in the discharge of his high and
responsible duties, whilst his benevolent heart and Ins
kind deportment endeared him to all who approached him.
Submitting, as I do, with humble resignation, to the will
of Divine Providence in this calamitous dispensation, I
shall ever cherish his memory with affectionate regard.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washin&ton, March 9,1859.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, the sad
intelligence communicated to us by the President
suggests the propriety of some action on the part
of the Senate, e^ressivo of our deep sense of the
public loss sustained by the death of the late Post-
master General. I rise_ for the purpose_ of pro-
posing resolutions, which, I am sure, will be re-
garded by the Senate as entirely appropriate on
so afflicting an occasion.
If I deemed it proper to follow the dictates of
feeling,! should be induced, from a long and inti-
mate acquaintance with the deceased, to indulge
in a train of extended remark upon his public
services and private life. Having known him
well in all" the public relations which he has held
to the country, for more than twenty years, and
having been closely associated with him in the
walks of private life, I feel that 1 can fully appre-
ciate the value of his services as a public man,
and the many generous and noble qualities of his
nature, which won for him a warm place in the
hearts of all who knew him in social life. I might
indulge, also, in remarks upon the peculiar good
fortune which distinguished his domestic rela-
tions, but I deem it more appropriate here only
to crave the indulgence of the Senate for a few
moments before submitting the resolutions, whilst
I make a brief reference to his public services. In
these wiH*be found his highest eulogy—the evi-
dence that he loved his country ardently, and
served it faithfully and efficiently.
Auron Venable Brown was a native of the State
of Virginia. He was born in the county of Bruns-
wick,'on the 15th of August, 1795. He wan a
graduate of the University of North Carolina in
3814. Prom that period to his death -ho was a
citizen of the State of Tennessee. Fie read law
in the office of the late Judge Tremble, of that
State, and after he was admitted.to the bar he
prosecuted his profession successfully, and for a
number of years was the partner of the late James
IC. Polk, Mr. Brown attained to high eminence
as a lawyei, particularly as an advocate in crim-
inal cases. Tic continued actively devoted to his
profession until the year 1839, having in the moan
time been repeatedly a member of the Tennessee
Legislature. In that body he always occupied a
prominent position as a man of ability and fidel-
ity to the interests of the State. I-Ie was conspic-
uously connected with the movements, in the
Tennessee Legislature, which resulted in bringing
General Jackson before the country as a candi-
date for the Presidency. He enjoyed thefull'con-
fidence of General Jackson during his entire life.
In 1839, Mr. Brown was elected a member of the
House of Representatives in Congress, and con-
tinued in that position for three successive terms.
It is matter of public history, that during the six
, years from 1839 to 1844, the two Halls of Con-
j gress were occupied by many of the ablest states-
' men that our country has ever produced. The
debates of this period were characterized by unu-
j sual ability, as well as great excitement. Mr.
Brown bore a full share in the discussions of all
the great questions of the time, and occupied a
j prominent place in the list of the congressmen who
' were his cotemporaries. Ho retired from Con-
' gress in 1845, and, in the same year, was elected
Governor of the State of Tennessee, which posi-
tion he held for two years. From that period,
until he was invited into the Cabinet of President
Buchanan, Governor Brown devoted himself with
great energy and success to his private pursuits;
only turning aside to engage as a volunteer in the
several warmly contested political campaigns
which have marked the history of his State.
The death of so prominent a man is agreat pub-
lic loss at any time, but, under the circumstances
of embarrassment now existing in the Post Office
Department, the death of Governor Brown is pe-
culiarly calamitous. He had assumed its duties
with hesitancy, but, having accepted the trust, he
had dedicated to its service all his energies, lie
looked upon our postal system as capable of great
development and expansion, and he labored with
the constant hope and conviction that, at the close
of his administratipn of the Department, lie would
present it in a condition of prosperity that would
secure for his labors the commendation of his
country. lie was fully apprized of the heavy re-
sponsibilities which were involved in the effort to
give full development to a system so complicated
and extensive in its machinery; but his heart was
devoted to the work, and he labored for its accom-
plishment with a singleness of purpose which in-
duced him to sacrifice all regard for his personal
comforts or his private interests. If lug lift; had
been spared, the existing embarrassments in the
Department would have been met with the same
resolute and persevering energy which had char-
acterized all the undertakings of his life. His
thorough knowledge of the affairs of the Depart-
ment would have been invaluable in enabling him
to develop and rendec available the resources ne-
cessary to meet and subdue the. great emergency.
But, great as is the public loss resulting from his
death, it becomes us to submit to the auction
without complaint, regarding it as one of those
providential visitations on which it is not our
province to sit in judgment.
I submit, for the consideration of the Senate,
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate is impressed with a profound
ppn->e of tbe public lews au-uanied by the death of Hon.
Aaron Venable IJiown, Postmaster General of the United
States, the announcement of which melancholy event has
been made by the Preside/it.
Resolved, I'hat fche Senate will attend in a body the "ob-
sequies of the dead member of the Cabinet, tbe Hon. Aaron
V. Brown, and that a committee be appointed to make ar-
rangements for the funeral.
Retained, That the Senate will go into mourning by wear-
ing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That a copy of these lesolutions be laid before
the President of the United States.
Resolved, That, in consideration of this afflictive dispen-
sation, the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Tennessee that, as
there is no period fixed when the Senate shall
assemble, he had better name an hour to-morrow.
Mr. MASON. I am informed that a commit-
tee is now absent, which has been sent to waiton
the President and inform him that the Senate is
prepared to close its session, unless he shall have
other business.
Mr. BROWN. We shall get that report to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I suggest that
the Senateadjourn until to-morrowat two o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the resolutions.
Mr. GW1N. I suppose the firstquestion is on
the motion of the Senator from Tennessee, that
when the Senate adjourn, it be to meet at two
o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tions had better be amended, on the suggestion
of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolutions can be so
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
done if there be no objection. [" No objection."]
Mr. JOHNSON, otsTenncssce. I understand
the amendment to be accepted. [" Yes."]
The r<- dutions, as amended, were agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned until to-morrow at two
o'clock.  
IN SENATE.
Tiiurrday, March 30, 1959.
The Senate met informally at eieven o'clock,
and proceeded to attend the funeral of Postmaster
General Brown.
The Senate met at two o'clock, p. m.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal.
Thcie bemg.no objection, it was so ordered.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
/uid after a few minutes spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
pinal adjournment.
Mr. RICE, fiotn the committee appointed yes-
terday to wait on the President of the United
States, to inform him that the Senate was ready
to adjourn, unless he had further communication
to make, reported that they had performed the
duty assigned to them, and had received for an-
swer that the President had no further communi-
cation to make; whereupon,
The Senate adjourned sine die.
THE END.
