612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
the State courts may haw; jurisdiction over the
subject-matter. A difficulty of this description
arose not long since in one of the Territories,
now a State of this XJnion, and the TJnited States
authorities were very-much embarrassed for want
of this very legislation. Certificates of location
in that Territory were forged, covering an extent
of ten thousand acres of land. Three of the per-
petrators were arrested, one of them escaped, and
whether the others have since been tried or not I
do not krtowt but it was necessary, in that in-
stance, to resort to the local authorities. The
hands-of the United States authorities weie tied,
and they were unable to accomplish what they
would have accomplished if this legislation had
then been in existence.
This matter has earnestly been recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior. In consequence
of the opportunity the perpetrators of these of-
fenses have had to escape justice, and the number
of offenders who have been permitted to go un-
whipped ot'justice, it is very important that this
bill should become a law without delay. I de-
mand the previous question on the engrossment
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it vjas accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the memo-
rial of the Legislative Assembly of Washington
Territory,asking that courts may be held in cach
county of that Territory; with the recommenda-
tion that it be laid on the table. They propose to
be discharged from the consideration of the me-
morial in consequence of the legislation of the last
session, which, 4 is supposed, meets the purpose
of the memorial.
The memorial was laid on the table, and the
committee discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof.
Mr. DODD moved to reconsider the vote by
which Senate bill No. 241 was laid on the table;
and moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN II.UNOIS.
Ml'. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to authorize the hold-
ing of the circuit and district courts of the United
States in the city of Peoria, Illinois; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask to have that bill put
upon its passage,
The bill was lead in extenso.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If I understand the
reading of that hill, I think itattaehes to the north-
ern district of Illinois certain counties which now
form a part of the southern district. I do not pro-
pose to interfere with the gentleman's bill. I am
willing that he should have a term of the United
States district cuurt held at Peoria; but, as a Rep-
resentative of the southern district of that State,
I am not willing that, for the purpose of effecting
that object, he should take a part, of the counties
from the southern district and attach tfiem to the
northern district. I would like to have the Cleik
read again that portion of the bill.
The Clerk read the bill again; which provided,
among other things, that the counties of Pulton
and Tazewell should be attached to, and become
a part of, the northern district of Illinois.
Mr. KELLOGG. I would say to the gentle-
man that the counties of Fulton and Tazewell are
the only ones changed. The county of Fulton was
originally designed to be attached to the nortiiei 11
district; but by a mistake it was not done. The
county of Tazewell is within a stone's throw ot
Peoria, and it was thought advisable to attach it
also.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. As those are the
only two counties proposed to be attached to the
northern district, 1 will make no objection to it.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether there are any pub-
lic buildings in Peoria to accommodate the holding
of the courts, or whether it is not necessary, after
the passage of this bill, to provide suitable build-
ings for holding the courts?
Mr. KELLOGG. There are county buildings
which will be used for that purpose, and it is not
designed tq ask for any,money appropriation for
the purpose of providing accommodations for the
holding of courts, in thejfrayof new buildings
or otherwise.
Mr. HUGHES. Anotherquestion: What will
be the probable expense of holding those terms of J
the court; thatis mthe way of jurors, fees, &c.? J
Mr. KELLOGG. Not a dollar more than it j
costs now. 1
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and |
read a third time; and being-engrossed,it was ac- '
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. KELLOGG demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and,under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved ij
that the motion to reconsider be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. j
CATHARINE ANSART. j
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee on Revolu- I
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the ;
petition of Catharine Ansart; which was laid on '
the table, and ordered to be printed. ;
DANIEL BEDINGER.
Mr. VANCE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Dhniel
Bedmger; which was read a first and second time, j
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, ;
and, with the report, ordered to be printed. J
DEXTER BARNES.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Private 1
Laud Claims, reported a bill authorizing the Sec- j
rotary of the Interior to issue a land warrant for {
one hundred and sixty acres of land to Dexter !
Barnes; which was lead a fust and peeond time, [
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, !
and, with the report, ordered to he printed.
TOBACCO TRADE.
Mr. WH1TELEY, from the Committee on
Agriculture, reported back a joint resolution (II.
R. No. 118) upon the subject of the tobacco trade
i Willi foreign nations, with a recommendation that
! it do pass.
j The resolution declares, first, that the trade in
j tobacco with Great Britain, France, Spnin, Por-
! tugal, Austria, Hruzil, and other foreign nation.*,
< is clogged with restrictions and limitations wholly
| inconsistent with that fair and reciprocal.condi-
tion of commerce which ought to exist between
the United States and those nations respectively;
dud is therefore unsatisfactory to the Stales of 1
Virginia, Kentucky, Maryland, Noith Carolina,!
j Missouri,Tennessee,Ohio,Connecticut,and other '
, tobacco-growing States, in which that article is
an important, if not the chief, staple of agricul-
\ tural production.
Secnd, that it is the duty of the Federal Gov-
| ernment to use its utmost powers of negotiation, ,
! o other constitutional means, to obtain a modi-
1 fication or reduction 011 the part of said foreign
nations of the duties ar.d restrictions imposed by '
, them on the importation of American tobacco;
1 and to this end to employ all the diplomatic and
' commercial powers which thu Constitution has
] confided to ii, in producing a more juut and equal
i reciprocity in a trade so deeply involving the
! value of that po#tion of the agricultural labor of
; the country, in which at least one fourth of the
Confederacy is concerned.
Third, tliat the treaties of the United States
with China and Japan present a fair and fitting
occasion for the enlargement ii'id extension of the
tobacco tiade of the United States, ar.d that it is
the doty of 'he Government of the United States
to use all iis exertions within the limits of con- ;
, suuUionai power,to foster and encourage the in-
troduction of American tobacco as an article of.
use among the people of those nations. . ^
| Fourth, that diplomatic negotiations with Eng- 1
land, France, Spain, and Austria, as well as with |
! China and Japan, ought to be commenced as soon i
as practicable by the Government of the United
States, with the view of obtaining a modification
of the existing systems of revenue and taxation
of those nations in respect to American'tobaeco;
and that, for this purpose, instruction's ought to
be given to our foreign ministers, consuls, and
commercial agents to those nations, by the Execu-
tive of the United States, to use all their consti-
tutional and legitimate functions in producing so
desirable a result.
Mr. GAPtNETT. I understand one of these res-
olutions to suggest that we shall go into a system
of retaliating restrictions on foreign countries, in
order to force them to change their duties on our
tohacco. I do not think that the committee ought
to pursue it to a vote at this time.
The second resolution was again read.
Mr. GARNETT. I think that that resolution
clearly alludes to modes other than diplomatic.
It says, " all the diplomatic and commercial
powers."
Mr. OLIN. That is the power of making war.
Mr. GARNETT. I am very willing that all
proper measures shall be taken to have the duties
imposed by foreign Governments on tobacco re-
moved; but I am unwilling to vote for a resolution
looking to retaliatory measures in regard to the
tariff.
Mr. WHITELEY. There is no such inten-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture
that he remove from these resolutions the speci-
ality of legislation, and that they be altered so as
to require the President to instruct ourdiplomatic
agents to procute the removal of all duties which
a>-e injurious to American interests in any respect
whatever. I should like to have the President
requested to instruct our agents abroad to pro-
cuie from foreign Governments the removal of
duties upon Atneiican iron and other products.
This is a special protection to one interest of the
country. I have no objection to protection any-
where. I am for the protection of the tobacco
and the cotton of the South, as well as for the
protection of the iron and the manufactures of the
North. I shall, therefore, vote for the resolu-
tions; hut, I think, that to be equally just to all
the great interests of the country, they should
have been made more expansive, and should
have comprehended instructions to the diplomatic
representatives abroad to procure the removal of
all duties that militate against American interests.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not think
that the resolutions are liable to the exceptions
taken by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Morons;] and the gentleman who introduced them
assures the House that such was not the inten-
tion of the Committee on Agriculture. I do not
see, anything like protection 111 these resolutions.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was passed—ayes 87, noes
30.
Mr. WHITELEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed:
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr, KELSEY, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 72) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main; which was leferred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Leave was granted to Mr. ICelsey to file a writ-
ten report to accompany the bill, and be printed.
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Early in
the last session I introduced this bill, which pro-
vides for granting homesteads on the public do-
main, and I also introduced a bill to provide that
hereafter the sales of the public lands shall be
confined to actual settlers for ten years after they
have been surveyed. Those bills were both re-
ferred to the appropriate committees. Twice, dur-
ing my term of service in Congress, a bill similar
in all its provisions to this one, has passed the
House of Representatives, and twice it has failed
