1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6iS
in the Senate. As the propriety of granting home- 1
steads to actual settlers on the public domain is a
question that has been very fully discussed in the
House for the last eight years, and in which I
have taken not a little pa.rt; I do not propose,
therefore, to trespass now upon its attention longer
than to enable me to make a single remark in ex-
planation of the reason of my motion; as I was
engaged when tile motion to refer was put, aud
did not know that the report was made.
In my judgment, the land policy of this coun-
try should be brought back to the principles of
sound legislation on this subject, as laid down by
General Jackson, 111 bis message in 1832, that
you should cease to look to the public lands as a
source of revenue, and that they should be set
apartand secutecf, inhmited quantities,as hoaaes
for actual settlers. Believing that that should
have been the policy in the first disposition of the
public lands,! trust that this Congress will re-
store the Government to that policy, and that the
public lands will hereafter be secured in limited
quantities to actual settlers, instead'of being left,
as they now arc, to be absorbed by the capital of
the country in a vast system of land monopoly.
It is unnecessary, I trust, to argue with any
gentleman on tin's floor that the deadliest, direst
curse that can be inflicted on the new States or
upon any country is a system of land monopoly.
It palsies the arm of industry and paralyzes the
energies of a nation. It has 'been tried in the Old
"World, and its fruits are written in the sighs and
tears of its crushed millions. It has been tried
there sufficiently long to satisfy the most skepti-
cal that the condition of the new States will be
greatly improved if you will secure and guaul the
settlers forever against a system uf land monop-
oly in the public domain. By securing the lauds
to the actual settler, you will not only confer such
a blessing upon the new States, but will add in
the most substantial manner to the greatness and
glory.of the Republic. By the Constitution, Con-
gress is made a trustee of these lands, to admin-
ister them in the way that will best promote the
general welfare. How can this be uone in any
better way than by placing upon them actual set-
tlers, who, by the cultivation of the soil, will de-
velop its resources and convert the haunts of sav-
age life into a home for civilized man, and " make
the wilderness bloom and blossom as the roser"
By the present land system the settler is obliged
to go far distant into the wilderness, or to pay to
the speculator, who has purchased from the Gov-
ernment the more desirable locations, four or five
dollars per acre 111 advance upon the Government
price of the public lands. What is the injury
thus inflicted upon the labor of the country and
the development of its great interests? Under
and by authority of your existing laws you per-
mit to be abstracted ftoin its hard earnings four,
five, six, or eight dollars per acre, to be paid into
the pocket of the speculator and non-resident land-
holder, to be squandered too otten in reckless and
prodigal extravagance. ,
Under the existing system, the actual settler j
gets his land in comparatively few cases at Gov-
ernment price; but that is not the greatest evil
he has to encounter. By the lands being held by
non-residents, the actual settlers are of necessity
thrown further apart, thus making it more difficult
to have schools and churches, and to suiround
their homes with all the adjuncts of a nobler and
bettercivilization. Let the land system be so fixed
that the actual settlers can take from the Govern-
ment these lands as a homestead, by paying the
expenses of the land office, or at the Government
price as preemptors, and they are secured thereby
in the mcansof making compactsettlements,open-
ing and constructing public roads, and building
school-houses, and churches, and even railroads,
and of supplying all the wants of a thriving peo-
ple and growing civilization; and you will re-
quire no grants of alternate sections to open the
wilderness. Four or five dollars per acre would
amount to the sum of eighty or a hundred thou-
sand dollars in each township that you take ftom
the settler, under the operation of existing laws,
and pay over to the speculator. And this legis-
tation you call just. It is of such legislation that
the settler complains. Why not leave this large
amount of his earnings in his own hands, with
which he may open the avenues of trade, surround
his home with comfort, and rear his children hon-
ored and respected members of society.'
In addition to the justice of securing to the
actual settler a homestead in order thus most ef-
fectually to develop the material interests of the
country, it is required by every dictate of human-
ity. If you would elevate the race, make it wiser
and better; the first and most important step in
its advancement is to s'ufround the fireside with
comfort. It is in vain you attempt to beckon on
the weary pilgrim of this world to a-higher exist-
ence, and arouse in his bosom the nobler elements
of his nature, unless you place within his reach
the means for satisfying his present physical
wants. I would not, however, have the Govern-
ment converted into an almshouse to relieve^ all
the distresses of men. It cannot, I grant, alleviate
the manifold woes of the race; but so far as it is
within its tjonstitutional power, 1 would have it
so administered that it should add t\£3 much as
possible to the comfort, happiness, and welfare of
the race.
In the disposition of the public lands you have
it in your power to secure that object, to a great
extent, by securing to the actual settler a choice
of home on the public domain. At present the
public lands are opened in large quantities, to be
purchased bathe speculator, who, of course, seeks
the best locations in the newly-survoyed districts,
and the actual settlers are thus pressed still fur-
ther into the wilderness, unless they pay an en-
hanced price. Secure to the actual settler those
lands nearer to civilization, and leave to him his
earnings, with which to surround his home with
comfort and make his fireside happy, and you
will have overcome one of the greatest obstacles
in elevating, purifying, and ennobling the race.
The man whose days are dragged out in procur- !
ing a m(ii"sel to sustain life, and whose lust prayer,
as he falls heart-broken into his kennel of straw,
is that he may never behold the light of another
day, is a poor subject for' the missionary of a
purer and better state of existence.
(ifio pay to the mump wea, be still ;
Hid the wild, lawless winds, obey thy will;
Preach to the storm, and reason with de-pair;
Cut tell not misery's son that life is fail."
If you would elevate and reform, begin with
purifyingthe influences ofthe domestic fireside by
first making it comfortable and happy. I hope
the motion to refer will be reconsidered, and that
this bill may be put upon its passage. I therefore
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and upon that motion I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw that
motion for a moment. 1 will make a motion which
will be equivalent to it.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I cannot withdraw the
motion. I hope it will be carried, and that the
bill may be put on its passage.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that ilie House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
NEWSPAPER POSTAGE.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill relative to the postage on news-
papers and periodicals was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ot the Union.
•The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered,
but cannot now be considered.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask whether, if we go
into committee now, the motion to reconsider
which I have made will come<up in the morningi
The SPEAKER. Not necessarily. The motion
may be called up at any time. -
Mr. GROW. Then I give notice that I will
call up the motion to recorfsider at half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not aware
that there is any disposition to discuss this bill.
We might just as well come to the vote now as
at any other time, and I iiope, therefore, that the
friends ofthe bill will vdte down all other, motions,
and'come to a vote upon the bill. _ s
Mr. HUGHES; If we. go to the business oil;
the Speaker's-table, what will be, the business in
order? „ ,
The SPEAKER. First,.the disposition of, ex-
ecutive communications, and then of certain bills
from the Senate, - -. /
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the under-
standing that the vote shalj be taken 01) the mo- s
tion of thegentleman from Pennsylvania.to recon-
sider to-morrow morning, I am willing that it
shall go over until that tim®..
The SPEAKER. It njay.be called up at any
time. ' . ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.- Vfcry well, then;
I .withdraw all opposition to the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri to go into the Goinmit-
tee ofthe Whole on the-state of the-Union, •
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust, then,
that the gentleman from Missouri will withdraw
his motion to go into committee,'and allow us to
gQ on ill calling tlie committees for reports. ;
"Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot with-
draw the motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Is the home-
stpad bill now amendable?
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House
at this time. A motion has been made to .recon-
sider the vote referring it to the Coianjittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. If the motion
to reconsider should succeed, will the bill be open
to amendment ?
The SPEAKER. If the House reconsider the
vote, and refuse to commit the bill, it will then
be open to amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will insist on his motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask for a vote
upon the motion.
'The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. STE-
vensom in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC Bill..
The pending question being upon the atrtjysd-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
SiNT.Lr.T0N,] to add, at the end of the bill, the fol-
lowing:
Ani mtiviiled further, That no part of said appropriation
shall lie used for the support 01 education of any Africans
lieretofoie returned, or licioaftor to be returned, to their
native country, under the provisions of said act of 3d March,
1819, after the i-aine are delivered into tile hands of the agent
or agents appointed to receive them from the United States.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to move an ad-
ditional section to t|ie bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Before the gentleman
makes that motion, I will move to reduce the ap-
propriation in this clause of the bill from $75,000
to §45,000. 1 cannotgive my support to this clausa
in the bill, because about thirty thousand dollars
of this sum is intended to furnish a year's sup-
port to the Africans who were returned on board
the Niagara to Liberia, and is to be paid to the
Colonization Society. Neither can I give my
assent to the construction ofthe act of 18J9 which
secures to these negroes suppoi t and maintenance
for a year after their return. Indeed, sir, if that
authoiity is given by that law for one year, there
is 110 limit to prevent its being done for twenty.
That act authorizes the President to employ the
vessels of the United States in cruising either
upon our own coast or that of Africa, for the pur-
pose of preventing our citizens from carrying on
the slave trade, and to use. American vessels to
seize and bring into port all slavers captured upon
the high seas, such vessels to be sold, and the
procficds divided between the Grovcrntnsnt s.nti
the officers and men so capturing the same, upon
their delivery of the negroes aboard to the mar-
shal of the district into which they are brought,
,, and the officers and crew to the civil authorities
i! thereof. Next comes the section under which
'i this money is sought to be appropriated; the ne-
I groes being 111 the custody of the marshal, the Pres-
li ident is "authorized to make such regulations
