614
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 26,
and arrangements as he may deem expedient for
the strft-keeping, support, and temoval beyond the
limits of the United States of all such negroes,
mulattoes, or persons of color, as may be so
brought within their jurisdiction; and to appoint
a proper person or persons residing upon the coast
of Africa as agent or agents for receiving them."
This section devolves upon the President the
duty, in the first place, to safely keep them; next,
to support than whilst in the United States; then, to
remove thembeyond our limits; and lastly, to de-
liver them to any person whom he thinks fit, upon
the coast of. Africa, when his obligation and his
duty to them and ourselves both cease. These
things are all required to be done intermediate the
time of their'delivery to our marshal here and
their landing upon the coast of Africa. This con-
struction corresponds with the reason for the law,
and riie objects and purposes to be accomplished
by it. The Africans imported were wild, ungov-
ernable savages, who could not be safely turned
loose in our midst without great danger to the
security of our own citizens; and hence the Pres-
ident was required, when they were brought in,
to safely keep, support, and remove them as
quickly as possible from among us.
The same reason which induced that section to
be incorporated in the act, did not operate upon
the President in the case of the Echo prisoners.
Then the object, was to protect the white man
from the Africans; now the object was to prevent
tile Africans from being appropriated and made
property by the white man. Then the whole
South was unanimously against the slave trade,
now it is becoming divided; and unless the war
upon slavery is stopped, fifteen years will wit-
ness the trade open for the South, and our then
Mexican possessions reaching to Guatemala cer-
tainly,and probably further south. But the ques-
tion is as to the sum to be paid under this bill.
So long as the law stands upon the statute-book,
Othe bounty of twenty-five dollars apiece
Africans thus brought in, and requiring us
to support them while here, and then to pay.their
expenses back to Africa, I will vote that amount.
As for the $30,000 to be paid to the Colonization
Society after, if I vote for that 1 am then bound
by the President's construction of the law, and I
cannot give any such construction. The other I
will pay, but no more.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Iam opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
I liavo listened with patience to the vafious com-
mentaries made here in relation to this act of
1819. I look upon this whole question as one
involving merely the consideration whethor the
President of the United States, in the execution
of the act of 18X9, has exercised a sound discre-
tion. 1 have heard the explanation of my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Ckawford,] assuming the act
of 1819 to be within the purview of the Consti-
tution—and oh that question I do not mean to
commit myself. Assuming it to be constitutional,
then the question arises, in # case such as this,
what is the duty of the Executive > Under the lan-
guage of the actof 1819, itis theduty of the Pres-
ident of the United States, whenever Africans are
brought in by vessels of the United States, to see
that they are taken care of, and to provide that
they are removed beyond the jurisdiction of the
United States; and they are required to be deliv-
ered upon the coast of Africa to some agent—
some " proper agent or agents," to use the lan-
guage of the law itself. Who is a proper agent?
What is the duty of the President under that part
of the law ? Suppose no proper agent ean be found
on the coast of Africa to receive them, what is the
duty of the President of the United States ? These
Africans have to be kept and supported, and it
may be one, two, or five years; and the Govern-
nment of the United States may be involved in
an enormous expense, if there is no proper agent
or agents there to receive them.
Then may not I undeistand the act of 1819 to
clothe the President of the United States with
power still to take charge of and retain these ne-
groes when transported to Africa, if there is no
agent to receive them? I ask gentlemen what
course should the President take under such cir-
cumstances ? He is not authorized, under the act
of 1819, to set them at large; but is to have them
delivered to a proper agent, because, under the
phraseology of that clause, they are to be sup-
ported until they are delivered over to such agent.
I say, therefore, that, under the act of 1819, it
was the duty of the President of the United
States to see that a " proper agent " was consti-
tuted to receive them; and if he was necessarily-
obliged to make a contract stipulating for their
support, in order to carry out the provisions of
the act of 1819, and he made a reasonable ar-
rangement, under the act of 1819,1 see no objec-
tion which can be made to the act of the Presi-
dent of the United States upon this subject.
The President seems to be between two fires,
both in front and rear. He is blamed by some
gentlemen of the North if he undertakes to carry
out the fugitive slave law, and by some in the
South if he assumes to carry into effect the act of
1819. I am opposed to all these superfine criti-
cisms and complaints, whether from the North or
the South. Without being the apologist of the
President, I maintain that in carrying out the laws
upon the statute-book he has acted in good faith
and with reason and common sense. Iam a State-
rights man, of the strictest sect, and am against a
loose construction of the Constitution, or any of
the statutes now in force under this Government;
but I submit it is not right, nor wise, nor accord-
ing to the well-defined principles o&law or com-
mon sense, to adopt those sublimated construc-
tions and, superfine notions, in relation to the
conduct of the President under the act of 1819.
Mr. MOORE. I move to i'nerease-the appro-
priation gl,000.
This question, Mr. Chairman, has been most
thoroughly discussed; and I do not propose to fol-
low the ground assumed yesterday by my col-
leagues. I think that the question involved in
this case is an important one, not whether the
slave trade should or should not be revived, but
whether the President was authorized by the law
of 1819 to enter into this conteact. I admit that
there have been precedents justifying the course
pursued by the President; but precedents are of
little worth when not sustained by law. And then
there is a question above and beyond that: it is
whether this Government shall conncct itself with
the schemes of the Colonization Society; and help
to bolster up that rotten concern, the Republic of
Liberia, which has proved by experiment to be
a failure and an abortion. The President in his
annual message tells us that there is no other point
on the coastof Africa where these Africans could
be carried consistently with the claims of human-
ity, except Liberia; that at any other point they
would be liable to perish for want of food and to
be again taken as the victims of the slave trade.
Now, the question comes up, whether, if the
President's assumption be true, that Liberia is
the only point that captured Africans can be re-
turned to, that colony is to be kept up, at the
expense of the Government, in all time to come,
as a receptacle for returned Africans? For one,
[ protest against that; and if this appropriation
bo sanctioned now, we will be authorizing the
President, and his successors, even though hun-
dreds and thousands of Africans should be cap-
tured in a year, to enter into similar contracts for
the safe-keeping, support, and education of such
Africans, in Liberia. Is it not so? Is it for our
Government to do the very work which the Col-
onization Society assumes to do ? I am opposed
to this Government lending its aid to, or taking
any part in, this scheme of colonization. Instead
of improving their own condition, and civilizing
and Christianizingthe natives of Africa, these free
blacks in Liberia have themselves deteriorated,
and are fast relapsing into ignorance, idolatry,
and barbarism. Let all aid be withdrawn by the
General Government, and also the contributions
now made by the States of Virginia and Mary-
land, and by the Board of Foreign Missions, and
by private individuals, and the so-called Republic
of Liberia will soon bo numbered among those
that have passed away.
On the plea of humanity—which gentlemen
invoked yesterday—the history of the passage
of the Niagara, with these Africans on board,
tells the tale that there was no humanity in send-
ing them back at all; for, with all the kind treat-
ment they received, fifty-seven of them perished
on the return voyage. But as to this, the President
is not responsible; for no one can deny that he had
a right to send them to Africa, though—accord-
ing to my view of fhe law of 1819—he was not
imperatively required to send them there. He
was required to send them beyond the limits of
the United States; and if he sent them to Canada
—that asylum for so many fugitive slaves—or to
any of the West India Islands, or anywhere else,
beyond the limits of the United States, he was
carrying out that law. > But I merely throw out
this suggestion. I certainly make no objection
to these Africans being returned to Africa, but I
do object to any appropriation of money for their
support and education after their return.
Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MILLSON. Iam surprised, Mr. Chair-
man, at the sensitiveness manifested by some
gentlemen who have spoken in this debate. 1 fear
that they entertain some vague, undefinable ap-
prehension that with the execution of this law is
associated some condemnation of the slave trade,
an#, therefore, of slavery. Gentlemen do not seem
to appreciate the strength of their own position.
To condemn the African slave trade is not to re-
proach slavery. Nothing'can be more unlike;
nothing more antagonistic. To uphold the slave
trade is to surrender the defense of slavery. It
is to abandon all those arguments by which the
justification of the system of slavery now existing
in the southern States becomes a demonstration.
Sir, I do not see what the President could have
done other than he has done. He is required by
law to capture all American slave vessels having
negroes on board taken from the coast of Africa^
What is to be done with them ? Are they to be
brought to the United States, and distributed
among our people as free negroes ' Why, no part
of the Union would complain mora bitterly than
the people of the southern States, if such a dis-
position were made of these negroes. Are they
to be reduced to slavery? Are they to be surren-
dered to those who brought them, in violation of
law, from the coast of Africa ? Clearly not. That
would be to allow them to profit by their own
crime. Are they to be made the slaves of the
Government? How can the Government of the
United States hold slaves? What, then, could be
done, but send them back? Independently of the
law, which made this the special duty of the Pres-
ident, the obligations which usually rest on all
Governments would make it their duty to restore
to their own country those who have been forcibly
taken away from it by the violence and rapine of
their own citizens and subjects.
The gentleman [Mr. Moore] says" that the
President was not obliged to send these negroes
back to the coast of Africa. The act expressly
provides that he shall do so.
The objection, however, is to supporting them
in the mean time. What was to be done with
them ? Are we required by the law to take them
into our possession only to subject them to star-
vation ? The law requires that they shall be sup-
ported. The same question was submitted to
Congress by Mr. Monroe. He stated his con-
struction of the law, and invited Congress, if it
differed from him, to pass some other law repu-
diating his construction. Congress was silent on
the subject. It acquiesced in the correctness of
the construction put upon it by a Virginia Presi-
dent. And now the attempt is made to question
the correctness of the course pursued by President
Buchanan in exact accordance with the precedent
thus silently acquiesced m by Congress.
1 ask the Clerk to read a paragraph, which I
send marked, from President Monroe's message
to Congress.
The Cleik read it, as follows:
" On due consideration of tlie sevei al sections of tlie act,
and of its humane policy, it was nuppo^ed to be the inten-
tion of Congress that all the persons above described who
mi?ht be taken under it, and landed in Africa, should be
aided in then letuin to their foinier homes, or m their es-
tablishment at or near the place where landed. Some shel-
ter and food would be necessary for them'there as soon a3
landed, let their subsequent disposition be what it might.
Should they be landed without such provision having been
previously made, they might perish. It was supposed, by
the authority given to tlie President to appointagents icsid-
mg on that coast, that they should provide such shelter and
food, and perform such beneficent and charitable offices as
are contemplated by tlie act."
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Buchanan has done
nothing more than Mr. Monroe did.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. MOORE. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. CASE. I move to strike out the whole of
this section. Mr. Chairman, this clause grows
out of the history of the two slave ships Echo and
"Wanderer, which history is so startling as to in-
