§16
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
all; and if the Chair makes a decision that itdoes,
"ihen I will appeal from that.
. Mr. BURNETT. Two appeals cannot be en"
tertained at the same time. The gentleman can
raise- that question when the question on his first
appeal is decided.. .
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is, "Shall
the deeisioa of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?" ' -
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the appeal on the
table. , • '* '
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The question on
the a-ppeal must be put.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not intend, without
having this question properly investigated, to be
stricken down in the exercise of one of my con-
stitutional rights.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order
again. The gentleman is not in order, and I in-
sist upon order.
Mr. SEWARD. I am insisting on it myself.
The question was taken; " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend by reduc-
ing the amount to $30,000. I do not intend to be
stopped from talking by any such outside move-
ments. 1 am opposed to the appropriation of this
amount of money.
Mr. JONES", of Pennsylvania. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is that the section has already
been stricken out, and no amendment can be made
to it. .
The CHAIRMAN. The section has not been
stricken out.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the House having solemnly voted in
$45,000, it is not in order to change the amount
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to increase the
amount to $100,1)00.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the same question of
order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. A sum certain has been
fixed, and it is not in order to move either to in-
crease or diminish it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is not the ques-
tion now upon the motion to strike out?
The CHAIRMAN. Itis.
Mr. BONHAM. Before that motion is put, I
move to amend the section by striking out the
words, " and any subsequent acta now in force
for the suppression of the slave trade." In re-
spect to the few remarks I propose to make, I
desire to have the ear of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. No other act,
so far as I am aware, which has been passed ap-
propriating money for the purpose of carrying
out the act of 3810, has ever included these wm ds.
There is no other act parsed since 1819, except
that of 1820, which attaches the death penalty to
the slave trade. Now, I would be glad to know
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means why these words are inserted, and what
they contemplate? If it is intended to put into
the hands of the President money for the purpose
of better executing the act of 1820, this is not the
place for it. If it is intended to enable the Pres-
ident, through agents, or otherwise, more effect-
ually to suppress the trade, I submit to the com-
mittee that this is not, the proper place. And
indeed, sir, it is not proper that, any money should
be appropriated for such a purpose; for the Pres-
ident is already clothed with power. I should
be glad to know from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means why this was put in
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, as I am opposed to the whole section; and I
propose to give my reasons for it. 1 look upon the
law for the suppiession nf the slave trade as mis-
chievous and wrong. While I do not pretend to
commit myself m reference to the policy of the
slave trade as affecting the States whose interests
would be touched by it, I am opposed to the i
whole law, because I think'it wrong, and a vio- '
lation of the Constitution.
The act suppressing the slave trade, actually
subjects the property of citizens to forfeiture for-
ever. If gentlemen look at the Constitution, they
will find that there is no crime known to it, except
treason, for which a man's -property can be for-
January 26,
feited, and then only for his life. And yet we
are appropriating money here to carry out a law
which forfeits the property of citizens forever, and
deprives them and their children of it; thereby
visiting the sins of the father (if it be a sin) on
the children.
The Constitution of the United States never
regarded the slave trade'as piracy. A limitation
was put in the Constitution, up to 1808, against
interference with the slave trade, and Congress
actually made the trade Jegal by permitting a cap-
itation tax of ten dollars per head to be assessed
on the importation of negroes into this country.
Besides that, Congress has made that a crime,
punishable by death, which was legalized by this
very capitation clause.
Now, let us reverse this. Suppose we were to
call on Congress to pass a lav/ authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to employ a thousand
marshals, and to pay them $500,000 to go and ar-
rest people who interfere with slaves in the South
and run them off to the North: what sort of a howl
would be got up here for thus taking money out
of the Treasury ? Your Navy is a police on the
sea to interfere with-people, and to arrest them in
the absence of any affidavit, by which alone,under
the Constitution, you can arrest a party for crime
in this country. •
Is it not true that a man cannot be arrested on
land unless there be some specific charge made
against him under oath ? And yet, when you get
to the high seas, your Navy is to be used as a
police to interfere with the business of citizens,
and to arrest them for a crime which is said to be
piracy. I say that that does strike at the institu-
tion of slavery at the South. I want to have that
law repealed. I want to leave this matter to be
settled by the States as a domestic question. I
doubt whether, so far as my State (Georgia) is
concerned, she would be benefited by the foreign
slave trade, because I think she has at present a
sufficient supply of labor.
Rut there are other States that may differ from
us in that respect; fnr instance, the State of Texas;
and I want all the States to have the right, with-
out, the interference of Congress, to carry on the
slave trade, if they wish. Is the slave trade any
more piracy—is it any more piracy to take a ne-
gro on the coast of Africa and bring him to a
southern State, than it is to take him away from
a southern Slate and run him off to the North?
Why not put both on an equality?
(.Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Bonham's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I indorse the speech just
made by the gentleman from Georgia, hut I desire
to say that I regard this whole discussion as ill-
timed and out of place. We have been debating
this bill for the last five days 
Mr. KELSEY. What is the gentleman's
amendment ?
Mr. 1-JA flKSDALE. I intend to move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand that !
there is any motion pending; I desire, therefore
to 
Mr. BARKSDALE. Yes; I move to strike out
the enactin? clause.
Mr. BCJKNKTT. I hope my friend from Mis-
sissippi wiil withdraw that motion for a moment,
and I will renew it, if he wishes.
Several Members, (on the Republican side of
the House,) No bargains." i
Mr. BARICSDALE. I will withdraw my mo- 1
tion, if my friend from Kentucky wiil renew it. I
Repeated cries of " No bargains/'from the Re- j
publican side of the House. !
Mr. BURNKTT. I cannot renew it, because I
I am going to offer an amendment to the sec- |
tion. !
Mr. BARKSDILE. I withdraw my motion. ^
Mr. BURNETT. Do 1 understand the Chair
to decide that the amount appropriated in this
Section cannot be incieased or diminished '
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. BURNETT. Th^n I move to strike out
the last two lines of the section. I have listened
to the discussion that has been indulged in here
to some extent, with surprise and with regret. I
regard the presentation of this subject of the re-
opening of the steve trade as trnfortwitiit® for the
section from which I come, and as in every point
of view useless.
I "se to a point of order.
.Mr* LEITER. I hope my colleague will not
raise his point of order. This i3 a family fight
over there, and I want to let them have it their
own way.
Several Members, (on the Republican side.)
Let him go on.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then I will not make the
point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. The act of 1819 has been
referred to by gentlemen in this discussion,to
show that there was no authority of law for usin«-
money in the education of these negroes on the
coast of Africa. I will not touch that question;
but I may be permitted to say, in this connection,
to my friends who see proper to differ with me,
'that I think the law does confer on the President
authority to do exactly what he has done. Add
to that those principles of humanity which ought
to govern and control the Executive of this great
Republic, and I say that the appropriation asked
for here ought to be made.
Now, on the subject of the slave trade. When
the time comes to solve the problem referred to
bj the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt,] it will be time enough for southern gen-
tlemen to move in the matter. There is no prop-
osition here to repeal the laws on the subject of
the slave trade.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman would not
allow me to submit such a proposition.
Mr. BURNETT. No; because it was not in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. It was as much in order as
this section of the bill.
, Mr. BURNETT. Let me repeat, that when
J the time comes for the solution of the problem in
regard to the slave trade, it will be time enough
then for southern statesmen to consider that ques-
tion. But I do regard it as premature at this time;
I regard it as placing the section of country from
which I come in a false position before the coun-
try, and I enter my solemn protest against it.
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Chairman, this ques-
tion is presented for our consideration by the Pres-
ident of the United States himself, in his annual
message to this body; and we are called upon
either to affirm the construction put upon the law
by him, or to say whether we shall give to it'a
different construction. It is not a matter, as the
gentleman from Kentucky says, that has been
dragged into debate unfortunately by members of
his own party. An appropriation is asked for in
this bill to carry out the contract made by the,
President with the Colonization Society, in Libe-
ria. The President himself expresses doubts
whether the construction given by him to the law
is a proper one; and we are called upon to declare
the meaning of this act of 1819. Why, then,should .
my friend say that we have forced this matter
before the House ?
So far as the slave trade is concerned, it has
nothing to do with this debate. There is no ne-
cessity of expressing any opinionas to whethcrthe
slave trade should be cariied on or not. I cannot
see that it has any connection whatever with the
subject under consideration,
i Mr. GROESBECK. I should be glad if the
j gentlemen who oppose this appropriation would
explain what they would have had the President
do with these negroes after they had been landed
[ on the coast of Africa?
i Mr. SINGLETON. Do with them? Why,let
I him place them back where they came from, and
they would be in no worse condition than they
were before they were captured. This Govern-
ment is already incurring sufficient expense in
keeping up an armed squadron on the coast of Af-
rica, to prevent the slave trade. What I desire
is, that we shall abide by the law as found on our
statute-book. Let us execute it to the very letter;
let us give them all they are entitled to, but not
proceed one step beyond. Suppose we affirm
this construction of the law, and in the next elect
tion the Black Republicans elect the President,
and Congress shall be prepared to register his
edicts; what limit will there be to the amount to
be expended for this purpose? If you can main-
tain and educate ther.i for one year, you may do
so for five, and if for five, then for an unlimited
period. Look for a moment, at the scope of this
contract. They are to be instructed in the arts of
