618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 will say to the gentle-
man from Indiana that he is mistaken if he sup-
poses that I advocated the opening of the slave
trade in the remarks I made. I expressed no
opinion upon the subject, one way -or the other,
becatjse I did not consider this the proper time,
upon this bill, to do so, and because it would not
be germane to this bill. When the proper time
arrives, I shall be ready to express my views fully
upon that matter.
Mr. HUGHES. I am happy to hear the dis-
claimers, and feel that I have effected some good
in calling them out.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, and I desire
to say to the gentleman from Mississippi that I
yield to no man upon this floor in devotion to the
rights of the States, and I will go as far as the
furthest to repel Federal aggression whenever the
time strives to do so. I hold that it is the duty
of the State-rights Democrats, hailing from the
South, to withhold from bringing into this dis-
cussion ai./question connected with the African
slave trade; for I care not*what may be the objects
and purposes of gentlemen; whether it is their in-
tention or not to reopen a discussion upon that
subject; whether they are in favor of or against
reopening the African slave trade; that is not the
question here. But the effect of this discussion
goes to the country; and as the question will be
presented there, we will be placed in a false po-
sition—a false position growing out of the discus-
sion of this question here.
Now, sir, I am for maintaining the laws of my
country; I am for enforcing the statutes upon our
Btutute-book; and I am opposed to all this higher-
law system, whether it be found in the North or
in the South. And, sir, I agree with the gentle-
man from Ohio, that when the President sent this
cargo of negroes to Africa, it was his duty to pro-
vide for them. I say that it was his sworn duty
to do it; and in doing it he was, in my judgment,
carrying out the act of 1819, as expounded by
President Monroe.
Another thing. I stand here to-day for the pur-
pose of voting this appropriation of money; and
why? Because, sir, the law of 1819, in my judg-
ment, authorizes it. And not only that. When
the President sent these negroes, who had been
torn from their homes, back to Africa, would gen-
tlemen have had them turned loose naked, and to
starve? That question has been asked here to-
day. No, sir; it would have been a disgrace upon
the American name and upon the character of our
country.
[Hero the.hnmmer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is, that general debate upon
this bill lias been closed; and the rule allows gen-
tlemen five minutes to offer and explain then-
amendments, but not to go into the ments of the
bill. 1 hope the Chair will confine each gentle-
man to that rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be most
happy to enforce the rules of order, but he can-
not anticipate the object of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] as he has not yet stated
for what purpose ho rose.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there not an amendment
to an amendment pending at this time?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The amendment to
the amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not withdrawn. I
object to its withdrawal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. John Cochrane] offered an amend-
ment, and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hughes] proposed an amendment to the amend-
ment, upon which he has been heard; and the
gentleman from Indiana yielded a portion of his
time to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Our-
nett,] and the Chair did not give the gentleman
from Kentucky the entire five minutes in conse-
quence thereof. So the amendment to the amend-
ment has nnt been opposed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indi-
ana may not have occupied his five minutes, but
the gentleman from Kentucky most certainly op-
posed the amendment. When he rose he de-
clared that he was opposed to the amfhdment.
He did oppose the amendment, and he spoke
against it. Then I say the spirit of that rule has
been complied with, and I object now to further
debate of that amendment, unless the Chair over-
rules me on a point of fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes no de-
cision, because he does not know for what purpose
the gentleman from Virginia rose. Even i£the
gentleman from Alabama is right, the gentleman
from Virginia may desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. But an amendment to an
amendment is already pending, and therefore no
other amendment is in order.
Mr. CLAY. Is this debate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am willing that
the vote should be taken.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Hughes to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the gentleman from New York,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE asked leave to with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object, and call
for a vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for the pur-
pose of submitting a motipn to terminate, if pos-
sible, this debate. There are two modes by
which it can bo accomplished, and I shall be en-
tirely satisfied with either. One is by reporting
the bill to the House, and that will give the amend-
ments already adopted a chance in the House.
That proposition not being concurred in, the
other mode is to strike out the enacting clause.
Either of those modes will terminate the debate
which I very much regret, and which 1 desire
shall not continue. Will it bo in order to move
that the bill be reported to the House?
The CHAIRMAN. Not while an amendment
is pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I move to
strike out the enacting clause; and I do trust the
motion will prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Virginia, that an
amendment is now pending.
Mr. BOCOCK. Hut a motion to strike out the
enacting clause takes precedence.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggested to
the gentleman from Virginia, before he made his
motion, that he was not aware, perhaps, that an
amendment was pending to strike out this last
section, upon wluch one vote was had by the
committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am perfectly
willing that the vote shall bo taken?1
Mr. BARKSDALp. I move to amend by
striking out the words, " and any subsequent acts
now in force."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has been
already rejected, and is not in order.
M r. B ARlvSDALE. Would a motion to strike
out the whole section be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is now pend-
ing.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I move to strike out
the words, "for the suppression of the slave trade."
It. strikes me, Mr. Chairman, that this debate
should not have taken place at all; and as it has
occurred, I regret exceedingly the spirit and tem-
per in which it has been conducted. J am satis-
fied that the President, m returning these negroes
to Africa, violated the law. There is no author-
ity in the law for the contract which he made to
maintain them for a year. The provisions of the
low are plain and simple, and required the Presi-
dent to return them to Africa, and deliver them to
stn agent there, and beyond that he had no author-
ity to-go. I believe, then, that the amendment
otFered by my colleague [Mr. Sixgleton] should
have been adopted; and in adopting it, the motive
of the President would not have been condemned,
while his official conduct might have been.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen have
seen fit to discuss the question of reopening the
Afiican slave trade. The discussion, in my judg-
ment, is ill-timed and out of place. At the proper
time and under proper circumstances, I shall be
fully prepared to take my position upon it, and,
as a southern man, I shall do it with reference to
"the effect it will have upon my constituents and
my section of the Union. The discussion of a
question of such vast magnitude should be con-
ducted calmly and dispassionately, and not m the
heat and passion of a debate like this.
I agree With the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Curry,] who spoke yesterday, that the safety of
the whole country depends upon an efficient and
faithful administration of the laws. And while
in this instance I will not arraign the,President's
motives, I shall vote against the appropriation
which he has asked Congress to give him.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, this bill, I be-
lieve, has been under consideration, first and last,
some six or seven days. I will admit that the de-
bate on'the other side of the House to-day, has
afforded me a good deal of edification, and I have
enjoyed it very much. But there is, sometimes,
too much of a good thing. Now, in opposing the
last amendment offered, I rise simply to make
this suggestion: If gentlemen on the other side
of the House will consent to take a vote on the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Case] to strike out the whole section, I believe it
to be the best thing that the committee can do. It
will bring the committee to a practical issue. Let
us, then, take the vote on that proposition, and
then the bill can be returned to the House, arid let
gentlemen have an opportunity of voting upon the
question by yeas and nays.
I do not undertake to speak for gentlemen on
thi3 side of the House, but I invite the attention
of the committee to this one point. We have
wasted too much time upon this bill.
A Mlmbhi, (on the Republican side of the
House.) Who has wasted it?
Mr. NICHOLS. That is not the question.
The country will judge as to where the discus-
sion came from, and will place the responsibility
on the right shoulders, l make this suggestion
calmly and fairly, and for the purpose of termin-
ating this difficulty. If there be any advantage
anywhere by it, be it so. I now propose that the
vote be taken on the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, and gentlemen can have an oppor-
tunity in the House of putting themselves on the
record by yeas and nays.
[Cries of " Question I" " Question !"]
Mr. CLAY. I rise, Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of making an explanation, which is, ill
some degree, personal, and is therefore a privi-
leged question. I had occasion yesterday to make
a remark that I was opposed to all the laws now
on our statute-book, in regard to the slave trade.
At that time the discussion on the bill which was
pending, had not taken the wide range which it
lias since taken, and which has led to the expres-
sions of opinion on different sides of this House
in regard to the question of the suppression or the
reopening of the slave trade. My own views on
this subject might be misconstrued by the coun-
try, did I not make the explanation which I now
intend to make. There is no man on this floor
who is more opposed to a reopening of the slave
trade than I am; and I believe that the people of
the district whom I have the honor to represent,
are as much opuosed to it as I am. Yesterday,
however, when 1 stated that I was opposed to the
laws now on our statute-book with regard to that
subject, I made the statement with deliberation.
I am opposed, for instance, to that law rendering
the slave trade piracy, because I believe the pen-
alty to be so severe that the law will never be en-
forced. I do not believe that in the South white
men are going to be hung up under this law. I
do not believe that a Boston jury would hang up
white men; and I think that other penalties might
be piovided.
But, sir, I am especially opposed to another
law, or rather treaty stipulation on our statute-
book', and that is the eighth article of the treaty
of Washington. I regard it as an entangling alli-
ance with Great Britain. I regard it as an alliance
so entangling, that last year it produced all those
outrages on our flag which occurred in the Gulf,
and it is producing every day outrages on our
flag on the coast of Africa, it is an entangling
alliance which requires us to keep a force of eighty
guns constantly on the coast of Africa.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CLAY. If the gentleman will indulge
mo a moment I shall have done. I believe that
alliance to be entangling, as I have said, and I
hope to see the notice given to Great Britain—as
provided for in another article of the treaty—which
will put an end to it, and leave us to pursue our
own policy without engagements with any other
country whatever. I have felt this explanation to
b# dus to myself.
