mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27*
The committee were divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 34, noes 94.
So the committee refused to strike out the en-
acting clause.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I propose now that we take
a vote to strike out the section, and by striking
it out we shall have a vote in the House to settle
the matter.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That .would force us to
vote for, or against, the whole amount in the
section. ' t.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will consent to nothing
which will not permit us to have a vote upon the
whole-amount; and if we cannot have it in the
House, we will have it in the committee.
Mr. BONHAM. I have an amendment to
move, by way of a proviso, to tho last clause of
the bill, and lest gentlemen may (suppose it is pre-
cisely the same amendment which has been re-
jected, I beg leave to inform them that it is not,
and they will see that it is so when it comes to be
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to say
that he shall insist that debate be confined to the
amendment proposed.
Mr. BONHAM. That is what I desire. I
move to amend by adding the following proviso:
Provided, Thatno part of tin? sum shall bo used for school-
ing "the thikiien,5" or lor ins-truetmg "the oluldien and
adults5' in the " arw of civilized life."
If the House will hear me one moment, they
will see that this is not the same amendment
which has already been rejected.
I agree with the gentleman who last addressed
the House, on the opposite side, in many of the
views which he presented; and I should be glad
to hear him come back to the question before the
House. I believe with him, that the debate has
taken a range which was not authorized. I am
opposed to the precedent which he so much de-
sires to have established; and if members will re-
fer to the remarks of Mr. Monroe, they will find
that he did not go to the extent to which Mr.
Buchanan has gone,
I do not intend to impugn the motives of the
President; I know them to have been good; but
he has gone beyond the law, and I submit that
he had no authority to contract with any body of
men to school these negro children, or to educate
the adults in 'Mho arts of civilized life."
1 go further than gentlemen on my own side. I
hold that we owe no higher obligations, so long
as the law is on the statute-books, than to send
back these Africans, to support them while here,
to provide for them, to place them m the hands
of good and responsible agents, and to put thorn
as near as we can in the same condition that they
occupied before. 1 go, not only for the letter, but
for the spirit of the law: and I think the spirit of
the law does enable tho President to place them
back in Africa, and to provide for thent, to a cer-
tain extent; but not to educate the children, and
to teach the adults and children the arts of civil-
ized life. That is the point that 1 make; arid I
trust that-Democratic gentlemen on this side of
the House will see it and appreciate it. I approve
of that sentiment and feeling that have been
spoken of; butat this point 1 submit to the gentle-
men from Ohio and Kentucky, [Messrs. Niciiols
and Burnett,] whether they aie disposed to go
further, and to have these Africans taught the
arts of civilized life? There is no such authority
in any law. President Monroe did not set a pre-
cedent for it. It is now, for the first time, that
we have an instance of having an item m an ap-
propriation bill for teaching Africans the arts of
civilized life. This is the point. I trust the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have not sought
the floor for the purpose of making a speech. 1
oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from South Carolina, and ask a vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Boxeiam's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Case's amend-
ment to strike out tho whole section.
Mr. NICHOLS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordeicd; and Messrs. Mason and
Cockehell were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 104, noes 20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee rise, and report the bill and amend-
ments to the House. %
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stevenson reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
bill of the House (No. 666) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, I860, and had instructed him to report the
same to the House, with sundry amendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As some gentle-
men have expressed a desire to have offered to
the House an amendment which was adopted by
the committee, and afterwards lost by the striking
out*of the whole section, I desire to give my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] an oppor-
tunity to offer it before I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend the last
clause in the bill as it was amended in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
move that £75,000 be strickcn out, and &45,000
inserted.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed, myself, to
the education of those Africans, whether they be
minors or adults; and I desire to ask the gentle-
man how he arrives at the fact that $30,000 is
required for their education?
Mr. CRAW FORD.. By information received
from the {Secretary of State. Pie says that it will
take $>30,000 for that purpose.
Mr. COLFAX. I appeal to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to redeem the
promise he made to me in committee, when 1
moved to strike out the appropriation for the mis-
sion to Persia. 1 asked him then what the amount
would be that the whole appropriation should be
reduced, and he said he behevea $10,000; but that
we could watt unhl after other amendments had
been acted on, and then the amount of the appro-
priation could be reduced. I ask him now to re-
deem his promise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The "committer
afterwaids took another view of the matter, and
struck out tho whole clause making appropria-
tions for the salaries of ministers abroad, and in-
serted the text proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. COLFAX. That was not done until four
distinct votes had been taken on striking out va-
rious missions.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I must object to
this.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I move the pre-
vious question,
Mr. BONHAM. I a«k the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to give me an
opportunity of in ti educing an amendment, which
I know Democrats on this side of the House will
support.
Mr. B YRKSDALE. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to
give mc an opportunity of moving an additional
section to the hill, which I am satisfied no gen-
tleman will object to.
Mr. EUSTiS. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means whether he
has brought the bill into the House for the pur-
pose of continuing the discussion, or for the pur-
! pose of voting ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER, f desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair. 1 desue to know how my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means, the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] can move
to amend a clause which has been stricken out
altogether by the Committee of the Whole? I
cannot understand how the consent of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means can
make such an amendment in order, when the
clause proposed to be amended has been stricken
out.
The SPEAKER. It is only the recommend-
ation of the Committee of the Whole that the
clause be stricken out.
Mr. LETCHER. The'clause is out, so far as
the action of the Committee of the Whole is con-
cerned.
The SPE \KER. It is entirely competent, in
the House, to perfect the clause before the vote is
taken on striking out.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me see if the Speaker
and I understand each other.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business—the vote on my
motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. When the bill was reported
to the House from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, was not the clause
stricken out ?
The SPEAKER. It was not.
Mr. LETCHER. It was not?
The SPEAKER. It was not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then what was the condition
of it?
The SPEAKER. There was a simple recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole that
the clause be stricken out.
Mr. LETCHER. We struck it out in com-
mittee by a direct vote.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself in to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tho Union,
with a view to take a recess; so that we may
have an evening session for debate.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be made
if there is objection.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I object. I am opposed to
the evening sessions.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the unan-
imous cm^entuf the House to offer an additional
section^ the bill.
Mr. MORGA N. As it is evident that nothing
will be done this evening,! move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agieed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 27, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. M. Noble.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, dated the 25th instant, with the accompany-
ing papers, in compliance with the requirement
of the act entitled, " An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United States,5'
approved August 18, 1856; which, on motion of
Mr. Hunter, was oidered to he on the table, and
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretaiy of the S< nate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives, in relation to the continuation
of the compilation and publication of the Ameri-
can State Papers; which was read, and, on motion
of Mr. Crittexden, leferred to the Committee
on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM TKT3 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allest, its Clerk, announced that the
Bouse of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills and joint resolutions; m which the con-
euirence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 830) for the punishment of the crime
of forgery or counterfeiting military bounty land
warrants, military bounty land certificates of lo-
cation, certificates of purchase, and receivers' re-
ceipts;
A bill (No. 831) to authorize the holding of
circuit and district courts at the city of Peoria,
Illinois; and
A joint resolution (No. 38) in relation to the
tobacco trade of the United States with foreign
countries.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 132) for the
enforcement of mechanics 'liens on buildings, &c.,
in the District of Columbia.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
