1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
on tho 25th instant, the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act for the relief of John Duncan;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Henry R. School-
craft;
An act for the relief of James G. Holmes; and
^ A joint resolution authorizing Townsend Har-
ris, United States consul generiu at Japan,andH.
C. I. Herskin, his interpreter, respectively, to
accept a snuff-box from her Majesty the Queen
of England.
And on the 12th instant;
An ast making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
A bill (IL Pc. No. 788) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to grant a register to the
schooner William A. I-IamiH.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying that arrant of land may be
made to aid in the construction of a wagon road
from Saginaw to Sheboygan; which was leferred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of citizens of Ot-
tawa county, Michigan, and residents of " Hoi- j
land Colony," so called, for the establishment of
a mail route from Grand Haven to Saugatuok;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Ottawa county, Michigan, and residents of the
"Holland Colony," so callul, for the creci'on of
a light-house, and a pier beacon light at the har-
bor of Black Lake, in that county; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of Hiram
J. Giaham, praying the organization of a new
Territory, to be composed oi Kansas, the south-
western-part of Nebraska, and the eastern part
of Utah; winch was refeirtd to the Committee
on Ten itoncs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Isaac
H. Randall, praying compensation for extra ser-
vices pel formed by him while a master's mate
attached to the Japan cxpf dition, under Com-
modore Peny; which, with ibo accompanying
papers, was lefericd to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mi. HOUSTON presented the memorial of
William Vance & brothers, praying the reim-
bursement of expenses incurred in furnishing
outfits to certain volunteers lor tho Mexican war,
who were marched to the place- of iend« zvous,
but were not finally nmstend into the service of
the United States; wInch was icferrod to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
citizens of Michigan, in relation to the appoint-
ments of chaplains in the public service; which j
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. JONES presented a pttiin-n of Ambrose '
S. Mead and others, citizens of Iowa, praying re- i
muneration for property destroyed by a wander- 1
ing baud of the Sioux Indians, in the spring of i
1857-58; which was refened to the Committee I
on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of William Col-
licott, pioymg i emuiicration fur loss sustained by
hfin m the cutty of land, through the eirors of
Government oiiiceis; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
lie also presented the petition of Warner L.
Clark, son and one of the heirs of B. W. Clark,
deceased, praying payment for supplies furnished
at the lequest of General Henry Dodge, to white
families taken mto the fort at White Oak Spiings,
to prevent their falling victims to the Indians dur-
ing the Black Hawk war; which was leferred to
the Committee on Claims.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. GREEN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be respectfully
requested to nansmit to the Senate, at the eatliest day pos-
sible, the full detailed repents of the surveys made by Lieu-
tenant Craven of the Navy, and Lieutenant Michler of the
topographical engineer.-, to verify surveys previously made,
for a"."hip canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
via the Atrato and Tiuando river*; and that the same con-
tain copies of the field-notes certified to by the'respective
officers, setting forth the measurement of distances, their di-
rection; the heights and inequalities of the ground passed
over, as determined by the spmt-Jevel, with a descriptiqnof
the maimer in-which the surveys were made, measurements
taken, and the instruments used; also, the result of any in-
strumental work that may have been done, together with the
number of cubic yards of earth and rock to be removed £o
construct n ship-canal, without locks, one hundred feet wide
at the water hnes, and timty feet deep at low tide ; also,
the opinion of said officers if a lower pass exists through the
mountains than that wluch they examined : these reports,
however, not to include any estimates of costs, or the bo-
tanical, or other descriptions of the natural history of the
country, until called for by Congress.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution,
Mr. MASON. I suggest to the Senator that
the usual form is, that the Secretary be directed.
I propose that amendment.
Mr. GREEN. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
POSTAGES AND EXPENDITURES.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution which relates
to a matter now pending before the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and I ask that
it may be read and considered at this time;
Rejoiced, That the Pom master General be requested to
communicate to the Senate the amount of postages received
in each State and Termory of the United States, for each
year, from J841) to the present time; and also the amount
paid in each year, for transportation in eaeli of *aul States
and Territories, indicating the rates of postage in each year,
and the number of letters transmitted by mail each yeai,if
practicable.
There beingno objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MASON. I think that resolution is liable
to.the same objection as the one which preceded
it. I move the same amendment, that the Post-
master General be " directed." It is better to pre-
serve the proper relation between the parties.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that amend-
ment.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
CANADIAN RECIPROCITY.
Mr. KTNG submitted the following resolution:
Rejoiced. That, the Committee on F'lnaiv r ho instructed,
when con'-iderins the levi-ion of the taiiif, or miv revenue
bill dunng the pre-ent >cvion, to niqmie wheihei the in-
creased lately levied In the jinn di Government lor
the (Janadas upon ail article-; not enumenui d in the .-eiied-
ule of tYi'o article in the treatv between the United State5?
and Great llritam, signed at Wa-hm^ron, on the r>tn day of
June, 16.il, known as the reeipioenv tn-.itv with th" Hi it-
l-d) Provneei, oneiou-. upon nil Mieh amcle, o\ported f 10m
the United State-, toCam<!<t,an<l on m<'n\ an.rle- amount- ]
mg to pio'uhitton. a;e not meon-Mont un,i the-pint and |
the pnnnples upon whieh the -,nd neaty \v;i- cnii jed into j
by tne hn:h eontraeting Povvei-; whether anv. and what. |
eouhfcivadnig duties oi legations v\ul be piopc r a-? a re- i
medial meavuie , and \\ . efii-i hoik e ro terminate the treaty l
on tho earliest aay authouzed by m MipaUmons ought not ]
to be given. j
Mr. HUNTER. I surest to the honorable j
Senator to allow that resolution to lie over until :
to-morrow. j
Mr. KING. I have no objection. j
The resolution lies over under-the rule. |
INDIAN CAMPAIGN. I
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution; j
which was considered by unanimous consent, and |
agreed to: I
i
Raolven, That tho Sceretarvof Wsa-'ie requested to far- .
m-h the Senate with a eopv of the topo^'p-ncid memoir 1
and map of Colonel Wn^ht'? rite campaign against the in- I
dians in Oiegon and Washington Tonitoi iuj.
MAIL DETENTIONS. |
Mr.HALE. I submitthc following resolution; ;
which I desire the Senate to consider at this time: !
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Po-t Ofiics and Post .
Itoad-i bo instructed to mfjim'"- into the expodiencvof author- i
lznigthe Poetnmster General to contrac t for the estahlhii- j
•ment ot a new po<t route by radroad conveyance between
the cities of Washington and New York, or in some other
mode providing for such conveyance oi the mails as the
public necessity requires.
I beg the indulgence of the Senate while I state
the reasons which induced me to offer the resolu-
tion, with the concurrence of the committee to
which I belong. There is very great, vuy un-
necessary, and very vexatious, delay of the mails 1
on the gieat route between this city and New j
York, by which all the communications of tho ■
country between East and West, North and South,
pass. I will not go into the particulars of it; but .
it is great and unnecessary. By the instruction of
theCommitteeon the Post Office ami PoatJRoads,!
have had several conferences with the Postmaster
General*and the Assistant Postmasrer General,"
Mr. Dundas, to whose charge this appropriately
belongs, and they tell me they are utterly power-
less to make any reform. I havesee'n some of
the agents of the railroads, where they stfy tha
blame is, and the railroad people say that they
are perfectly willing to make every convenient'
arrangement, but that the Postmaster General
will not do it; and the result is, that the mails are
delayed in New York arid Philadelphia unreason-
ably and vcxatiously. This is simply a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
The resolution was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES;
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the resolution of the city
council of Memphis, Tennessee, in favor of the
establishment of an inspection district, and the
erection of a marine hospital at that place, have
instructed me to report it back adversely to the
establishment of an hospital, and ask to he dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
other part of the resolution, provision having
been made by a general bill, now pending before
the Senate, in respect to that subject.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee,to whom
was referred the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. No. 554)
for changing the plan of the custom-house at Gal-
veston, in the State of Texas, reported in favor of
concurring in the amendment of the House.
Mr. CLAY. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House'(No. 7^3) to
authoiize the registering of the schooner Enter-
prise, of Wilson, New York, have instructed me to
make an adverse report.
Mr. KING subsequently rose and said: I would
inquire whether the report the Senator has just
made in regard to the registering of the schooner
Enterprise was an adverse report?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. KING. What action is taken on it?
Mr. CLAY. It lies on the table.
Mr. KING. 1 hope that report may be deferred
that I mav examine the papers.
The subject was not further pressed.
Mr. HAYAIID. The Committee'on the Judi-
ciary, to whom 'was referred the memorial of Wil-
ham Pettibone and others, practical bookbinders
and residents of Washington cay, piaymg the
correction oi* an abuse m relation to the ruling and
binding for the Executive Departments, believing
that they have no proper relation to abuses in the
binding and ruling of the Executive Departments,
ask to be discharged from ns further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Thesamecommittee,to whom
was referred a communication from A. (Jr. Miller,
in favor of the enactment of a law to authorize
the district courts of the Untied States to ap-
point commissioners, considering that there is no
necessity shown for the law contemplated by tho
application, huve*instiucted me to ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
ject.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. STUART, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was rcferrr d the bill (H. R. No.
804) to authorize settlers upon sixteenth and
thuty-sixth sections, who settled before the sur-
veys of the public tands, to preempt their settle-
ments, reported it without amendment.
He also, fiom the t^ame committee, to whom
was referred the bill (U. R. No. 551) to protect
the land fund for school purposes in Sarpy
county, Nebiaska Territory, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whrtm
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 803) to run,
mark, and establish, the western boundary of the
State of Minnesota, reported it with amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refined the bill (H. R. No. 803) to amend
an act (ntitled 4t An act authorizing repayment
for lund erroneously sold by tho United States,"
reported it without ana ndnunt.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
