APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
35tii Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
When wc compare the condition of the country
at the present day with what it was one year ago,
at the meeting of Congress, we have much reason
for gratitude to that Almighty Providence,which
has never failed to interpose for our relief, at the
most critical periods of our history. One year
ago, the sectional strife between the North and
the South on the dangerous subject of slavery,
had again become so intense as to threaten the
peace and perpetuity of the Confederacy. The
application for the admission of Kansas as a State
into the.Umon, fostered this unhappy agitation,
and brought the whole subject once more before
Congress. It was the desne of every patuot that
such measures of legislation mighttoe adopted as
would remove the excitement, from the States,
and confine it to the Temtot y wheie it legitimate-
ly belonged. Much has been done, I am happy
to say, towards the accomplishment of this objcct,
during the last session of Congress.
The Supreme Court of the United States had
previously decided, that all American citizens
have an equal right to take into the Ten itoncs
whatever is heid as property under the laws of
any of the States; and to hold such property there
under the guardianship of the Federal Constitu-
tion, so long as the tenitoiial condition shall re-
main.
This is now a well-established position, and the
proceedings of the last session weio alone want-
ing to give it practical effect. The principle has
been recognized, in some form or other, by an al-
most unanimous vote oi both Houses ofCongress,
that a Territory has a right to come into the
Union either as a free or a slave State, accoiding
to the will of a majority of its people. The just
equality of all the States has thus been vindicated,
and a fruitful source of dangerous dissension
among them has been removed.
Whilst such has been the beneficial tendency
of your legislative proceedings outside of Kansas,
their influence has nowheie been so happy as
within that Territory itself. Left to manage and
control its own affans in its own way, without !
the pressure of external influence, the revolution-
aryTopeka organization and mi lesistance to the '
territorial government established by Congress,
have been finally abandoned. As a natural con-
sequence, that tine Temtury now appears to be
tranquil and prosperous, and is attracting mcreas- !
ing thousands of immigrants to make it their 1
happy home. :
The past unfortunate experience of Kansas has '
enforced the lesson so often already taught, that 1
resistance to lawful authority, under our form of
government, cannot fail m the end to prove disas-
trous to its authors. Had the people of the Ter- I
ntoty yielded obedience to the laws enacted by i
their .Legislature, it would at the present moment ,
have contained a large additional population of!
industrious and enterprising citizens, who have I
New Series—No. 1.
been deterred from entering its borders by the
existence of civil strife and organized rebellion.
It was the resistance to rightful authority and
the persevering attempts to establish a revolution-
ary government under the Topeka constitution,
which caused the people of Kansas to commit the
grave error of refusing to vote for delegates to the
convention to frame a constitution under a law
not denied to be fair and just in its provisions.
This refusal to vote has been the prolific source
of all the evils which have followed. In their
hostility to the temtorial government, they dis-
: regaided tiie principles absolutely essential to the
[ woiking of oui foiin of government, that a ina-
j jonty of those who vote—not the majonty who
! may remain at home, from whate\ er cause—must
, deride the icsultof an election. For this reason,
; seeking to take advantage of their own error, they
i denied the authority of the convention thus elected
! to frame a constitution.
| The convention, notwithstanding,proceeded to
| adopt a constitution unexceptionable in its gene-
I ral features, and providing for the submission of
j the slavery question to a vote of the people,which,
< in my opinion, they weie bound to do, under the
j Kansas and Nebraska act. This was the all-
i important question which had alone convulsed
j the Territory; and yet the opponents of the law-
ful government, persisting m their first error, re-
! fiamed from exercising their right to vote,and
| preferred that slavery should continue, rather
' than surrender their revolutionary Topeka organ-
! ization.
| A wiser and better spirit seemed to prevail be-
; foic the first Monday of January last, when an
' election was held under the constitution. A ma-
j jonty of the people then voted for a Governor
j and otherState officers, for a mernberof Congress, I
! and mi rn be is of the State Legislature. This j
| election was wannly contested by the two politi- [
j cal parties in Kansas, and a greater vote was [
! polhd than at any previous election. A large i
I majority of the mombeis of the Legislature elect !
j belonged to that party which had previously re- i
\ fused to vote. The anti-slavery party were thus j
I pldced m the ascendant, and the political power
j of toe State was m their own hands. Had Con- ,
; £i*<jss admitted Kansas into the Union under ihe
Lccompmn constitution, the Legi«latuie might, '
at its very first session, have submitted the ques- :
Uon to a vote of the people, whether they would j
or would not have a convention to amend their '
constitution, either on the .slavery or any other I
question, and have adopted all necessary means !
for giving speeciy effect to the will of the major-
ity, Thus the Kansas question would have been
immediately and finally settled.
Undei these circumstances, I submitted to Con-
gress the constitution thus framed, with all the
officers already elected necessary to put the State
government into operation, accompanied by a
stiong recommendation in favor of the admission
of Kansas as a State. In the course of my long
public life I have never performed any official act >
which, in the retrospect, has afforded me more
heartfelt satisfaction. Its admission could have
inflicted no possible injury on any human being,
whilst it would, within a biief period, have ie-
stored peace to Kansas and harmony to the Union.
In that event, the slavery question would ere this
have been finally settled, according to the legally-
expressed will of a majority of the voters, and
popular sovereignty would thus have been vindi-
cated in a constitutional manner.
With my deep convictions of duty, I could
have pursued no other course. It is true, that,
as an individual, I had expressed an opinion both
before and during the session of the convention,
in favor of submitting the remaining clauses of
the constitution, as well as that concerning sla-
very, to the people. But, acting in an official
character, neither myself nor any human author-
ity had the power to rejudge the proceedings of
the convention,and declare the constitution which
it had framed to be a nullity. To have done this
would have been a violation of the Kansas and
Nebraska act, which left the people of the Terri-
tory " perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States.*'.
It would equally have violated the great principle
of popular sovereignty, at the foundation of our*-
institutions, to deprive the people of the power,
if they thought proper to exercise it, of confiding
to delegates elected by themselves the trust of
framing a constitution, without requiring them to
subject their constituents to the trouble, expense,
and delay of a second election. It would havo
been in opposition to many precedents in our his-
tory, commencing in the very best age of the Re-
public, of the admission of Territories as States
into the Union, without a previous vote of the
people, approving their constitution.
It is to be lamented that a question so insig-
nificant when viewed in its practical effects on the
people of Kansas, whether decided one way or
the other, should have kindled such a flame of
excitement throughout the country. This reflec-
tion may prove to be a lesson of wisdom and of
warning for our fjjture guidance. Practically
considered, the question is simply whether the
people of that Temtory should first come into
the Union and then change anyprovision in their
constitution not agreeable to themselves, or ac-
complish the very same object by remaining out
of the Union and fiaming unolherconstitution in
accordance with their will? In either case, the
result would be precisely the same. The only
difference in point of fact is, that the object would
have been much sooner attained, and the pacifi-
cation of Kansas more speedily effected, had it
been admitted as a State during the last session
of Congress.
My recommendation, however, for the imme-
diate admission of Kansas, failed to meet the
appiobatiou of Congress. They deemed it wiser
to adopt a different measure foi the settlement of
the question. For my own pait, I should have
been willing to yield my assent to almost any
constitutional measure to accomplish this object.
1, therefore, cordially acquiesced in what has been
called the English compromise, and approved the
" Act for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union " upon the terms therein pre-
scribed.
Under the ordinance which accompanied the
