1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
m
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—SI.
So it was ordered that five thousand extra
copies of the majority and minority reports of the
Committee on Foreign Relations be printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PEARCE, The Committee on the Li-
brary, to whom a joint resolution (S. No. 68)
for supplyingthe Choctaw nation with such copies
of the laws, journals, and public printed docu-
ments, as are furnished to the States and Terri-
tories, was referred, have directed me to report it
back with an amendment, and recommend its pas-
Sage with that amendment. I ask for its consid-
eration now. It cannot give rise to any debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. The committee reported it
with an amendment, to strike out the following
words:
" And that such sum as may be necessary lo defray the
expense of carrying into ellect this resolution bo, and the
same is hereby, appiopnatedont 01'any money in the Tieas-
ury not otheivvise appiopualed."
So that the resolution will read:
Be it resolved. <£c., That the Choctaw nation of Indians,
thiough such agent a? they may designate, lie furnished by
the Secretary of the Interior with such copies or volumes
of the laws of the United States, Journals of Congress, and
documents printed by ordei of (jon}ire=s, as are supplied to
the States and Tcmtoiies of the United States.
Mr. PEARCE. There is no necessity for the
appropriating clause. There is a fund at the
command of the Secretary of the Interior for the
purpose of transporting books; and there are ex-
tra copies, also, at his command.
The amendment was agreed to. The joint res-
olution was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in. The joint
resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read
a tliiid time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote on the passage of the resolution;
and the motion was entered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. As the hour of one o'clock
has arrived, I move to suspend all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. GWIN. I will not consume time. It is
known that we are now ready to vote on the Pa-
cific railroad bill; and I simply call for the yeas
and nays, to see whether the Senate will take up
the Indian appropriation bill and lay the railroad
bill aside.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall finish this
railroad bill to-d<tf. We have got now to the
very point of voting on it. Let us vote on it.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no idea that it can be
finished to-day. I think we had better dispose of
the appropriation hills. If wo do that, we can de- j
vote the rest of the time to the Pacific railroad, j
Let us pass the appropriation bills as they come, j
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate willnot ,
yield to the appeal of the Senator from Virginia. [
I hope we shall have some practical legislation I
this winter; and as the Pacific railroad recom-
mends itself so eminently to practical men, I hope
we shall have a vote on that.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope the motion
of the Senator from Virginia will be agreed to.
We should pay some regard to the injunction of
Pope, " Lo ! the poor Indian." I think the rail-
road bill is a very good thing, and sometimes an-
swers a very good purpose—to occupy the time
when wo have nothing else to do; but now I think
we should take up the Indian appropriation bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Huxter's motion, resulted—yeas 20, nays
32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Bayard, Chcsnuf, Clinsmin. Crit-
tenden.' Fessenden, Fitzpatliek, Foot, Ilale. Hammond,
Houston, Ilunlei, Mason, Peaice, I'olk, l'ugll, Reid/fhoin-
    New Jersey, Toouib*, and Wilson—'20
IV Wri—Mo&sis. Allen, Dell, Benjamin, liigler, Rnsht,
Ilrodenck, Ilrown, Cameron, Chandler. Unon, Ooolittle,
Ilou las, Duikee, Fitch, Fostoi, Gvvm, Ifamiin, Ilailan,
ivet-on, Johnson oi Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Koiji,
l\!ce, Esebastian, Seward, ShN'Uis, Sluiell, ^luau, Tmm-
bnll. Wade, and Ward—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, Army
and'Navy supplies, and all other Government
service, by railroad, from the Missouri river to
San Francisco, in the State of California.
Mr. CIGLER. I ask the consent of the Senate
to make a slight alteration in section four, line
twelve, by striking out the word " and" after the
word " road." It now reads, " for the space of
twenty miles on each side of said road, and for
the full extent of said eastern and western divis-
ions." The word " and," between " road"and
"for," should be stricken out. I move that
amendment, which is merely a verbal one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When this bill was under
consideration the other day, an amendment which
I offered was ruled out of order, because it was
decided by the Clmir that, after the amendment
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bigi.kr] had been adopted, the bill being in the
Senate and not in Committee of the Whole, it
was out of order to propose my amendment at
that time. I propose to reach the point by offer-
ing it now as an additional section, and 1 will state
what the effect of it will be. It will be that the
lands to be reserved for raihoad purposes will be
open to settlementand preemption at twenty shil-
lings per acre.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is to
insert as an additional section:
J3nd be it further enact cd, That nothing in this act con-
tained, shall withhold the land set apart and appropriated
thereby for railroad purposes, from settlement and pre-
emption at the pi.ee of $2 50 per acre, undci the provisions
of the act ot September, 1841, and the acta amendatory
: tiiereof. until paid lands are sold and conveyed under the
j pioviMons of tins act.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that amendment I ask
i for the yeas and nays. I shall not discuss the
! question. It is simplv to prevent the lands which
' are reserved for railroad purposes from being
: munopolizud by the contracting parties, and kept
; out of the market for a long period of tyne, and
' then sold at very high prices to the settlers, as
they have been on the Illinois Central and other
roads.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
! taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays ]2; as follows:
; YEAS—Allen, Pates, Bel], Benjamin, Bijrler,
I TJimht, Jhodeuek, Cameron,Chandler, Chittenden, Dixon,
' Doohttle, Dmkee, Fc^onden, Toot, Foster, Gwin, Hale,
Uamhn. Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,
, King, Peaieo. Polk, Pu'xh, Rice, Sebastian, Sewaid,
1 Shields, Snmnotia, ^ndell, rftuait, Toombs, Trumbull,
i Wail'1, and WiI.-oji—
; NAYS—Mosaic. Clay, CTuwnwn, Davis, Douglas Fitch,
' Gieen, Hammond, Iverson, Kennedy, Mason, lleid, and
| Wcud-1-2.
i So the amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope I shall not be
i charged with trespassing on tlie indulgence of the
I Senate, or desiring to take time in making re-
: marks; but I have one proposition which I desire
! to submit,and take the vote of the Senate upon;
' and then, so far as any amendments that T have
, any disposition to ofter are concerned, I have
; done.
' It seems, from the votes winch have already
1 been taken by the Senate, that there is a determ-
! ined disposition not to contemplate the entering
| into contracts for railroads on three routes. I
' propose, tiiPiefore, to offer an amendment, as ad-
! ditional seotioivs to the bill as it now stands, which
j will cost nothing whatever comparatively, sim-
I ply to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
| receive proposals both upon the northern and upon
! the southern route, to be submitted to the next
■ Congress. It is precisely similar to proposi-
ti tion of the Senator fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
;! cxcept that it has reference to the northern route
i' and the southern route, leaving the bill in its pres-
ji ent shape so far as the central route is concerned.
ii I submit this amendment, and I hope the Senate
i will adopt it. If propositions can be made on
j: these routes, it is but just that those propositions
i' should be received. They may shed some light
' on the action of Congress at the next session,
' when you come to act on any contracts which
may be entered into by the President under the
!I provisions of the present bill,
i; Mc. SEWARD, I am very sorry to differ with
my honorable friend from Wisconsin on that sub-
ject, but I think that the adoption of his amend-
ment will imply that the present bill will not
draw forth surveys or these two very routes.
My own impression is that this bill cannot be
executed until surveys and estimates have been
made for all the routes; and, therefore, 1 sj^all apt
vote for the amendment. . /
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The amendment will be read-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It will not Jae necessary
to read it at length. It is the same as the .propo-
sition offered by the Senator from Tennessee yes-
terday, with the single exception that it applies
only to the northern and southern routes, and not
at all to the central route.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
may be dispensed with by the unanimous consent
of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment,.as follows:
Sec. 15. Jlndbeit farther enacted,That it shall betheduty
of the Secretary of the Interior, upon the passage of this act,
bv advertisement in two newspaper-? in each State and in the
District of Columbia for a period of eight months, to invite
beparate proposals for the construction and working of two
other railroads from the valley of the Mississippi to the
Pacific ocean, within the territory and juriMlietion of the
United States: one commencing at some suitable point on
the western boundary of the State of Minnesota, running
thence, on what may appear the most eligible route, to
Puget Sound, in Washington Territory, with a branch to
Vancouver; one commencing at some suitable point on the
western boundary of Arkansas or Texas, thence pursuing
what may appear to be the most eliiriblc route to the Pacific
ocean ; the said railways to be constructed in a substantial
and woikmanlike manner, with necessary diaius, culverts,
bridges, viaduct?, closings, turnouts, «<duig^, stations, wa-
terinc-places, and all other appuilenances, including' the
lurnitine and rolling works or stock, equal m all respects
to a lir^t-cla^s railroad when prepared for business, with
rails of the best quality, weighing not lets than sixty-four
pounds to the yard, aud a uniform gauge ; andsuen adver-
tisement shall fuither sot foith that the person, or associa-
tion of persons, or company making such proposals, shall
stato, as distinctly as may be, the points selected as the
eastern and western termini oi the road he or they propose
to construct, and the line or route selected the most eli-
gible on winch to construct it, reserving the privilege of
making such deflections or departures from it as maybe
found in the progress of the work to offer greater facilities
and advantages; and that he or they shall specify the terms
and conditions on which he or they propose to construct the
road, classified as follows :
First. The tune within which the road is to be com-
menced and completed.
Second. The amount or extent and description ofthe aids,
facilities*, and privileges which will be expected or required
from the Government,whether consist ingoflands or money,
j or both ; and if in part of money, -whether in the shape of a
Joan or otherwise; and if a loan, when and how to be re-
j funded.
I Third. The late of charge, respectively, for conveying
i the mail weekly, semi-weekly, tri-week!y, and daily, when
1 the toad h completed, and the rate per mile for such por-
tions or divi-ion j ot ihe road as maybe complcttd and in use
betoie the completion ofthe whole; and tnt- late ofchaiges
: on all militaiy and naval supplier, troops, munitions of war
of all kinds, lor the transportation of the same on vud road
; tin oughout the entire line when completed, and on any less
portion or section of the same, as the want* of the Govern-
ment may require.
Fourth. The time or period beyond the completion ofthe
road at winch the party or parties to any such proposals will
sunender said load, with all ns equipments and appoint-
ments, to the United States, should the Government desire
such sutrender; whether after twenty, forty, or sixty years
of exclusive possession and enjoyment; and if any greatei
period than twenty years is proposed, at what reduced
amount ot aid and facility will be rcqusicd from the Gov-
ernment in consideration of such extension to foity or sixty
. years, respectively, the party oi putties to such proposals
will undeitake to constiuct ihc road ; and wlmt reduction
: of charges lor conveyuigthe mails and transporting military
I and naval supplier, troop*, and munition* of war ot all
i kinds, will be made in consideration of such extension.
I Fifth. The guutantees proposed for the faithful execution
j of any contiact which may be entered into with the United
j States for the construction of tin; roid, and against exces-
i sivc tare for the transposition ot pa-sen< cr;-, and exorbitant
j charges for canjmg freight of any description.
j Sec. 10. -%flndbeit further enacted, That all proposals shall
j be sealed, and addressed to the Secretary ot the Interior;
l who shall, previously to the commencement of the fir^trcg-
! ular session of the next (Jongros-., open the same in tne
r pres-ence of the other heads, oi Departments, and shall trans-
I mit eopie.s of the same to the two House* of Congress, as
1 soon as organized, th" original* to remain on file in tne De-
, partment of the Interior.
J Sec. 17. Jindheit further enacted, That the sum of® 
1 be, and the s-arnc is hereby, appropnatod, out of any mon«y
in tiie Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable the
Secretaiy of the Interior to carry the provisions of tnts aet
into efleet.
Mr. BIGLER. I am not certain as to the ef-
fect of this amendment. It seems to rac, how-
ever, that it should bean independent proposition.
It embodies in ltseif a disthvt policy, am), it' I
understand it properly, it cannot be reconciled
with the bill as it now stands. Tin; bill which is
pending authorizes the construction of a road on
the best route, the western tv.rmi.ms being at San
Francisco, and the eastern on the Missouri river,
between the mouths of the Kansas and the Big
