THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 3859.
New Series....No. 40.
are favorable to the general proposition of the con-
struction of a railroad across the continent. Therfe
is some disagreement of opinion as to the best
mode of constructing it. There is a disagreement
of opinion as to where the road should be located.
You have before you a bill which confines the
termini of the road. On the east, the terminus is on
the Missouri river, between the Big Sioux and the
Kansas rivers, I believe, giving a scope of some
four orfive degrees of latitude. You have the term-
inus on the Pacific designated, to wit, the city of j
San Francisco. ]
Now, sir, it has been urged in this body, and ,
it is an objection which carries weight to my j
mind, that, with the limitations of the termini of i
the road in the bill, it is still so latitudinous and j
so broad, and gives to the Executive so much \
power, that it cannot rcceive our favorable con- ;
sideration. That view was combated. The Sen- i
ator from California undertook to tell us that |
there^were no discretionary powers vested in the !
President; that there were limitations in the bill ,
to prevent his acting in this manner. He took |
his own view of it. Now he gets up here to-day j
and tells us that this bill does not provide for the j
middle route. What is it, then? If you are to j
make a circuitous route, and have, in point of fact, ■
a southern or a northern road, I want to know I
what becomes of the objection that has been made j
here in the Senate; and I want to know if it is not ;
a frank and unqualified admission that that dis- ]
cretionary power is in the hands of the President, 1
to which we object? I think the objection of the |
Senator from California this morning is an ample !
support of what has been said by those who op- |
pose the bill because the limitations in it are not '
sufficient. That is my judgment.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator allude to me? I
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes sir; I allude to the Sen- ■
ator from California. j
Mr. GWIN. I wish he would state what is j
his understanding of my remarks. Certainly, I I
never intended to say any such thing as he is :
quoting. i
Mr. HAMLIN. I understood the Senator to
say—I do not undertake to quote his woids, but 1
I undertook to state his position—that this lull did
not confer upon the President of the United States
any power; that it specified and defined certain
things which he could do; and that it gave him no
discretionary power in locating the road.
Mr. GWIN. What did I say this morning?
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator, this morning,
gets up and says, if we pass this bill, tlieie will
be no proposals for the central route, while there
will be proposals for the northern ard southern
routes. That is an admission that thus bill does
not propose to build the road on a central route,
as its friends have contended m this debate, and
as has been understood all over the country.
Mr. GWIN. Of course the Senator does not
wish to misstate my position.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly nof.
Mr. GWIN. I had not read this amendment,
but I stated that my impression was that it called
for proposals on two routes, leavirf£out the cen-
tral route; and, therefore, it was designating routes;
whereas, heretofore, it has been the intention not
to designate routes, although we designated the
points within which the termini should b§ on this
side and the other. This amendment designates
routes; and as it leaves out the central route entire-
ly, it might be. that no proposition being put in |
for that route, it might be excluded. That was j
my objection. '
"Mr. HAMLIN. The answer to that is, that ;
this is a bill which providesfor the central route; !
it provides for none other; the amendment pro- :
vides for a road north of this and another south ,j
of this, leaving this to be the ccntral road. Now, j
assume that this bill shall pass: the road must |
start on the east, between the two points I have j
named, the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers; and if i
there is any foice whatever in the objection sug- ,j
gested by the Senator from California this mom- j
mg against the bill as it rrtJw stands amended, it ;j
is an objection much stronger against the whole ii
40
bill; because it shows that there is no such limita-
tion and restriction upon the Executive power as
it is pretty generally conceded in this body ought
to be imposed/
Suppose the bill shall pass with the termini
fixed: all you have to do, under its provisions as
now amended, is to receive proposals for two ad**
ditional roads, one north and one south. Suppose
the road should be started at the mouth of the
Kansas river and should go all the way to Albu-
querque, or go still further south, so that some
portion of it might be regarded even as a south-
ern route: what then ? A strictly southern route,
I suppose, would be between points lying south
of the points named in this bill*, a northern route
would be between points north of those named in
the bill; and if, instead of terminating the road at
the point stated in this bill, you wanted a more
southern termination, you would have, under this
amendment, propositions as to the manner in
which the connections could be made. I do not
object to that; I am perfectly willing to vote for
it. The mam point which I suggest, and it is a
point which will control my vote in this matter,
is, that the Senator's own admission shows that
he has a bill as broad and as latitudinous as lan-
guage can make it; one which cannot receive the
sanction of my vote, let that road go where it will;
let the termination of it be where it may, if the
termination of it were in the noithoast comer of
our territory or at the southwest; no matter where.
If you are to have a road constructed under a bill
winch gives a latitude as broad an the continent,
it gives such latitude as can never receive my vote.
Mr, SIMMONS. Do I understand that the
bill is subject to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is open to
amendment.
Mr, SUMMONS. I had intended to offer an
amendment, trying to designate the route and
controlling the powers of the company somewhat;
but I find that the bill has been so amended that
I do not understand exactly how it stands. Is
the first section subject to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. SIMMONS'. I should like to strike the
whole of it out: and I make that motion. I want
to strike that out and put in a provision for tin
central route in the form contemplated in the
amendment of (he Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bkll ] I understand the Senate have adopted the
propositions contained m the amendment of the
Senator fiom Tennessee as regards a northern
and southern route; and now, it we strike outail
this provision about contracts, and ask for inform-
ation as to the central route, we. shall get just
where we ought to be. I think the Senators from
California have justly apprehended the purport
of this bill as it stands, it is a bill to begin any-
where between the mouths of the Big Sioux and
Kansas rivers on the east, and go down to the
southern line and through New Mexico to San
Francisco, m up north to the forty-ninth paiallel,
and get io San Francisco in that way. You may
make a road thiee thousand miles long under this
bill. This is what I understand to be the bill as
it is.
There are other objections to this bill. It is not
a perfect bill to build any road. It contains no
provision at all to guaid the rights of owners of
property along the entire length of the road; and
to t^ke it without payment is unconstitutional.
It instructs the President to make a contract, and
then mak.es the bill a pait of the contiact; and 1
want to know how Congress can alter it? It di-
rects the President to make a contract; it leaves
him no discretion about it; and it piovides that
after the contract is made, the parties who enter
into it shall locate the route, and Congress can-
not know where they locate it. If this bill pass-
es, Congress would never know where this rail-
road is to be built, except the eastern and western
end of it, until afier they were committed to it to
the tune of $34,000,000, and as much more m
land, and then the road will be located wherever
the contractors see fit; and that is a fair interpre-
tation of the bill, and you have parted with all
power to interfere with jhe contract. If this con- N
tract is made, and the bill becomes a part of it,
you cannot alter the bill.
There is another objection. The committeo
who reported the bill have stated repeatedly that
a road between these two termini nan be buiLtfor
$25,000,000, and the quantity of land proposed to
be donated. That information was said to come
from railroad builders; but before we get through,
without the slightest additional information, we
have carried the money grant $9,000,000 further
as a gratuity to people to come forward and bid.
I want to know if it is not inverting all the max-
ims of sound dealing, to say that you will give
$34,000,000 in money, anil thirty-four million
acres of land, and ask men how much more they
will take, how much- further compensation they
will take, to build a railroad ? Why do we not ask
them on what terms they will build a road before
j wc proffer anything? 1 am favorable to a road;
and I supposed the amendments which were
adopted were to distribute the money, so as to have
more for the desert portion; but when you com©
' to add it up, there is an increase of $9,000,000. I
move to strikeout all the bill, except what we have
just adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, as to the northern and southern routes,
and insert a provision for bids on the central route.
Then we shall be just where we ought to have been
before we began to legislate. We ought to have
| bids from responsible parties; and perfect surveys
of the routes ought to accompany them, so that
we should know what we were paying for, and
what we were going to get, and how much we
j were going to involve ourselves in, before we un-
j dertook to allow anybody to put his sign manual,
• and bind the United States of America. If I can
j reach that in any form, I shall be content with
! the bill; otherwise, I mean to vote against it. I
1 merely mention this. If I am compelled to vote
: against the bill, 1 shall give reasons for my posi-
I tion. I want to get a road; and I deliberately
j believe that this is the most judicious and pru-
1 dent method to reach the information that is in-
dispensable before we vote the money. I sup-
po.se that proposition is on the table; and if it can
. be so perfected as to make the series of routes
1 complete, by adding what was offered two or three
days ago, I shall be very happy to do so.
i The PRESIDING OFFICUR. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Rhode Island to pro-
j pose to stake out all after the enacting clause of
: the bill down to tiieamcndment offered this morn-
j ing by the Senator from Wisconsin.
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 shall vote against that
motion; and I am inclined to think that we acted
unwisely in adopting the amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin. We should either*
I proceed with the bill on the theory of three routes,
I and then put them on equal terms, or bring it to
; one route, and preserve its central character. My
object in rising now, was simply to coriect what
I; I conceive to be a misapprehension into which the
|! Senator from Rhode Island has fallen. He Says
,, that the committee, after bringing forward the
bill with the assurance that if it was passed it
i, would make a road, have increased the sum
J £9,000,000, without giving any reason for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say the committee
j: had increased it; the Senate have increased it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, the Senate have carried
i it beyond the committee's estimate $9,000,000,
ij and he did not see any xcason why they did so.
Without going into the question whether the limit
placed byithc committee on the amount of money,
£25,000,000, would have been sufficient to make
j. the road, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
j! ate to the fact, that the Original bill, as it came
j! from the committee, gave twenty sections of land
|i to the mile, m addition to the amount of mon^y
j' specified. The Senate have made three grand
1 divisions of the road; the eastern and the western
' are to be about five hundred miles each, leaving
1 the middle division to be about fifteen hundred
|| miles. The Senate struck oif the land grant, as
li to thatmiddledivision; and consequently thebill3
