626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
as it now stands amended by the Senate, while it
provides for $9,000,000 more than it did before,
grants eighteen million acres of land less than it
did before. I merely wished to call the attention
of the Senator from Rhode Island to that fact.
Whether this bill gives greater inducements than
the other, depends on the fact whether the eigh-
teen million acres of land, which are deducted
by the amendments made by the Senate, are
worth the $9,000,000 of credit which have been
added. •
I wish to say another word. I am not willing
to appropriate money from the Treasury for the
pui'pose of constructing this road; in other words,
1 am against a Government railroad. I am willing
to make a contract for transportation, and to give
any reasonable price for the transportation of the
mails and_ munitions of war, and if it will en-
courage the making of the road to do so in the
mode prescribed by this bill, I am willing to vote
an advance of money and a grant of land; but if
the object is the construction of a road to be built,
owned, and managed by this Government, I am
utterly opposed to it, and I wish to preserve that
distinction in my action here. 1 do not intend to
debate the question at length; but if the proposi-
tion is to make a road by the Federal Government,
to be owned and managed by it, 1 am utterly op-
posed to voting a dollar. 1 am willing to make
this grant of land, and to make a reasonable con-
tract for the transportation of the mail—a contract
that will insure our mails being carried to the
Pacific for less money than we are now paying,
perhaps not one half of what we are now paying,
and a contract for the transportation of Army and
Navy supplies and munitions of war, at lates
below what we are now paying. If such a con-
tract, costing the Government not a dollar, re-
ducing the transportation from the present cost,
will induce the construction of the road, I am
willing to ffive that much encouragement to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator calls my atten-
tion to a change that was made in this bill, by
adding $9,000,000, and taking off eighteen million
acres of land, and wants to know whether that
increases the grant. I should think the Senator
could answer that question himself. lie has just
made a proposition to sell that land at ten cents
an acre, and that is $1,800,000 against §9,000,000.
That is ciphered out mighty quick. The land
in the desert, as I understand his amendment, is
to be sold at ten cents an acre, if anybody will
take it. That is the land that you have saved.
The bill has disposed of it for one fifth part of the
money we put in. Now I suppose the Senator
is answered as to which provides for the most
money. Thfc bill now takes caie of that; it [tuts
away all the land we have retained, at ten cents
an acre, and we do not expect to get that. That
would not come to one fifth of the money we put
in, especially if we have to borrow it at five per
cent, for twenty years.
1 do not suppose the Senator from Illinois un-
derstood what I alluded to I asked the Senator
from New York, the other day, if it was supposed
that $25,000,000, the sum originally proposed to be
^granted by the bill, would secure the building of
the road? and he said that jaihoad men had as-
sured the committee that that was sufficient. It
was to these remarks I referred.
The Senator from Illinois says he is unwilling
to build the road with Government money; and
he tells us that this bill only proposes to advance
$30,000,000 in Government bonds. 1 call those
bonds money, and we are never to geta dollar of
it back. We shall owe the bonds when the rail-
road company have earned enough to pay for
them; and they will earn it in thiee or four years
at the rales we propose to give them for transpor-
tation. If 1 understand the bill, the mail scrvicc
will cost us about <£,000,000 a year, and the other
Government transjH>rtation, at the rates that we
now pay, will be more than ^10,000,000; and this
is to goon for twenty yc«us. After twenty years
the bill says this company siifjll contntfte to en-
joy the exclusive privilege of transportation for
us; bra then ihey must <Jo  t at icaioiuible rates,
according to the prices charged on other raihoads:
and if our officers cannot agree with them, the
matter is to be left Lo Congress. The bill secures
twenty years of service at the present exorbi-
tant rates, and says that after that this company
shall continue to do this service for us at the com-
mon prices charged by other railroads. Why not
begin by not allowing them to charge more than
the common prices of other railroads?
There is another provision in the bill to which
I will call attention. It provides that in the State
of California the mineral lands shall be excluded
from the grant to the company. Here, however,
is a chain of lands all along the route for twenty
miles wide, and throughout the Territories it in-
cludes the mineral lands and all. Now, it comes
out that it is calculated that the road will go
through Arizona, where there is said to be a great
deal of silver. We are to give all that away for
the railroad.-
I say, Mr. President, the more anybody exam-
ines this bill, the more it will be seen that it is a
mere programme; it is not filled up for practical
use. It is just like those railroad surveys that it
is said have cost us §1,000,000 to make and print.
Before any bills granting money for this purpose
can get my vote, I must know something about
where we are going, and what is the probable cost,
j I believe we shall manage this road a great deal
| better than anybody else, for there will always be
; somebody here who will watch the chest, and 1
! would prefer to have the road constructed by the
Government.
Now, suppose the present owners of the Pan-
ama railroad should make this contract, as they
may do; it will be to their interest to postpone
the construction of this road as long as they can;
for they have now a monopoly, and they will not
want to build this line. They will be making
excuses for forty years, as long as they can get
§120 for passage to California. They are the
only concern 1 have ever known that built a rail-
road whose stock is at one hundred and twenty in
the market to-day. It is managed with ability by
men of power and capital. You cannot find such
j a road in the United States. It is out of your ju-
risdiction. People who.have such tender scruples
about voting money, can contract to carry the
mails through all creation in everybody's terri-
tory except our own.
Hut, Mr. President, I will not detain the Sen-
ate. 1 say, that everybody who will look over
this bill carefully, will see, throughout its provis-
ions, great disorder and neglect of care. It does
not seem to have regarded the rights of anybody
' except contractors. I like the suggestion of the
Senator from Tennessee, about these contracts.
I do not like to contract in this way; but I am not
so wedded to any opinions about constitutional
power or expediency, that I would interfere with
a practicable plan that would accomplish the
work in a business and workmanlike manner. I
think the proposals which the Senator from Ten-
nessee asks for m his proposition, are indispen-
sable to our acting undei standingly on such an
immense project as this. It is a gieat work. It
cannot be carried on with all the patty doctrines
of the country. It should be disconnected from
them, and made as men make private contracts,
where they involve their private property; and the
only way we can get at anything detinue, is by
advertising for proposals, and letting everybody
have an opportunity to make proposals; and then
let us have them before us and consider them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fiom Rhode
Island, to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill /iown to the amendment ollered this
morning by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SIMMONS. And to insert a proposition
for bids for the central route on the same terms
as those proposed on the northern and southern
routes.
Mr. TOOMBS. You can insert that after-
wards.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what I mean.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is, to go back to the
proposition of the'Scnator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell.]
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I would suggest to the Senator
that it would better answer his purpose to pro-
pose, m connection with striking out, to insert
what ho means to insert; because it would justify
votes which would not be justified for a mere
proposition to strike out, leaving it uncertain
what was to be inserted.
Mr. SIMMONS. My proposition is to take
bids for the central route in connection with the
bids for the northern and southern routes, without
any preference to either; and then we shall know
how we are acting. I have indicated where I
should propose to make a railroad. I think that
nature and civilization and population have de-
fined the proper place; but I am not going to ex-
clude others. Give them all a-fair chance.
Mr. PUGH. How can the Senator accomplish
that? We have inserted the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, and I do not suppose it
is in order to insert this. It cannot be added to a
motion to strike out other sections.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the amendment I propose
prevails, it will be a simple proposition asking
proposals from the public upon what terms they
will build each of these three roads ? Two of
them are already provided for; and now I pro-
pose to provide for the third or central route.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is a point sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio that ought to be
well considered before we vote on the motion now
submitted. The Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment in the precise words in which it was pre-
sented by the Senator from Wisconsin. Now, if
we strike out all the rest of the bill save that, the
Senate have voted for it in that shape, and it is not
competent to amend it. That is the very point
that will be sprung upon my friend from Rhode
Island if we carry his proposition to strike out.
I, therefore, suggest to the Senator that we may
strike the words out, notwithstanding we have
adopted them this morning, if, at the same time,
we insert others. If the Senator will move to
strike out the whole bill, and give notice that he
will, after that is done, propose the amendment
offered by the Senator from Tennessee, or any
other amendment he may choose, meeting that"
point, his motion then will have no objection on
the ground of order; and I suggest to the Senator
that he so make his motion. If not, he will find
himself in trouble on a point of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly willing to take
a little hazard about'it, if you will adopt both
branches of my proposition. If it will not then
be all that was offered the other day by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, I do not understand it. I
do not want to strike out the two routes we have
got in. There are two thirds already obtained.
X do not want to amend that. I only want to
strike out the rest of the bill, and put in the prop-
osition which was offered the other day in the
precise language of this for the central route, and
then it will provide for three routes.
Mr, BELL. There is no difficulty, because the
amendment which the Senator from Rhode Island
proposes may be added to that portion which he
desires to retain, as an additional section. You
can add to it, though you cannot alter regularly
by parliamentary law in the Senate; but there is
> a way to get over all those difficulties. It is to
!, recommit the bill, with an order to report back
i any amendment you want.
11 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
| derstands the proposition of the Senator from
;j Rhode Island, as finally submitted, to be this—
| and in that shape the Chair thinks it is in order—
j! to strike out all of the bill after the enacting clause
] down to the amendment proposed this morning
by the Senator from Wisconsin,and insert a prop-
osition to receive proposals for the central route
in the very terms of the amendment heretofore
proposed by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
] IJell.] That *s in order.
I Mr. BELL. Now, 1 suggest whether the Sen-
jj ator from Rhode Island cannot offer an amend-
] ment to the bill as it stands, by adding, to the
t amendment adopted on the motion of the Senator
i from Wisconsin, a provision authorizing bids on
1 the central route. Then we shall get the sense
j of the Senate whether they are willing to include
the central loute also,and the question will come
> up on striking out all the rest of the bill as it
; stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Sucha motion
j would be in order.
j Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to accommodate
; my fnends. I move to strike out all after the en-
acting clause, and insert a bill in the very language
, of that olfered by the Senator from Tennessee
i yesterday. That embraces all three routes.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
order.
| Mr. !PUGH. We have voted that down once.
;! The PRESIDING OFFICER. That propo-
.! sition is in order, in the opinion of the Chair.
!i Mr. PUGH. Has it not been rejected?
