6
APPENDIX TO TH-E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
and its citizens which may be intended for tran-
sit, and not for distribution on the isthmus, free
of custom-honse or other charges by the Mexican
Government."
These treaty stipulations with New Granada
and Mexico, in addition to the considerations ap-
plicable to the Nicaragua route, seem to require
legislation for the purpose of carrying them into
effect.
The injuries which have been inflicted upon our
citizens in Costa Rica and Nicaragua during the
last two or three years have received the prompt
attention of this Government. Some of these in-
juries were of the most aggravated character.
The transaction at Yirgm Bay* in April, 1856,
when a company of unarmed Americans, who
were in no way connected with any belligerent
conduct or party, were fired upon by the troops
of Costa Rica, and numbers of them killed and
wounded, was brought to the knowledge of Con-
gress by my predecessor soon afterits occurrence;
and was also piescnted to the Government of Costa
Ricafor that immediate investigation and redress
which the nature of the ease demanded. A simi-
lar-course was pursued with reference to other
outrages in these countries, some of which were
hardly less aggravated in theircharacter than the
transaction at Virgin Bay. At the time, however,
when our present Minister to Nicaragua was ap-
pointed, m December, 1857, no redress had been
obtained for any of these wrongs, and no iep!y
even had been received to the demands which hnd
been made by this Government upon that of Costa
Rica more than a year before. Our Minister was
instructed, therefore, to lose no time in express-
ing to those Governments the deep regret wilh
which the President had witnessed this" inatten-
tion to the just claims of the United States, and
in demanding their prompt and satisfactory ad-
justment, Unless this demand shall be complied
with at an early day, it will only remain for this
Government to adopt such other measures as may
be necessary in order to obtain for itself thatjus-
tice which H has in vain attempted to secure, by
peaceful means from the Governments of Nica-
ragua and Costa Rica. While it. has shown, and
will continue to show, the most sincere regard for
the rights and honor of those Republics, it cannot
permit th*; regard to be met by an mter neglect,
on their part, of what is due to the Government
and citizens of the United States.
Against New Granada we have longstanding
causes of complaint, arising out of the unsatisfied
claims of our citizens upon that Republic; and tu
these have been more recently added the outiages
committed upon our citizens at Panama, in A pi d,
185G. A treaty for the adjustment of these diffi-
culties was concluded by the Secretary of Suite
and the Minister of New Granada, in September,
1857, which contained just and acceptable pro-
visions for that purpose. This treaty was trans-
mitted to Bogota, and was ratified by the Govern-
ment of New Granada, but with certain amend-
ments, H was not, however, returned to this
city until after the close of the last session of the
Senate. It will be immediately transmitted to
that body for their advice and consent; and should
this be obtained, it will remove all our existing
causes of complaint against New Granada on the
subject of claims.
Questions have arisen between the two Gov-
ernments as to the right of New Granada to levy
a tonnage duty upon the vessels of the United
States in its ports of the isthmus, and to levy a
passenger tax upon our citizens arriving in that
country, whether with a design to leinain theie
or to pass from ocean to ocean by the transit
route; and also a tax upon the mails of the Uni-
ted States transported over the Panama railroad.
The Government of New Grenada has been in-
formed that the United States would consider the
collection of either of these taxes as an act in vio-
lation of the treaty between the two countries,
and as such would be resisted by the United
States. At the same time, wo are prepared to
discuss these questions in a spirit of amity and
justice, and wuh a smeere desire to adjust them
in a satisfactory manner. A negotiation for that
* purpose lias already been commenced. No effort
has recently been made to collect those taxes, nor
is any anticipated under present circumstances.
With the empire of Brazil our relations are of
the most friendly character. The productions of
the two countries, and especially those of an ag-
ricultural nature, are such as to invite extensive
mutual exchanges. A large quantity of American
flour is consumed in Brazil; whilst more than
treble the amount in value of Brazilian coffee is
consumed in the United States. Whilst this is
the case, a heavy duty has been levied, until very
recently, upon the importation of American flour
into Brazil. I am gratified, however, to be able to
inform you that, m September last, this has been
reduced from $1 32 to about forty-nine cents per
barrel, and the duties on other articles of our pro-
duction have been diminished in nearly the same
proportion.
I regret to state that the Government of Brazil
still continues to levy an export duty of about
eleven per cent, on coffee, notwithstanding this
article is admitted free from duty m the United
States. This is a heavy charge upon the con-
sumers of coffee in our country, as we purchase
half of the entire surplus crop of that article
raised in Brazil. Our Minister, under in struct ions,
will reiterate his efforts to have this export duty
removed ;and i(t is hoped that the enlightened Gov-
ernment of the Emperor will adopt this wise, just,
and equal policy. In that event, there is good
reason to believe that the commerce between the
two countries will greatly inciease, much to the
advantage of both.
The claims of our citizens against the Govern-
ment of Biazil are not, in the aggregate, of very
lar^e amount; but some of these rest upon plain
principles of justice, and their settlement ought
not to be longer delayed. A renewed and earnest,
and I tru-:t a successful, effort will be made by
our Minister to procure their final adjustment.
On the :2d of .tune last, Congress passed a joint
lesolntjon authorizing the President " to adopt
such measures and use such iorco as, m his judg-
ment, may be necessary and advisable" " for the
purpose of adjusting the differences between the
United States and the Republic of Paiaguay, in
connection with the attack on the United States
steamer Water Witch, and with other measures
referred to" in his annual message. And on the
12th of July following, they made an appropria-
tion to defray the expenses and compensation of
a commissioner to that Republic, should the Pres-
ident deem it proper to make such an appoint-
ment.
In compliance with these enactments, I have
appointed a commissioner, who has proceeded to
Paiaguay, with full powers mid instructions to
settle these differences in an amicable and peace-
ful manner, ifth.i^j practicable. His experience
and discretion jusmy the hope that he may prove
successful in convincing the Pai aguayau Govern-
ment that it is due both to honor and justice, that
they should voluntanly and promptly make atone-
ment for the wrongs which they have committed
against the United States, and indemnify our in-
jured citizens whom they have forcibly despoiled
of their property.
Should our commissioner prove unsuccessful,
after a sincerc and earnest effort, to accomplish
the object of his mission, then no alternative will
remain but the employment of force to obtain
"justsatisfaction" from Paraguay, In view of
tins contingency, the Secretary of the Navy, un-
der my direction, has fitted out and dispatched a
naval force, to rendezvous near Buenos Ayres,
which, it is believed, will prove sufficient lor the
occasion. It is my earnest desire, however, that
it may not be found necessary to resort to this
last alternative.
When Congress met in De member last, the busi-
nescu of the country had just been crushed by one
of those periodical revulsions which are the inev-
itable consequence of our unsound and extrava-
gant system of bank credits and inflated currency.
Wuh all the elements of national wealth in abund-
ance, our manufactures were suspended, our use-
ful public and private enterprises were arrested,
and thousands of laborers were deprived of em-
ployment and reduced to want. Universal distress
prevailed among the commercial, manufacturing,
and mechanical classes. This revulsion was felt
the more severely m the United States because
similar causes had produced the like deplorable
effects throughout the commercial nations of Eu-
rope. All were experiencing sad reverses at the
same moment. Our manufacturers everywhere
suffered severely, not because of the recent reduc-
tion in the tariff of duties on imports, but because
there was no demand at any piice for their pro-
ductions. The people were obliged to restrict
themselves, in their purchases, to articles of pume
necessity. In the geneial prostration of business,
the iron manufacturers in different States proba-
bly suffered more than any other class, and much
destitution was the inevitable consequence among
the grent number of workmen who had been em-
ployed in this useful branch of our industry.
There could be no supply where there was no de-
mand. To present an example, there could be
no demand for railroad iron after our magnificent
system of railroads, extending its benefits to every
portion of the Union, had been brought to a dead
pause. The same consequences have lesulted
from similar causes to many other branches of
useful manufactures. It is self-evident that where
there is no ability to purchase manufactured arti-
cles, these cannot be sold, and, consequently,
must cease to be produced.
No Govei mnent, and especially a Government
ofsuch limited powers as that of the United States,
could have prevented the late revulsion. The
whole commercial world seemed for years to have
been rushing to this catastrophe. The same ruin-
ous consequences would have followed in the
United Sfat<js, whether the duties upon foreign
imports had remained as they were under the
tariff of 1646, or had been raised to a much higher
standard. The tariff of 1857 had no agency in
the result. The general causes existing through-
out the woild could not have been controlled by
the legislation of any particular country.
The pcuodical revulsions which have existed
in our past history, must continue to return at
intervals so long as our present unbounded sys-
tem of bank credits shall prevail. They will,
however, probably be the less severe in future;
because it is nbtto be expected, at least for many
years to come, that the commercial nations of
Europe, with whose interests our own are so ma-
terially involved, will expose themselves to sim-
ilar calamities. }jut this subject was treated so
much at large m my last annual message, that I
shall not now pursue it furthei. Still, I respect-
fully renew the recommendation in favor of the
passage o( a uniform baekiupt law, applicable to
banking institutions. This is all the power over
the subject which, I believe, the Fedeial Govern-
ment possesses. Such a law would mitigate,
though it might not prevent, the evil. The instinct
of self-prosei vation might produce a wholesome
restraint upon their banking business, if they
knew m advance that a suspension of specie pay-
ments would inevitably produce their civil death.
But the effects of the revulsion are now slowly
but surely passing away. The energy and en-
terprise of our citizens, with our unbounded re-
sources, will, within the period of another year,
restore a state of wholesome industry and trade.
Capital lias again accumulated in our large cities.
The rate of interest is there very low. Confidence
is gradually reviving; and so soon as it is discov-
ered that this capital can be profitably employed
m commercial and manufacturing enterprises, and
in thf construction of railroads and other works
of puhhcaiul private improvement,prosperity will
again smile throughout the land. It is vain, how-
ever, to disguixe the fact from ourselves, that a
speculative inflation of our currency, without a
corresponding inflation m othei countues whose
manufactures come into competition with our
own, must ever produce disastrous results to our
domestic manufactures. No tariff short of ab-
solute prohibition, can prevent these evil conse-
quences.
In connection with this subjcct, it is proper to
refer to our financial condition. The same causes
which have produced pecuniary distress through-
out the country, have so reduced tlie amount of
imports from foreign countries, that the revenue
has proved inadequate to meet the necessary ex-
penses of the Government. To supply the defi-
ciency, Congress, by the act of the 23d of De-
cember, 1857,authorized the issue of £20,000,000
of Treasury notes; and this proving inadequate,
they authorized, by the act of June 14, 1858, a
loan of $20,000,000, " to be applied to the pay-
ment of appropriations made by law."
