185'9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
try shall ask for proposals to build railways to
the Pacific over three lines. The Senator from
Tennessee, in this proposition, has made certain
conditions, and they are admirably put, giving
full and ample security; and if this bill shall pass
the House of Representatives in the form in which
it has now been adopted by the Senate, we shall
have, in less than ten months from this time,
propositions made for the construction of railways
over these three lines; we shall know what the
construction will cost over each of these lines; we
shall know ail about the question; and then the
next Congress, having these proposals before it,
can act intelligently upon the subject.
I voted for the amendment making three divis-
ions of the road across the continent. I believe
we can build the eastern and western divisions by
the land and money grants; but that we could
carry a thousand miles of railway across the in-
terior of this-country for $25,000 per mile, there
is no man in the Senate who believes a word of
it. If I could secure it, I should be glad to make
a contract over that thousand miles for $60,000 a
mile. You cannot make any practical railroad
man in this country believe that you can build
a railroad a thousand miles, through mountain
passes and over barren plains, in the center of
this continent, where you have to carry men, ma-
terials, and provisos > for less than from sixty to
seventy thousand dollars a mile. The railways
of this country average about thirty-five thousand
dollars a mile. Many of our best roads cost be-
tween seventy and eighty thousand dollars a mile.
You must carry yourworkmen to the line of this
road; you must support them there; you must
carry your iron there; you must carry all your
materials there; and the freight will be enormous.
I have great doubts whether a railroad to the
' bay of San Francisco can be constructed on the
conditions proposed by the bill reported by the
committee, even with the amendments which have
been adopted. Some of the most experienced rail-
road men of the country entertain these doubts.
I find these doubts expressed in the American
Railroad Journal, published in New York, and
edited by Mr. Henry V. Poor, a gentleman of
great intelligence, whose opinions are entitled to
great consideration. Refemiig to the various bills
before Congress, Mi. Poor says, in the Railroad
Journal for January: ;
" From the action ot Uongic^ so far, it is evident that ;
this body still labois uutfei sevvta! df hi-ions, each of which, !
if acted upon, tuificicut to detent the road In the l\i>t <
place, a laige donation < ( land i* pi opo&ed It unloi tun.it oly
happens that the gieater pait of the land on any of the |
routes proposed us ncaiiy woithluss, and h in-aithcient in j
value lo ioiir the ba-is oven of a ctcdit upon winch any |
coii-iderabie oonld lit* taised. That individual capital
would be seduced into diaihoad, unless based upon govern- '
mental aid. is prcpo.-tcious. No person suppo^-s that, lor a '<
long time to come, a railioad lo the Pacific would be 10- j
munerative. Tlune is no di-po ition on the pait of tho^c of !
our people who have money, to invent it, even in pioduct- !
ivc loads. With s-uch a feeling prevailing. it is> (oo much to j
suppose that tho public are going to add to then losses by |
investing in a new enterpuse, the unproductiveness of i
w Inch is assumed in the outlet. ;
" All this talk m Oongic*?, theicfoic, about contractors |
building the road, receiving a laigc donation of land, and a ]
pittance, m the bljape of payment, lot the carnage of the ;
mails capitalized, is really lilile better than so much torn- '
foolery. It pioves that the subject is either not undei^tood, I
or that there is a willingness on the part of the meinbcis to 1
deceive, or to be deceived—m other woids, that tiieyaie
thu« far talking for Buncombe. Jf a laiiiond be necc^aij,
theie i1- no mode so equitable for i aiding means for us con-
struction as upon the credit, and with the money, of the
people of the United States. They are collectivcly to leap
its advantages; and they should, in the «>amo manner, bear
the butdenofits construction. No road can be built by
any other means. To ba«o its conduction upon any othet,
is to start on a false hypothecs winch mu«t lead to a f-peedy
break-down, -oimns the public mind, and destroying public
confidence, and postponing foi yeais the progress of this
gieat woik.
"The making giants of lands and money at the present j
se*Mon of Congics* would not facilitate, but would really
retard, the project, as u would undoubtedly lead to precip-
itate action, and to mistakes, which could not be letneved
without xorioiw lo^es. The fiir-t step to be taken in the
present exigency to ascertain the route to be adopted. To
do this would occupy a corps of railroad enginoers at least
two, and pertfap- three, years. If Congrc&s would appoint
such a commission, and place it immediately in the field, it
might properly await the result of their surveys and exam-
inations. In the mean time, a more emphatic expression of
the popular will would be gamed, and anyaetion that might
then be taken would have the benefit of tar oetter tight and
information than we now possess."
I voted againsttheadoption of this amendment;
but now, as it has been adopted, I shall vote
against its recommitment. I shall vote for the bill
most cheerfully, for it is a practicable proposition.
It is an advertisement to the people of this coun-
try to make to the Government proposals for con-
structing a railroad over three lines to the Pacific
ocean. They have got to state the terms oBprhich
they will do it; they have got to say what guar-
antees for the fulfillment of the contract they will
give. The whole subject is specified in this bill,
in the clearest and fullest manner.
Then, sir, we shall have propositions; they wifi
come before Congress; the time spent this year
has not been lost entirely; we shall come to the
consideration of the subject another year with
larger inforrfftition, having before us the practical
opinions, the practical propositions of railway
constructors, of capitalists, and of men who are
willing to do something to construct a railway to
the Pacific ocean; and then we can act intelligently.
If we had these propositions hereto-day, is there a
Senator who does not believe we should be able
to act more intelligently than we can now act? Is
there a man here to-day who would not like to
have those propositions before us ? If those prop-
ositions had been here, our debates would have
been of an entirely different character; and if we
are in favor of constructing a road, we should
have determined before this time, over what line
it should run, and what one of those propositions
we would have accepted.
I, therefore, as a friend of a railway to the Pa-
cific ocean, shall vote against the recommitment
of this bill. I shall vote for its passage; and inq.0
doing I believe I am voting for a proposition more
likely to carry through a railway to the Pacific,
than the adoption of the original bill as it camc
from the committee would have done.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not want to
occupy the Senate long; but a remark that fell
from the honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] requires a single word from me. I
voted for this proposition; and he says the ene-
mies of the measure have killed this bill, consid-
ering that the adoption of the amendment is vir-
tually killing it. I am m favOr of a Pacific railroad;
I am in favor of connecting the settlements on the
Atlantic and Pacilic coasts by a railioad; and I
am glad to see the measure introduced, because I
hope and trust mat it may be inaugurating a new
idea that shall be felt in the practical legislation
of this country. The practical legislation of this
country, for a good many years past, springs out
of an msniie and foolish aping by our Govern-
ment of the abuses jind absurdities of the coun-
try from which we came—England—in violation
of the spirit of our Constitution, winch is, that
standing armies are dangerous to liberty. On the
contrary, we have gone on expending moneys in
time of peace for war purposes, until we present
the ridiculous absuiduy to the world of a nation
professing to be devoted to the puiposesof a
higher civilization than the barbarous ages that
preceded us, spending to-day, for war purposes,
between thirty and forty millions a year.
1 have noticed the commendable and praise-
worthy zeal with which the honorable Senator
from California pushes this measure, and I com-
mend him for it; but 1 have never seen his hand
holding backwards when there have been times
to dip deep into the public Treasury for the pur-
pose of foolish expenditure to increase the Army
and Navy. Sir, you cannot have two opposite
things at the same time. This Government must
devote itself to tho development of its resources,
and its poWer, and of its capacities for the pur-
poses of peace, of humanity, of science, and of
all the arts that elevate humanity and minister to
the progress of the race; or it may go on m blind
and stupid adherence to the precedents which
have been set us in the iron age of the world,
spending our money year after year, increasing
constantly and continually in keeping up a stand-
ing Army and increasing the Navy m time of
profound peace.
Now, sir, if the men who are in favor of this
measure really desire to see the energies of this
giant Republic directed in the legitimate channel
of improving the condition of the country, of de-
veloping its resources, of spending our means for,
something that will minister to the great purpose
of peace and of human progress and advance-
ment, let them begin at the right quarter and stop
the leaks upon the Treasury which go out in such
profusion for war purposes m time of peace. I
have before me the amount of the whole expend-
itures of this Government from its beginning up
to 1857, and I find that we have expended for
military purposes, $484,000,000, and. for naval "
purposes;$3jjM00,000, making about eight hun-
dred million dollars that we^have spent for war
purposes, three fourths of it, at least, in a time of
profound peace. Six hundred million dollars we
have spent in time of peace to prepare- far war*
and are not half so well prepare'd for it as if we
had not spent a dollar of the money, and we are
now spending forty or fifty millions every year
for the Army and Navy, which we are constantly
increasing; and in addition to that, we are voting
to put a great electioneering fund for the next
presidential election, $30,000,000, into the hands
of the President, under the pretense that he is .
to go on a filibustering expedition after Cuba. I
shail watch with some curiosity, some anxiety,
to see how those gentlemen who favor this great
project of peace and of commerce, and of social
intercourse, the Pacific railroad, will vote when
that gigantic scheme comes up to give $30,000,000
to the President. 1 should like to <see how these
gentlemen will vote on the propositions for in-
creasing the Navy. I have not seen the report of
the Secretary of War, but I have no doubt we
shall have propositions for increasing the Aimy.
I simply rise now to say that because 1 am in
favor of a Pacific railroad; because I am in favor
of giving public lands to agricultural colleges;
because I am in favor of peace and progress and
advancement in the higher purposes of the race,
I am opposed to increasing the Army and Navy,
and spending our Treasury for such purposes.
I say then, sir, I am a friend to the Pacific rail-
road; but I confess that I cannot claim the merit
that my distinguished friend from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] claims—that he has listened toeveiy-
thing that has been said here, and has voted for
every proposition that has been made in connec-
tion with this bill. I have not listened to ail the
speeches; and 1 think I am something the better
for it, too. [Laughter.] 1 have not voted upon
every proposition that has been made; but when
1 have been here, I have voted one way or the
other; though, to tell the truth, I have voted some-
times, not knowing whether I was voting right
or wiotig. [Laughter.] I have felt, and I think
a good many other gentlemen have felt with me,
that the proposition has not yet come before .the
Senate m such a practical manner as to com-
mand the attention or approbation of an unso
phisticated man who does not pretend to be
verscif in the wiles of those politicians who have
othor ends in view, as has been intimated by the
Senator from Maine. I say I staud m that posi-
tion, that I have not known sometimes how to
vote and how not#vote; and in such cases I have
followed the leaders, and gone with them gener-
ally; though, once in a while, I have voted against
the leaders. It is because I have not believed the
project was presented m a practical, tangible
shape, that! have not given that attention to the
subject which the honorable Senator from Maine
has.
But I think the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island is a wise one; it is a
practical one. It is the way that men pioceed in  
the oidinaiy transactions of business in every-
day life. In the first place, you sent out and made
a survey, and published big books about as large
as ton great family Bibles, and distributed them.
Having got that information, with an infinite lot
of pictures with it, the next step ordinarily would
be to issue proposals, to have somebody come in
and say, with all the light which these ten folios
shed on the subject, on what terms they would be
willing to undeitake to construct the road. We
havo^mude a suivoy, and now we ask for pro-
posals. I never built a house, but I think I have
understood from those who do build them that that
is the ordinary way of proceeding, and I think i-t
is making a step m the right direction. I wou4d
suggest to those young men who are impatient to
take this trip to the Pacific ocean by rail-cars, that,
if it is ever completed, it is not the thihg ot a day;
it is not the thing of a year. Sir, it will be a great
achievement if it be the result of a generation. I
have no idea that it is to be built at once. I have
no idea that there is to be a practical beginning
made at once. But, sir, I believe that ail the time,
all the labor, all the expense, all the delay, has
been well. I would include all the speeches, but
I believe that would be an extravagance. When
we have got these proposals, we shail have made
two steps in the right direction. I protest against
