APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps-.
ually our own coasts. I accordingly recommend
the passage of an act for this purpose.
The suggestions contained in the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, especially those in re-
gard to the disposition of the public domain, the
pension and bounty land system, the policy to-
wards the Indians, and the amendment of our
patentjaws, are worthy of the serious consider-
ation of Congress.
The Post Office Department occupies a position
very different from that of the other Departments.
For many years it was the policy of the Govern-
ment to render this a self-sustaining Department;
and if this cannot now be accomplished, in the
present condition of the country, we ought to
make as near an approach to it as may be prac-
ticable.
The Postmaster General is placed in a most
embarrassing position.by the existing laws. He j,
is obliged to carry these into effect. He has 110 ''
other alternative. He finds, however, that this |
cannot be done without heavy demands upon the
Treasury over and above what is received for ji
postage; and these have been progressively in-
creasing from year to year until they amounted
for the last fiscal year endmgon the 30th of June, j
1858, to more than four million and a half of dol- j.
lars; whilst it is estimated that for the present fis- [(
cal year they will amount to £>G,'290,000. These j!
sums are exclusive of the annual appropriation of 1
§700,000 for "compensation of the mail service 1
performed for the two Houses of Congress and
the other Departments and officers of the Govern- ;
ment in the transportation of free matter."
The cause of these large deficits is mainly at-
tributable to the increased expense of transporting 1
the mails. In 1852, the sum paid for this servicc
was but a fraction above four millions and a quar-
ter. Since that year it has annually increased
until, in 1858, it has reached more than eight mil-
lions and a quarter; and for the service ot lfcC>9, it j
is estimated that it will amount to more than ten
million dollars. !
The receipts of the Post Office Department can j
be made to approach or to equal its expenditure, !
only by means of the legislation of Congress. In j
applying any remedy, care should be taken that i
the people shall not be deprived of the advant- >
ages which they are fairly entitled to enjoy from |
the Post Oflice Department. The principal rem- J
edies recommended to the consideration of Con- ;
gress* by the Postmaster General, are to restore .
the former rate of postage upon single letter.* to ;
five cents; to substitute for the flanking puvdege
the delivery to those now entitled to enjoy it, of ,
post office stamps for their correspondence, and
to dircct the Department, in making contracts for '
the transportation of the mail, to confine itself to '
the payment of the sum necessary for this single i
purpose, without requiring it to be transported in
post coaches or carriages of any particular de-
scription. Under the present system, the expense
to the Government is greatly increased by requir-
ing that the mail shall be carried in such vehicles
as will accommodate passengers. This will be
done without pay from the Department, over all
roads where the travel will romuneiate the con-
tractors.
These recommendations deserve the grave con-
sideration of Congress.
I would again call your attention to the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad. Time and reflec-
tion have but served to confirm me in the truth
and justice of the observations winch I made on
this subject in my lustannual message, to winch
1 beg leave respectfully to refei.
It is freely admitted that it would be inexpedi-
ent for thift Government to exercise the power of
constructing the Pacific railroad by its own im-
mediate agents. Such a policy would increase
the patronage of the Executive to a dangerous
extent, and introduce a system of jobbing and
corruption which no vigilance on the part of Fed-
eral officials could cither prevent or detect. This
can only be done by the keen eye and active and
careful supervision of individual and private in-
terest. The construction of this road ought,
therefore, to be committed to companies incorpo-
rated by the States, or other agcncic3, whose pe-
cuniary interests would be directly involved.
Congress might then assist them in the work by
grants of land or of money, or both, under such
conditions and restrictions as would secure the
transportation of troops and munitions of war
free from any charge, and that of the United
States mail at a fair and reasonable price.
The progress of events since the commence-
ment of your last session, has shown how soon j
difficulties disappear before a firm and determined !
resolution. At that time such a road was deemed j
by wise and patriotic men to be a visionary pro- ;
ject. The great distance to be overcome, and the j
intervening mountains and deserts in the way, !
were obstacles which, in the opinion of many, j
could not be surmounted. Now, after the lapse
of but a single year, these obstacles, it has been
discovered, arc far less foimidable than they were
supposed to be; and mail stages, with passengers,
now pass and repass regularly, twice in each
week, by a common wagon road, between San
Francisco and St. Louis and Memphis, in less
than twenty-five days. The service has been as
regularly performed as it was, in former years,
between New York and this city.
Whilst disclaiming all authority to appropriate
money for the construction of this road, except
that derived from the war-making power of the
Constitution, there are important collateral con-
siderations urging us to undertake the work as
speedily as possible.
The first and most momentous of these is, that
such a road would be a powerful bond of union
between the States east and w-at of the Rocky
Mountains. This is so self-evident as to require
no illustration.
But asrrun, in a commercial point of view, I
consider this the great question of the day. With
the eastern front of our Republic stretching along
the Atlantic, and its western front along the Pa-
cific, if all the paus should be united by a safe,
easy, and rapid intercommunication, we must
necessarily command a very large proportion of
the trade both of Europe and Asia. Our recent
treaties witji China and Japan will op£n these uch
and populous empires to our commerce; and the
history of the world proves that the nation which
has gained possession of the trade with eastern
Asia has always become wealthy and powerful.
The peculiar geogiaplncal position of California
and our Pacific possessions invites American cap-
ital and enterprise into this fruitful field. To
1 reap the uch harvest, however, it is an indispens-
ably pierequisne that we shall first have a rail-
: road to convey and circulate us products through-
out evciy portion of the Union. Besides, such <1
liiihoad through our temperate latitude, which
; would not be impeded by the frosts and snows of
' winter, nor by lh£ tropical heats of summer,
would attract to irfcf much of the tisvel and the
i tiade of all nations passing between Europe and
I Asia.
1 On the 2lst of August last, Lieutenant J. N.
: Mallit, of the Unind States bug Dolphin, cap-
' tuied the slaver Echo, (formerly the Putnam,
i of New Orleans,) near Kay Verde, on the coast
| of Cuba, with more than three bundled African
] negroes on boaid. The prize, under the com-
i mand of Lieutenant Bi ad ford, of the United States
Navy, ariived at Charleston on the 27th August,
when the negroes, three hundred and six in num-
ber, were delivered into the custody of the United
States marshal for the district of South Carolina.
They weie first placed in Castlo Pinckney, and
aftei wards m Fort Sumter, for safe-keeping, and
were detained there until the 13th September,
when the survivors, two hundred and seventy-
one in number, were dehveied on board the Uni-
ted States steamer Niagara, to be transported to
the coast of Africa, under the chaige of^he agent
of the United States, pursuant to the provisions
of the act of the iid March, IrtlfJ, " in addition to
the acts prohibiting the smvo Undo." Under the
second section of this act the Presidents "author-
ized to make such regulations and arrangements
as he may deem expedient, for the safe-keeping,
support, and the removal beyond the limits of the
United States, of all such negroes, mulattoes, or
persons of color" eaptuied by vessels of the Uni-
ted States, as may be delivered to the marshal of
the district into which they arc brought;iS and to
appoint a proper person or persons residing upon
the coast of Africa, as agent or agents for receiv-
ing the negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color,
delivered from on board vessels seized in the pros-
ecution of the slave trade by commanders of the
United States armed vessels."
A doubt immediately arose as to the true con-
struction of this act. It is quite clear from its
terms that the President was authorized to provide
" for the safe-keeping, support, and removal " of
these negroes up till the time of their delivery to
the agent on the coast of Africa; but no express
provision was made for their protection and sup-
port after they had reached the place of their des-
tination. Still, an agent was to be appointed to
receive them m Africa: and it could not have been
supposed that Congress intended he should desert
them at the moment they were received, and turn
them loose on that inhospitable coast to perish
for wdfit of food, or to become again the victims
of the slave trade." Had this been the intention of
Congress, the employment of an agent to receive
them, who is required to reside on the coast, was
unnecessary, and they might have been landed
by our vessels anywhere m Africa, and left ex-
posed to the sufferings and the fate which would
certainly await them.
Mr. Monroe, in his special message of 17th
December, 1819, at the first session after the act
was parsed, announced to Congress what, in his
opinion, was its true construction. He believed
31 to be his duty under it to follow these un-
fortunates into Afiica, and make provision for
them there, until they should be able to provide
for themselves. In communicating this interpre-
tation of the act to Congress, he stated that some
doubt had been entertained as to its true intent
and meaning, and he submitted the question to
them, so that they might, "should it be deemed
advisable, amend the same before further pro-
ceedings arc had under it." Nothing was done
hy Congress to explain the act, and Mr. Monroe
procei ded to carry it into execution according to
his own interpretation. This, then, became the
practical construction. When the Africans from
on boaid the Echo were delivered to the marshal
at Charleston, it bceame my duty to consider
what disposition ought to be made of them under
the law. For many reasons, it was expedient to
remove them from that locality as speedily as pos-
sible. Although the conduct of the authorities
and citizens of Charleston, in giving countenance
to the execution of the law, was just what might
have been expected from their high character, yet
a prolonged continuance of three hundred Afri-
cans 111 the immediate vicinity of that city, could
not have failed to become a source of inconveni-
ence and anxiety to its inhabitants. Where to
send them, was the question. There was no por-
tion of the coast of Africa to which they could be
removed, with any regard to humanity, except to
Liberia.
Under these circumstances, an agreement was
entered into with the Colonization Society, on the
7th of September last, a copy of which is here-
with transmitted, under which the society en-
gaged, for the consideration of $45,000, to receive
these Africans in Liberia from the agent of the
United States, and furnish them, during the pe-
riod of one year thereafter, with comfortable
shelter, clothing, provisions, and medical attend-
ance, causing the children to receive schooling;
and all, whether children or adults, to be instruct-1
ed 111 the arts of civilized life suitable to their con-
dition. Tins aggregate of $43,000 was based upon
an allowance of $150 for each individual; and as
there has been considerable mortality among them,
and maybe more befoie they leach Africa, the
society have agreed, in an equitable spirit, to make
such a deduction from the amount as, under the
circumstances, may appear just and reasonable.
This cannot be fixed until we shall ascertain the
actual number which may become a charge to the
society.
It was also distinctly agreed that under no cir-
cumstances shall this Government be called upon
for any additional expenses. *
The agents of the society manifested a lauda-
ble desire to conform to the wishes of the Govern-
ment, throughout the transaction. They assured
me tout, niVi a careful calculation, they would be
icquircd to expend the sum of ^150 on each indi-
vidual in complying with the agreement, and they
would have nothing left to remunerate them for
their care, trouble, and responsibility. At all
events, I could make no better arrangement, and
