682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
select ft. Inasmuch, however, as the Senators
from Texas do not seem to have any inclination
for a Pacific railroad, though I think they are as
deeply interested in it as California, I am per-
fectly willing for them to build their line from
their own resources. California is not feble to do
it, I confess.
The Senator from Virginia has appealed to the
country that the opponents of the Pacific railroad
have not occupied the time of the Senate. Some
of us recollect that that Senator, six years ago, just
about this time, taunted the friends of the Pacific
railroad as he has to-day, saying that he had sat
by and witnessed that internecine war among the
friends of the measure that was its destruction. He
knew it would happen now, and ha has bided his
time; lie has waited for this very time; it wasnot
necessary for him to speak before. If he had be-
fore spoken in the terms of bitterness he has used
to-day, it might have beeif a warning in time to
the friends of the Pacific railroad not to walk into
the camp of the enemy as they have d-one to-day.
"Why, sir, that Senator tells you that he can al-
most vote for this bill as it now stands. That
ought to warn every gentleman that it is not a
plan to make a Pacific railroad. I would say to
those gentlemen who have professed such great
admiration for this measure, and have told us that
it will build a Pacific railroad, that they have
found themselves in the camp of the enemy, and
that is a very bad place to be found in, in war or
in peace. I do not think they will ever convert
such gentlemen as the Senator from Virginia to
their plan of building the Pacific railroad.
I was very much amused at the Senator from
Rhode Island, in speaking against monopolies and
speculators. Why, sir, he is the very child of
monopoly. I have never known a man so de-
voted to a protective tariff, to build up privileged
orders, as iie has been. He has devoted his life
to it. I served in Congress with thatSenatormany
years ago. Wake lum up in the night, and he
will say " specific duties," [Laughter;] and yet
lie speaks against monopoly; he warns the Sen-
ate 
Mr. DOUGLAS. You do not mean that spe-
cific duties conflict with being an anti-monopolist,
do you? [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. It used to bo so. The honrirnble
Senator from Rhode Island amused himself for
considerable time by talking against monopolies.
Why, sir, if ever there was a monopoly in this
country that equaled the Bank of the United States,
it was the tariff of 1S42, that that Senator contrib-
uted as much as any man to make, and he would
restore it in a moment, if he could.
Now, sir, I am free to confess that the Senator
from Virginia has told us some very unpleasant
truths to-day. One of them is that, from the
present prospect, we are likely never to build a
Pacific railroad; and I fear that the destiny of those
of us who live on the other side of the mountains
is to be very much as the Senator from New York
predicted some time ago: that we shall beat down
south into Mexico, while on this side of the
mountains this portion of the Confederacy will
also beat down south; and that ultimately we shall
have a separation. If this road is not built, I am
free to confess it is a mere question of time with
us, and if the Treasury remains in its present con-
dition very long, that time will soon come.
Sir, I have had hopes of passing a bill to build
a Pacific railroad. lam taken by surprise to-day.
The Senator from Maine said to-day that he did
not believe there were six members of this body
who were in favor of the original bill, or who
thought it would pass. I confess, I am one of
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misunder-
stood me. I have the report of my remarks be-
fore me now; and what I said was, that f did not
believe there were more than six members who
believed that if the bill should pass, a railroad
would be built under it.
Mr. GWIJN. I am one of those who believed
the bill,as reported, would secure the building of a
railroad. I have much more confidence than he
has in the capacity of the country through which
this road will pass, and the extraordinary results it
will produce, not only on commcrcc, but on pop-
ulation. I have believed, ever since it was pre-
sented in the form m which it stood before this
morning, that the bill would secure the construc-
tion of a railroad. I am very anxious to see if
there is not a prospect, a hope, of our agreeing
on some plan that will be more effective than the
one the Senate has voted in to-day. I have there-
fore made a motion to recommit the bill, and I am
perfectly willing that the friends of the measure
shall so prepare the bill as to give some vitality
to it.
The bill, as it now stands, provides for receiv-
ing proposals for three roads. If you were to
permit capitalists to make their proposals on any
route they might choose, but providing for only
one road, they would agree to build that one road
for one half what they will now propose when
they know they are to have two rivals. Here
is a proposal for three roads. There are to
be bids for three roads; and those who bid on
any one route will do so in view of two rivals,
not only for the patronage of the Government,
but for the transit of passengers and freight. If
the proposition were to invite bids on three routes,
to be accepted for one, then it would be some-
thing like a proposition to build a road. But I
do not wish to consume the time, and do not in-
tend to obtrude myself on the Senate any more
in connection with this question. I am, as the
Senator from Virginia says, honestly in favor of
a Pacific railroad. I am for it for national pur-
poses, as a national connection.
Mr. WARD. I merely wish to soy a word in
answer to the allusion which the honorable gen-
tleman has made to the Texas Senators on this
floor. He has said that he had satisfied himself
that the Senators from Texas did not want a road.
Really, Mr. President, I think that is somewhat
unfair.
Mr. GWIN. I mean after the fashion of the.
original bill, which loft it open for the route to be
selected by capital; as they were voting against
the bill, to lay it on the table, and to amend it.
Mr. WAIID. It is not to be presumed, because
one Senator does not give m to the views and
manner of constructing the road that another en-
tertains, that he is, therefore, opposed to the en-
terprise. The honorable gentleman and other
Senators on the floor have their own notions of
building a road, and honestly entertain them. I
have mine. I am as much for a road, according
to my own notions of the propriety of building a
rond, asi any other gentleman is who may differ
from me. This is the difference.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I hardly know
what to say m answer to the Senator from Cali-
fornia. This is a very unexpected demand upon
me. I have sat here during the whole session,
and made but one very short speech on the Pa-
cific railroad, and did not intend to make another.
I was satisfied to vote on the propositions as they
were brought forward severally, and to give all
the aid I possibly could towards the accomplish-
ment of the construction of the Pacific railroad.
I have no hesitancy in voting for it as a constitu-
tional and national measure. Iam not situated
as ;ire some gentlemen in the Senate, who cannot
find authority in the Constitution for the con-
■ struction of a Pacific railroad, and therefore are
not prepared to vote for any measure that tends to
accomplish that object.
Mr. President, it is some time since I read the
Constitution, becausel hear it so often discussed,
and such a variety of commentaries on it, that I
think it unnecessary to go to the original text.
The expositors seem more learned than the fra-
mers of the Constitution, and therefore it is unne-
cessary for me peruse it. By reviewing my recol-
lection of past events, however, I cannot recollect
that I have anywhere found authority in the Con-
stitution for the acquisition of any additional ter-
ritoiy to that owned at the time of its adoption.
I have not anywhere found constitutional author-
ity for the acquisition of California; and as Cali-
fornia was acquired without any constitutional
authority, I should suppose the construction of
the Pacific railroad was a mere consequence of
that unauthorized act of this Government. It has
become indispensable, in my opinion, to the well-
being of this Government, and to the preservation
of this Union, or of our connection with Califor-
nia, that a railroad should be constructed.
We have heretofoic exercised the authority of
constructing roads of a public character. How
the honorable gentleman from Virginia voted on
that question, I am not at this time advised; but
certainly Congress has made appropriations for
wagon roads for emigrant purposes, and the trans-
portation of the mails across the continent. I can-
not see any difference between our power to^con-
structawa^on roadand a railroad. Ifforpurp'oses
of war it is necessary to have communication
with California, it is proper to' construct a rail-
road. My object is to place California in such a
situation that when invaded by a foreign Power,
or when any other emergency requires it, the aid
of the Federal Government maybe speedily and
efficiently rendered to that State. That is the rea-
son why I am prepared to vote for a Pacific rail-
road; and if commercial advantages follow inci-
dentally in its train, they form no objection. I
do not wish the road constructed for commercial
purposes; butit is undoubtedly true that commer-
cial advantages will incidentally flow from it.
With these views, I have been very anxious
that a railroad should be constructed. I have not
held back my hand. I should be doing great in-
justice to the constituency whom I represent if I
were to be laggard on this occasion; but believ-
ing it more promotive of the object in view, I was
willing to withhold any speaking on the subject,
and to vote upon the several propositions pre-
sented, as I considered they tended towards the
consummation of the object in view. Texas
has made ample provision for the construction
of a railroad for eight hundred miles. She has
made the most liberal donation, not only out
of her treasury, but out of her ample public do-
main; she has agreed to give twenty sections of
land and $6,000 m money per mile; and although
all this has been done, she has been ruled out
generally by the amendments proposed to this
bill, for the purpose of absolutely excluding her
from a fair participancy in presenting the advant-
ages which she may possess to the consideration
of the nation. What did the ruling of her out
mean? Was there nothing sectional in that?
Was it intended to give a.fair and impartial
chance to ail portions of the Union, and let them
present their claims to the consideration of the
Government? Why should not the Texas road
come in competition with the roads in other por-
tions of the country? Why not leave the term-
inus on the east to be determined by the eligibility
of construction? For that I have voted.
I am as anxious for the construction of a Pacific
railroad, for the purposes whjch are designed, as
the honorable gentleman from California is; I de-
sire it as earnestly as he does; but I desire it as
a national object, and not as a sectional measure;
and whenever we come to consider it as a national
object, I am willing that Texas shall compare her
claims to preference with any other portion of the
country; and if she is not entitled to it by supe-
rior advantages to any other section, I would not
desire that a national work should be turned aside
from its true purpose' to subserve her interests;
but I think it is only right that she should have
a fair opportunity of bringing forward her claims
in competition with those other portions of the
country. Hence I have been disinclined to pro-
mote several suggestions that have been made in
relation to amendments to this bill; and I am still
indisposed to doit, until I see that she is brought
in fair and honest competition with other por-
tions of the country. When that shall be done,
I shall be prepared to vote for any nfeasure that
is fair and just; but not until then.
But I cannot see that my colleague or myself
have adopted a course which indicated a disincli-
nation to see this work accomplished; and now I
most heartily, cheerfully, and cordially support
this proposition of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, so far as it goes, to receive proposals
on three routes, or twenty if you please. I will
vote for it with great cheerfulness. It is the only
practical step that has yet been proposed, to my
apprehension, in relation to this whole bill. It has
been manifest for days past that we were notgoing
to adopt any railroad bill, and if we are to regard
the work as one for future accomplishment, this
is the first step that has been proposed to be taken
in advance, and I am ready to vote for it. Are
you going to determine to make a road without
knowing any of the necessary antecedents to that
determination? Is it not wise in us not only to cal-
culate the cost, but to see the probabilities of ef-
fecting the object, and to adopt the means that will
be best calculated for its accomplishment on the
safest terms ? I think it is; and I am disposed to
regard this as the only practicable and feasible
measure that has been proposed in relation to the
