10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
home. This last tax is paid not to the Treasury,
but to the manufacturer, thereby rendering such
a duty not only more burdensome, but grossly
unequal—the home producer being benefited at
the expense of the consumer.
If these principles are sound, it is obvious that
no tariff, strictly for revenue, has ever yet been
enacted m the United States.
The early legislation of the country contem-
plated other objects, such as fostering our thou
infant manufactures and encouraging the produc-
tion of indispensable articles, so as to render our
country independent of foreign Governments in
case of war.
The objects which originally led to our system
of duties have long since been attained; but under
that system targe interest's have grown up winch
have always claimed and received such consider-
ation fjrom Congress as to prevent the abandon-
ment of the idea of protection.
I do not expect that a-tanff will be now framed
on rigid revenue principles, but in all changes; an
effort should be made at least to avoid a further
departure from them.
Assuming that the general principles of the
present tariff act will be adhered to, all will admit
that, having ascertained the additional revenue
required as accurately as possible, the leust in-
crease of duty that will raise *he sum is the proper
rate to be adopted.
In determining, however, on what articles the
duty is to be inci cased, a strong appeal will doubt-
less be made so to discriminate as to afford nJief
to certain interests said to be unusually depressed.
In a period of general financial dish ess, such as
we have not yet entirely passed, each interest in
the country naturally {eels the want of any aid
that would lelieve its embarrassments and i< store
its prosperity. In responding to such a demand
care should betaken not to affoid the required
relief at the expense of another interest equally
in want of assistance, and equally entitled to ie-
ceive it at the hands of the Government. W hen
a general calamity has paralyzed the hand of in-
dustry and cramped the energies of the people, it
is unfortunate that at such a time, when the coun-
try is least able to bear it, the wants of the Gov-
ernment should force an increase of taxation. In
yielding to the necessity which compels the im-
position of the burden, let it be done with tii.it
spirit of justice which regaids with equal care
and protection all the varied interests of the
country.
In connection with this branch of the subject,
I would respectfully refer to the views presented
in my last annual loport to Congress.
It is also a subject of regret that a public neces-
sity requires a levision of the tariff act of 1857
before a sufficient time has elapsed fo test its legit-
imate effects upon the business of the counti v as
well as the revenues of the Government. False
impressions as to its operation must be carefully
guarded against. The fact thai this act went into
operation on the 1st of July, 1357, and was fol-
lowed so soon by the disastious revulsion of that
year, has induced many persons to believe that
the one was the necessary cause of the other. The
advocates of a high protective tarifl have not failed
to avail themselves of tins circumstance to press
upon the public mind their peculiar system of
affording relief to a distressed people, by increas-
ing their taxes Every interest m the country
which suffered m the general calamity has been
earnestly appealed to, and no efforts have been
spared to induce each and all to behove that their
misfortunes ha\e been produced by the passage
of the tanff of lb>57. Theie is, however, one im-
portant point in the argument where the logic of
the protectionists is wholly at fault. The revul-
sion was not confined to the United States, or
even to this continent. It swept over the woild,
and was felt with equal and perhaps greater se-
verity m other countries than our own. These
results have been too universal to have been
brought about by a reduction of about twenty per
cent, upon the rates of duty m the United States,
being a reduction of about "five percent, upon our
importations. The argument ot the protectionists
is, that a reduction of our duties stimulates the
foieign trad^, and in this instance its legitimate
efleet should have been to relieve the embarrass-
ments of the counties with whom we trade, by
j opening a larger market for their productions.
I They charge that the increased importation of
! foreign goods into the country is disastrous to the
j business of the home producer and manufacturer,
i by depriving them of the markets of their own
| country. Such is the theory of the protectionists.
! Let us apply to it the facts which have transpired
| under the operations of the tariff of 1857.
The foreign producer and manufacturer have
■ not been benefited by the reduction. At all events
: they have not been preserved from the general
, calamity which has come upon the producers and
manufacturers of similar articles m our own coun-
try.
1 The importations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 3858, the first and only year of the present
tariff, amount to $2S;2}013,1511, being £73,276,991
, less than the importations, of the last year of the
tariff of 1640.
i These two facts alor.e furnish a strong rcfuta-
, tion of the theory we are combating.
' For the purpose, however, of a more thorough
. examination of the question, I propose to con-
I aider the opeiations of the iron interest during
: the same penod. I have selected iron for two
, reasons: fiist, it is one of the most important in-
1 terests in the counti y, desei vmg the care and pio-
; teeuon of the Government to as great an extent
as any other; and, secondly, because it has suf-
ficed as much, if not more, than any other inter-
est from the recent revulsion.
. Hy reference to table six, appended to this re-
port, it will hi' seen that the importation of iron
and steel of all kinds amounted, m the year end-
ing.Tune 30, 1857, to ^•25,051,111. In the }'ear
ending June 30, 1858, it amounted to ^16,323,033:
being a leduetion of ftlJ,G"26,U7\2. This leduction
is accounted for m part by tne reduced pnees of
the last year; but theie is shown, by the same
: table, a huge iidm tion in the amount of nnpoi ted
and all manufactaies
iron. Whatever
u on
cause, thei efore, may have produced the great de-
pression of the iron interests during the last year,
it is very clear that it is not ow mg to an increased
importation of foreign non under the act of 1857.
If, as alleged, the puce of iron in this country [
has been reduced by the mcieased importations j
caused by the reduction ot duties, then the price j
of the article in those eoumiles fioni which we .
impoitoughl to have been beneficially affected. [
A compaiison of the price,3 111 tins and foreign !
counti les duung the la^t year Will show thai such*!
was not the fact, as the price fell not only in the j
United States, but m Europe also. The price of !
pis;-non, on boaid, at Glasgow,on December 31, !
1H5G, was 74s. (hi.; 011 December 31, 1657, 5Us.
()</.; being a decllflfe of tw nty-nine per centum. !
The average price at New York for January, 1857, '
was fs^5; lor Januaiy, 1^58, way ^20 50; showing |
a decline of eighteen per centum. The difference 1
between the highest and lowest prices in New j
Yoik fa the year 1857, being '.pol m April, 1857, j
and >^3 in December, is les-* than twenty-six per !
centum, whilst the difference between the highest '
and lowest for the same year, at Liverpool, was I
thirty per centum. j
Tiie aveia^e puce of bar iron at Inveipool tor January. 1857, j
i'/* pi u c of bar mm at l<i
, IS-.">8. w;H 
erpool loi
G 12
b J.
r>
&55
48
vv a- ..
Th" avet
J.U1U5U
Diiioience, 18 pf,i cent.
The ,i\''ia'.re pnee of bai nou at Xcw \oik for
Januaiv, 1.-'."", was 
Tne iiveia'ze ptiee of hat nou at ATcw Yoik for
Jan'i.uy. \va> 
1'ilL'reuce neaiiy i 3 pet cent.
Novv, it will hardly be contended thata reduc-
tion of six per cent, m our tariff depressed the
price of iron 111 Glasgow and Liverpool. The
argument of the protectionists contemplates a dif-
ferent result. Tiiese facts show that the prices
have been as well sustained m America as in Eu-
rope, and that the depression which occurred
must have been biought on by causcs common
to both countries, and independent of the tariff
of 1857. It may be said that the prices in Amer-
ica would have been better sustained with a high-
er tariff by excluding the importation of iron from
England at the low prices ruling there. The an-
swer is, that, if the price of any commodity falls
111 the markets of the world, our people, as con-
sumers, are entitled to the benefit of the reduc-
tion, and it is not just that the price should be
unnaturally sustained by legislation.
This is especially true when the same causes
have produced a like decline in almost every im-
portant product of our country.
A table is appended, (marked 8,) compiled from
the most reliable sources accessible in the absence
of any official record, showing the average price
for the three last fiscal years, and for each month
of each year in the market of New York of a
number of leading articles. From this table it
will appear that from the year ending June 30,
1857, to that ending June 30, 1858, there was a
decline m leading articles as follows:
Wheal Hour -?A per ecnt. Hay 20 per cent.
Hemp 3<5 •* r'ujjat 20 "
MolrNsf^ 31 " Piy iron  15 "
Bar 11011 12 <* Leather J7 'c
Wool.', };> a Whale oil 19 "
Rice     13 Tobacco    .10 "
L'mk  9 " Copper  17 >{
Batter 10 " Cheese .........23
No class loses more heavily or sustains greater
privations in a period of general revulsion than
the agriculturists, and it is asking too much of
them to submit to additional burdens in order to
exempt a favored portion of their fellow-citizens
from the common calamity.
The above list also shows how little the de-
cline in prices can be ascribed to the change in the
tariff made in 1857. It occurred indifferently, in
articles imported in the most trivial quantities,
and in those most largely imported; in articles
the duty on which was unchanged, and in those
on which it was diminished; proving that the
cause was outside of all tariff regulations and be-
yond the control of legislation.
Eut if it be alleged that although the changes
made in 1857 did not injure the American manu-
facturer, yet that such has been the result of the
tai iff of 184G, which was based on the same prin-
ciples, the answer is, thayt does not appear that
the manufacturing interest has suffered from that
tariff. While some particular branches, prema-
turely or improvidently entered into, may have
failed, yet the fact is well known that all the great
manufacturing interests have largely increased
since 1846, more rapidly than the population and
; and general production of the country.
An examination of the statistics published under
the authority of various Slates, among which may
be specified Alassacbusetts, New York, and Ohio,
will abundantly prove the proposition. Onemode
of ascertaining thf comparative prosperity of the
several industrial interests of the country, at dif-
ferent times, is by comparing the amountsjof pro-
ducts exported to foreign countries, it being obvi-
ous that those who can compete in the common
market with the like products of other countries
can certainly maintain themselves at home.
Applying this test to the facts, we find the fol-
lowing results:
Tin* export of Ameucan manufacturer for the year 1847
was  $10,476,345
For the veai 1858  30,372.180
Increase, .$'19,895,835, equal to 190 per cent.
fn Un- •same ye.ua the e.\port-> ot cotton were—
[u 1.-17  53,435.848
In 1808   131,386,661
I iicrea-e. s77,97J,813, equal to HS per cent.
Tobacco, 3 817   7,242.086
I)o. 1^8  17,009.767
Increase, §9,"567,68], equal to 135 per cent.
The exports of agricultural production, except
cotton and tobacco, during the same period, show
an actual decrease, which, however, is not a fair
comparison, as 1847 was a year of famine in Eu-
rope; but the increase of those exports, by a fair
comparison of the two periods, is about from sev-
enty-five to one hundred per cent.
Of the exports of manufactures, those of iron
and the manufactures of iron are found to be:
Trt 1847 $1,167,-184
Iti lSr S  4,729,874
Increase, .$3,562,390, equal to 305 per cent.
I am aware that large exports of an article may
sometimes result from adversity instead of pros-
perity; as when the holder, unable*to make sales
at home, ships goods abroad, as a last resort.
But it is taxing our credulity to be told that ex-
, ports of a large class of articles will go on from
; year to year, while the manufacturers are unable
| to compere at home with the importer, though
protected by fcwenty-four, or even nineteen per
| cent. And if it be said that the year 1858 was
j one in which the state of things referred to espe-
1 cially existed, a comparison of the exports of the
