1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasurxj.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
preceding; year, conceded to be one of remarkable
prosperity, will show the same result.
It will not suffice to say that this prosperity is
owing to the influx of gold from California. That
has been a cause of a general rise in priccs, and
of increased activity in all industrial departments;
but no reason is perceived why the agriculture of
the country should not be as much stimulated by
that cause as the manufactures. Yet, while both
have increased, the manufactures have increased
faster; whereas, if they had been seriously in-
jured by the tariff of 1846, they would, at most,
have improved more slowly than other interests
not so alfected.
I proceed to consider the question of the best
mode of revising the present tariff, with a view
to raising a sufficient sum to meet the demands
of the public service. It has been proposed to
repeal the act of 1857, and restore the act of 1846.
To this suggestion there are serious objections,
which, to my mind, are insuperable. 1 am well
satisfied that the wants of the Government do
not require a permanent increase of the taxes to
the extent of reviving the tariff of 1846. The
duties of forty and one hundred per cent., imposed
by that act, are, in the present condition of trade
and commerce, wholly indefensible. The public
mind of the country will scarcely be brought
again to acquiesce in any higher schedule than
thirty per cent., the maximum of the present law.
It would certainly require some more urgent ne-
cessity than exists at this time to justify such a
measure.
It has also been proposed to adopt the principle
of home valuation, with a view, first, of increas-
ing the rates of duty; and secondly, of guarding t
against under valuation and other frauds, which j
are alleged to exist under our present system. I
As a measure for increasing the revenue, this j
proposition possesses no merit. It seeks to do
indirectly what can be better effected directly. If 1
the sole object is to increase the taxes, it is better j
to do so in a bold and manly way. At present i
the duty is imposed upon the market value of ihe |
merchandise in the principal markets of the coun-
try from which the importation is made, includ-
ing all costs and charges of shipment.
To substitute for this rule the principle of home
valuation would be to add to such value of the
merchandise the insurance, q^st of transporta-
tion, duty levied, and profits of the importer.
It ought to be a sufficient reply to the proposi-
tion that some of these elements entering into the i
home value are not legitimate subjects of taxa- 1
tion. Other and more serious objections will be j
considered in another connection. The reason in J
favor of home valuation, which has been pressed j
with the most earnestness, is that it will protect
the revenue from fraud by under valuation. The
advocates of the change allege that, under our
present system, the Governmentisdefrauded, by
various means, of its legitimate duties upon a
large portion of the impoits. In proof of this
charge, a comparison has been instituted between
the value of our exports and imports for the last
three years, showing that the imports were less,
by a large amount, than the exports.
This difference is charged to under valuation.
The remedy proposed is either home valuation or
specific duties. It is true that the exports for the
last few years have exceeded the imports; but the
inference which has been drawn from it is not
necessarily correct. Other causes have contrib-
uted to bring about this result, it should be borne
in mind that our exports are valued at the port of
exportation. When these exports reach a falling
market abroad, the return cargo will exhibit, in
the diminished value of the importation, the loss
sustained by the persons on whose account the
exports have been shipped. This often consti-
tutes an important clement m accounting for that
excess of exports which has been attributed to
fraud. The payment by our citizens of their
debts in Europe, which for two years past has
been largely done, the transactions of bankers
and brokeis in exchange, and smuggling, a
species of fiaud common to every system, all |
affect the comparative amounts of exports and ,
imports. _ j
If it were true that the difference in favor of ex- |
ports over imports was chargeable to the ad v.a- I
lorem system and the present mode of valuation, i
then the fact should be found to exist not only
during the last few years, but during the whole
period of the existence of the present system. An
examination of our exports and imports (as will
be seen by reference to tabic 4) for a series of
years, will show that such is not the case. The
tariff of 1846 was in operation over ten years.
During that period the whole amount of our ex-
ports was $2,512,681,327, and our imports during
the same period amounted to $2,566,250,328. The
advocates of home valuation have fallen into the
error by confining their comparisons to a limited
number of years.
The general result which I have stated indicates
that if frauds have been practiced upon the rev-
enue it is not owing to our present ad valorem
system. This will appear from a comparison of
the exports and imports during the operation of
the tarilf act of 1842. That act, the distinguish-
ing features of which wore specific duties and
minimum valuations, was in operation nearly four
years. During that time our exports amounted
to $423,681,648, and our impoits to $412,135,195.
If the argument drawn from the excess of exports
over imports bo correct, this statement would in-
dicate that greater frauds have been committed
under a tarilf of specific duties than under the ad
valorem act of 1846. If, however, it be true that
frauds are committed under our presentsystem to
the extent charged, will a change to home valua-
tion prevent the evil? To furnish a satisfactory
answer to this inquiry, it will be proper to
examine the manner of ascertaining the dutiable
value of imports under existing laws, and what
would be required to be done under the proposed
change. At present the appraiser is called upon
to ascertain the, value of thearticie m the principal
maikets of the country from which it is brought.
The data upon which he is to make up his judg-
ment ate: 1st. The prices current which every
commercial community supplies. 2d.The inform-
ation to be derived from the communications of
consuls and other commercial agents. 3d. The
invoiceof the impol tor, made under oath, and also
made in view of heavy penalties incurred for fraud
and under valuation. 4th. A comparison of the
invoices of the various importers engaged in the
same business, and not unfrequentjy of the same
date. 5th. The experience derived from daily
examinations of the character, value, and price
of the article.
These, with other ordinary channels of infornv
ation common to the public, furnish, it would
seem, ample means for the coirect and faithful
discharge of the duty.
The additional element of cost and charges of
shipment cannot be calculated with the same cer-
tainty. It, however, constitutes a small portion
of the dutiable value, and the experience of the
appraisers will enable them to guard against any
serious injury from that quarter. To substitute
for tins plan a home valuation would be to re-
quire the appraisers to ascertain the value of the
article by an inquiry into its value at the port of
impoitation. In what manner shall he pioceed
to do so ? lie must take the price current of the
market, furnished in the ordinary mode, and
such information as he can gather from his inter-
course with commercial men,and his knowledge
of the trade and business of his port. The result
would be, that the duty levied on the same arti-
cle would be diffeient in the different ports of the
country; and this would happen, though the ap-
praisers might discharge their duty honestly and
faithfully. Such would be the case undei the
most favorable view of the subject; but we cannot
close our e}res to the fact that the adoption of the
system of home valuation would inevitably lead
to difficulties and embarrassments.
It would become the interest of importers to
control the market value at their respective ports,
with a view to the amount of duty to be paid by
them. In what manner, and to what extent, com-
binations for this object would be made, especial-
ly at the smaller ports, it is impossible to antici-
pate. The men who are enabled to evade the
present law, and defraud the Treasury m spite of
its restrictions, and with the checks now thrown
around them, would not find it difficult to estab-
lish, when it suited their purpose, a fictitious
market value for the most, if not all, of our ports.
If the appraiser, convinced that by such combi-
nations or other means a fraud-was attempted/
should find it necessary to ascertain the bona fide
market value, his most efficient means of Aoixfg
so would be to go to the same sources of informa-
tion that he now uses. He would be compelled;
then, as now, to look to the foreign market^and
the cost and charges of shipment; but he woofrL
be required to "extend his investigation to the other
elements which go to make up thehome value
of the article. After ascertaining the dutiable value
of the goods, as at present, he must ascertain the
insurance, the freight, the profits of the importer;
and, adding all these together, with the amount
of duty to be paid, he would arrive at the home
market value. To my mind, this process would
constitute the fairest and safest check against
fraud. As, however, all these elements, except
the rate of duty, would differ according to the
different modes of transportation to the "different
ports, it leads in the end to the same objectiona- x
ble result which I have already considered. Not
only so, but each new element entering into the
calculation adds to the difficulty of ascertaining £
the true value, and opens a new door for imposi-
tion. If, as charged, we cannot ascertain the
value of an article m a foreign market, and the
cost of putting it on shipboard, it would be still
more (hfficult to find out not only that, but the
additional amounts of insurance, freight, and the
profits of the importer. In this view of- the sub-
ject it will be precefved that the.change is objec-
tionable for two palpable reasons. 1. By inevita-
bly causing different valuations of the same goods
at different ports; thus violating both the spirit
and letter of the Constitution, which declares that
"all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uni-
form throughout the United States, " and that
" no preference shall be given (by any regulation
of commerce or revenue) to the ports of one f
State over those of another. " Though we may
not be able under any system to have the same
precise valuation m every port, yet that one
which most neatly approximates to it should be
adopted. 2. A second objection is, that so far
from preventing existing frauds, it offers greater
opportunities for fraud than the present law.
It is sought to avoid these difficulties and em-
barrassments by making the market price at New
York the standard of value, and to levy duties not
only there but throughout the United States upon
that basis. I do not see that it meets the objec-
tions which have been presented against the sys-
tem. The same danger of affecting the market
prices by improper combinations would exist. It
would be attended with like difficulties in reach-
ing the true valuation of merchandise. The ap-
praises at other ports would encounter the same
attempts at fraud and under valuation, without
possessing equal means of detection. Its opera-
tion would be unequal and unjust; the importer
at New York paying a duty upon the real value
of his merchandise, whilst at all other ports he
would be required to pay upon a fictitious value;
as the actual value of an article in New York on
one day would often be very different from its
actual value m New Orleans and San Francisco on
another, or even the same day. The importer at
New York would pay his duty upon the real value
of his goods at the time he receives them, whilst
at all other placeshe would be required to pa.y upon
a fictitious value ascertained at some previous
period at another point. These objections would
seem to be sufficient to reject the proposition, but
the impracticability of working such a plan is con-
clusive against it.^ The difficulty of ascertaining
in Boston, Philadelphia, Charleston, New Or-
leans, and other points upon the Atlantic and
Gulf, the market value of merchandise in New
York would be great; but when the rule is ex-
tended to the Pacific, its enforcement would be
not only violative of the constitutional provisions
to which I have referred, but of every principle
of justice and equality.
Adhering to the principles of the present tariff
act, I would recommend such changes as will
produce the amount required for the public ser-
vice. In accoi dance with the suggestion contained
m my last annual report, 1 recommend that sched-
ules C, D, F, G, H, be raised, respectively, to 25,
20, 15, 10, and 5 per cent. 1 see no good reason
for having departed in the act of 1857 from the
system of decimal divisions. The present state
