12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
of things affords a fit opportunity of correcting i
the error. This chanffc will increase the revenue 1
from customs £1,800,000, upon the basis of the !
importations of the last fiscal year. i
To raise the additional amount needed will not ,
require an increase of all the rates of duty of the |
present tariff. It will become necessary, theie- '
fore, to select certain articles to be transferred :
from lower to higher schedules. In makingsuch
changes, the true principles governing the impo-
sition of duties for revenue should be kept in
view, and such discriminations made as, consist-
ently therewith, will best promote the various ■
interests of our country without doing injustice '
to any. The information contained in table 7
will afford to Congress the necessary data for j
their action. That table contains the importa- i
tions, with the rates of duty and amount of reve-
nue derivable therefrom, for each of the three last 1
fiscal years. When the amount which the legis- i
lationof Congress shall make it necessary to raise
shall have been ascertained with anything like i
reasonable certainty, the information contained
in this table will render the work of making such
transfers simple and easy. 1
The public debt on the 1st of July, 1857, was
$29,0G0,386 90, as stated in my last report. Du-
ring the last fiscal year there was paid of that
debt the sum of £3,904,409 24, leaving the sum
of $25,155,9*37 GG outstanding on the 1st July,
1858. To this amount must be added the sum of
$10,000,000, negotiated during the present fiscal
year, of the loan authorized by act of June 11,
1858. There was issued under the provisions of
the act of December 23,1857, during the last fiscal
year, Treasury notes to the amount of ^23,716,300,
of which there was redeemed, and the Depart-
ment informed thereof, during the same period,
|3,961)500; leaving the sum of £>19,753,800 out-
standing on the 1st July, 1858. The details arc
shown bystatements nmiked 1 and 5. In estimat-
ing the receipts and expendituies fuj- the present
and next fiscal years, it is not contemplated to re-
deem the outstanding Treasury notes. As these
notes-will become due and payable during the
next fiscal year, some provision should bo made
tomoetthem. I am opposed to the policy of add-
ing this amount to the permanent public debt by
funding the notes. On the other hand, their entire
redemption in one yeai would call for an increase
of the tariff to a point winch would lender ne-
cessary another revision of it in the succeeding
year. The true policy is to look in the present
revision of the tunff to theirgiadual redemption,
commencing with the next fiscal year? To carry
out this policy, Congress should provide for tiie
raising of sueh an amount of revenue as will en-
able the Department to redeem a portion of them,
and, at the same time, extend for one year the
provision of the act of December lcC>7, au-
thorizing the reissue of such portion of them as
the means of the Government will not enable us .
to redeem. By this course we shall gradually !
discharge this part of the public debt without
placing upon the people an oneious additional
burden m the unnecessary increase of their taxes. '
The operations of tIn* independent Treasury
system have been conducted dnnngthelast fiscal
year with the usual success. Another ycai's ex-
perience confirms the opinions 1 expressed on this
subject in my former annual report. I am well
satisfied that the wholesome restraint which the
collection of the Government dues in specie ex-
eits over the operation of our present banking
system contributed xii no smaU degiee to mitigate
the disasteis of the hue revuk-ion. The oppouu-
nuy which it efimded at an eatlv pci tot! of ieh< v-
ing the financial embarrassments of the country
by the pobcv of ledc-emin^ a po; tion of the public
debt, and furnishing the count) y thereby with the
specie used m its redemption, was attended wuh
the happiest Jesuits. It is difficult to estimate the
extent of the relief which was thus afforded,
though I behove that the intelligent judgment of
business men concurs m accoiding to it the most
bcneiicial effects. The adoption of a similar sys-
tem by thu diiFerent States, as suggested in my
last report, would afford additional protection to
the country against tho ruinous effects of ovor-
bo liking, and consequent derangement of the cur-
rency. A remedy so simple and just for an evil
oo great must commend itself to the favorable
consideration of those to whom the subject is in-
trusted.
The attention of Congress is again called to the
provisions of the act of March 3, 1857, on the
subjects of deposits by the disbursing agents of
the'Government.
In my last report I stated in general terms that
it was impracticable to cxecute the law according
to its literal requirements, and the reasons were
briefly set forth. The objects which the act
sought to accomplish meet the entire approval of
the Department, and it has been carried out to the
utmost extent that was practicable. A few illus-
trations will show the impossibility of executing
the law as it now stands. By its provisions a
purser in the Navy would be required to deposit
the funds placed in his hands for the payment
of the officers and crew of a vessel in one of the
public depositories, and he could only draw it
out by a draft in favor of the person to whom he
desired to make payment. A vessel on a foreign
station is absent not unfrequently for two and
three years; and while thus absent the purser
would have to pay the officers and men by drafts
on a public depository in the United States. He
would also have to pay all other expenses, which
exceeded the sum ot twenty dollars, by sim-
ilar drafts in favor of the person to whom the
payment was to be made. A disbursing agent
in the Indian department would be required to
pay the Indians their annuities by similar drafts.
The disbursing agents of the Army would have
to settle with the officers and men of the Army,
at their distant posts, in the same manner. A
collector of the port of Eastport, in the State of
Maine, would have to transport the funds with
which he is to pay the employes of the Govern-
ment at his port to Hoston, or some other place
where there is a public depository, and there give
drafts on the public depository to each person to
whom the payment is to be made. These eases
illustrate the impossibility of executing the law
as it now stands on the statute-book. There are
serious and almost insurmountable difficulties in
the way of executing it even in the immediate
neighboihood of a public depository. Take, for
illustration, a case which can be brought within the
peisonal observation of members of Congress.
There are paid monthly m Washington city more
than a thousand persons. This law requires that
each of these persons should receive a draft ft om
Uie disbursing agent who settles with him, and*
present it at the Treasurer's office. The time
that would be occupied by the Treasurer in iden-
tifying the applicants, and tho number of addi-
tional clerks which would be required to keep the
necessary books, independent of the unusual re-
sponsibility which would be put upon the Treas-
urer of identifying so many persons, render the
execution of thu law, e\en in this case, imprac-
ticable. For all this additional trouble and diffi-
culty there is no compensating advantage over
the present mode of making such payments,
which luis been found by practice both safe and
expedient. It can scarcely be necessary to point
our all tho difficulties which exist. Congress is
ngum referred to the circular regulations which
were adopted by the Department on this subject;
and the recommendation of amending the law,
as suggested in my last report, is repeated.
The 3'epurt of the director of tiic Mint is here-
with transmitted, marked 9. It appears that
the amount of bullion received at the sevoial
Mint establishments Uuimg the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1858, was $.>1,494,311 23 in gold, and
^9,399,951 67 in silver; ancl that the coinage dur-
ing the same period amounted to ^52,^9,^00 29
m gold, and $8,2.';:-i,267 77 in silver, and £234,001)
in cents.
The director recommends that the law be so
amended as to make silver a legal tender to the
extent of fifty or one hundred dohars. I am not
awaie of any serious complaint against the law as
it now stands, and can see, therefore, no urgent
necessi'y for a change.
ifc also re commends the issuing of Mint certifi-
cates to depositors for sums as low as fifty dollars,
payable to bearer, with a view of creating a sound
paper currency. This suggestion docs not meet
the approval of the Department. I have many
objections to the proposition, but do not deem it
necessary to enter upon the discussion, as i feel
quite confident there will be no serious disposi-
tion on the part of Congress to give it a favorable
consideration. The operations of the Mint dur-
ing the last fiscal year have been conducted with
energy and ability by the officers in charge of this
important branch of the public service.
The accompanying report of the engineer in
charge of the bureau of construction will exhibit
tho progress of the various public buildings under
the direction of this Department. Many of them
have been completed, and arc ready to be occu-
pied for tho various purposes for which they were
erected. In all of them as much progress has
been made as was anticipated at the commence-
ment of the year. 2so new buildings have been
begun since the adjournment of Congress. In
my last report I called the attention of Congress
to the fact that, owing to the condition of the
Treasury, the Department had postponed the
building of a portion of the public works author-
ized by previous acts of Congress. To have com-
menced them at that time, or at any period since,
would have lequired the borrowing of the means
to construct them. The silence of Congress on
the subject indicated their approval of the policy.
The condition of the Treasury at present is not
more fa\ orable for the construction of such build-
ings. At a time when the necessities of the Gov-
ernment demand an increase of taxation, I should
notfeel justified in recommending the construction
of such works as are not urgently demanded for
the public service. It will be for Congress to de-
cide, m providing the necessary means for the
next fiscal year, whether or not they will impose
an increased tax for such a purpose.
The occasion is an appropriate one again to call
the attention of Congress to the system of erect-
ing public buildings. They are referred to tables
(Nos. 5, G, 7, 8, and 9) appended to the engi-
neer's report. These tables w.ill show the num-
ber of public buildings erected at different periods,
the cost of their construction, and the necessity
which existed for their erection. The revenue re-
ceived at any port indicates the amount of busi-
ness which requires a custom-housc. The amount
received at a post office indicates the necessity of
a building for that object, and the number of days
of the sitting of the courts will show the neces-
sity for a Government building for that object. It
will be for Confess to say whether a system
which has led to uie building of a custom-house
at a port yielding §130 93 of revenue, and a post
oifice which pays $107 65, and of a court-house
where the Federal courts were in session four
days in a year, is entitled to their continued sanc-
tion and approval. It is said that some of these
buildings arc used for all three of these purposes.
This is true; but a reference to the tables alluded
to will show that, in that view of the subject, the
expenditure in many cases cannot be justified, as
the combined services were not of sufficient im-
portance to require the erection of such buildings.
If the amount of business done at the places where
these buildings have been erected justified the ex-
penditure, then common justice would demand •
that similar buildings should be put up at every
other place in the United States where an equal
amount of business is done. To do this would
require an expenditure of money which the
warmest advocate of the system will not approve.
The recommendations of my last report on this
subject are again submitted to your consideration.
In the present state of our finances, it will hardly
be proposed to add to the public expenditures by
authorizing the erection of any more public build-
ings. In no event, however, should such works
be'directed without first subjecting tbe applica-
tion for them to a rigid inquiry into their neces-
sity and propriety; and when found necessary,
the Department should be required to submit to
Congress suitable plans and estimates of the cost,
; before an appropriation is made.
Your attention is particularly invited to that
| portion of the engineer's report which refers to
! the subjcct of marine hospitals. Each year's ex-
I perieneo adds to the objections which have been
; presented to Congress to the system of building
| and maintaining these hospitals. The relief af-
! forded is not more ample, whilst the expense is
■ much greater, than exists under the old system.
. The information which is communicated on this
subject must attract the serious attention of Con-
