634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
passage of a Pacific railroad bill will vote to re-
commit under this division of the question, because
that is the death of the bill.
Mr. GW1N. It is dead now.
The question being: taken on the recommitment
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 17, nays 36; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Broderick,
Chandler, Davis, Douglas, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Jlarlan,
Jones, King* Polk, Sebastian, Seward, and Trumbull—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Bayard, Bell, Brown, Cameron,
Chesnnt, Clark, Clay, Chngman, Dixon, Poohttle, Durkee,
Fessendeii, Fitzpatrick,Green, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, IMa^on, Pearoe,
Pugh,Reid,Rice, Shields, Simmons, Slidell. Stuart, Thorn-
eon of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, Ward, Wilson, and
Yulee.—36.
So the motion to recommit the bill was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
instructions, of course, fall With the failure of the
motion to recommit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope we may now take
the vote directly on the bill as it stands before the
Senate.
" Once more unto the breach, dear fnends, once more."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I a^k for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bul.
■ Mr. GWIN. I think the friends of this bill
have taken such great care of it, and it is such a
magnificent bill, that they had better fill the blank.
[<( Oh, no !"] They have got a blank in the bill
that ought to be filled.
Mr. WILSON. Did the Senator from Califor-
nia make a motion to fill the blank?
Mr. GWIN. No; I suggested to its friends they
ought to fill it with something more than $2,000.
I do not think that will pay for the advertise-
ments.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator indicate a
sum ?
Mr. GWIN, Not at all. There is nothing in
this bill foi me to take any interest in it.
Mr. WILSON. I propose $10,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think &2,OUO will do.
Mr. BELL. Three thousand five hundred dol-
lars will be ample.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if there be no
objection, §3,000 will be inserted.
Mr. KING. I suggest $1,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. The largest sum must be put
first. .
Mr. KING. I think $1,000 is enough.
The PRES1DINGOFF1CER put the question
on the motion to insert $3,000; and it was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate order the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time ?
Mr. PCJGII. I ask for the yeas and nays. We
may us well have them on that question. [<{ No,
no; let us have them on the passage."] Very
well.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BRGDERICK. Ishould like my colleague
to indicate whether he wants tins bill passed or
not. [Laughter.] I am willing to follow him, and
if he is not for this bill, 1 anwigturist it. There-
fore I should like him to inform me whether he is
for it or not.
Mr.-TOOMBS I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from California to fix the title when we pass
the bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. Weil, I will withhold my
interrogatot y until the title comes up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays are asked for on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRQj)ERICK. As I vote before my col-
league, I should like to know whether he is for
the passage of this bill or not. [Laughter.] In
the remarks that fell from him a few minutes
since, 1 understood he did not favor the bill. If
not, i shall vote against it. I vote before him,
and therefore I should hke to know, before I am
called, what he means to do.
Mr. GWIN. My colleague will never find out
my opinion about this bill until my name is called.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then I shall reserve my
vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD.' I have been in very consid-
erable- difficulty to know how I should vote on
this bill, without the lead of the two Senators
from California; and as the one will not state how
he is going to vote until his name is called, and
the other reserves his vote until after his colleague
is called, I, as-the second in this great work, must
assume the responsibility myself. As this is the
best bill I can get towards the construction of a
Pacific railroad, after having tried every other ex-
pedient, I shall-vote for this bill.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GWIN (when Mr. Mallory's name was
called) said: I wish to say that the Senator from
Florida has paired off on a Pacific railroad bill
with the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Wright,
but 1 do not know whether that is a pair now, or
not. [Laughter.] I wanted to announce to the
Senate that these two gentlemen expected there
would be a vote on a Pacific railroad bill, and
they paired off; but as 1 do not consider this a
vote'of that description, I leave it to the Seriate
whether or not it is neces^aty to announce it.
Air. FITCH. My pair with the Senator from
South Carolina, Mr Hammond, was specific only
so far as the motion to refer was concerned; but
our votes would have been in opposition on the
final question. He would, doubtless, have voted
against the bill; and notwithstanding it is only
the ghost of what it ought to be, I should vote
for it; but in his absence I do not teel at liberty to
vote:
The result was announced—yeas 31, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bi^ler, Blight, Brodenclc, Cam-
eron. Chandler, Claik, Dixon, Doolmle, Douglas, Durkee,
Fesssunden, Foot, Foster, Gwui, flanitm, Harlan, Houston,
Jones, Kennedy, Polk, Alice, Sebastian, Reward, Shield*,
Simmons, Siuait, Tiumbull,Wade,Waul, and Wilson—3i.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaul, Benjamin, Brown, Chesnnt,
Clay, Clmgman, Fitzpatnok,Green, Hunter, Iverson,John-
t>0!i of T(inn<'f.b<-e, Kins, Mason, Peaiec, Pusjli, Reid, tth-
dell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Yulee—;20.
So the bill was passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The title of
the bill will be read.
The reading of the original title of the bill was
greeted with gieat laughter.
Mr. GWIN. Inasmuch as I think we have
performed a great day's work, and consummated
the greatest farce that ever was known in any
legislation, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators, Let us change* the title of
the bill.
Mr. BELL. I call the Senator from California
to order, ile has no right to denounce any prop-
osition adopted by the Senate, in such terms.
Mr. GWIN.* What does the Senator say ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators must
come to order.
Mr. GWIN. I say, and I repeat, it is a farce.
The Senator from Tennessee knows where to
find me..
Mr. BELL. I do not mean 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California and the Senator from Tennessee
are not in oider. The question is on the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I move that the title be amended
so ns to lead as follows—I have not had time to
draw it out in such a manner that the Clerk can
read it, perhaps:
u A bill to authorize and invite sepaiate proposals for the
conottuenon in a uulioad liotn Uuj valley ot the Mississippi
to the Paufic ocean, upon ihiee sepaiate routes."
The title was so amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Senate
adjout n.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 27, 1859.
The House met at 12 o'clock, m. Prayer by
Rev. B. F. Bittinger.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting to Congress a
report, dated 25th instant, with accompanying pa-
pers, received from the Secretary of State in com-
pliance with the requirements of the act to regulate
the diplomatic and consular systems of the Uni-
ted States, approved August 18,1856; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CONSULAR OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of State, transmitting a communication
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, recommend-
ing further legislation for the relief of consular
officers, and also recommending further legisla-
tion in regard to the judicial duties of certain for-
eign ministers and consuls; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
MILITARY RESERVATION AT ROCIC ISLAND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a cd'mmunitation from the
Secretary of the Interior, in reply to the resolu-
tion of the House relative to the military reserv-
ation on Rock Island.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have that communication read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
to which, I.think, there will be no objection on
the part of any gentleman.
Mr. DEAN. We had better have the regular
order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insiston the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is important that
that communication from the Interior Department,
in reference to the military reservation on Rock
Island, should be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; and I ask my colleague to with-
draw his call for the reading of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will do so,
if the reading is objected to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the com-
munication be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and printed.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for on the right and on the left, and
the Chair will withhold the communication.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the consent of the
House to have a bill from the Senate taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 again insist on
the regular order of business.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House then pioceeded to the consideration
of the bill (FI. R. No. 66G) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending 30tlT*June,
1860, and the amendments thereto reported by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on which the main question had been
ordered.
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union was,
to strike out from line eight to line sixteen, as
follows:
For salaiics of envoys extraordinary, ministers, and com-
missioner* of the United Stat'1-:, at Gieat Britain, Fiance,
Russia, Pru-Ma, Spam, Anuria, Biazil, Mexico, China,
Chili, Peru, 1-Vmia, Poitugal, S3wit/ciland. Rome, Naples,
Satdima, Belgium, Holland. Henm.uk, Sweden, Turkey,
Bueno* Ajres. New Gianadu, Bolivia, Ecuador, Venezu-
ela, Guatemala, Nicaia<rna, Sandwich It-lands, Costa
Rica. llotiduias, Argentine Confederation, and Paiaguay,
$•214,0U0;
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For salaries of envoys extraordinaiv, ministers,and com-
missioner of the United States, at (ireat Britain, France,
RuPbia, Spam, Biazil, Mexico, China, Peru, Turkey, and
Nicaiagua, gtlOo.OOO.
Air. COLFAX. T rise to a question of order.
By $he 127th rule of the House it is required that
all ftaendments adopted in Committee of the
Whole shall be duly entered by the Clerk on sep-
arate paper, as the same shall be agreed to by the
committee, and so reported to the House. Now,
sir, the Committee ofthe Whole, by four separate
and distinct votes, struck out the missions to
Persia, Rome, Buenos Ayres, and Switzerland,
and the next day what remained of the section
was stricken out, and the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which has
been read, was adopted. The question that I
raise is, that those other amendments having been
adopted by distinct votes in the committee, the
