636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. DEW ART. I would inquire whether it
would be in order to move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed for two weeks?
The SPEAKER. Not while the House is act-
ing under the operation of the previous question.
The SPEAKER stated that the question next
recurred upon the recommendation of the -com-
mittee to strike the following entire clause:
" To enable the President of the United States to carry
into effect the act of Congress of 3d March, J819, and any
subsequent acts now in force for the suppression of the feiave
trade, $75,OoO : Provided, That so much of said appropria-
tion as may be required to pay expenses already incurred
may be-used from and after the passage of tins act."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays 163; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Bonham,Boyee, Bryan, Caskie,
Cobb, Giawford,Curry, J)avid.-on,DowdelIjGartren,Goode,
Houston, McQueen, McRae, Maynard, Miles,
Mooie,RufFm, Sandidge, Seward, Shorter, Singleton, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Trippe, and John V. Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahhott, Adrain, Ahl, Andeison, An-
drews, Barr. Bennett, Bingham, Bliss, Boeoek, Bowie,
Btanch, Drayton, Butfinton, Builmaame, Burnett, Bums,,
Biiriouahs. Caruthcrs, Case, Chapman, lloracc F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane,
Cockenll, Colfax, Comins, Coming, Covnde, Cox, Crasin,
James Crais, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick,
Dodd. Out fee, Edmnndson, Eu-nis, Fainsworth, Faulkner,
Fenton, Flmenee, Foley, Foster, Garnetl, Giddings, GiUis,
Gdinan, Gilmei ,Gooch, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Gt oes-
heek, Giow. Law rence W. Hall, Harlan, Harris, Hatch,
Iliekman, Iloaid, Hodges, Hopkins, Hoiton. Howard,
Hushes, Huylcr, Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones,
Owen Jone.->, Keitn, Kellogg, Kelsoy, Kilgoie, ICnapp,
Landy,Lawience, Leach, Leidv. Leiter,Letcher,Lovejoy,
Maclay, MelCihbin, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Mattesoii,
Millei, Million. Mnntgomeiy. Moigan, Moinll, Edward Joy
Morns, r^aae N. Moni>, Fieeniait II. Morse, Oliver A.
Moise, Molt. Mutray, NiblaoU, Nichols, Olm, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton. Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William
"\V. Pholp-, Phillip-, Pike, Potter, Pottle, l'ow.-ll, Ptirvi-
ant'e. Reagan, Hieaud, Kohbins, Royce, Ku*wil, Searing,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw. John Sherman,Robert Simih,
Samuel A. Plinth, Spinner, Sumton, SK-vea^on, James, A.
Sifvvai t, William Stewart,Talhot, Tnppan.Thayer, Tomp-
kins. Uudei wood, Vallandigham,Vanee, Wade. Walhi tdge,
Wahhon, Walton, Ward, Cadwalnd'T Washhuin, ISIIilm
B. Wn.4ibuiue. f-iael Washburn, Watkin**, Whim. White-
lev, Wil-on. WmMow, Wood, VVood>on, Wortendyke,
and Augustus R. Wright—163.
So the recommendation of the Committee of
the Whole on the State of the Union to strike out
the entire clause was not concurred in.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. KEITT, stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Ciiaffef.; otherwise, ho would have voted
in the aftiimativo.
Mr. BARKSDALE, said: I desiie to say that
yesterday I stated thnt I indorsed the speech of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Skwarp.]
Upon reading that speech this morning, f am not
prepared at thi?i time to indorse some of the po-
sitions assumed by that gentleman. 1 wish to
make this explanation now. I was not in my seat
when my name was called, and therefore do not
vote on the question.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote hint taken; and also moved to lay
Urn motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordoiing the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Omo. I trust that the
amendment of the gehtlenum ftom Illinois, to
smke out <c Persia," which was cut oif by par-
liamentary tactics, may now, by unanimous con-
sent, be allowed to be submitted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is debate in
Older?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question has not exhausted itself.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thirifctime; and being engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third rime.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call the previ-
ous question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN of Ohio. I hope the previ-
ous question will be voted down, and that the
gentleman from Indiana will, by general,consent,
be allowed to offer his amendment which was
agiet d to jn the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but which was cut off by par-
liamentary tactics.
The SPEAKER, It would not be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Would it be in
order to move to refer this bill with instructions?
The SPEAKER. Pending the call for the pre-
vious question it would not.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, asked for the yeas
and nays on orderingthe main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will it not be
in order to move to reconsider the vote whereby
the bill was ordered to be engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was made by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] and laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON. If the Hfluse refuse to or-
der the main question, arid the bill be recommit-
ted, would it be in order to amend an engrossed
bill by striking out anything ? If so, I should be
glad to know whether the House will order the
bill to be engrossed over again, or how will the
amendment get before the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. There has been no case in
which that question has been ever determined by
the House.
Mr. STANTON. Suppose the bill should be
recommitted, and should be reported back to the
House with a recommendation to amend by strik-
ing out and inserting: can the question be taken
a second time on engrossing ? or will it be sent to
the Senate with an engrossed amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
The question was taken on ordering the main
question; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 109, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Abbott, Adrain, Alii, Anderson, Avery,
Baik&dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie. Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, Bhrns, Oaiutherd, John B. (Jlark, Clay,
Cobb. John Cochrane, Cockenll, Corning, Cox, James
(.'rai<r, Ciawford, Curry, DavnUon, Davis of Indiana,
Dewart. Uowdell, Edmnnd^on, Eiwtis, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley,Gainett, GaitrelLGillia, Gilmer, Goode,Greenwood,
Greijir, Gioes-beek, Lawieuee W Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hodge.-., Hopkins, Hn^he-, Huvler, Jack-oil, Jenkins,
Geoisje W. Jone>, Owen Lamai, Landy, Lawrence,
Leidv, Lereher, Maehu, MeKiblmi, MK-iucen, McRae,
S.unuel S Mar.-h ill, ri-on, Mile-?, Miilci. Million, Mont-
notneiy, iMooie, Edwaid Joy Moms, i.-aac N. Morn.*, Nib-
laelc. Pendleton, l'cwon, Joi.n S Thel^, William W.
I'helj)?, I'liilhp*., PowHi, Ueiiyan, Ruflin. Rii-:voll, Sandidge,
fcott. Sealing, Sewuul, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Singleton, Koheit Smith. Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvoith,
Stephen^. Stevenson, James A. Stew ari, Talhoi. Gcoigo
T.ulor. Undeiwood. Vallandiyham, \ anee, Ward, Wat-
km-;. White, Whiteley, Window, Woodxm, Woiiendyke,
Augu-tu.-! R Wnght, and John V. Wright—109.
NAYS—Messi--. Amliews. Bennett. Bingham, Bliss,
'Biuylon, liullmton, Binimjiaine, Buriougli>. ('aae. daw-
son, Clark B Coehiane, Coliav, Comins, Cuiti-. Ditvis of
Ma^>ciehu^ett-. l)<ivi?> ot Iowa, Dawes. I)ean. Dick, Dodd,
Dint'ee, Famt-worth, Fenton, Foster, Guiding, Gilmati,
Gooeh, Changer, Grow, Harlan, Ilo.ud, Ilorion, liowaid,
Keuu, Kellogg, KcW-v, Kiigoie, Knapp, Leach, Leiter,
Lovejoy. Matio^on, AJ;i\iuud, Morgan, Momll, Oliver A.
IVIoim', i\Iotf, Mm ray. Nichols, Olin. I'almei, Parker, Pet-
tit, Pike, Poftei, Pottle, Puivianee, Kieaud, Ritchie, Hob-
brn->, Roberts-., Kovee, John Sheiman, Spinm't, Stanton,
William Stewait. Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Wal
bud're. Waklion, Walton, Cadwaladei C. W^bbuin. Eliihu
B. Wa-hlmine, l&iael Washburn, Wilson, Wood, a-nd
Zo!lic<jffci—71).
So the main question was ordered; which was
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeSis and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—■Mc-=<-is. Aihain, Aid, Anderson, Avciy, P air,
Bistiop. Boeoek, Bowie, Burnet?, Burn*. Caiutlieis, John
| B Claik. Clay, John Cochtane. Coekenll, Coinmg. Cox,
! Jame-, Ciaig, David-on, Davis of Man land, Davt-, of Au-
di, ma, Dewatt. Ftlmundson, Ku-«li-. Faulkner, Floiencc,
' Folev. <3.uticil, Gilli>, Good', Gie<'tiwood. (irejrg, Gioe>-
| beck, Lawienee W. I Jail, Uateh, liawkm-,, Hodges, IIop-
i kins. Ilugiie-J. fluylei. Jackson. Jenkins. Owen Jone-^,
i Landv. Lawrence, Leid\, J^eseliei, iM;iclav, IMeKihbm,
i Ilmopli!ey M.u^iiiiil, Sanuiel S. ."Ma^h.dL Miller, Milleon,
j Montgomerj , Moinil, Edwaul.loy Mom-., J^a.ie X. Moms.
I Pendleton. Pe>!on. John S. P!ieip.>, William W. J'help-,
j Phillip-, I'nwell, Reagan. Uus-ell. Seoft, Searing, Aaion
Show, flen'v M Shaw, llobeir Smith, Sntniiel \ Smith,
William Smith, Steven>on, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
Geoige Taylor, Uiuteiwood, \allandigham. Wani, l>rael
WaM'imrn. Watkni-, White, White lev, \\"mslow, Wood,
Wood -on, Wortendvke. and Augu-tiis IL Wnglit—88.
NAYS—Abbott, B.iiK^dale, Bemiett, Bingham,
Bli>^, Bonhain, Bo\ct;, Bianch, Braviou. Br\an, Butlinton,
Bmlingame. Ca-e, CbcH'-o'i. Claik B. Cochrane, Coliax,
Connn<, Covode, Craw iotd,Cimy. Cuiti^, Davi- oi'Ma^a-
ehu<e!t-, D<ivi" o! iowa, D.uve-,, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dow-
d,ll. Duifee. Edie, I^arr^wnith, Fenton, Fo?tei, Gaitrell,
Gnldmg-. Gilman, Gilmer. Goocii, Giow, fJaiIan, Hoard,
Iloiton, How aid, Geoige \V. Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kel-
?ey, Ktlgoie, Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejo\, MoUueen,
McRae, Mattesou, Mavnard, Miles, Moore, Morgan, Oliver
A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Parker,
Pettit, Pike, Potter. Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin, Sandid^e, Seward, John
Sherman, Singleton, Spmner, Stallworth, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Wilharti Stewart, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe,
Vance, Wade. Walbridge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwaladei*
C. Washbuin, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wilson, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—99.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. McGlUEEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Keitt, had paired off with Mr. Chaffer; but
that, had he voted on this question, he would have
voted " no."
Mr.BRANCH said: Myvote,as itstands,(in
the affirmative,) expresses my sentiment; but,with
a view to move to reconsider, with the hope of
saving this bill, I change my vote. I vote "no."
Mr. FOSTER said: I change my vote for the
purpose of allowing the gentleman from Indiana
to propose his amendment. I vote "no."
The vote having been announced as above
stated,
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN, Mr. COLFAX., and others,
moved to lay the motion on the table.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that motion will be
allowed to stand over til! to-morrow.
Mr. COLFAX. I hone the vote will be taken
now, and let the will of the House be carried out.
Mr. BRANCH. The only way by which the
will of the House can be carried out m regard to
the Persian mission, is by u reconsideiatiun. If
the object of the gentlemen be to carry out the
will of the House, they will allow this motion to
stand over till to-morrow.
* Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to inteirupt him ?
Mr. BRANCH., Certainly.
Mr. LKTCHER. I hope that gentlemen on
the other side of the House who desire to have
a new bill introduced, will, at the same time, in-
troduce their instructions to guide the Committee
of Ways and Means in its prepaiation. it is
utterly impossible for that committee, under the
action of this House, to arrive at any conclusion
in regard to the desire or wish of the majority of
the body 
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Who has the floor,
Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Branch.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then I object to
any one else occupying the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 have the floor, I think)
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired of the
gentleman from North Carolina if he would yield
the floor to the gentleman from Virginia. The
gentleman from North Carolina responded in the
affirmative, and no gentleman objected.
Mr. BRANCH. I yield the floor entirely.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not know what object
gentlemen desire to attain, if they wish to strike
out certain missions or certain consulates from
this bill, let them introduce their resolution here,
ami distinctly state what shape they desire this
bill to assume when it shall come back from the
Committee of Ways and Means. I can hardly
apprehend that the gentlemen who are dissatisfied
with this hill desire to send it back to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, leaving that commit-
tee in utter ignorance of the views of the majority
of the'House, and allowing it grope its way to
find out what may or may not he acceptable.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Virginia allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Why, what fs the use of
making a difficulty here about it, when what is
wanted is to get at the desire of the House ? I-.et
us ascertain from gentleman what they want.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his objection. Another
bill of some sort has to come hero, in spite of all
that we can do. Why'not, then, let us ascertain
what sort of a bill will be agreeable to the House?
Does the gentleman from Tennessee desire to
embarrass us?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
objection.
