1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1#
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
These preparations necessitated a farther delay
on the part of Captain Marcy, otherwise he would
have reached the army at Fort Bridger with his
supplies after an absence of about three months,
having accomplished a march of more than thir-
teen hundred miles. i herewith transmit a short
report prepared by Captain M&rcy, at my re-
quest, which, i am sure, will be read with interest.
quartermaster's bureau.
The operations of this bureau have necessarily
been larger by far for this past year than at any
previous time since the Mexican war; and the
difficulties and embarrassments which surrounded
it at every step were never at any time greater.
If the appropriations asked of Congress at its
last session, and which were granted in June,
could have been procured in January, the embar-
rassments of the bureau would have been alto-
gether avoided, and the interests of the public
greatly promoted. With money in hand to pur-
chase supplies for the Utah expedition, at least
twenty per cent, could and would have been saved
to the Government. But being without a dollar
at command of the Department, with Urge out-
standing diafts upon it unpaid, with no certain
reliable calculations as to when they should bo
paid, added to the great uncertainty as to what
would be ultimately the action of Congress rela-
tive to the movements upon Utah, it is easy to
understand how extreme were the embarrassments
in setting on foot an expedition of such vast mag-
nitude and importance, to be conducted through
a wilderness of twelve hundred miles, beset by
savages and hostile Mormons, and interspersed
with almost impassable deserts.
To await the delays attending the appropriation
was to incur certain failure to the expedition; (for
unless it started early m May the march could not
be made before fall of snow and the destruction
of the grass;) to anticipate and make the move-
ment before funds were supplied, necessitated
the assumption of a grave responsibility. But
with failure on s;de and censure on the other, I
felt there was no room for doubt or hesitation. It
became necessary in this posture of aliens, to sup-
ply the requisite funds from piivate sources to
answer the requirements of the service. This I
felt more bound to do after the sense of Congress
relative to the Mormon rebellion had been ex-
pressed, and when it became pretty certain that
money for the expedition would be voted at some
time or other.
The authority of the Department to purchase
supplies for the Army by contract, to be paid at
a future time, under the act of May 1, 1820, was
the legitimate resort in that state of things, and,
although 1 hesitated for a long tune before exercis-
ingthatauthority, i found there was noahej-native
left but to take measuies for the supply of all the
necessaries for the army, or to fail in the expedi-
tion. This was done in a manner heretofore par-
tially communicated to Congress under calls by
that body upon this Depanment; but until now
a final statement of the transactions could not be
made.
i refer you, particulaily, to the report of the
chief of the quarteimastei's bureau for a detailed
statement of all operations connected with it.
They will be found interesting and very satisfac-
tory. I take this occasion to say, and I cannot
but express my great gratification at the fact, that
the disbursements have resulted in furnishing
larger supplies of articles essential for the march
of the army, many items of which were of a de-
cidedly better quality, and bought at cheaper
rates, than have ever been purchased thiough that
bureau since the commencement of the Mexican
war.
The disbursements, amounting to nearly ten
million dollars, have been made through this
bureau during the last year, and every transaction
has been finished, every account closed, every
voucher filed, with the exception of $28,000, not
yet received, owing to the great distance of the
disbursing officers from the seat of Government.
Not one dollar will be unaccounted for, and not
one cent misapplied. This simple fact is the
highest commendation that can be bestowed upon
the fidelity, efficiency, and worth of the officers
of tins corps.
This bureau expends by far the heaviest amount
of any in the Army, and it is frequently made the
subject of animadversion by those who do not
know that whilst the payments are necessarily
made through this bureau, yet the bureau has no
voice whatever in directing them when, how, or
to whatamounts these expenditures shall be made.
Whenever an order is given by any officer of the
United States Army, having a right to give it, for
the purchase of an article or the disbursement of
money, the quartermaster must make the pur-
chase and foot the bill, however much his judg-
ment might lean against the expenditure. The
quartermaster's department is responsible for the
honest and faithful disbursement of money, but
not for the objects to which it may be applied.
Ilence it will be readily perceived that there are
no data, and can be none, by which the estimates
of this bureau can be anything more than mere
approximate estimates of the probable expendi-
tures.
commissary's bureau.
The operations of the commissary department
have been very satisfactory during the past year.
| The appropriations for supplies being sufficient,
| there was money in hand to make all necessary j
| purchases; and supplies of a better quality have I
| been purchased, and for lower rates, than at any •
! previous time for many years. When contracts j
j were necessarily given, they have been made on
| very advantageous terms. The supply of beef
! for the army m Utah and the inteimediafe posts,
i has cost less than the ruling prices in New York !
' or any of the Atlantic cities at the same periods, j
! The beef delivered in Utah cost no more than
, §8 50 per hundred, net: at fort Laramie $7 50
| per hundred, net; whilst the supply delivered at
; Fort Leavenworth, of the fattest and most supe-
I rior quality of corn-fed beef, cost only $6 25 per !
j hundred, net. j
j national defenses. i
I The accompanying report of the chief engineer i
i Will inform you of the progicss which has been
made during the past year in the construction of ■
our foHifieations.
The purposes and nature of these have been i
fully set forth in former communications from this
J Department, and I therefore deem it unnecessary 1
[ to advance any reasons in support of my recom- i
I mendation that appropriations may be granted !
, for the works at Willett's Point and Fort Rich- ;
, mond. j
In limiting my recommendations to these, and
a general appropriation for keeping in lepaircom- ;
pleted works, i have been guided by the consid- !
eration that the scale on which our defenses are ,
projected is so great that the expense of com*
1 pleting them should not be imposed upon the pres- 1
' ent generation, but should nither be distributed ;
i over a Jont? tei m of yeats, especially as the annual :i
■ burden will be comparatively lighter as thecoun- i
j try increases in wealth.
I Besides, as national circumstances change, and ,
in correspondence with the development and im- !
| piovement in the appliances of wart'aie, our for-
i tiiications must, in order to fulfill their original
! design, be modified in regaid to the scale or the
' system; lorexample: it is possible that the engi- |
| necr bureau may, in futui e plans, incline towards ;;
| some combination of earth-work batteries in pref-
i erence to the masonry forts of the present sys- j1
J tem. For these reasons, and because our sea- •
| ports are aheady reasonably secure against dhprt, ji
; attack, by guns afloat y I am averse to precipitation '■
| m completing the works now in hand.
! But if we are thus warranted in relaxing our so- >
i licitude with regard to the danger which engrossed ;
j the attention of the engineer boatd which forty ;j
| years ago planned the present system, we have !
| cause for fresh apprehension from a method of !
j warfare from which distance anu uncertainties of j
] the sea no longer protect us. In view of the pro- 'j
! digious development in the marine of the first ;!
j Powers of Europe, and of the increased range at j
i which their steam navies enable them to exert the
utmost strength of their land armies as well as ;j
floating forces, I am m favor of making some pro- |J
vision against descents upon our coasts of hostile j|
armies cooperating with steam fleets. ;
In proportion as our sea-ports increase in j
wealth, they will increase the incentive which h
would incline our maritime rivals to resort, in case il
of wa£, to a revival upon our shores of the system
which they pursued at Sebastopol,
Odessa, Sweborg, and Bomarsund, ^ith such de-
structive effect.
In my last report I alluded to the militia as the
proper reliance against similar attempts; butmticjh
depends upon the maturing and providingfor'be-
forehand, at each probable point of Attack, of
some plan of action which shall enable them to
compete on equal terms with the veteran armies
of Europe. Our railroads are indeed capable of
transporting, to the scene of action, great bodies
of men, but beyond certain limits the very num-
bers of raw tr6ops become disadvantageous, and
fifty thousand militia would do better service, if
managed so as to profit by the markmanship and
intelligence of the individuals, than a hundred
thousand of the same who should attempt to out-
maneuver a well-disciplined regular army.
For example, we may reasonably apprehend
that New York might be the object of ah expedi-
tion, which would debark a large army on Long
Island;theenemy could then march on Brooklyn,
and, if victorious, could either bombard that city
and New York, and destroy the navy-yard, or
exact a heavy contribution. A line of neld works
around Brooklyn would, however, obviate such
a calamity, for it would compensate its defenders
for their inferiority in the habit of war; and such
a lino could be thrown up and armed in a few-
days.
ft must be considered, however, that the growth
of the city has already overspread the positions'
wluch the original topography of the vicinity in-
dicated as most advantageous for such aline, and
that at the present rate the only ones which remain
available may be found, when the emergency ar-
uves, similarly occupied.
I therefoie recommcnd Congress to take steps
to securc the key points, at least, of the really
fine position in question, by reserving a few plats
of ground, to be occupied, when the occasion re-
quires, by redoubts.
Similar views to the above are advanced more
elaborately in memoirs which have been sub-
mitted to this Department; among others in one
on the defenses of New York, which has been
addressed to me by Lieutenant Morton, of the
engineer coip, and which I recommend for your
consideration; the plan it proposes for the location
and combination of the defensive works around
Brooklyn appears to be practical and judicious.
military roads.
The military road from Fort Smith to the Col-
orado river by way of Albuquerque is in progress
of construction with every promise of its being
executed with promptness and skill. The work
done upon tba't, portion of it lying west of -Fort
Defiance last year, begins already to demonstrate
the benefits to the country of the appropriation
and the work. Large numbers of emigrants bound
for California have passed over this route during
the past season, and unusually large herds of cat-
tle have been dnven that way, because of the
abundance of grass and wafer met with upon it.
For all the pmposesof a military road, this route
possesses many very striking advantages. The
line is a straight one nearly from Fort Smith to
the Colorado of the West; the surface over which
it passes is excellent for a road, whilst there is on
almost the entire line an abundance of grass and
water.
The position being on the thirty-fifth degree of
north latitude, renders grazing abundant at a very
early peiiod in the spring and late in the au-
tumn. For this reason a force might be marched
over this road at a period so late or so early that
other routes northward would be impassable from
fiosts and snows. The altitude of the mountain
range prevents that aridity m summer which
characterizes some of the more southern routes.
This route derives security from the peculi-
arity of the conformation of the country lying to
the north of it, from the western limit of the Na-
vajo tribe to the Colorado river. The corrugation
of the country north of this route, by immense
canons or chasms, renders it both uninhabitable
and impassable, so that a perfect barrier against
all possibility of Indian attacks from the north,
for a distance of seveial hundred miles, must ex-
ist forever. This, doubtless, constitutes a very
