1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order. The motion to lay on the table
is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. There has been no-such mo-
tion entertained, by the Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I thought
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] had
submitted that motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I thought I was recognized.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina was on the floor.
Mr. MORGAN. I thotight the gentleman had
taken his seat, and the Chair called the gentleman
from New York, and I moved to lay the motion
<W the table.
Mt\ BRANCH. At the time the gentleman
from New York made his motion, I held the
floor; and at a subsequent point I yielded the
floor, and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] took it.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, all that I desire to do
is to hear from the other side—from those who
are dissatisfied wilh this bill—so as to see what
they object to. We have to pass some sort of a
consular and diplomatic bill. The Government
has to have ministers and consuls at some points,
and to make provision for those who are now
abroad. Let us, therefore, by conference here,
and by an interchange of sentiment, ascertain ex-
actly what the grounds of objection to this bill
are. There is no other way to get at it.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question here. I put it to him in fair-
ness and candor. He appeals to us as the Oppo-
sition party. I ask him who has the power in
this House, and who is responsible for carrying
out the President's recommendations?
Mr. LETCHER. So far as that is concerned,
I think it would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyer to
tell who has the power.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is all the admission I
want.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that there is
an Administration majority here; but so far as
Lecompton was concerned, so far as this bill is
concerned, and so far as other questions that have
arisen here are concerned, I have ascertained that
there is not an Administration majority here; so
that there mustbe anOpposition majority of some
sort. What makes it up I do not know, nor does
it boot much to inquire. What I desn-e to do is
this: the session is drawing to a (iose. We
have to pass these appropriation bills for the pur-
pose of keeping the Government in operation, or
a Congress has to come back here to do it at an
early day after the 4th of March. If that extra
session can be avoided; if we can understand each
other now; if we can come to a conclusion as to the
legislation that is necessary to be had, and can
pass such bills as will keep the Government m
operation, is it not the part of wisdom to do so,
and to avoid the inconvenience of an extra ses-
sion ? So it strikes me.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to ask the gentleman
another question. Some time since, gentlemen on
<^this side of the House pioposed that, if certain
amendments which were adopted in committee
"Would be allowed to be voted on in the House by
yeas and nays, you should have our vote on your
bill. The missions to Persia, Rome, Switzeiland,
and Buenos Ayres, were particularized. Objection
was made on that side of the House. Now, I ask
the gentleman from Virginia, why not give us a
vote on strikin? gut these missions?
Mr. LETCHER. I could not give you a vote
upon them. As I understand the matter, the
Speaker of the House decided that the proposi-
tion in the shape in which it was presented here
was the only proposition that could be voted upon.
That is my understanding.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Virginia, I desire
to say that, after certain amendments had been
adopted by the committee 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the interruption.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri cannot proceed, as objection is made.
Mr. LETCHER. I am sorry to see the House
in so objective a mood to-day. It seems to me
that if there was less objection and more concilia-
tion and desire to hear and to understand, there
would be less difficulty in arriving at a sensible
conclusion.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is it exactly. Youhave
hit it, and I say here now 
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio cannot proceed.
Mr. NICHOLS. Well, let it go. If objection
is to be the order of the day, get the bill through
if you can. •
Mr. LETCHER. I have no personal interest
in this matter. God knows that nobody from my
district is concerned; no one is in a foreign mis-
sion or consulship; and, so far as the deffiat of
the bill is concerned, it hurts no one of my con-
stituents. I have said that I have no personal
interest in it; but I have an interest in endeavor-
ing^ get the legislation of the session through,
and to get it through in some satisfactory way.
There are but five weeks of the session left. If
the bills are to be defeated and new bills are to be
brought in, the result will be that the session will
expire without the nccessary appropriation bills
being passed. It seems to me that we might avoid
much of this; that we might, by comparing views,
understand cach other in the course of an hour's
time, and present a bill here that would be ac-
ceptable, if not to all, at least to a majority of the
House.
So far as the mission to Persia is concerned, to
which the gentleman from Ohio has referred, I
care nothing about it. I would as soon it was
out of the bill as in it. -But we have to do some-
thing; and after all is done in this body, suppose
you strike out these missions, and fhe bill goes
to the Senate, is there a gentleman upon this or
upon the other side of the House who entertains
a doubt that when the bill comes back from the
Senate, it will come back containing these very
identical appropriations that have been stricken
out here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will vote
against it.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, let him do it. Rut
will he expedite business, or arrive at a vote
against it then, by defeating the bill here and
sending it back to the Committee of Ways and
Means, without information as to what he wants?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the majority
of the committee make a report.
Mr. LETCHER. How are we to know what
the majority of the House wants ? Now, I ask
the gentleman from Tennessee what bill would
suit him? *"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Take out these
new missions to Persia and Japan, and 1 will
vote for it.
Mr. EDIE. I object to the interruption.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee wants two missions stricken out. Now,
how many does the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Colfax] v/ant out, and how many does the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] want out ? Let
as sec how the thing stands r
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. JO^NES, of Pennsylvania, (m his scat.)*!
1 object.
I Mr. NI£HOLS. Is an objection in older, un-
! less the gentleman making it rises from his seat?
I The SPEAKER. It is not.
| Mr. LETCHER. I did not hear the remark
! of the gent'nn.i') from Ohio
i The SPEAKER. The remark was addressed
t« the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. Nov/, we want to arrange
this matter.
Mr. (Ji DDIjNGS. Will the gentleman fromVir-
i gima permit me to propound to him one question ?
| Mr. LETCHER. Ceitan.Iy, sii.
| Mr. GIDDLN'GS. Tins i  an appiopriation
[.bill, and iny action on it Will depend upon his
! answer. I ask him if it is the intention of the
j Committee of Ways and Mean^ io report a bill
j appropriating $>30,000,000 for the purchase of
j Cuba5 If it is, I wish to stop the Administration
; where it is.
I Mr. LETCHER. Why, Mr. Speaker, so far
■ as that is concerned, I believe it is the Committee
! on Foreign Affairs that has Cuba in charge, and
not the Committee of Ways and Means. If the
Committee on Foieign Afftiiis introduce such a
bill, and that hill becomes a law, I imagine that
the gentleman from_Ohio will a^ree with me that
; the Committee ofWuys and Means have no al-
! ternative but to conform their action to the action
; of Congress.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I made a mistake as to the
committee? but I wish to say that if it.is the in-
tention of thefriands of the Administration to ap-
propriate $30,000,000 for the purchase of: Cuba,
I am willing to stop us proceedings her§; arrd I,
for one, will not help the Administration by-my
vote.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, all that I can
say is 
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the propriety or impropriety of the
acquisition of Cuba is not a proper subject for
discussion on the pending1 proposition,.
Mr. LETCHER. I have but a word or two more
to say upon this subject, i am somewhat sur-
prised at the views presented by the senior mem-
ber from Ohio on this subject. Whether the sum
of $30,000,000 shall be appropriated or not with
a view to the acquisition of Cuba, has nothing to
do with this consular and diplomatic bill. This
bill should be passed or rejected upon its merits
alone. But if, after the votes which have been
taken to-day, the bill should be refer^pd back to
the Committee of Ways and Means, it would go
back to that committee without the slightest indi-
cation of what changes a majority of the House
desire to have made in it.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand the rules,
aright, the Committee of Ways and Means could
accomplish nothing without a reconsideration of
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed; and that cannot be had, because a mo-
tion to reconsider has already been made and laid
upon the table. The only course, then, is for a
new bill to be introduced, as I urwierstand it; and
therefore, the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina may as well be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to correct
a statement which he made. The Chair is in-
formed by the Clerk'that the motion made by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to recon-
sider and lay upon the table related to the last
amendment, which was adopted. The Chair in-
advertently stated that a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
had been laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. Then I understand that we
can reconsider back to the engrossment of the bill,
and then amend or recommit it.
Now, I have only this to say in reply to the
gentleman from Vnginia, [Mr. Letcher:] I un-
derstand that the votes upon this side of the
House against the bill were nearly all given upon
the ground that there was an unnecessarily large
number of missions provided for in the bill, in-
cluding some new ones; that it proposed an in-
crease in the foreign missions, and provided for
at least.half a dozen missions that aie utterly un-
necessary. And there will be rv> votes for the
bill from tins side of the House, if there are pro-
visions in it that we do not approve. We hold
that if bills which are exceptionable and do not
meet our views arc to be passed by this House,
they must be passed by the friends of the Ad-
ministration. If they are unexceptionable, and
arc made to confonn to our views, wc hold our-
selves bound to vote for them. But if gentlemen
incorporate into their bills, appropriations which
J think unjust, improper, and unnecessary ex-
penditures, I shall vote against the bills, and
throw upon the other side of the House the re-
sponsibility of their passage.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there need be no difficulty
about the matter -rf opportunity for a fair vote is
given upon the striking out of such missions as
are believed to be unnecessary. I think, myself,
that the vote by wIikIi the bill was rejected,
should be reconsidered, and that the bill should
then be sent to the Committee of Ways and-
Means, vith a view to us correction.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Gentlemen upon
the other side of the House complain that they
had not an opportunity to vote in the House upon
certain amendments that were adopted in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
action had in that committee. Three or foui dif-
ferent missions were stricken out; and then a gen-
tleman on the other side of the House, versed and
skill, d in pcirhnmentary tactics, after those amend-
ments had been ydopted by the votes of the com-
mittee, proposed an amendment to strike out the
whole of that paragraph and insert that which
the committee adopted. That is^the action that
