16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sk.ss.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
great recommendation to the route as one foi
emigration and transpoitation of block.
In another point of view this route is important.
Ill the construction of military posts, to keep in
subjection the marauding bands of Camanches,
Kioways, and other tribes, the topography of the
country presents points for them very near to this
line of road, so that it will be protected by a line
of posts along it from the borders of the friendly
Indian settlements to Albuquerque. With a judi-
cious location of two other posts between that
point and the Colorado river, traveling will be as
secure upon that line of road, throughout its whole
extent,as upon any territorial load in the United
States. I think it would be advisable to make an
appropriation for still further improving this road.
Great improvements have been made in the
roads through the Territory of Utah since the
march of the army thither. A new route has been
opened from Fort Bridger to the present encamp- ,
ment of the army, near Utah lake, by what is I
called the Valley of the Timpanogos, which'di- i
minishes the distance to California, 111 comparison
with that usually traveled by Soda Springs, two J
hundred and fifty miles, and is shoiter, by one
hundred and thirty miles, than the present route
through Suit Lake. An appropriation of a mod-
erate sum, to be expended on the road west of
Utah lake, or Rush valley, towards Carson val-
ley, would} no doubt, be both juuicious and oene-
fieial. It would open and materially improve a
route which may be very essential, at some time,
in transporting supplies from the Pacific side to
any troops stationed m (Jtali.
EXPLORATION'S A \'D SURVEYS.
Everv season is developing the great advant-
. .1. .  ...1
and those of the river Oregon a portage of not
i more than four hundred miles intervenes If this ;
i should turn out to be true, and the ground should ,
' prove suitable for the construction of a road, this ,
route will be eventually one of the most import- i
ant yet discovered between the Atlantic and ra-
cific for military purposes. Other regions of in- ;
terext and importance, of which we know next to
nothing, require to be explored. _
There is a large amount of important scientific 1
information in the bureaus of this Department
which could be made valuable to the general in-
terests of the country if it were properly presented
to the public. It ought to be done through means
of a geological map. Such a map is a public ne-
cessitv, and no equal sum of money could he
expended which would confer so many valuaole
benefits upon the country as the amount neces-
sary for the preparation of such a map.
The extensive deposits of precious metals
throughout our vast dominion, in search for which
such immense sums aie annually expended, wouid^
be accuiately marked; whilst the great aiUicles ot
national wealth and prosperity, iron, coal, and
salt, would be so clearly defined that no money
need ever be thrown away m fruitless seaicn foi
them in localities wheie they do not exist. Such
a map would direct wisely the expenditures of
j money and labor, and would restrain losses likely
' to arise from ignorance or willful misreprcsenta-
■ tion.
y scao^ii - —
ages to the public which mure irom appropria-
tions made for military explorations and surveys.^
The large and almost wholly unknown region ot
country lying between our Atlantic and Pacific
frontiers is becoming every day more faiviiliarly ;
understood by means of information gained
through these explorations and surveys. Some
important expeditions have been consummated
since my last report. Important additions to our
geographical knowledge ha\e beru made by these
surveys, and extensue inhumation upon many
scientific subjects lms been procured at the same
time. The public interests an* much promoted by
this expenciitui e. I ask special attention to tlie
report of the officer in chaiire of the office ot ex-
ploration and surveys. It etuiuaees the results
of the expeditions heretofore fitted out to exam-
ine the hithei to unknown teutons of tTie Colouuio
of the West, as well as the Mack Hills lynn;'west
of the Nebraska Temtot y. important and veiv
valuable information has been furnished by both
expeditions. That of Lu- uteiiant Ives, anion.g
other things of ^reat interest, < xlubiU one of the
most temarkable topographical piiemmieiia e\er
met with, lie discovers teat the wateis oi Uic
Colorado rivev, in all their various lanuitcations
of brooks, creeks, and rivers, make their way to
the main stream through canons or cleils m the
yolid rock at a depth of from one thousand feet,
where the canons first commence, to that of six
thousand, towards the head wateiaof the htieams ,j
below the surface of the erath. These colons ;
present, foi the most pait, p< rpendicular faces ot
solid rock, and <;ive to the w hole couiitty an as- n
pect of wihl desolation, witmuit a puiantd ot ail ;
appro xi ma t ion on the American eon 11 nent. i a est.
reports will constitute a valuable addition to sci- j1
ence, and wnl be found ve:y uitciesiing. '
A very kujre, and i think important portion o.
our territory, lying uoith and west of the Black ,
Hdls, towaids the souices of the Missouri and
its tributaries coming m from the south sine or it, ■ !
is almost wholly unknown. It ought to be thoi- y
oughly explored. 1 have hut htile^hositation in j:
saymg that <s most important line of in tircommu- ■:
nication between the rvlississippi vnlley and the ^
river Oregon will yet be opened, and probably at ;
no distant day, either through the country spoken ;;
of, or a little further north,upon a line extending i
from Lake Superior along upon the waters of the ;
upper Missouri to those of the Oregon. At all j
events, we need much information about this j
country, which nothing but a careful exploration i
can give. There are strong grounds to believe J
that between the navigable waters of the Missouri I
j CAMELS.
i The entire adaptation of camels to military op-
! erations upon the plains may now be taken as
■ demonstrated, whdst their great usefulness and
, superiority m many pai ticulars is equally certain.
! A very "heavy expense is necessarily incurred
; every year by'the quartermaster's department ill ,
; furnishing transportation for troops whilst en- ■
1 gaged m expeditions against the rovmg tribes of 1
i the plains. In all these movements camels could ^
is be used, no doubt, to very great advantage. In
'i the space of three days a well-appointed command ^
"i could set out and traverse a space of one hundied
and fifty miles without difficulty or much fatigue, '■
:i and fall upon any Indian tribe perfectly unawares. ;
\ Tlicy would be'able to cai ry all necessary eup- 11
j! plies for the campaign,and tiaverse the arid plains ,
j, without any inconvenience fiom want ot water.
The superiority of the camel over the horse would
|I soon become so manifest for all movemeuts upon
J'the plains and deseits, that hostile Eiuiians m
those regions would soon come to understand tlm
! hopelessness of escape by flight, and the f.dly of
i marauding where chastisement was certain. j
,1 The camel lives and thrives upon what would
not sustain the hardiest mule, and consequently
the i:em of forage, one now of enormous cost,
■' would be almost saved, if the supply of camels
was sufficient to answer the demands and require-
ments of our frontiei service.
It could not fail to be a measure of wise economy ;
" -ess would authorize the purchase of a
idea of the duties they will be called upon to per-
form, or of the discipline they will be required to
undergo. And when to the arduous dtries of a
frontier campaign they are subjected to the disci-
pline of drill and the routine of a soldier s life, they
find it more than any ordinary exertion will ac-
complish, and, consequently, they desert. if they
were thoroughly drilled before joining their regi-
ments, the discipline itself would fit them to over-
come those very difficulties with comparative ease,
which, without it, causes them to desert.
Under our present system a dragoon recruit
may be sent to his regiment, immediately march-
ing against the Indians of the plains, whilst his
skill ill riding is not sufficient to sit a horse at ail
ordinary trot without extreme difficulty. The
arms about the person of such a man are as use-
less as if they were safely stored away in one of
the Atlantic arsenals. The man's condition is
one of torture to himself and his horse; his horse
is speedily broken down, and he himself deserts.
Examples of this sort are extremely numerous,
and of perpetual occurrence.
These and a great many other evils resulting
from sending untrained men to the mounted set-
vice can all be avoided by authorizing the public
property at Kairodsburg, Kentucky, to be con-
verted into a CAVALRY DEPOT and school for the
mounted service. It will entail no additional ex-
pense. The houses are sufficient now for every
pui pose, and the stables are ample for such horses
as would be necessary for drill and all other pur-
poses. The grounds attached to the establish-
ment, T believe, are admirably adapted to cavalry
drill, being extensive and well situated.
If this measuie is sanctioned, it will not only
fill the regiments with men skillful and efficient in
the management of their horses and the use of
their arms, but it will be a measuie of economy,
and prove a greater saving in money to the pub-
he service.
Harrodsburg has striking advantages besides
those enumerated; it is situated in a rich, healthy,
grain-producing country, where forage can always
be purchased in abundance, and at fair pnccs\ and
the horses of that region are of the very best sort.
It is very accessible and sufficiently near the fron-
tiers of the West for the recruits to reach speed-
ily, by railroads and steamboats, any of the posts
at winch the mounted regiments would probably
be stationed.
The hontier service requires that every possi-
ble means should be resorted to to make our little
i Army thoroughly eliicumt, and no measure, I am
, confident, would contribute more to it than the
i one now proposed.
It i, till _ • < •> WMUIM v.. . .    - - - - t-
' thousand camels for the purposes spoken of.
This could be done at comparatively small cost, 1
1 if a suitable vessel ot the INavy was detailed to
, transport them.
:i As this subject is attracting much attention, I 1
,■ take the liberty of tiausmitung, herewith, a brief j
! i s cause on the camel, written with groat care, and :
i! dejsf ribni" with minuteness the proper mode of
: raisin;;, traunnz, and treatment of them. It is
! the work ot'Hekekyan Bey, ot Cairo, ligypt, and
!' was prepared at the instance ot our active and
; efficient consul general of Egypt, who nas lntei -
:; ested himself upon this subject, and has furnished
.■ much valuable information concerning these am-
mats. The publication of this little manual will,
'| no doubt, confer a decided benefit upon those
who are funnily their attention to this new and
j; important branch oi husbandry .
i ASYLUM AT HARRODSBURG,KENTUCKY.
^ This property cannot be sold except at a rutn-
;■ ous sacrifice, but it can be converted into an es-
li tablishmeut of usefulness, indeed of the greatest
im
jorcance to the service. One ot the
greatest evils entailed upon the efficiency oi our
foices, when called on for active duty m the ;
field, arises from the large number of entirely raw
recruits continually sent forward to fill up the 1
ranks. These men,for most part, have no earthly
school or artillery.
The Artillery School of Practice at Fort Mon-
roe, so long an object deyired amongst the mili-
tai y men of' the country, has been established,
and bids fair to realize all the benefits to the ser-
vice which us friends anticipated. It will give to
the service, presently, a corps of officers and men-
certainly equal to those of any other service m
the world. The officers, under whose charge it
is at present, are thoroughly competent and fully
j imbued with an anxious desire for complete suc-
1 cess in the school. _ ...
j There is o small tract of land in the vicinity Ot
I the foi t which oue;ht to be purchased for thepur-
| pose of sivms tx sufficient range for practice with
' heavy suns. With this land a lar^te saving could
! be made by tlie recovery of balls used in practice
i hi the course of time. Tne ran^e, witnout this
! land, is inadequate to the wants of the service and
j the interests of the school. The reports upon
i this point, to which I refer, will give in detail the
!i particulars upon which this recommendation is
| predicated.
I IX^eaOTOR GENERAL.
II The duties of inspector general are among the
ji most useful and important of any pertaining to
; the service. Through these offices all abuses and
'1 defects of the service are ascertained and made
known to the Department, and from him that sort
of information is derived which would, ill fact,
be impracticable through any other source.
Our immensely extended Territories render this
sort of inspection of our numerous military posts
and depots a matter of vital importance; and it is
quite impossible that those duties can be prop-
