688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
was had in the Committee of the Whole. It was
■well known that*the amendments which had
been, prior to that, adopted, were lost by that
action.
Mr. SHERMAN^ of Ohio. "Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I do, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
misunderstands the motion I.made in committee.
I moved, as is shown by the Globe, to strike out
all that remained of the original paragraph, ex-
cept certain missions. The question was raised;
and the^chairman of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union expressly said that he
would report back to the House the amendments
in regard to the missions to Persia and other coun-
tries, and then the amendment that I offered my-
self. I acted upon his statement made as chair-
man of the Committee of the „Whole on the state
of the Union; and I was absent this morning when
this question arose.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I refer to the
action of the House. Now, sir; there is no bet-
ter established principle of parliamentary law
than that when you have made an amendment to
a section ofa bill,and have stricken out a portion
of it, and when, by a subsequent motion, you
* have stricken out the whole section, and inserted
new matter, the preceding amendment is lost.
That is a settled principle of parliamentary law.
Then, when the action of the House was had
upon the amendment adopted in committee on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] the House refused to concur in that amend-
ment, thus showing that they approved of the
text of tlfb bill as it came from the committee, so
far as this paragraph was concerned. An amend-
ment was adopted in committee providing for a
new mission at Japan; the House voted m that
amendment, no gentleman calling for a division
in this House 011 that amendment, although the
mission h entirely a new one, not recommended
by the Committee of Ways and Means; not rec-
ommended by the President; but adopted simply
upon the recommendation of the Secretary of
State, contained in a letter addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs in this
House.
The other amendment adopted by the House,
reported irom (he Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, was reducing the appro-
piiation for cairymg on the boumlaiy survey on
the northwest, fiom '$100,000 to $71,1)00.
The House then 1 efused to concur in the amend-
ment reported Irom the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union striking out the last
clause of the bill, and left the paragraph as re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Now, then, if this bill be recommitted to the
Commiu<eof Ways and Means, how can they
reconstruct another bill which shall conform to
the wishes of the House? They cannot conform
it to the report of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; for the House has de-
cided that that report is unacceptable to them.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says,
if we can have a separate vote upon some of the
missions—upon Persia, Switzerland, Rome, and
perhaps one or two others, he is willing to ac-
quiesce in the passage of the bill. Well, sirKas
lur as I am concerned, 1 am willing that such a
courso shall betaken. When the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] pioposed in committee
to strike out the enacting clause, and asked
whether votes could not be had m the House upon
these several missions, for the purpose of expedit-
ing the business of the House, 1 assented to the
proposition, and said I would myself make the
proposition if the bill was carried to the House,
though 1 should vote against the motion myself.
1 knew veiy weli at the time that the report
would be made which has been made, if the bill
was carried regularly to the House with the
amendments made 111 committee attached to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know of no other course
to be pursued except to adopt the motion to recon-
sider. Rut here another difficulty auses. I call
the attention of the House to the fact, that when
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] was
trying to ascertain from gentlemen on the other
side of the House what modifications they de-
sired, the gentlemen on this side who objected
were the men who were found voting, side by
side with gentlemen on the other side, against
the bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I hope the gentleman will
except me from that statement.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I except the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, certainly. I alluded par-
ticularly to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Wright,] who is recorded as standing side by side
with gentlemen on the other side, against the bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. It strikes me.that the only
objection on the part of gentlemen on this side of
the House, is that they were not allowed to have
separate votes on some of these missions. If the
vote of the House can be reconsidered, so as to
bring the bill in a shape where it can be amended
and we can have separate votes upon these mis-
sions, I, for one, shall be very willing to vote for
the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman allow me
for a moment? I wish to make a suggestion which
I hope will meet the views of gentlemen all around
the House. I have made the motion to reconsider,
because I feel that there is a duty resting upon
this House, and upon myself, as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, that this bill shall
not be allowed to fail.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will vote for your motion to
reconsider with pleasure.
Mr. BRANCH. I made the motion with the
hope of saving this bill. It was my intention to
ask that the motion should go over until to-uior-
row, and in the mean time there would be an op-
portunity to consult with the Committee of Ways
and Means, and with members who have opposed
the bill, in the hope that by a compaiison of views,
some plan might be agreed on by which the bill
could be passed. I hope the motion may be al-
lowed to go over until to-morrow.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 think that is a good sug-
gestion, and I hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think I can make a
suggestion L>y which, peihaps, an agreement may
be arrived at, in reference to this bill. If the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will report another
bill, leaving out the mission to Persia, and leav-
ing out that clause of the bill which provides for
carrying into effect the arrangement made by the
President with the Colonization Society, I think
the bill will pass.
Mr. HOPKINS. I have risen to make a sug-
gestion to the House, in the hope that there may
be some rule of action agreed upon, winch will
do away with the postponement of final action
upon this bill. It is true, as has been stated, that
separate votes wore taken in Committee of the
Whole upon striking out several of these mis-
sions, which received a majority of votes.
We have already had a dehbeiate vote in the
House, by yeas and nays, upon the last clause
of the hill referred to by thegentioman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Barksdalr. j I propose, then, that
this motion to refer be agieed to; and that sepa-
rate votes shall be taken upon striking out each
of the missions which were stricken out 111 com-
mittee; with the understanding that the yeas and
nays shall bo taken upon each one, if gentlemen
desire, and then we may pass the bill. 1 myself
shall vote, upon every motion to strike out, in the
negative, as I did in committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I approve of the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia, who has jusjf
taken his seat; and, m this connection, I wish to
.slate what controlled me in my vote upon this
bill. In the Committee of Ways and Means I
voted for reporting this bill to the House. I wish
now to sec the bill pass in the shape in which it
came from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Yet, sir, 1 voted against this bill. I felt eon-
strained so to vote, because, although I agreed
with the Speaker in 1ns decision of the point of
order made this morning upon the statement of
facts presented, it is nevertheless true that a dif-
ferent statement of facts was presented in com-
mittee; which statement influenced many gentle-
men on this side 111 the votes they gave upon the
proposition of the gentleman from OI110. The
app'-ul was made to me, " will you entrap us?"
Sir, my reply was: "no; I will take the whole
responsibility rather than do it."
Now, I want them to have a vote upon those
missions which were stricken out. I myself
shall vote against every one of them, and then
vote for the bill; and the bill will pass if the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Virginia is adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman that I approve of his suggestion, as
well as of the suggestion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins.] Pour missions were
stricken out.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the gentleman's
speaking in the time of the gentleman from •
Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD resumed the floor.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Michigan allow the Chair to make a suggestion.
There has been no vote taken upon the proposi-
tion to reconsider the vote by which this bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
is entirely competent for the House to reconsider
the vote rejecting the bill. It will then-be""com-
petent to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. Then the
House will be brought to a vote upon the bill in
the precise shape in which it was when it was
ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state further, prin-
cipally by way of explaining my own vote, that
an appeal was made to me that the report which
the Chairman of the Committee of thp Whole on
the state of the Union was to make should be re-
duced to writing and actually shown to members;
not because it was supposed that there was bad
faith upon the part of anybody, but because there
were different views in relation to the parliament-
ary rules.
Mr. CRAWFORD. In reference to the course
which the House has seen fit to take upon this
bill, speaking for myself alone, I say I am pre-
pared to take my full share of the responsibility.
I understand this bill to be very strong in its sep-
arate parts. There is a shifting majority in the
House m favor of particular sections; for instance,
that poition of it to which myself and some of my
friends have been particularly opposed during its
consideration, I have no doubt, is the strongest
featuie in the whole bill, and will control more
votes than any other particular clause in it. And,
sir, if any arrangement can be made by which a
vote shall be given with reference to the missions
to Persia, Rome, and Switzerland, it will not
succeed if it be within the power of those who
are opposed to the last clause of the bill to de-
feat it. We desire, with reference to that partic-
ular clause, that its provisions shall come up in
a separate and distinct bill. That the subject is
strong enough to pass the House, I do not'doubt.
But there aie eeitain members who have, been
voting against tkat clause for the purpose of re-
cording their votes in opposition to the construc-
tion of the act of 1819, which provides for the re-
turn to Africa of the slaves taken ftom on board
the slaver Echo. And if that is the only way by
winch we shall be allowed by the House to ex-
press our opposition to that constriction, we will
kill the whole bill before we will take it with that
clause in it.
There is another class of men who oppose the
bill. Some of the tariff men here will not, per-
haps, vote for any appi opi intion bill at all, until the
tariff is raised. Perhaps that will account for some
portion of the opposition votes. I do not know
whether this is so or not. But no frrrangementcan
be made by which my vote can he recorded m
favor of this bill, unless that clause can be placed
in ^uc!i a shape that I can approve of it. And I
desire to say now, what I would have said yes-
terday, hail I been allowed the opportunity, in
reference to that particular clause; and that is,
I am willing to pay the bounty of twenty-live dol-
lars a head. Tnat is the law of the land, and of
course I am willing to sustain it. The officers and
crew are entitled to it; and they will be entitled to it
whether we mcorpoiat-^ it in this bill or compel
them to come here at some future time to claim
it. But I want this particular question to depend
upon its own merits, and I shall be utterly op-
posed to any bill, though it be a bill making the
entire appropriations necessary to carry on the
Government, if it contain this clausc. I am op-
posed to educating these Africans upon ihecoa>t
of Africa, or anywhere else. This very question
of opening the slave trade is one of the highest
importance, and one which threatens to make and
unmake paities in the country. It is a question,
which grows stronger and stronger every day,
and I believe the result of it will be the building
up and tearing down of party platforms; and the
only way by which it can be prevented is to cease
