1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
It
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate h Ho. of Reps.
erly performed without the addition of another
inspector genera! to the two already authorized
by law. I therefore recommend that the appoint-
ment of an additional inspector general be au-
thorized by law.
staff.
I call again your special attention to the recom-
mendations I submitted in my report last year
upon the subject of the staff. Another year's
experience has convinced me more than ever of
the great benefits which would flow from the
adoption of the suggestions and recommenda-
tions therein set forth.
engineers.
There are two corps of engineers attached to
the Army, designated as engineers, and topogra-
phical engineers. This division of corps was ac-
cidental somewhat at first, and has been persisted
in from mere habit. In my judgment it is useless
and uncalled for, and ought at once to be abol-
ished.
The presentarrangement is founded in no good
reason whatever, and is productive of no benefit
to the service, whilst it entails a considerable ex-
pense upon the Department, altogetheruseless and
unnecessary. It is derogating nothing from the
corps of engineers to say that the topographical
corps is quite their equal. By this proposed union
of the corps, it would always furnish a sufficient
number of this staff to accompany troops in the
field. This, in turn would tend to the reformation
of what is growing into an abuse—the absence of
so many staff officers from all service with troops
in the field.
Nothing, in my judgment, would result in greater
benefit to the service, than to require all staff offi-
cers, from the heads of bureaus down to the
youngest brevet second lieutenant, to serve period-
ically with troops in the field. Any officer who
* remains for many years absent from duty in the
field, comes to have very faint perceptions of what
is useful and necessary for troops in actual ser-
vice in the field. He can only know what is need-
ful through information derived from others. It
is obvious, then, that those best informed should
be the ones intrusted with the staff duties.
brigadier generals.
Whenever two regiments are brought together
in a brigade, a general of brigade should be in com-
mission to command it. If our whole Army were
now organized for the field, we should need nine
generals of brigade; and in the necessary arrange-
ments of peace, the three in commission are not
sufficient to command on the frontiers and in the
military departments. These brigade commands,
therefore, in our Army are generally devolved on
the senior regimental officer, who is thereby with-
drawn from the proper duties of his own appoint-
ment and commission. But as regimental officers
are not, by rightof seniority, to be commissioned
generals, neither ought they, by such rule, to ex-
ercise the functions of generals. In all armies gen-
erals are selected for commands by Government.
A sufficient number should always be in commis-
sion for that purpose not attached by law or their
commissions to specified commands as regimental
officers are. The assignment of brevet officers to
brevet commands does not always serve the pur-
pose, and where it does, it is only by conferring
two commissions and two offices on one officer
who can only discharge the duties of one; the ex-
pense to Government is the same whether the offi- j
cer exercises command by a brevet or by a proper 1
commission. There is a great need of three addi-
tional brigadier generals to those now in commis-
sion, and I recommend their appointment.
WASHINGTON ARSENAL.
The grounds heretofore purchased for extend-
ing the accommodations of the Washington ar- i
senal, have been delivered to the Government and
are inclosed with a slight temporary fence. Suit-
able buildings for more extensive operations at
this place ought to be erected, and it is proper
that the plans should be at once adopted which
could be gradually completed in the progress of
time. Some of the workshops now in use there
were erected upon ground reclaimed from the
water, and are very unsubstantial. The walls
are giving way and the roofs are sustained in
places with props. These buildings are insecure
and will become dangerous.
New Series.—No. 2.
The reports of the engineer will exhibit the state
of things at the- Military Academy, and in rela-
tion to other matters especially under the charge
of that bureau.
The report of the officer in charge of the Capi-
tol extension and Post Office, will give a detailed
statement of the progress of the work for the last
year.
The reports from the different bureaus and offi-
cers in charge of particular works, are referred to
as calculated to give full information upon the
respective subjects embraced in them.
volunteers.
I call your particular attention to the necessity
of providing, by law, for payment of the claims
brought against the Government by different
States and Territories, for services heretofore ren-
dered by volunteer forces in suppressing Indian
hostilities. These claims are numerous, and'
amount, in the aggregate, to a very large sum.
Where they are just, every principle of equity and
fairness requires their payment. If any should
prove, upon strict examination, to be without
foundation,to pronounce this judgment promptly,
and settle the question definitely, would bring
relief to those presenting the claims, and to this
it would seem they are at least entitled.
expenditures of the army.
I desire to call particular attention to the sub-
ject of Army expenditures. I think there is some
misapprehension in the public mind upon this
point, which can be removed by a succinct state-
ment of facts.
The disbursement of money through the War
Department embraces many subjects entirely dis-
connected with the Army proper, but all of which
is in general apprehension ascribed wholly to the
Army. All work done upon fortifications along
the sea-coast, in which many millions are spent,
has, in fact, no more to do with the operations of
the Army than the ships-of-war which are built
at the navy-yards. Nor has the Army, as such,
anything to do with the expenditures of money
annually appropriated for rivers and harbors; so,
too, of the buildings and works of a public char-
acter put in charge of Army officers for construc-
tion. It is certainly not just to charge to the
Army the millions spent upon the aqueduct for
bringing water into the city of Washington, when,
in all probability, not one platoon of soldiers will
ever, in the course of any one year, be solaced
with a drink of water from those capacious fount-
ains.
The fair and legitimate expenses of the Army
are embraced within comparatively a few items.
The pay of the officers and men is regulated by
law; not one dollar more or less can be expended
upon that object. So, too, with their rations and
clothing. Nothing would be easier, and nothing
in the future would be more certain, than to esti-
mate exactly what would be the cost to the coun-
try of maintaining our whole Army, or any por-
tion of it, at any fixed and permanent post for a
year. But when the movements of troops depend
upon the uncertain temper and disposition of
savages upon a frontier line of more than four
thousand miles in extent, some latitude must be
allowed in calculating the probable cost of making
such movements as those precarious contingen-
cies may necessitate. The season of the year,
and the locality where the marches are to take
place, enter materially into the computation of ex-
penses, all of which is too obvious to require any
illustration. So much for the general proposition
about Army expenditures. I have attempted, as
far as possible, to meet your just wishes in re-
ducing the expenditures of the Army, and the
estimates of the next fiscal year are less than
the appropriations of the last by the sum of
$9,1G0,488 32. They are less than the estimates
laid before you at the last session of Congress,
by the sum of $2,735,408 55. They amount in
the aggregate to $18,010,090 28; and I entertain
a strong hope that the expenditures may be still
further reduced in the course of another year.
It affords me pleasure to say, that notwith-
standing the Indian wars in Washington, New
Mexico, and Texas, all of which were unforeseen
and unexpected, still, unless there shall be further
and larger demands for expenditures in suppress-
ing other Indian hostilities, additional to those
already incurred in Washington Territory, >New
Mexico, and Texas, there will' be no necessity
for asking appropriations in the shape of a. defi-
ciency bill. * ; !«• i ■
I have the honor to be, very respeetfallyv jcoui'
obedient servant, JOHN B. FLOYD, .
Secretary of V
The President op the United States."
Report of the Scerctary of tile Navy.
Navy Department, December G, 1858. -
Sir: Since the last annual report this Depart-
ment has been required to employ a naval force
for the purpose of arresting unlawful expeditions
against Nicaragua, resisting the exercise of the
right of search by British cruisers in the neigh-
borhood of Cuba, and enforcing a demand of re-
dress for an insult to our flag and for injuries to
our citizens by the Government of Paraguay.
In the first instance, that of arresting and pre-
venting unlawful expeditions set on foot in the
United States against Nicaragua, contrary to the
act of Congress of April 30, 1818, orders for this
purpose were issued to the steam frigates Wabash
and Susquehanna, the sloops-of-war Jamestown
and Saratoga, and the steamer Pulton.- These
orders and the successful action of Flag-Offi«eir
Paulding,andthoseunderhiscommand, in break-
ing up the expeditio-n against Nicaragua', set on
foot by General Walker, were fully communicated
to Congress at its last session by the special mes-
sage of the President of January 17, 1858.
The force sent into the neighborhood of Cuba
to resist the exercise of the right of search by
British cruisers, consisted of the steam frigates
Wabash and Colorado, the sloops-of-war Mace-
donian, Constellation, Jamestown, Saratoga, and
Plymouth; the steamers Water Witch, Arctic,
Fulton, and Dispatch, and the brig Dolphin; com-
prising the Mediterranean squadron under Flag-
Officer Lavallette, the home squadron under Flag-
Officer Mcintosh, and such other vessels as were
sent out specially for that purpose. They were
all deemed effective for the object for which they
were sent, because, in the execution of their mis-
sion, no one of them would have hesitated to re-
sist a ship of the largest class. They were' in-
structed to protect all vessels of the United States
against the exercise of the right of search on the
high seas, in time of peace, by the armed vessels
of any other Power. These instructions have been
often repeated and are now regarded as standing
instructions to the Navy of the United States,
wherever employed. -They put the deck of an
American vessel on the same footing with Ameri-
can soil, the invasion of which, under foreign au-
thority, is to be as strenuously resisted in the one
case as in the other. They regard such invasion
as in the highest degree offensive to the United
States, incompatible with their sovereignty and
with the freedom of the seas, and to be met and
resisted by the whole power of the country. It
was your policy promptly and decisively to em-
brace the opportunity to bring this question of
right, upon which we had gone through one war
and half a century of negotiation, to final issue,
by placing all other nations in a posture where
thoy must either fight for it or abandon it. The
result has proved the wisdom of the measure.
Congress having authorized the President to
use forco to obtain redress from the Government
of Paraguay, it was deemed expedient to send a
powerful fleet into that neighborhood to be em-
ployed, if necessary, for that purpose. Accord-
ingly the squadron on the east coast of South
America has been increased, so that it will consist
of two frigates, two sloops-of-war, three brigs,
twelve armed steamers, and two armed store-
ships. They have been ordered to rendezvous
near Buenos Ayres, and to be in readiness for any
action that may be required. Of this force, one
sloop, three brigs, and twelve steamers can lay
the whole river coast of Paraguay under effective
blockade, ascend the river to the capital of Para-
guay, and overcome any resistance that may be
offered. It has been the object of this Depart-
ment to leave no doubt as to the success of an ex-
pedition set on foot to protect the persons and
property of American citizens in a remote coun-
try, to vindicate the honor of the American flag
