18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
in a particular instance of wanton outrage offered
to it, and to indicate a determined purpose on the
part of this Government to cause it to be respected
wherever its protection may be rightfully-in-
voked.
In fitting out this expedition it became neces-
sary, in consequence of a deficiency in the Navy
of vessels of light draught, to charter a number
of steamers which could be used as transports
and for towage, and could be armed also for effec-
tive service as war-vessels. These vessels, six
propellers and three side-wheel steamers, have
been chartered for six months, or more, with a
right of election on the part of the Government
to become purchasers at stated prices, and to ap-
ply all payments made under the charter as part
payment of the purchase money. As these ves-
sels would be useful as part of the naval force of
the United States, and can be purchased on rea-
sonable terms, I would recommend an appropri-
ation to be used, if deemed expedient, for the pur-
pose. The sum required to purchase the six
steam propellers would be $244,000, of which
|94,800 must be paid for the use of them for the
period of six months, and a proportionate sum for
a longer time, if no purchase be made. The sum
required for the three side-wheel steamers would
be $286,000, of which, if they be not purchased,
the sum of $69,000 must be paid for the use of
them for the same period of six months, and a
larger sum for a longer period. The election must
be made on or before the 10th of March next.
During the past year the Department has sent
out a surveying party, under the command of
Lieutenant J. M.Brooke, to survey and lay down
with accuracy the obstructions to navigation m
the usual routes between San Francisco and
China. TheFenimorcCooperbeingalready fitted
for such an expedition, and the principal instru-
ments necessary for it being already <5n hand, it
willbeattended with little extraordinary expense.
Looking to the early growth of an extensive and
profitable commerce between our Pacific shores
and eastern Asia, which has recently by treaty
been thrown open to us, augmented, as it will be,
in no inconsiderable degree by the diversion of
trade from ancient channels, it was deemed a mat-
ter of importance to remove all impediments out
of its way, and to give it th«r security of a more
perfect knowledge of the highway over which it
must pass.
The steam frigate Niagara, under the command
of Captain Hudson, was again in March last, by
your direction, placed at the service of the At-
lantic Telegiaph Company to cooperate with those
furnished by the British Government in another
effort to lay the Atlantic cable. Leaving New
York on the 9th of March she arrived in England
on the 23d. From thus time forward, until the
final accomplishment of the great enterprise, her
officers and men devoted themselves to it with a
zeal and energy which contributed largely to its
success and entitled them to the highest commen-
dation. Having reached Trinity Bay on the
morning of August 5th, and fully performed that
part of the work intrusted to her, she returned
to New York, whore she arrived on the ]£th and
was put out of commission. Although there
should prove to be a fata! defect in the cable, yet
the enterprise has been successful, for it has been
demonstrated to the world that the object is not
only not impracticable, but that H can easily be
accomplished.
It was deemed a fitting sequel to her participa-
tion in tbatenterprise of science, that the Niagara
should next be engaged in an enterprise of dis-
tinguished philanthropy. The brig Echo, an
African slaver, having been captured by the
Dolphin, under Lieutenant Maflitt, on the coast
of Cuba, and brought into Charleston with her
cargo of three hundred and six slaves, you de-
termined promptly, in obedience to an act of
Congress, to restore them to their native Africa,
and to provide for them for the term of one year
at the expense of the United States. Orders were
accordingly given to the Niagara to proceed upon
this mission. Within one week from the date of
her orders, with most commendable dispatch, she
was at sea. Leaving New York on the 33th of
September, under the commandof Captain Chaun-
cey, she arrived off Charleston on the 18th, the
next day received the captive Africans on board,
then two hundred and seventy-one in number,
and on the day following set sail for Liberia,
where, under a contract with this Government,
they were to be received and humanely provided
for by the African Colonization Society, at the
expense of the United States. They were ac-
companied by Dr. Thomas Rainey, who was ap-
pointed agentunderthe actof Congress to receive
them on the coast of Africa, and to see tkat the
humane purposes of this Government were car-
ried into effect.
It was the intention of the Department to have
again, during the present year, assigned to the
steam frigate Susquehanna, under Captain Sands,
the duty of assisting in laying the Atlantic tele-
graph cable; but in the month of March last,
while she was lying in the harbor of San Juan
del Norte, the yellow fever made its*appearance
on board, and prevented her from again partici-
pating in that enterprise. Having been detained
at quarantine in New York during the summer,
she has but recently been removed to Brooklyn.
On her way home she was obliged to put into Ja-
maica. When she arrived at Kingston, Sir Hous-
ton Stewart, the admiral of the port, placed the
hospital at the disposal of the sick, and furnished
every assistance for landing them. Eighty-five
of them were transferred to the hospital. The
surgeon of the ship being disabled by the fever,
Assistant Surgeon Rose, of the British navy,
volunteered to attend the sick in his place, and to
accompany her to New York. The Department
communicated to him its high appreciation of this
noble and generous act of disinterested philan-
thropy. On those who were left at Port Royal
every attention was bestowed, and every pro-
vision made for their comfort by the authorities.
To Admiral Stewart, Commodore Kellett, Cap-
tain Hay, Doctor Kinnear, of the hospital, and
the medical officers under him, the Department
expressed, through the British Minister at Wash-
ington, its warmest acknowledgments for their
pi ompt and efficient assistance. For the expenses
incurred in the treatment of the sufferers at Port
Royal, the Lords Commissioners of Admiralty
have declined to make any claim upon this Gov-
ernment.
The five steam sloops-of-war authorized by the
act of March 3, 1857, will soon be completed.
The one built at New York, by Mr. Westervelt,
under contract with the Government, will be
ready for trial at sea during the present month,
That built m the navy-yaid at Philadelphia has
been launched, and will be ready foi trial in
March. Tho.-e built at the Charlestown and Gos-
port navy-yards will be icady for launching dur-
ing the present month, and for s< a by July. The
other, built at Pensaeola, will be launched in the
spung. The machinery of two of them is under
constitution at the Washington and Gosport
navy-yai ds; that of the other three at private es-
tablishments. They are ail sloops-of-war of the
first class, and can be employed to advantage on
any of the foreign stations, instead of larger and
more expensive vessels.
The seven steam screw sloops-of-war and one
side-wheel war steamer, authorized by act of June
12, 1858, are in a state of great forwardness. Five
of them will be launched during the present month,
and bo ready fur sta by May next; and the other
two screw steameis will be launched early in the
spring, and be ready for trial by June. The side-
wheel steamer is building at the navy-yard in
California, will be launched in the ensuing spring,
and be leadyforsea m August. They are all
within the limit of draught prescribed by the act
of Congress; and the steam machinery of all of
them has been contracted for with private estab-
lishments after public advertisement.
In the construction of the steamships authorized
by the acts of Congress referred to, it has been
the aim of the Department to combine speed and
power with strength in the highest practicable de-
gree for vessels of their class. A ccordingly models
have been selected with particular reference to
their adaptation to the gieatest attainable speed,
and contractors for the engines and machinery,
under the act of last session, have been required
to guaranty the result of their plans by stipulat-
ingfor the number of revolutions to be performed
in a given space of time. In combining the skill
of the constructor and Engineer for the accom-
plishment of the paramount object of extraordi-
nary capacity for speed, I have not confined my-
self to the limits of the Navy, but have looked
elsewhere beyond that narrow boundary, that the
country might have the benefit of the highest
skill, wherever it might be found.
In placing an estimate upon the value of high
speed, the importance of it has not been too highly
appreciated. Of two war vessels—the equals of
each other in every other respect—the one which
has the greatest speed has a decisive advantage
over the other, and in a contest is most sure to
win the mastery. The time has gone by when
steam can be regarded in any other light than as
the principal motive power on the water for war-
like purposes. It is impossible any longer to re-
gard the unsteady and uncertain power of the
wind as anything more than an auxiliary power,
i subordinate to that of steam.
1 In the construction of a war vessel, everything
! connected with it has ultimate reference to a single
! point—the use of the gun; by which alone, as the
! means or instrument of power, important results
l are to be accomplished. To place it in the pres-
ence of the enemy or beyond his reach in the
shortest possible time, and to use it with the
greatest possible effect, is the great object to be
sought for in the construction of a navy or the
j maintenance of its auxiliary establishments. It
| is to attain this object that the skill of the depart-
j ments of ordnance, of construction, and of engi-
; neering. is taxed to the utmost. In the first place,
we have aimed to select and adopt the arm which
; combines the greatest strength, range, accuracy,
and power. In the Dahlgren gun we have found
' what we want, and it is believed there is no gun
! in any service that surpasses it in these qualities.
' In the use of it, by training a corps of skillful
gunners, by constant instruction, and by univer-
S sal practice at sea, accoiding to the requirements «
I of the naval service, we have attained the greatest
, perfection in celerity of movement and accuracy
i of aim. Having these advantages in thegun and
I its use, we have next endeavored to secure that
model of a war vessel propelled by steam which
would encounter the least resistance in its pas-
, sage through the water, when, of course, so far
as the form of the vessel is concerned, the greatest
speed will be attained. And finally, as side-wheel
;! steamers are scarcely admissible for fighting pur-
i; poses, we have endeavored to apply the power of
;! steam to war piopellers m such manner as to give
the vessel the greatest capacity of rapid move-
ment, so that whether it be the object to overtake
an enemy, or to escape from a superiorforce, or to
spek its safety m any other emergency, it may be
1 able to exert its capacity for speed to the utmost
< extent; while, on the other hand, at other times
1 it may use its steam power very sparmgly,or not
use it at all. So great is the zeal of those con-
1 nccted with this branch of the public service that
! I feel assured they will not rest satisfied until they
1 have given to the service the fastest war ship
which skill and science can produce.
' All our past experience has evinced the neces-
i> sity of an increase'of the Navy. It is'impossible,
|j with our present naval force, to give adequate
protection to the persons and property of Amer-
ican citizens pursuing their various avocations by
! land and sea m all parts of the world. What we
1 more especially ltfeed in time of peace is a larger
: number of vessels capable of entering the rivers
]t and harbors of all foreign countries, as well as our
I own. Such is the condition of Mexico and of the
]j Central and South American States, that it is in-
i. dispensably necessary that we should be able to
approach them frequently, and at every accessible
" point There is no other mode of extending ef-
fectual protection to American interests in that
ji or any other quarter of the globe where theexist-
; ing Governments lack stability, or, for other
II causes, cannot be reiied on for the performance of
!i international duties. The frequent presence of a
ij ship-of-war, though not of the largest class, ex-
;| cits a powerful restraining influence, and will
j: generally save our citizens from the infliction of
11 gross injustice. There are still other reasons for
■ i a considerable augmentation of our naval force.
!! The commerce*of the United States has in-
|j creased with such unprecedented rapidity that we
!j are already one of the greatest commercial Pow-
i i ers of the world. Frequenting all seas and visit-
