1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps .
ing all countries, it is vain to suppose that it can
be protected by a few ships of the larger classes
The only mode of doing it in an effective and
economical manner is to give the Navy greater
efficiency by multiplying the number of smaller
vessels of light draught and powerful armament,
capable of following commerce into whatever
waters it may frequent, and of which four or five
can be built and maintained in commission for the
cost ofa single frigate or ship-of-the-line. Twenty
effective vessels of the smaller class can be built
and kept at sea for what it would cost to build
and keep at sea four or five vessels of the larger
class. And when this fact is considered in con-
nection with another, that well-armed ships of this
description traversing the high seas, visiting the
ports of remote nations, displaying a national flag
as the representative of a great confederation of
free States, are usually in time of peace as pow-
erful for all protective and preventive purposes as
any other, while they are useful and formidable
in war, the argument becomes irresistible for the
employment of a much larger number of them.
This view does not yet exhaust the subject.
We have an immense sea-coast, indented by a
thousand harbors, most of them of no great depth,
which needs the constant attention of Govern-
ment on both the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
The waters of the Gulf of Mexico and those con-
tiguous to it, the great highway of the immense
commerce of the Mississippi and that between
our Atlantic and Pacific possessions, are to be
guarded, like inland seas, with jealous care, and
should be made to swarm with these floating for-
tifications. The United States should be pres-
ent and have a predominating influence over the
American continent, and, in order to maintain it,
should have the means of causing their power to
be felt at any point wherever and wbenevci it
might be necessary.
These great leading objects can be accomplished
by increasing the effective force of the Navy, and
they can in a great degree be accomplished by the
mode proposed, without any considerable in-
crease of expenditure. Let Congress increase
the number of our heavy-armed vessels of light
draught until we can frequently display our flag
at every point where American interests shall
need its protection, and the work will be already
done.
Under different circumstances from those which
now exist; if we were not in the midst of com-
mercial and financial embarrassments; if we were
in our usual condition of an abundant revenue
and an overflowing Treasury, I should not hesi-
tate to recommend that we resort at once to the
general policy of maintaining a more powerful
Navy, on the ground that it is required for de-
fense,and will be necessary to maintain our rights
and the honor and chaiacter of the country. Al-
though it may be delayed, yet the time will soon
come when this policy will be forced upon us,
under circumstances of great disadvantage, if not
voluntarily adopted. For the present,, however,
I shall reluctantly content myself with urging the
supply of our immediate and pressing wants, by
the construction ofa larger number of war steam-
ers of the smaller classes, such as were author-
ized by the act of Congress of the last session.
The addition of at least ten more vessels of that
description, of as great speed,light draught,and
powerful armamentas their character and tonnage
will permit, is not only a necessary measure, but
will be found to be as efficient as any that can be
devised requiring so small an expenditure of the
public money.
The Naval Academy at'Annapolis, under its
present superintendent, Captain GeorgeS. Blake,
continues to give marked evidence of its great use-
fulness. Fifteen acting midshipmen graduated in
June last, and of seventy-six candidates for admis-
sion in September, fifty-six were found qualified
and were admitted. The number of acting mid-
shipmen now attached to the academy, is one
hundred and eighty-nine.
The board of officers appointed to witness the
annual examination of the classes and leport on
the condition of the academy, speak favorably of
the police discipline and general management of
the institution. They concur in the recommend-
ation of previous boards, that the standard of
qualifications for the admission of candidates be
raised, or that a course of preparatory study be
provided, so as to bring them to a more uniform
degree of attainments. They recommend that
acting midshipmen be required to bind themselves
to serve a certain period after passing through the
academic course of studies; that teachers of French
and Spanish be attached to our ships on foreign
stations; that a practice ship be permanently at-
tached to the academy for the instruction of the
acting midshipmen, and that every. encourage-
ment be held out to induce men specially qualified
by their professional attainments and general good
character, to engage and lemain permanently in
this service.
To enable me to accomplish this latter object
and to transfer to the Naval Observatory, where
they are much needed, the naval professors of
mathematics now employgd at the academy, I
would earnestly recommend that authority be
granted by Congress to do for the Navy as has
been done at West Point for the Army—organize
a corps of professors at the academy composed of
civilians, with such compensation as will com-
mand the highest abilities for this most important
service.
The sloop-of-war Preble, under Commander
Craven, having been detailed as a practice ship
with a view to the instruction of the acting mid-
shipmen at sea in navigation and seamanship,
sailed from Hampton Roads in June last, with
ninety-seven pupilson board. The ports of Cher-
bourg and Cadiz, and the Island of Madeira, were
visited during the cruise, and the ship returned
to Norfolk in September. Commander Craven
speaks in very favorable terms of the zeal and
proficiency exhibited by the youths under his
command, and of the marked improvement they
made during this short cruise in the practical du-
ties of their profession His report is herewith
submitted.
I cannot omit to invite attention to the very
inadequate provision that has been made for the
accommodation ofmidshipmenat the Naval Acad-
emy. The number of midshipmen authorized by
law is 4C4, and the whole number in the service
is but 236. Of these there are at the Academy
189, while provision has been made there for only
180; and there are thirty-three congressional and
temtorial distiicts still vacant, having no-mid-
shipmen at the Academy or elsewhere m the ser-
vice. The Academy is already crowded to over-
flowing, and should these vacancies only be filled,
without filling the whole number of vacancies in
the corps, which are now 228, the pupils could
not be accommodated. In this state of things, no
appointments could be made during the present
year, except from the districts which have no
midshipmen in the service. As this is the only
mode of gaining admission into the Navy, the way
appears to be very effectually blocked up, and
there is and must be, consequently, a great defi-
ciency of officers in the lower giades of the ser-
vice; an evil which cannot fail seriously to detract
from the efficiency of this great arm of the public
defense.
The present effective strength of the medical
corps docs not exceed 59 surgeons and 70 assist-
ants. The wants ot the set vice for the ensuing
year will require for duty at sea 39 surgeons and
70 assistants; for shoie duty 2G surgeons and 17
assistants; making a total of 65 surgeons and 87
assistants leqiured for active duty. This defi-
ciency m the medical corps of the Navy cannot
be neglected without subjecting the lives of those
engaged m this branch of the public service to
unreasonable and culpable exposure. The naval
establishment has from time to time been in-
creased, while no corresponding increase has been
made in the number of medical officers, that re-
maining nearly the same now as forty years ago.
Since the year 1815, Congress has increased the
number of captains from 32 to 70; ofcommanders
from 18 to 106; of lieutenants from 140 to 327;
while the medical corps, which then numbered
120 members, has now but 149, including at least
20 who are incapacitated for active service. The
recent addition of a considerable number of steam
vessels to the Navy will necessarily create an in-
creased demand for the services of officers at sea;
while the greater activity which now prevails in
it, and is likely hereafter to prevail, will still fur-
ther increase that demand. To meet the imme-
diate wants of the serviceman addition of 20 td
the present number of surgeons, and as many, ad--.
ditional assistant surgeons, will suffice.' Witif
that number, the stations on shore and vessels at
sea may be supplied, and a short intervaJ dfT.w
lief from duty allowed an officer on his rettirrt
from a cruise. * ■'''"i.Jf'
There are now 64 pursers in -the Navy. I Of
these, 31 are on sea duty, 17 on shore duty, ami
16 on leave or waiting orders. In the-list of pari
sers on leave are included those who, from age ot
physical infirmity, are unfit for duty, and those
who have just returned from sea ana are engaged
in settling their accounts. There are at the pres-
ent time 1G vessels in commission which should
have pursers, but have none. In nine of these
vessels the duties of purser are reluctantly per-
formed by the commanding officer, who is rej
quired to perform them with great exposure to
pecuniary loss, and with no additional compen-
i sation. While he is thus compelled to devote his
S attention to duties not appropriate to his profes-
1 sion, he is placed in a false position towards the
men under his command, and in every question
relating to their accounts, is required to be sole
umpire between himself and them. In some cases
a purser is assigned to duty for more than one
vessel at the same time, when, of course, b«eis
■often obliged, without any immediate oversight
to trust to the responsibility of a cleric sucE as
can be employed for the small compensation-aP-
lowed by law. It would be advantageous to'the
service if Congress would authorize the appoint-
ment of a small number of additional pursers!
Fifteen or twenty would be sufficient for the
present.
In my last annual report, it was recommended
that the privates of the marine corps be increased
to the number of 2,000. The number at present
is 1,568. Of ihese, 568 have been employed un-
der the act of March 3,1849, authorizing the«sub-
stitution of landsmen as mannes. Two hundred
j! of these have recently been temporarily substi-
:j tuted, under the provisions of that act, for the
!; purposes of the Paraguay expedition. This aiira-
' ber of privates, now again recommended, is ne-
cessary for the service, to furnish the proper
guards for shore stations and for. vessels at sea.
It will require the usual proportion of commis-
sioned and non-commissioned officers to organize
the corps thus mcieased with the proper degree of
efficiency.
By the act of Juno 12, 1858, making appropri-
ations for the naval service, the Secretaries of the
Treasury and Navy were " authorized and re-
quired to ascertain, in such way as they may
deem best, the actual value of the ten acies of
land heretofore belonging to the naval hospital at
Chelsea, and ceded by the sixth section of the act
making appropriating for the civil and diplomatic
service of the Government, approved March 3,
1855, for the purposes of a manne hospital for
the district of Boston and Charlestown;" and the
Secretary of the Treasury was directed " to pay
the so ascertained value of the said ten acics out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to the credit of the naval hospital
land, out of which the original purchase of the
property so ceded was made."
In pursuance of this act, a commissioner was
appointed in November last by each of the De-
partments to ascertain the value of the land. They
were authorized to appoint a third party to act
with them. Surgeon Whelan, chiefof the bureau
of medicine and surgery, was appointed by me,
and Major A. H. Bowman, of the corps of engi-
neers, was appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The third party, Samuel Hatch, Esq.,
of Boston, was selected by them. After examin-
ing the land in question, and carefully considering
the subject, they unanimously awarded that tlwe
should he paid by the Treasury Department to
the naval hospital fund, for this lot of ten acres
of land, the sum of $50,000.
The board of officers, consisting of Commodores
McCauley and Lavallette and Commanders Mat-
chand and Steedman, heretofore appointed to pre-
pare a code of signals for the use of the Navy, have
reported a code which, on the 13,th of July last,
was adopted by the Department. It embraces
day, night, and fog signals, and has been printed
and partly distributed to vessels in commission
