THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS-OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. -
Tiiirty-Fiftii Congress, 2d Sessiqn.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1859.
New Series..V.No. 41. -"
dale, Barr, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Draneh,Burnett, Burns,
Caruthers, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Clark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, CockeriU, Corning, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Devvart, Ed-
mundson, Eiistis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gar-
nett, Gillis, Gooch, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Giocsbeek,
Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, t-lawkm*, Hodge?, Hopkins,
Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Owen. Jones,
Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Mason, Millson, Montgomery, Morrill, Fieeman
H-. Mor&e, Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Ritchie, Rus-
sell, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Heniy M. Shaw, Sickles,
Xlobert Smith, Samuel A. Smith,William Smith. Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, Georjre Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Underwood,Vallamli^ham.Wai d, Israel Washburn,White,
Wmslovv, Wood. Wood-ton, and Wortendvke—91.
NAYS — Messrs. Andiews, Bennett, Bingham, Bli«s,
Bonlmm, Bovcp, Brayton, Buftinton, Bmiinjiaine. Bui-
roughs, Cas-e, Clawsori, Cobb, Colf.iK, Uovode, Cragm,
Ciawfoid, Curtis, Davis of Ma^aohu-etts Davi« of Jowa,
Dawes, Doan. Dick. Podd, Powdeil, Dinfee, Farnsvvoith,
Fenton. Gaitrell, Guhhngs Gilman, Gilmer, Gramrnr,
Grow, Ilarlan, Hani*, Hoard, lloiton, Houston. George W.
Jone^, Kenn, Kellogsr, KeUev, Kiigoic, Knapp, Lamar,
Loach, Lovejov, Mc&uoon, McRao, Matt^on, Maynard,
Mile«, Moore, Moman, Mott, Mm ray, NichoKOhn. Palmei,
Parker, Pettit, Pike. Potter, Pottle, Ready, Uieaud, Robbms,
Roberts, Royce, Ruffin, Sandidgo, Sewaul, Jolin Sherman,
Shorter. Spinner, Slallworth, Stanton, Stephens, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe, Vanee,
Wade. Walbnd<re. Waldion,Walton, Cadvvaladei C. Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wilson, and ZoUicoffei—93.
So the House refused to pass the bill.
Pending the call,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said: I would
like to ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, before I voto, whether he in-
tends to introduce a bill to increase the duties on
imports ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to discussion.
Mr. DUR.FEE said: I prefer to see where the
money is to come from before I vote for these
appropriation bills.
Mr. NICHOLS. The only condition I insisted
on having been performed, I vole m thcaffii mative.
Mr. BARfvSDAL'3. I am sufficiently upon
the record, Mr.Sneaker. [''Order!" "Order!"]
I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 will change my vote. I
vote " no."
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote last taken; and elso moved that
the motion to reconsider be hud on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
JUDGE IRWIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. There its a question pend-
ing which will take precedence of anything the
gentleman from Alabama desiios.
Mr. HOCJSTON. I desire to appeal to the 1
House to allow me to make a report from the :
Committee on the Judiciary, which ought to be j
acted upon immediately, ff gentlemen will hear !
it read they will interpose no objection. j
Mr. DEAN. I call for the regular order of j
business. j
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Con- !
nccucut will hear the report, lie will not object. |
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hnve asked j
the House to permit me to have printed a report j
to accompany an important bill, and when I have i
done so, the regular order of business has always |
been called for upon that side of the House. I j
object. '
Mr. SICKLES. I moved that the House ad- ;
journ. i
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is in order, I ask for :
the reading of the resolution which I 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for I
the regular order of business. :
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair if there is not .
something in the matter now under examination
before the Committee on the Judiciary, m lelation !
to charges against one of the judges of the United
States, which involves such a question of privilege j
as will entitle it to come before the House ? !
41
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw my objectiog.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] will hear the
resolution read, he will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If gentlemen
would hear my proposition, they would withdraw
their objection.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ* and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at half past four
o'clock) adjourned.
\
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 28, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. William Norwood.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I rise to a privileged question;
but before I make the motion which 1 intend to
submit, I think it is due to myself, to the Senate,
and to the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
to say that I misapprehended some remarks which
were made by him immediately before we ad-
journed last evening, and to which I made a re-
sponse entirely uncalled for; in fact, I did not
hear a word the Senatorsaid, but inferred from
his excited manner, that it was something per-
sona] and offensive to me; when in fact lie did
not say, nor intend to say anything offensive to
me. In fact, such remarks should not be made
in the Senate, even if offense was intended. This
is not the proper theater to create or. settle per-
sonal difficulties. The Senator and myself arc
old acquaintances, with pleasant personal rela-
tions, and there is no cause for their interrup-
tion. I voted for the bill which passed the Sen-
ate yesterday, for the purpose of asking for a re-
consideration, and I now make that motion; but
as this is private bill day, I will not ask for its
consideration. I shall call up my motion to re-
consider to-morrow morning, and very briefly
give my reasons for it. I think amendments which
I shall suggest will be satisfactory to the friends
of the measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the credentials of
Hon. Kinsley S. Bingham, elected a Senator, by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1659; which were read, and ordered to be
filed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. . „
A message from the House of Rcpicsentatives,
by Mr. Allest, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the foil ow-
ing; bills and joint resolution; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 831) to authorize the holding of
circuit and district courts of the United States at
the city of Peoria, Illinois;
•A bill (No 830) for the punishment of the crime
of foigery or counterfeiting military bounty land
warrants, military bounty land certificates, cer-
tificates of location, certificates of purchase, and
receivers' receipts; and
A joint resolution (No. 38) in relation to the
tobacco trade of the United States with foreign
nations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of the sol-
diers of the war of 1812, residing m Orange coun-
ty, New York, piaying that the bill passed by
the Hour'"1 of Representatives granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812, may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit a memorial of Fos- j
tor B. Williams and other citizens of the city of <
Brooklyn, New York, in which they set lorth i
that the city of New York and the city of Oruok- 1
lyn are without any sufficient and necessary de-
fenses against foreign invasion by troops on land, :
and asking Congress to pass a bill making an ap-
propriation of $250,000, in pursuance of a recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War, forthe'erec-
tion of earth works in the vicinity of New York.
I ask its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred. «
Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition of citizens
of Galveston, Texas, praying an appropriation
for buoying and marking the channel in West
Galveston bay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. POLK presented the petition of George P.
Stiles, praying indemnity for books and office
furniture, destroyed by the Mormons while he
was judge of the United States court for the Ter-
ritory of Utah; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HUNTER presented two commun ications •
from citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia* in
favor of the passage of the bill, passed by the
House of Representatives, granting pensions to
the soldiers of the war of 1812; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of the
watchmen employed in the Executive Depart-
ments at Washington, asking-for an increase in
their pay; which was referredx to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of'
members of the Senate of the State of Maine,
praying an increase of the pay of the officers of
the Navy; which was referred to thg Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented thememorial of Charles
F. Anderson, praying compensation for services
and expenses in furnishing plans for the exten-
sion of the Capitol; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of ship
owners and others, connected with the commerce
! of the western lakes, praying an extension to the
| lakes of the system of meteorological observation,
now used with such success on the ocean; which
was refeired to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I present
the memorial of Augustus S. Baldwin, a Lieu-
tenant in the Navy of the United States. This
gentleman suffered for some years from disabil-
ity, contracted by severe service in the Arctic ex-
pedition, and afterwards from a wound which he
received before Vera Cruz. He is perfectly res-
tored to health, and is this day as strong a man
as any one in this Chamber; and he asks some
ielief at the hands of Congress. *"1 move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
INDIANA ELECTION QUESTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am requested by Colonel
; William Monroe McCarty, of Indiana, to present
! to the Senate an exemplification of the record of the
j Senate and House of Representatives of thatState,
1 m relation to a senatorial election in that State,
! and ask that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which the memorial of the State
j has been reieried. I will avail myself of this oc-
I casion to say that I was unavoidably absent when
i a resolution in relation to the gentlemen who are
| claiming seats h-^re was under consideration and
] aeted upon. If I had ^pen here, I should have
. voted to jrive the applicants the opportunity of
' being heard on the floor, as has been usual in
• other cases.
j The paper was referred to the Committee on
i the Judiciary.
; REPORT ON MANUFACTURES,
j Mr. SEWARD. The other day, atmy instance,
a communication from the President of the Uni-
I ted States, containing a digest of the statistics of
' manufactures, according to the returns of the
seventh census, was laid upon the table. I move
that the usual number of copies be printed. That
modoii will, of course, be inferred to the Com-
, mittce on Printing.
] The motion was so referred.
