642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
January 28,
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following: bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bilf (No. 831) to authorize the holding of cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States, at the
city of Peoria, Illinois—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A bill (No. 830) for the punishment of thS
crime of forgery or counterfeiting military bounty
land warrants, military bounty land ceitificates,
certificates of location, certificates of purchase,
and receivers' receipts—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A joint resolution (No. 38) in relation to the
tobacco trade of the United States with foreign
nations—to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BIG-LER, it was
Ordered, That Fmley Patterson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papeis.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instiucted
to inquire into the expediency of tian^feriing from the free
list to the schedules of dutiable goods such articles as will,
by being subjected to import duty, nmtmally increase the
revenue, and serve to leheve the Treasury of its present
embari assrnent.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of the Alexandria, L'oudoun, and Hamp-
shire railroad, praying authority to extend a
branch of their road into Georgetown, repoitcd
a bill (S. No. 538) to authorize the extension and
use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and
Hampshire railroad within the city of Geoige-
town; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 535) conferring certain powers relating
to alleys on the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington, reported it without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 53G) to authorize
the levy court to issue tavern and other licenses
in the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do pass.
He also, from the same committee,'to whom
was referred the petition of merchants and other
citizens of the District of Columbia, praying an
extension of the jurisdiction of justices of the
peace in the recovery of debts, and the allowance
of fees to justices of the peace m cases for riots,
assaults, &c., requested to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary-, which was agreed
to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of property-holders m
the District of Columbia, praying an amendment
of the laws relating to landlord and tenant, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred two petitions of citizens of Wash-
ington, asking that the Metropolitan Railroad
Company may be allowed to extend their road
into the city of Washington, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; winch
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Jay Cooke and
others, praying the privilege of laying down and
using a double tiack raihoad through certain
streets of Washington city,asked to bediscluirged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred resolutions of the Merchants' Ex-
change Association of Washington, relative to a
railroad along Pennsylvania avenue, in said city,
asked to be discharged from theirfurtiier consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. 1 will remark in reference to
these petitions, that the committee reported at the
last session on thp whole subject of this proposed
railroad; and there is a bill on the Calendar, which
I hope to have considered to-morrow. That bill
proposes to grant the franchise to Vanderwerken
& Co. If it be not the sense of the Senate to give
it to those particular parties, the bill can be so
amended as to given to any of the other petition-
ers. T*he committee, therefore, thought it un-
necessary to make any further report. They re-
turn the petitions, and ask that they be laid on
the table; so that Senators may have the benefit
of them in any discussion that may arise.
The petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill reported
from the Court of Claims, December 7, 1857, for
the relief of John Peebles, with the opinion of the
court on the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 539)
without amendment. ' The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, ftom the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, on the 7th of December, 1858, for the
relief of Nancy M.Johnson, administratrix of
Walter R. Johnson, deceased, with the opinion
of the court on the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
540) without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second leading.
fie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, December 7,1658, for the relief of Emihe
G. Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, de-
ceased, with the opinion of the Court on the
claim, reported the bill (S. No. 541) without
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported fiom the Court ot
Claims, April 2, 1856, for the relief of Anbury
Dickins, with the opinion of the eomt on the
claim, reported the lull (S. No. 512) with ail
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a
recond iending.
lie also, ftom the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of R«-zm Orme, piay-
in£ compensation for services as a clerk in the
office of the Second Auditor, reported it adversely;
and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of 11. L. GulUher,
praying that his claim for woik done upon the
Washington aqueduct may be settled upon prin-
ciples of justice and equity, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration? which was agreed
to.
Mr. MALLORY,from the Committeeon Naval
Allans, to whom was referred the- memorial of
! John Gardner, n^ent of the American Timber
! Bending Company, proving that the Secretary ot
| the Navy may be anthon/.od to appoint a com-
mission, to be composed of na\al ollicrsand con-
structors, to examine iJJanehard's patent mode of
hendiwr umber for sin.is' km es, and it the same
be found useful in building ship.s-uf-war, that he
be authon/.cd to pui chase the right to use it at nil
thg navy-yards of the United Stat, s, submitted
an adverse repoit; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Printing,
• to whom was inferred the motion to print the me- j
morial of the Warren Baptist Association of tim 1
State of Rhode Island, relative to the office ot j
chaplain in the Na; y, leported against printing ,
the memorial. |
WILLIAM AND W. R. BALF.V. . I
Mr. IVERSON. I am instructed'by the Com- |
rnittee on Claims, to whom was refened the pe- !
tition of William and W. R. Baley, for indemnity
for losses resulting from depredations ot the Alo- j
have Indians, to report it back, with a rocom- '>
mendation that it be referred to the Court of ■
Claims. j
ll was so referred. i
Mr. POLK afterwards said: Was the action of j
the Senate taken on the leport of the Committee J
on Claims with regard to the claim of William !
and W. R. Baley, to refer it to the Court of
Claims}
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLK. I move to reconsider that action
of the Senate. I will state to the Senate that I am
informed that there are other similar cases winch
are before the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
I think that would be the more proper disposition
to make of it. These parties are in New Mexico;
they wrote to me from Albuquerque; and to send
their petition to the Court of Claims, I suppose,
would be, m fact, to -kill it entirely. I move,
therefore, that the vote sending it to the Court of
Claims be reconsidered for the purpose of moving
that the petition be icferied to the Committeeon
Indian Affairs, before which committee there are
already similar claims, and winch, I think, is the
most proper'committee for a petition of this sort.
Mr. IVERSON. I feel no interest whatever in
this case. The petition was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; and, upon an examination of
the claim as set forth in the petition, and the law
under which it arises,<the committee were clearly
of opinion that it was a case coming within the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and that that
was the proper tribunal to take it into considera-
tion and to decide it.
There is no evidence whatever accompanying
the petition as to the amount of loss which these
parties sustained, and, of course, the committee
could not indicate any amount to these claimants.
Besides, if the committee undertook to decide
upon the question as to the amount of loss, they
must necessarily decide upon ex parte testimony
taken by the parties, without any guard being
thrown around to prevent the commission of fraud.
If the case goes.before the Court of Claims, that
court will'take testimony by way of depositions
before commissioners appointed by them; and the
United States will be protected, therefore, from
any imposition in relation to the evidence. It is
clearly a case where the amount is to be ascer-
tained on testimony that ou ht to be cariied to
the Court of Claims, because they can take the
testimony more suf dy and properly, for the ben-
efit ot both parties, than any standing committee
of the Senate. t
It is; a claim, accoidmg to the petition, arising
under the seventeenth section of the act of lb34,
le^ulaung the intercourse with the Indian tribes;
it therefore conies under the provisions of an ex-
isting law, one of (ho very heads of jurisdiction
committed to the Court ot Claims by the act es-
tablishing that tribunal. It is a question of some ,
doubt7"about which there may be a difference of
opinion, as to whether the chum really comes
under that law or not. It seemed to the Com-
mittee on Claims, therefore, eminently pioper
that the case should be refcired to the Court of
Claims, which is composed of legal gentlemen,
who would be better able to understand and de-
cide whether the petitioners' claim came under
that law, than any committee of the Senate.
' It seems to mc that, if the Coui;i of Claims are
to take jurisdiction of .cases of this sort, this is
one peculiarly adapted to that court. 1 do not
think it is an argument against referring cases to
the Court of Claims, of which that court has
jurisdiction under the law, that the parties'may
not be able to go befoie the rou^t to adjudicate
their rights. That is their misfortune, if they are
unable to do it; but it does not appear. I do not
know that the Senator from Missouii has any
evidence that these parties are so poor that they
cannot come before the Couitof Claims and em-
ploy counsel, or present the case themselves, in
propria veiwnct; and, certainly, we ought to have
that proof before we take away from the court a
case of which they have undoubted jurisdiction,
and adjudicate it ourselves on expuite testimony.
It is, however, a matter of no consequence to me.
If it is to be rcfemd to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, I have no doubt they will do ample just ire
in the case, as far as they will be enabled to ascer-
tain it by testimony; but I will state to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that there is no evidence yet
presented to the Senate on which cvny amount can
be allowed.
Mr. POLK. I think it is very proper tlutf there
should be uniformity of action by the Senatein
reference to claims of tins kind. I have been in-
formed that the claims before the Committee on
Indian Affairs will be examined and acted on by
that committee. This claim is eminently proper
for the consideration of the Committee on Indian
Affairs; and if that committee is to go on consid-
ering other claims of the same kind which have
been referred to it, I think it altogether proper
that this case should go to that committee also,
and let it be acted on by it exactly as cases of the
same kind now before that committee are to be
acted on by-it.
