20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cono....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
The act making appropriations for the naval
service, passed March 3, 1857, directed the Sec-
retary of the Navy " to have prepared and to re-
port to Congress, for its approval, a code of pec-
ulations for the government of the Navy." Such
code I have had prepared by a board of officers,
convened at Washington on the 7th of August,
1857, consisting of a captain, commander, lieu-
tenant, the lieutenant colonel of the marine corps,
a purser, and a surgeon; and now, in obedience
to the act, I report the same, that it may be laid
before Congress. And in doing so, in order to
avoid misconstruction, I beg leave to say that I!
entirely dissent from the course of giving to aj
code of regulations, descending into all the minu-
t'ue of unimportant details, the force of law. The
authority of the Comma der-in-Chiefof the Army
and Navy is adequate to theestablishmcntofsucn
regulations, as should be varied, modified, or sus-
pended, from time to time, accoiding to the exi-
gencies of the service, and could not have the
stability of law without subjecting it to the
greatest inconveniences and embarrassments. It
would be incongruous to remedy these difficul-
ties by making a code, thus sanctioned, subject
to be amended, altered, modified, suspended, or
repealed, in whole or in pa11, by the Executive.
And if the Commander-in-Chief were to be tied
up by these regulations, so that his constitutional
.authority to command must not come into con-
flict with them, they would go far to repeal it.
The board lias also reported, in the form of
regulations, a code of laws for the government of
the Navy. This is not obnoxious to the same
objections as a code of minute regulations enacted
by Congress, because the subjects embraced in it
are properly subjects of legislation which should
not bo left to Executive discreiion. This code is
not a new one, but is composed of existing laws
with some amendments.
The continuation of the exploration of the Par-
ana and tributaiics of ihe Paraguay, which was
placed under the charge of Commander Thomas
J. Pago,has been somewhat ictaided by his con-
nection wilh the naval expedition to Paraguay,
sent out under authority of the act of Congress of
last session. The small steamer Aigentina, con-
tracted for with Mr. Forbes, of Boston, to be used
in the exploration, and at the date of my hist re-
port nearly completed, arrived at Buenos Ayres
on the ]9tli of Apiil, and was delivered to Lieu-
tenant McGary, who, with others of the survey-
ing party, had arrived there on the 2!)ih of March.
They proceeded in the steamer to Rosario on the
Parana, and there awaiting the arrival of Com-
mander Pago, engaged in such preliminary sur-
veys and other work of exploration as could be
successfully prosecuted in hisabsencc. Thechai-ts
compiled from the results of thefoimer survey of
the La Piaia and its tributaries having been com-
pleted. the office was closed on the 30th Septem-
ber last.
The expedition sent to New Gianada by the
War ami Navy Departments, to survey a route
for a ship canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific !
through the Atrota and Truundo rivers, in pur- !
Kuanee of the aet of Congress of March !!, 1857, I
milking appropriations for the naval service, re- i
turned in safety m May last, having accomplished !
the enterprise in which they were embarked.
The particular object of it was to veiify a foimer
survey. Lieutenant Craven, of the Navy, and
Lieutenant Miehler, of the Army, who were-de-
tailed for this service, have not yet completed the
labor of reducing their data to a result. It is un-
derstood they differ in opinion as to the feasibility
of a ship canal from ocean to ocean in the con-
templated route. As soon as the report shall be
presented to the Department, it will be transmit-
ted to Congress.
The resolution of the Senate of the 13th of (,
April last, instructed the Secretary of the Navy |;
to causea thorough examination of the iron, coal, l(
and timber of the Deep River country in the State ''
of Noith Carolina, and to report at the next ses-
sion of Congress upon the expediency of estab-
lishing, at some point in that State, machine and
workshops for the construction of engines, boil-
ers, ifec., for tiavai vessels. In compliance with
this resolution I appointed a commission, consist-
ing of Captain Wilkes, Messrs. Hunt and Martin,
chief engineers, and Mr. Poole, naval constructor,
i to make the examination. This examination has
! been made, but the report has not yet been pre-
| sented to the Department.
The home squadron, under the command of
Flag Officer Mcintosh, at present consists of the
Roanoke, Savannah, Jamestown, and Saratoga.
The St. Louis is preparing to join it. The Sus-
quehanna, Plymouth, Fulton, and Dolphin have
recently been withdrawn from it, the two latter
having been ordered to Paraguay.
Fiag-Officer Long commands the Pacific squad-
ron, now consisting of the Merrimac, Saranac,
St. Mary's. Cyane, Vandalia, and Decatur. The
John Adams recently belonging to it, returned
from the Pacific in April last.
The Mediterranean squadron, commanded by
Flag-Officer Laval Ictte, consists of the Wabash and
the Macedonian. The Congress returned home
from this station in January, and the Constella-
tion in June last.
The Brazil squadron has consisted of the St.
Lasvrence, the Falmouth, and the Perry, under
the command of Fiag-Officer Forrest. This squad-
ron has recently been largely reinforced,as already
mentioned, and Flag-Officer Shubrick will suc-
cecd to the command af it on his arrival with the
Sabine.
The African squadron is still under the com-
mand of Flag-Officer Conover, and is composed
of the Cumbeiland, Vincennes, Dale, and Mar-
ion. The St. Louis returned from this station
in February last. The Bainbridge havingjoined
this squadron in the spring, has recently been
transferred to the Paraguay expedition.
The Powhatan, Minnesota, Mississippi, and
Gennantown coi ' " ' '
under Flag-Office
compose the East India squadron
leer Tattnall. From this squadron
squa
the Levant lUurncd home in April, the Ports-
mouth in June, and the San Jacinto in August.
The Minnesota has received oiders to leturn home,
and may now be on the way. •
The Dolphin, under the command of Lieuten-
ant Maffit, while cruising on the north coast of
Cuba, captured, on the 21st of August last,a brig
having on board three hundred and eighteen Af-
ricans. She surrendered under Amei ican coloi s,
and proved to be the Echo, formei ly the Putnam.
When first seen she was standing towards Key
Veide, apparently with the intention of landing
hercargo. Her officers and eiewnumbered eigh-
teen persons, several of them Americans. She
was placed under the command of Lieutenant J
M. Bradford, with Lieutenant Carpenter and a
crew, with orders to proceed to Charleston, where
she in rived and was delivered, with tin ee hundred
and six Africans, to the United States marshal for
that district. The crew of the slaver were held
for trial, and the Afiienns sent back to Africa.
The captain of the Echo was transferred to the
Dolphin, and taken, by way of Key West, to
boston, where he was delivered to the authoii-
ties.
As there was reason to suspect, from informa-
tion- communicated to Lieutenant MafTitt, that
other American vessels were engnged in the slave
tmile, and would shortly ai rive on the north coast
of Cuba, the United States steamer Dispatch,
under the command of Lieutenant Parrott, was
sent to that vicinity to intercept them. She had
been cruising for several months in the Gulf of
Mexico for a similar purpose, in consequence of
minors tliatattempts would be there made to laud
cargoes of slaves within the limits of the United
States. Hut the cruise of the Dispatch has proved
that these rumors were unfounded.
The sloop-of-war Marion, under Commander
T. W. Brent, attached to the Afiiean squadron,
and cruising on the southwest coast of Atuca, on
the eighth of September last, off Mayumbra, fell
in with the American ketch, Brothers, James
Gage, master, just fiom Havana, bound for the
river Yaire or Congo, and finding in her what in
his opinion was ample evidence to justify it,
seized her as engaged in the slave trade contrary
to the act of Congress. She was immediately put
under the command of Lieutenant E. E. Stone,
with Midshipman N. Greene and a crew, and sent
to the port of Charleston, South Carolina, as the
port to which she belonged, to be delivered, with
the crow and cargo, into the custody of the United
States marshal for that district. She arrived there
on the 11th of November last, and is now in the
i hands of the authorities to be proceeded against
i according to law.
i Fiag-Officer Mcintosh, with his flag-ship the
| Colorado, was instructed to visit the city of St.
j Domingo to inquire into the indignities reported
I to have been offered to the United States commer-
| cial agent at that port, to demand certain docu-
i ments that had been refused in the case of the
i American schooner Charles Hill, and to take
; such measures as might be necessary for the se-
j curity of American citizens during the civil war
; prevailing in that quarter. He found Baez, the
| President, in the city, besieged bySantana, who
, soon assumed the reins of Government. Heob-
; tained the documents which he demanded, and the
; most satisfactory assurances that the flag and citi-
: zens of the United States should receive the re-
j spcct and protection due to them.
The Saratoga, under Commander Turner, and
! the Plymouth, under Commander Dahlgren,
! touched at the Island of Navassa, in pursuance
| of instructions, to locHt after the interests of our
i citizens engaged in removing therefrom a deposit
j of guano. They had been interrupted by two
j llaytien war vessels, and ordered to cease their
■ operations and leave the island. This island is
about forty-five miles from St. Domingo,and sev-
■ enty-five from Jamaica. Commander Turner, the
senior officer, hail been instructed to investigate
the matter, and to give such protection as circum-
stances should require. Finding the complaints
of our citizens to be well founded, ho proceeded
to Port au Prince, communicated the views of our
Government, and remonstrated against the course
pursued towards those who were engaged in re-
: ; moving guano from the Island of Navassa. He
i; afterwauls touched again at the island, and found
i! all things well. The men had resumed their
j| operations,and no further interruption wasantici-
; | pated.  
11 The sloop-of-war Plymouth, under Commander
'j Dahlgren, while attached to the home squadron,
!| visited Tampico in October, in consequence of
jj certain forced loans levied upon American resi-
jj dents by General Garza, the Governor ofTamau-
j lipas. Commander Dahlgren, in company with
|, the United States consul, had an interview with
;■ General Garza, and remonstrated against his
j; measures. Subsequently, on the arrival of the
! Plymouth at Veia Crcz, he represented in person
to President Juarez the improper course which
11 General Garza was pursuing, and obtained from
| him the assurance that the proceedings com-
j plained of were contrary to regulations, and that
■ no such levies would be exacted m future.
| The Fulton, under Lieutenant Almy, was sent
in the spring from the Central American coast to
j inquiie into the circumstances attending the de-
; tention of American merchant vessels at Tampico.
He arrived olf the bar April 13. Lieutenant Almy
found the two forces, government and rcvolution-
| ary, arrayed against each other, the latter under
j General Garza, besieging the city. Five Ameri-
can vessels had been fired into and detained; one
| seized, half the cargo thrown ashore, and the
j captain imprisoned. General Garza had estab-
j lished a custom-house at the entrance of the river,
I where he required all merchant vessels to pay du-
ties, and detained such as refused, although they
j had already paid duties at the Government custom-
| house at Tampico. Lieutenant Almy entered the
■ river with the Fulton, placed her in position with
j her guns ready, and remonstrated against the ac-
'< tion of General Garza, demanding the release of
i the captain and the vessels which were detained,
I all which was granted. Lieutenant Almy's course
I was fully approved by the Department. The Ful-
i ton remained at Tampico until May, when peace
j and quiet had been restored.
[ At San Juan del Sur, m Nicaragua, in August,
1 two citizens of the United States were seized in
; their houses by the military authorities, and un-
justly thrown into prison. Captain Kelly, of the
j steam frigate Saranac, then lying in the harbor,
! satisfied of the injustice of their imprisonment,
demanded their release, and threatened to effect it
by force. Before the threat was carried into ex-
ecution, though not until preparations were made
for that purpose, they were released, and the affair
passed off without serious difficulty; the military
governor, who had been absent, returning home
and disapproving of the action of his deputy.
