22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
35th Cong....2i> Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
nient, at the lettings of contracts, divided the Mis-
sissippi river routes as follows:
From St. Louis, via Cairo, to Memphis, three
times a wefek.
From Nashville, via Cairo, to Memphis, three
times a week; the two routes running on alternate
'days, making six trips weekly each way between
Cairo and Memphis.
From Memphis to New Orleans, six times a
week, with one additional weekly trip between
Memphis and Napoleon, and four additional
weekly trips between St. Fraucisville and New
Orleans.
The cost of the mail service by these routes
between Cairo and New Orleans is $262,618 per
annum, which amount^ compared with the cost
of the steamboat service in operation up to 30th
June last between the same points, (#432,333,)
shows a saving of $169,715 per annum; and it is
peculiarly gratifying, in view ot the great reduc-
tion of cost, to state, as I am enabled to do, that ji
the new serviife is in all respects more satisfactory
than the old. It is performed with the utmost
possible regularity, and affords every facility that
Can be reasonably expected by the people who are
directly interested in-the Mississippi river mails.
The shortest time by the river between Cairo
and New Orleans has been four days.
The anticipated railroad service,.via Jackson
and Grand Junction, Tennessee, and Canton,
Mississippi, will probably lie performed in two
days each way, and at a cost of about $119,425
per annum. This sum,added to the expense for
the river mails under the new contracts, com-
mencing 1st July last, (§262,618) mukes for both
the land and river routes $375,043 per annum,
leaving still a net gain of $57,290 per annum over ;;
the cost of the river lines alone up to 30th June j'
last. |
■ overland ma1i. route. '
At tilt; last session of Congress I reported fully
the steps that had been takc.n to carry into exe- l
cution the act of Congress approved 3d March, !
1857, authoi izino; the Postmaster General to con- i
tract for the conveyance of the entire letter mail
between the Mississippi river anil San Francisco.
The contract was executed on the 16th Septem-
'ber, 1857, and service commenced within the ;
twelve months, namely, on 15th September, 1858, I
agreeably to the provisions of said act.
The Department is happy to announce its con-
clusive and triumphant success. Its departure
and arrival v/ete announced with unbounded de- j
monstrations of joy and exultation. I submit a ,
detailed report oi' Mr. Baily, the agent of this De- ,
partment, who oamc over in the first line of stages ■
which left Sun Francisco for St. Louis. It will
be an important document, not less instructive at
the present time than it may be interesting and ]
curious to those who, in alter times, may be de-
sirous to know by what energy, skill, and perse- j
verance the vast wilderness was fust penetiated
by the mail stages of the United States, and the
two great oceans united by the longest and most '
important land route ever established many coun- :
try.
tkhuastepec uooit..
By an act of Congress of March 3,1855, a route
was established from New Orleans, by the Isth-
mus of Tehuantepec, to San Francisco, it was
advertised for the next regular lettings of contracts
in the spring of 1356, but no bids were received
In December, 1857, the same route was re-ad-
vertised. Only one proposal was leeeived, and
that was for semi-monihlv service, at $286,000
per annum, it not having been accepted, nego-
tiations were opened by the bidders with the De-
partment, which resulted in making a contract,
on June 8,1858, with the Lnm^ianaTehuantepec
^knipany, on the following teims, namely:
^Fo convey mails from New Orleans, by Mma-
titlan, Suchil, Ventosa, and Acapuleo, to San
Francisco, twice a month, and back, in safe and
substantial steamers between New Orleans and
Minatitlan; in safe and substantial river steamers
between Minatitlan andSuchil,and m post coach-
es or good covered spring-wagons between Suchil
and the Pacific; the residue of the route to San
Fiancisco in steamers, the pay to be at the rate
of §986,000 per annum, with the understanding
that the mails may be exchanged with the line
between Panama and San Francisco, at or near j
Acapulco, without change of pay; and with the
further understanding that the mails may be ex-
changed with the aforesaid line at Ventosa, or
other port within a short distance of that place,
at the annual compensation of $250,000. Service
to commence at any time between the first day of
October and the firstday of November, 1858, and
to terminate on the 30th day of September, 1859.
Each trip to be performed in fifteen days.
The service actually commenced on the 27th of
October, 1858, under auspices which, it is believed,
promise complete success.
Besides being an additional channel of commu-
nication with California, which may tend to bring
about competition at a future letting of contracts
for the whole mail service between the two oceans,
this route affords to certain sections of the Union
the advantage of six days' closer connection with
California than has heretofore been enjoyed. As
far north or east as New York it has the advant-
age of one day; and in cases of emergency, by
using the telegraph, that city, equally with New
Orleans, may communicate with the Pacific coast
six days after the departure of the Panama line.
This contract was made in pursuance of sug-
gestions in the following letters, addressed to the
Hon. William H. English,on the 24th and 25th
of May last, in response to inquiries made on the
subject:
Post Office Department,
Washington, May 24,
Sir: In reply to your communication of the '20th instant.
1 have lite honor to state that no contract has been entered
into with any party or pames to carry the California mails
by the Tehuantepec route. Application for such a contract
having been repeatedly made verbally, and peihaps in writ-
ing, the Department advertised for proposals, which may be
seen in the printed pamphlet of proposals for Louisiana,
1 page ol.
i Having advertised for proposals on this line, and received
I one oi more bids on it, the Department, after taking suitable
tune toi deliberation, has come to the conclusion to estab-
lish mail service theieon from New Oileans, viaTehuan-
■ tepee, to Acapulco, provided a satisfactory contiact can be
i made toi that purpose. The service is not proposed to be
put on fnrthei than to Acapulco, because the present line
I ot <teamets from Panama to San Francisco always touch at
j Acapuleo, and can take on the NewOi leans mail and pa^ou- |
' gen. it is not. however, pioposed to make the fiist contiact j
■ tor a longer period than one veai from the 1st ot October ;
; ui\\t,so thatthiseontraefand the one from New YoiktoAs- !
: pinw.ill may expire at the same time. In the eouise of this j
i yo.ii the piaeticabthty ot the Tehuantepec route mav have ;
! been tullv tested, and its capability to furnish the shottest,
; cheapest, and safest mail loute to California fully demon- ,
siuitfd. The Department, by simultaneous expiration of i
J the contracts on these two loutes, will be enabled to de- i
ternine which one to select, or whether to keep up both, ■
' accommodating the mails and the passenger from New
yoik and New Orleans, leppectively, but paying each ae- j
cording to the amount of mail service icndeied. .
it is alleged that, by stamng this line fiom New Oileans, ,
eoiiespondeuee from the Atlantic side will be received j
neatly one week latei than at piesent, ami from (California |
to the Atlantic States tn like propoition. That is to say. !
thai whilst letters sent fiom Bo-ton and New Yoik toCaii-
lotnia, by Panama, would reach Acapuleo about — dajs
aftei they hail been wntten, others sent from NewOrleans,
via Tehuantepec. to Acapulco, would reach theie in about
— day> ; thus practically furnMiinc nearly a weekly mail,
instead of a f-emi-monthly communication, as ;it piesent.
Th'5 terms ot the contract are not yet definitely .settled,
and theiefosi* cannot be set forth ; but the Department does
not anticipate much duliculty in being able to obtain the
' service on reasonable and satisfactory terms.
i The authority ot this Department to make such a con-
i tract mav he found in the second section of the act ofMarch
3,13.")}. winch the Postmaster Genetalconsideis ample and
| undoubted.
i Seiions doubts have been cxpiesscd as to whether the
i road h is been j ot, oi will be made m tune sufficient for the
• perioun.mee of the contemplated service. The Depait-
' incut, however, will take caie in making any contract to
j pt ovule that where theie i* no service there shall be no pay,
: mid that no tines oi forfeitures shall be remitted toi failures
aiisiuy tioni want*of a suitable ioad3 or from obstaclespre-
: settled by the ms-nfficii ncy oi the river navigation, or of
■ tii'1 hays at either tei in in us of the ti ansit. If, therefotc, the
■, iiviy. bay, oi mad shall not h« Miffieient, the contractors,
not the Government, will be the la-seif. by it.
' The Tehuantepec route has long been a favorite one with
, the Government and people of the United States. No op-
■ ! poituuity ha= been loatm endeavoring to secure it. Having
II at l.i^t securcd tt by the terms of the Gadsden treaty, and a
,i reasonable probability now existing that the route has been
or w ill m a short time be placed in a condition to receive
ihr-civice, the Department sees no good reason why it
should not enter on the enjoyment of tlio&e advantages so
; earnestly desired and so lon^anticipated by the people and
Government of the United States.
In proposing to make this contract, the Postmaster Gen-
eral does not intend to decide any coiuroveisy which now
ji exists, or may hereafter arise, between rival claimants
under the grants or decrees of the Mexican Government.
! i Who are the true ownets ot the light to make the road is
!• lett to the proper tribunals to determine.
;i It is enough for the Department that parties of undoubted
responsibility, claiming to be in possession of the road, and
to ue the lawful owners of it, have proposed to petform the
desired service. If m this there shall be any mistake, the
contract with the parties will terminate with their loss of
the road, and the Department be as ready to contract with
the successful claimants as with the present ones. In any
point of view, it would seem to be the interest ot the true
ownei of this light, whoever he may be, that tins contract
should be made. It will materially aid in the early comple-
tion of the road, and furnish the assurance that, after the
United States shall have entered on it, in the transmission
of her mails, no wanton or illegal revocation ot the right
would be tolerated.
The Department, in arriving at the conclusion that the
time had come when the mail service of the United States
ought to be placed upon this new-and additional route, has
not been influenced m tho slightest degree by mere geo-
graphical partialities. Ruzhtly considered, there are no rival
and sepai ate interest* ofwtho North or Noitheast to be pre-
judiced by the establishment of this route.
It'it be shorter, safei. and more expeditious than other
routes, it can and will be adopted by the people of that por-
tion of the United states, both for postal and tiavehng pur-
poses, as fieely and fully ashy those of the West or South-
west. If it present no such sinking advantages, then more
southern transits, such as Panama, Chiriqui, and Nicara-
gua, will continue to be used by all the northern or north-
eastern portion of the Union, whilst that ot Tehuantepec
would probably be used by the people of the western or
southwestern States, whose geograpnical positions render
it to them the most desirable transit.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
' * 1 AARON V. BROWN.
Hon. William H. English, Chairman Committee Posi
Office and Post Roads.
Post Office Department, May 25,1858.
Sir: In addition to what was submitted to you on yes-
terday in favor of now establishing the Tehuantepec route
to California, I beg leave to say that, in one poiut of view,
the whole nation as a unit may become deeply interested in
the successful establishment of this route.
Tehuantepec is nearer to us, and lies within the Gulf of
Mexico, which is destined hereafter to be an American sea,
over the whole of which the United States must exercise,
from overruling motives, a distmetand masterly control. It
is thereloie fair to conclude that a tiansit across Tehuan-
tepec m time ot war could and would be more easily and
ceitainly piotected trom tailing into the hands of an enemy
than any more distant one.
In coming to the conclusion to establish this additional
mail line, the Department has not peimitted considerations
of tho peisonai inteiesto! individuals on other lines to deter
it fiom action. Those who embarked their means in the
constiuctiou of a lailioad acioss the Panama route knew
that they had to encounter the advantages of the Chiriqui
tiansit, wiih ;dl tho superiouty which deep and tranquil
hatbois on both oeenns coniened upon it. They knew,
also, that the Nicaragua lake would raise up against them
a moot formidable competition. All who embaiked in any
of the^e Ueutt.il Amencan lines also knew that Tehuante-
pec. bv eoiiturmiv to tho territory of the United State.*
on both oceans and its imue defensible position, mu* t, in
some fultiie day, become an object or peculiar interest to
the American people. All this they knew,and must, there-
foie. be ore-aimed to lelv for successful investment on no
implied obligation on tho part of the Government not to
favor the construction of any other passway across the
isthmus which time andfutuie discovery might show to be
more convenient and useful.
Those who have embanked their means in the construc-
tion ot this rotul over Tehuantepec have had to encounter
the subsequent establishment ot manyoveiland routes to
California, which must.necessarily be more or less detri-
mental to then interest. Monopolies on none ot these transit
routes, either across tho isthmus or on the main land, ought
ever to be encouiaged or even toleiated. The United States,
have never sought to make them such In every right ot
tiansit which they have either sought or obtained they de-
sired no exclusive privileges for themselves. They have
always regatded the light of way over that narrow stup of
country winch unites the two American continents as a great
public necessity, and which must, therefore, be enjoyed by
all the civnized and commercial nations or the eaith. It
must be on this necessity, that a large portion of the world
is compelled to have transit over all these routes, that indi-
viduals who embark their means in then construction must
lely for the success of theii investment. Fortunately for
them, theie is more danger that, after all, there will be too
few, instead oftoo many,of these great thoroughfares to meet
the wants of mankind.The two American continents stretch
themselves out in so long a hno uoith and south that they
intercept the commerce, the tiavel, and the correspondence
of more than half the habitable globe. The sail has given
way to the steam vessel, and the passion for expedition de-
mands the most direct passage in the shortest possible time.
The Department but yields to this universal temper of the
age when it establishes this line fiom New Orleans by Te-
huantepec to California. The passengers from the southern
and southwestern States who desne to go to California, will
no longer be required to go hundreds of miles in the wrong
duection in order tostait for California, but, going to their
own natural emporium, New Orleans, stait out direct and
make the journey in nearly half the time and with half the
expense now required. So of all correspondence to and
from the same legion of country.
This enpn<;e of my reasons and views became necessary
in consequence of my avowal, m the early part of this let-
ter, that, although I had not closed the contract, yet I had
concluded to do so, and that nothing remained but the ad-
justment of the terms of it.
With this apology for the length of this communication,
I remain your obedient servant,
AARON V. BROWN.
Hon. Wiu.km II. English, Ckairman Committee Post
Office and Post Roads,
