644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Those expenses were incurred in 1820, nearly
forty years ago, and Captain Ridgely has been
here besieging the doors <Jf Congress ever since,
and there has never been favorable action of the
Senate upon it; but the action has always been
adverse, and the claim has been rejected several
times. Since I have beent a member of the Senate
I have given some attention to bills of this sort,
and I do not think there has been a single bill of
this kind passed. I know they have been refused
repeatedly. They were refused in the case of
Commodore Elliott. It is possible that some one
may have passed, but I think not; and I think if
we pass this bill, which is for expenses incurred
by a naval officer in entertaining gentlemen on
board his ship forty years ago, we shall set a pre-
cedent, and open a gate at the Treasury, that will
be of evil example. Having said this much, I
leave the matter with the .Senate.
* Mr. KENNEDY. RJr. President, it is certain,
upon the showing of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire," that he has made out a strong
case against the claim of Commodore Ridgely.
He has read the unfavorable action of Congress
on this case, without a full reference, I believe, to
any favorable reports.
Mr. HALE. The Senator will excuse me for
a single moment. I have simply read from the
'Senate document a history ot' this claim, and I
have read every word that appears 111 the docu-
ment.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have before me, 1 believe,
all the reports made on this ease from 183G; and
apprehending that it might come up to-day, I
took the trouble to get one of the cleiks to make
me out an abstract fiom the Journal. I will begin
first, by staling what thi.'i abstract is. In the
Senate, the JTwunty-Fourth Congress, fir/st
session, there was a favorable report made by
Mr. Clay, and a resolution reported'and passed
June 13, 1K3G, which I hold in n\y hand, and
which 1 shall read directly. At the Twenty-
Fourth Congress, second session, in the [Senate,
a bill was reported In favor of the petitioner. At
the Thirtieth Congress, first session, there was a
House bill reported in the Senate, with an amend-
ment. At the Thiitieth Congirss, second ses-
sion, the bill was rejected; but that vote was re-
considered. At the Thirty-Fifth Congress, fust
session, there was a favorable report and bill; and
at the Thirty-Fifth Congress, second session, the
bill passed. In the House of Representatives, at
the .Twenty-Fourth Congress, second session, a
favorable report (No. 113) was made. At the
Twenty-Fifth Congress, second session, in the
House, a favorable report (No. 4S9) was made.
At the Twenty-Sixih Congie*s, hist session,
there was a favorable repoit, (No. 4'JS.) In the
Twenty-Ninth Congress tlieie was a favorable
report, (not printed;) and in the Thirtieth Con-
gress, first session, a !)ill was leported and passed.
*4n looking over those leports 1 find that the
first, one in this body was made by Mr. Clay,
then the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, in 1836. I tiust 1 may be indulged in
reading a short extract from that report, winch
seems to have been the basis of all the action here.
When the minds of the Senate are brought to a
full consideration of this case; when thoy hear
the ground upon which the claim was made, I
foe! perfectly confident that they will be willing
to do that justice whieh, in my opinion, has been
so long and so unjustly withheld. The report of
Mr. Clay is a short one, only one page, and I
will read the whole of it:
"Tliat it append that, duiins the voars ItOO and lS-ll.
whilst Captain Rudely wa« m the command ot the Amei -
ican squadion, m the Pacific ocean, ami when war wa^
rasing in rem and Chili, the .Spanish Viceroy, luivms been
deposed, soujjut a temporaiy lUuge. Willi hi-i Mjife and at-
tendants, on bom (1 of tne United dutcs fns itr Con-t'-l! i-
lion. under the command ot Captain Ihdyeh*; tnnt be m-
cuncd con-ideiablo expense in ci,tenaiinn-j tlie-e i^in^t^;
tliat, on othei ocea.-ion*, lie leceived dutinsrui-hod fcspan-
knds on board hi- squadron. owmif totlic picvailin^ unset
tied state ol thins-; and, ulnl-t he was aJfoiduu iheni
piotection dictated by humanity ami uanantrd In the ami-
cable lelutiotw sutrMmj; between tin United M.tU'- and
Spam, incuircd extiaoidmaiy expeiif-e-i in In lny
them; and that Captain Unlgelv peifonnert othei ^eivice-,
during !n->cruisse,not falling within the stnet line oflu> duty.
' Whil-t the committee" believe that theic may be occa-
sions when, without a neglect of the duties ot humanity,
(and some such occurred, as above stated.) llie command-
ers. of our squadrons on distant service caxmot avoid incur-
ring extraoidmary expenses, for which they oucht to be 10-
muneiated, the committee think that these occasions ought
to be always strictly examined, uud that they should not be
unnecessarily multiplied, nor at any time made for useless
parade, nor for laying the foundation of a subsequent claim
for extra allowance. The committee does not intend to &ay
that this was done by Captain Ridgely ; on the contrary, it
lias no reason to believe tliat he did anything which was
not suitable to the case, the character of his country, and
of his vocation.
"The committee is of opinion thatCftptain Ridgely ought i
to be reimbursed all expenses which he incurred in the in- [
stances leteued to, not arising out of the regular line or his J
official duty; but the committee possesses no adequate data
upon which it could recommend to the Senate to make him |
the .specific allowance to which he is equitably entitled, j
This is llie less necessary, as, m the opinion of the commit- <
tee, it is competent to the Department of State or the Navy, |
out of the appropriations annually made for contingencies, j
to make him a just and prop'er allowance. The committee, |
therefore, ptopo>o the following resolution : j
Resolved, That Captain Ridgely is entitled to a just rc- !
muneration for the extiaordmory expense* incurred by him '
onthe occasions lieiem alluded to. after they aie useer- '
tinned by the piopi-i accounting officer-!; and that, as such
remuneiatiou mav be made out ot appropriations annually J
made, the Committee on I'oteign Allairs be discharged fiom j
Juuhei conijidciing the said petition."
That resolution passed the Senate, The pa-
pers were sent to the other House, and there the
case fell for the want of time, the Calendar not
being readied, and the biil not being taken up. At
the following session, in 1838, a report was made
in the House of Representatives, by Mr. How-
ard, of Maryland, based upon the resolution
passed here; from which report I will read an j
extract: f \
u On the 13;') of June, 18u6. the Committee on Foreign :
A flans in the Senate made a report, which concluded with |
the following i< -olutiuu : |
" '■Revolted. That Captain Kulgely is entitled to a just re- 1
muneiauou turmeeMMonhnaiv expenses itietutvd by hint j
on the occasions- heiein alluded to, altei the\ aie ;e.eer- |
tamed by toe piopei aceoimiunr oUk crs, and thai, a- -u<-h 1
lemnner.ition may he made out ot appropriations annually
made,.the Committee on Foreign Atiini? be djaohaiijul lioin 1
fiom fmther con->id Ming the said petition.' j
" Upon a copy ot this lepoit being presented at tlu* St.it'1
Derailment, a- the one whose contingent fund was Mip- |
po-ed to he applicable to the payment, of the claim, it ap-
pealed that the Sccn-taiy did note on.-ader lmii>?lt at iib.-i ly ,
to apptopi nite any ponton of the fund to that puipo a'. The '
following menioiondmn expn;>?e^ his opinion* I
" 4 The Secretaiv of State has no power to pay anv Mieh
cliuni- a-, tho-io ot'Captain Ridgely, 1101 any funu out ot wlweh ;
tliej could be pupeilv paid. !
' J. FORSYTH.' '
" In consequence of tins diHeienco of opinion, it became
| neci" "ai v to apply again to Congress; and the Committee
j on Foicnrn Allan-, in the llou^o'of Rcprocnfativc. on the
I T/th of Janmuy. It*07,made <i favorable leporr, and aeeoni-
■ pinned it with a bill.
i •* The committee refei to and adopt thatioport, with the
exception of that pai t in winch an cfiort i~i made to fix upon
i the pieei-e sum due to Captain Ridsjelv. Thev now primer
■ to leave the ease to be settled by such pi on! as mav he ox-
j hihited to rhe Sccietaiy of the iSTavv,and piCiposc, m the l->ij|
, herewith lepoited. to anthouze linn to settle tne account
upon pnneipies of equity and justice."
| From delay in one House or the other, although
I the.se favorable lenorts have been frequently made,
; the ease has never been acted upon finally, from
| 1630 until now. It is very ti\)e thai tins service
, wan rendered m 18S21; afid for the authority under
which it was done, I should like to read the m-
1 sjtructions of the Navy Department to Oommo-
; (lore Ilid^ely. In 1821, the Sectctmy ofthe iN'avy
(inect«.d CommodoreltidgeIy,amo g other things,
as follows:
tl I u torn Iiing at the poi ts in Chili and Peru, and ail otheis
m South Amenca. you will asceitam vvhetliei thetiading
i oi whale >hips ol the United States are molested in the
■ pio-ecution ot then voyages, arid the e«iu^e> of Mich mole>t~
. atton, and airord to thorn all particular relief, in ca^e> of
need ; and, at all the poits you may visit, make Mich d^plav
; of the >lnp under yourconimand as shall he bc^t caleui.ited
; to ptoducc uripie-sioiis Javot able to the mt0i<>--ts ot the Uni-
ted Slate-." k * * * is you will viMt ail the
' United States ships and vessels you may meet, with a \iew
; to ascertain then situaiiou, and" whethei iltey havebcen
mtemnitcd m their lawful pmsmt«; afford them aid. pio-
tection", and security,consistently with the law^of nations,
and tlie re.-peet due to the existing authorities wheicver
! and wneiK-vci^nch piotcction and aid shall bo needed and
■ c.in be aflbidcd "
; These are (he instructions from the Navy Dp-
| pnrtmont to Commodore Ridgely on that service.
Whilst performing that service, he found the
States of Chili and Peru m a state of revolt, the
, Viceioythen having taken refuse upon anAmer-
: ienn ship, the General Brown, with a large amount
i of treasure amounting to five or six hundred thou-
i sand dollarsormore. When Commodore Ridgely
| arrived with his vessel in one of those ports, he
' found a settled determination on the part of the
revolutionists to capture that ship and sacrifice the
life of this officer of Spain, with whom we were
upon amicable termsand under treaty stipulations.
He extended his protection to*the Viceroy, and
received and entertained him on board his ship.
Another very striking case occurred, whieh I will
not take the time of the Senate to read, when,
under.the orders of the commercial agent on that
station, he protecte4 another American ship and
gave refuge and protection to American commerce
durmsc a series of five, or six, or seven, or eight
months. It is shown here by the papers that the
expenses which were thus incurred were enorm-
ous; that the price of provisions of all sorts was
very high; that flour was selling at $100 a barrel,
and rice at onedollar a pound. This gentleman,
on the poor pittance he was receiving then as com-
mander in the Navy, in vindicating the honor and
in maintaining the dignity of his country, gave
refuge to those who had sought the protection of
the American fla«r. lie was bound to do it by
treaty stipulations; and yet he is to be deprived
of his means to support the honor and dignity of
the country, when his country is perfectly able to
maintain its own honor and dignity without com-
ing to its officers and taking from them their sup-
port. I appeal to the Senate if it is just, if it ia
right, or if it is proper?
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
has said it is setting a very bad precedent. Why,
Mr. President, here is a list of precedents; and I
believe almost within a week, or at least within a
short time, we have done the very thing that is
a<ked for now. There was a bill for the relief of
Captain Fitch, passed March 3, 1831, to remu-
nerate him for extiaordinary expenses incurred
in entertaining1 foreign dignitaries, simply cham-
pagne and wines and other things, in supporting
the honor and dignity of his ship. A bill passed
for Commodoie Sloat of the same character; also,
a bill for Commodore Perry, a bill for Commo-
dore Shnbnck, a bill for Captain Downs, a bill
for Captain Patterson, and a bill for Captain Mor-
gan. They are all ot the same character as this.
Many of them were simply for entertaining for-
, eisrn dignitaries; but here was an officer of the
! American Navy, acting, as he conceived, under
1 tlie oider3 of the Department in givmgprotection.
i I have no particular interest in this case; but
upon an examination of it, it struck me as being
so manifestly just, and so entirely right to the
dignity of the country that this claim should be
' paid, and should not be suffered to rest upon the
heirs of Commodore Ridgely, that I felt com-
pelled to make this statement. lie gave a long
; life of brilliant service to the country. He never
did anything: to forfeit the esteem and regard of
his country. I do not see why any one should
object to this poor, miserable pittance, reported ill
: the bill now, of §0,000, without interest; which is
not more than one h -.If the sum indicated by dis-
tinguished gentlemen and officers, who were then
under Ins command.
i With this statement of the favorable action of
' the Senate, and with the statement of the prece-
dents tljat have gone before it, I am perfectly
i willing to leave the case to the Senate, feeling con-
! fident that they ate ready to do that justice which,
! in my humble judgment, has been already too
■ long deferred.
| Mr. HALE. I am not going to occupy the
I time of the Senate more than a single minute. I
! think it will be seen, though the honorable Senator
; from Maryland did not give us the dates, that the
; last precedent, by which an allowance of this sort
i was made fiom the Federal .Treasury, was at
: least fifteen years ago. I think he will not'find
one within the last fifteen years.
J Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from
| New Hampshire that a bill very similiar to this
; passed last week, or perhaps the early part of
j this week—a bill for the relief of Captain Plart-
Mr. HALE. Ah ! lam obliged to the Senator.
Captain Hartstenewas specially ordered to go on
a visit of ceremony to the Gtueen of England and
deliver up a ship; he was sent there to pay the com-
pliments of the nation to her Majesty the Q,ueen
of England. As'the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Hammond,] who is on the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and reported that bill, knows,
that was put precisely on the ground of being an
exception to every case—his whole business be-
ing one of courtesy to the Glueen; but I state
what I think cannot be controverted, that claims
of this sort in the last fifteen years have been uni-
