1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
formly rejected. I know there have been several
instances of such allowances, but I think not one
has passed within fifteen years. But, sir, not be-
lieving that the dignity of this country is to be
maintained by paying for champagne for naval
officers to drink in foreign countries, I will con-
tent myself with simply asking the yeas and nays,
and let it go.
Mr. POLK. I wish to state to the Senate, as I
liad the honor or being one of the Committee on
Foreign Relations that agreed to the jreport, and
had the honor of presenting it, that I believe the
report was the unanimous sense of that commit-
tee in regard to this claim. I will state next, that
I think this claim is one much stronger than that
of Captain Hartstene, though I voted for that.
The Senator from New Hampshire says Captain
Hartstene went on a mission of ccrcmony to de-
liver a ship to the British Queen; but, sir, what
we patd Captain Hartstene for, was the entertain-
ment which he furnished on board his ship, per-
haps, to the British Queen, and to certain dig-
nitaries of England and their friends. It was
literally for champagne, I suppose, and such like
matteis. I have no objection to it*, I voted for it;
but I say tins is a much stronger case. The proof
in this case is, not that Captain Ridgely furnished
champagne, but that he furnished flour to support
this Viceroy, driven out of his country by the rev-
olutionists as they called themselves, seeking aid
and taking refuge on an American merchant ship
where he was not safe. The revolutionists were
going to make an attack on that ship for the purpose
of taking hina from that ship, and this American
commander of a naval vessel, being m port, took
him into his possession to secure him against this
outrage that was about to be perpetiated upon
him, and he furnished him and his suite, first, se-
curity, and next, entertainment at the same board
at which he and hi.s officers received their sup-
port, buying flour at $100 a barrel at the time.
In an ••wer to a remark made sotln voce by the
Senator from New Hampshire, I will state that
that is not the only case of expense, but he af-
forded similar entertainment to other refugees.
Amongst others was an old, ancient, and vener-
able dignitary of the Church of that country. I
do not wish to detain the Senate with an argu-
ment on this question. 1 have no interest in it,
and know very little about it; but I will state that,
in my opinion, it is a case that calls much more
loudly for the interposition of tho Senate than
Captain Hartstene's case, though I believe that
Captain Hartstene's case was one that justly
merited the prompt redress at the hands of the
Senate which it uceived; for just as soon as the
ijpport was made, the bill was put upon its pas-
sage, and it went through at onc^; and very prop-
erly.
Mr. PUGII. 1 wish to know how the commit-
tee anived at §G,000 as the*propei. sum.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senator from
Ohio, there wos on examination of tho papers
made. This ease, as lie has seen, has been before
Congress, in the different Houses, for some tune,
and the committee put it downutabout the lowest
sum that they thought the facts would justify. [ j
will state frankly, that the committee had not an,y ! I
exact scale of figures wluch they could apply to
it with absolute certainty; but they gave what
they considered a proper sum under the circum-
stances—the lowest that was estimated.
Mr. PUGH. I am satisfied. I think it a case
of humanity, not ceremony.
The question being1 taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays ^29; as follows:
YEAS—Chandler, Otnifr. Clay, Davi*.
fet-somiei). Hale. Jiainhn. liaiiati, King, ami
Wade—32.
NAVir Mol-is. Allen. Benjamin, Biicht. Biodcuek,
Btow ii, Chr.-nm. Chairman, CiiUemioii. Dixon, Doohttle,
THnkee, File!! Fitzprroiok, Grc^n, Gwiri, Houston, Tvor-
ft.o, Jones, Ktim-uH, ?>l,von. Pcaico, Polk, i'ugh, ltoid.
Hire, t^ru.nr, Toumii-", Waul, and Yulee—'2$.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote
passing the bill.
Mr. KENNEDY. There seems to be some
difficulty apprehended by the Secretary, m rejrard
to the return of this bill. In order to^ relieve it
from any difficulty, I submit the following ordet:
Ordered. That The Secrctaiy again coinmuniocuo to the
JTon-e of Jl"pre^en'nti''Cd Senate bill (So. Itf) < nulled,
'• \" Lief for ihe relief of the leial ! epv'snituuve- of t'npt am
G.Ruljrcly. of the United .States Navy.'"" as having
j.as-vd the Senate on the Gist instant.
The order was adopted.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 666) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1860; which, on motion of Mr.
Hunter, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill. (II. R.
No. 801) to*fix and regulate the compensation
of receivers and registers of the land offices,
under the provisions of the act approved April
20, 1858, and the enrolled bill (S. No. 182) for
the enforcement of mechanics'liens on buildings,
&c., in the District of Columbia; and they were
signed by the President pro tempore.
JANE SMITH.
The PRESIDING 0FF1CER. The first bill
on the Private Calendar is tho bill (S. No. 87)
from the Court of Claims, for the relief of Jane
Smith, of the county of Clermont, State of Ohio.
The bill was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay to Jane Smith, the widow of
John Smith, a soldier in the army of the Revolu-
tion, the sum of £393 84, being for the arrears of
her pension at the rate of eighty dollars per an-
num, from the 4th of March, 3848, to the 3d of
Februaiy, 1853, to which she is entitled under
the second section of the act of February 3,1853,
entitled " An act to continue half pay to certain
widows, minors, and orphans."
Mr. CLAY. This is a bill to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate, and paiticularly
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and the
Senator from Michigan, [Mi. Stuart,] and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. .Green.] it is a bill
to pay arrears of pension. It is a subject which
I remember those Senatois discussed once here
befoie the Senile, and the Senate, upon a direct
vote on the merits of this question, rejected the
proposition by a considerable majority. The sum
and substance of it is briefly this: in 1848, a bill
was passed enlarging the pension laws so as to
embrace all widows who had married revolution-
ary officers or soldiers, subsequent to 1800. As
the Senate, perhaps, knows, by previous acts of
legislation, we had provided for all other widows
of revolutionary officers and soldieis, beginning
with those who were mai i u-d before or during the
Revolution, and who, it was said, shared in the
toils, dangers, and privations of that war. Then
we extended it to those who had been married
prior to 1794,1 believe. Then, by the act of 1848,
we extended it so as to embrace all widows of
revolutionary officers and soldiers who were mar-
ried prior to 1800. That act was in force until
1853, when, by a little amendment to some bill,
to which it did not appear to me to be at all ger-
mane, provision was made for those widows who
weie married subsequently to 1800. That pro-
vision is only a single scction of four line?, and I
hope the Senate will give it their attention. It is
the second section o'f " An act to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans," appro\ed
February 3, 3853:
'•Tliat the widows of all otBceis, non-commissioned offi-
cer-, iciwcians, and puvate-. of the olutionaiv annv,
vviio wen: numied ^ulwquent to January. A. D. lbUO. -.ball
be .'untied to a p.2u> on m ?'ie same mannei as those who
were likiiued belure that date."'
Under this section, those who were married
subsequent to January, 1800, claimed that they
should be paid arrears of pension, beginning from
the time the act of 3848 was passed. Unlike all
other pensioners, as 1 maintain, who have ever
been provided for by any pension law, they claim
that this act was to have a rotioactne effect, and
that it was to date back from the passage of the
prior set of 1848, which provided for those who
had been married prior to lyOU. They claim it
m virtue simply of these words: " in the same
manner." They maintain that this word " man-
ner" implies time, as well as the mode of proof
requisite, to secure the payment and the amount
which should be allowed. They said it meant
time, too; and that, in order to carry out the h\y
to its full meaning and effect, you should piov-d^
from 1848; in other words, that you must give
them five years of arrears of pension. The then
Commissioner of Pensions, Mr. Heath, rejected
the claim. He said, no; this is in violation of
well-settled general legal principles; it is*in viola-
tion of the policy of the Government, as indicated
in all pension bills. It is absurd tq-maintain that
these words," in the same manner, "implied time.
They relate to the mode of proof. In order to. en-
title the parties to the pension they must show
their marriage; they must show the service, of
their husbands during the revolutionary war; they
must show that their husbands were pensioners
of the Government in virtue of those services;
they must show that their husbands are dead,
and they must show that they themselves never
received any pension; but it does not mean that
they shall be paid hack for five years, as if they
had been pensioned by the act'of ]848.
The Court of Claims, however, upon the two
cases provided for by this bill, and the next one
on the Calendar, have very strangely and ab-
surdly, as it seems to me, construed these words,
" in the same manner," to imply time as well as
the measure of proof, and the mode of payment;
and upon these two cases depend numeroi^s others
which will require in the aggregate, according to
the estimate of the present Commissioner of Pen-
sions, nearly one million two hundred thousand
dollars; so that the Senate will see that this, al-
though a small amount in itself, involves an im-
portant principle. If you pass these two bills,
you might as well provide, in your pension appro-
priation bill, the sum of $1,200,000 to liquidate
all pensions of the same class; for they come
within the same principle under the same act, and
in equity are entitled to a like provision.
Now, sir, I say that it is in violaticfci of all well-
settled principlesoflegal construction, to maintain
that these words, " in the same manner," entitle
the parties to claim five years of arrears of pen-
sion; or, in other words, that this act has a retro-
active effect, that it is retrospective in its oper-
ation, and entitles them to the arrears. According
to universal legal construction, all laws, unless
they specially provide for their retroactive effect,
only take effect from the day of their passage.
Where there is no constitutional provision on the
subject, this is the universal law, as I understand;
and it is so construed by all courts. Congress
has clearly, by its legislation in respect to pen-
sions, indicated its respect-for this principle of
law; for there is not another pension law on the
statute-hook to which there has ever been given
a retroactive interpretation by thePension bureau,
or the Secretary of the Interior, except where it
is so specially provided on its face; and in several
cases which 1 might enumerate, if it were neces-
sary, Congress did provide that they should re-
late' back one, two, and, in some instances, three
years previously.
Again, Congiess has provided, by a general
law embracing all pensions, all pension laws then
in existence, and all that might thereafter he
passed, that no pension should commence until
the proof was completed under the law; and yet,
though that act is upon the statute-book, unre-
pealed, the Court of Claims maintain that in virtue
of the words, " in the same manner," in the act
of 1853, despite that general law, these pensions
shall be dated back to 1848; that they shall have
five years' airears of pensions. This false and
fraudulent claim, as I think it, has been rejected
by three Commissioners of Pensions in succes-
sion; by Mr. Heath, under General Taylor's Ad-
ministration; by Mr. Waldo, under Mr. Pierce's;
and by the present Commissioner of Pensions;
and the question presented to Congress is whether
they will overrule the decisions of those officers;
whether they will overrule their own action hith-
erto in every other pension bill, in condescension
to this absurd, irrational, and illegal construction
of the Court of Claims, and will declare that these
pension at rears shall be paid.
But, sir, fuithermore, if the pensions were due
under this act, and I believed that it was the in-
tention of Congress that these pensioners should
enjoy the bounty of the Government from 1848,
1 would vote against this bill, and I would intro-
duce a lull into the Senate to repeal the law, or to
iMve it a di'frrent construction; for what are these
pensions after all but a mere gratuity ? Gentle-
men spr ik n& though some vested n2I11 was created
hy virtue of this statute, and that Congress could
not, without a violation of its plighted faith and
honor, refuse to pay these arrears. Why, sir,
