1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL.GLOBE.
647
overriding all other classes of claimants who ever
did get the bounty of this Government.
I hope tiie Senate will adhere to its former judg-
ment on this question. It is a mere difference
of construction between the Department and the
Court of Claims. I think the Department is right.
The principle is important. By rejecting this prop-
osition, we do no violence to anybody, we do no
injustice. JThe very mode in which the original
act was passed, show.s that it never had the con-
currence of the Representatives of the people, ex-
cept technically; and, therefore, it is less entitled
to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I do not rise for the purpose of
arguing the law question involved in this case, for
it is a pure law question, which has been properly
submitted to the Court of Claims and settled by
them. If a court ought not finally to settle this
question, then on no question which we can submit
to them ought their decision to be final and con-
clusive. It is not a question as to merit or de-
ment; but it is a question of the construction of a
law that has been passed. Rights are vested un-
der it, or ihey are not. The Court of Claims,
after a full' and satisfactory investigation of this
whole subject, after arguments by lawyers on
both sides, have come to a conclusion; and then-
reasoning is before us, and we can read it. 1 do
not expect that the Senate will take any construc-
tion tiiat 1 may give to this law, or any reasoning
that I could offer upon it, as being superior to the
able opinion of the court which is before us.
The Court of Claims took up tins dry law ques-
tion involving the construction of a statute, de-
liberated on it for a long period of time, not act-
ing as we arc doing, but confining themselves to
the law and the principles of law, and they have
come to the conclusion, I believe unanimously,
that these pensions had a rotiospective operation;
that the law gave it to them. The court had not
all the light, as to the intention of the law, which
\ye have. They had to reason from the language
of the lav/ itself, as all courts are obliged to do,
though fcar/slative bodies are not so strictly con-
fined. They could not dy> into the merits of the
casr ,as developed by the Senator from Maine, and
state precisely what was the intention of the law-
makers at the time. They had not the benefit of
thatinformat!on;but withoutany such light, they
came to a conclusion on the dry construction of
these statutes as they stand; and 1 do not believe
that any sound lawyer can now take the subject
up and make out a case adverse to that whicli the
court has made, successfully. I hope, if it is
necessary, that the reasoning of the court on this
subject will be read, as the very best law argu-
ment that can be made upon it. After we have
Sent such questions as this to be settled by this
court; after we have put these poor widows to the
cost and expense of litigating for two or three years
their cases before the court whom we nave con-
stituted as the proper tribunal to settle such mat-
ters, it strikes me that it is not proper for us to
refuse to carry out the judgment in their favor.
The judgment was deliberately and fairly made.
Nobody contends that it was anything else than
fair. Your own solicitor stood between the rights
of those parties and the United States before that
court, to make the best plea in behalf of the Gov-
ernment that he could; and yet the comt came to
the conclusion that these persons are entitled to
the relief sought.
I appeal to every Senator here, is it quite fair,
because that judgment was adverse to 'he Gov-
ernment, that we shall turn ri«;ht round and tell
the parties we did not intend you should have the
benefit of it, but we intended to play upon this
principle: if we win, right; if you win, wc still
have the power to set it all aside. Sir, I will sub-
mit no case, with such a view, to this court or any
other. If we submit a law question to a law court,
provided by ourselves to be a court in the last re-
sort, to settle a law question; if we have sent a
man there and the decision is adverse to us, I will
stand by it. If it is m favor of the Government,
1 will stand Thy that; but I do not think it is quite
fair dealing to encourage suitors to litigate their
claims through the court, and then turn ri ht
round and treat it as though no such decision
had been made. 1 appeal to every Senator here
who is a lawyer, whether the members of this
court, eminent lawyers as they are, with the ques-
tion precisely before them, argued before them,
and considered judicially, would not be more likely
to come to a correct conclusion than we are here,
in the manner that we investigate such questions ?
^ could give my own views of the construction of
this law. I think the view of the court is right.
I think the court could come to no other conclu-
sion than that at which they have arrived; but I
| know that to argue the question would only be
repeating tl\e reasons that are much better set
forth in the opinion of the court, and therefore I
shall not attempt it. I feel no^ particular interest
in this question, only Uiappen to know that there
are several applicants here in needy circumstances,
who have been at ttouble and expense in litigat-
ing their cases through the court, and believing
that they are fairly entitled to the benefit of the
judgment they have won from the court, 1 think
we ought to give it to them.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, this lady is one
I of my constituents, and it would give mo sincere
| pleasure to be able to vote for her bill; but this
[ question has been before the Senate now for three
; sessions, ever since I have been a member of the
I body, and I have examined it most carefullyand
; thoioughly, and my honest conviction is, that
j there is no foundation, legal or equitable, for the
j claim. M y colleague says that these parties were
j sent to the Court of Claims, and that, therefore,
i we ought to hold ourselves bound by the opinion
1 of that court as an arbitration. Who sent them
! there? How did th§y get there ? What business
| had the court with them ? That is a court estab-
J Iished to hear claims against Che United States;
[ and here are parties claiming arrears of pension,
I a gratuity, a gift, who go of their own motion
I into the court; and the court, beyond its jutisdic-
| tion conferred by the act of Congress, entertains
' the questions. Sir, the very fact that the Court
of Claims hoard the cases of thpse two hundred
persons nearly, would be with me a strong argu-
ment for suppressing the court, because it seems
to have acted according to what is said to be the
maxim of a good judge, to amplify his own juris-
diction
Then it is said the cause was thoroughly argued
on both sides. Such is not my recollection. I
once examined the record, and I think it was not
argued at all on the side of the United States. It
was submitted withoutargument by the solicitor.
Perhaps ho thought it was a good claim; I believe
he said so. I do not call him to account for his
opinion 
Mr. WADE. I can inform the gentleman how
that is. There was no argument submitted on the
i part of the United States, because the solicitor in
behalf of the United States gave it up. He could
not withstand the reasoning on the other side, and
so stated, and therefore gave it up. lie came to
the same conclusion as the other side.
Mr. PUGH. My colleague and 1 agree, then,
as to the fact. I do not impute anything to Mr.
Bl;iir. He is a very good lawyer: I have great
personal respect for him, and great respect for
him as a lawyer; but I say the assertion that the
court had the advantage of an argument on both
sides is not correct. My colleague does not dis-
agree with me i n that respect, although it may be
that Judge Blair thought the case could not be
insisted. Now my colleague is well enough ac-
quainted with the law to know that a decision
made upon an argument of one side never carries
any great authority.
1 do not propose to go at length into this ques-
tion ; but I have a word to say to the Senator from
Maine, because he has made to-day a statement
which I think he has made three or four times be-
fore, in my hearing, that he <Jjrew this section m
the act of 1S53, and that he knew what he in-
tended to accomplish, and, therefore, that is the
meaning of the law. Why, sir, no Scripture is of
any private interpretation, and, a fortiori, no stat-
ute. If there is anything well established-and re-
peatedly decided, it is, that the intention of any
one member of a deliberative body, even if ex-
pressed m a speech at the time, is no evidence
whatever as to the meaning of a statute. I take
that to be law, and I think all my legal friends
around me will agree with me. Therefore, to get
up and tell us what, he intended by his amend-
ment, and what private conversations he had with
the Secretary of the Interior, does not advance the
case an inch.
The Senator from Georgia told us our Govern-
ment set out to give pensions to the widows of
revolutionary soldiers who had married prior to
the year 1800, the idea being that those widows
had at least participated, some of them, in the
struggles apd toils of the Revolution; others were
reduced to poverty by the sufferings of their hus-
bands—poverty caused by the Revolution; but
the Government especially provided that, where
those marriages happened after the year 1800,
the whole substance andttiea of the law had failed,
and therefore they would give no pension.
In 1853, however, many years afterwards, upon
the suggestion, or if it was not absolutely so made,
it is fair to infer it fronrthe language of the act, that
probably there were but few of this class of wid-
ows, ana that the distinction had better be effaced
and they had better be put on the pension roll,it
was carried; and the effect of the law, if I recollect
the language of it, is, that they shall be put on the
pension roll " in the same manner 99 as widows
that were married before 1800. Now, with all
due respect to the judgment of the Court of Claims,
I venture to say that 1 never knew before that
the phrase, "in the same manner," describing
how pensions should be paid,could be construed
to be retroactive, and cover five years of arrears
of pension. It is a most preposterous decision,
in my judgment; and yet, as my colleague has
said, I feel strongly inclined to give this lady,
because she is my constituent, every possible ad-
vantage; and if he can show me that we have re-
ferred this to the Court of Claims as arbitrators,
I will abide the "award of the arbitrators, be it
true, or be it false; but merely because parties
claiming arrears of pension chose to go intoafo-
rum not intended for them and get a decision in
their favor, with no argument on the other side,
and then come here and ask us to pay them, I
cannot consent to agree to it. If I recollect aright,
my colleague proposed an amendment at the ses-
sion before the last, to pay all these claims, and I
think they were $1,200,000. Now, I will ven-
ture to say, despite the assertion of the Senator
from Maine, that at the time the act of 1853 passed,
there were not four men in either House of Con-
gress who imagined that under the words, " in
the same manner," they were voting over a mil-
lion of public money.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will give me time
here, I will prove that.
Mr. PUGH. I believe that I have said all that
I intended to say.
Mr. CLAY. In the few remarks which I sub-
mitted to the Senate, I stated that the construc-
tion put upon this section was in violation of uni-
versal legal piinciplcs; that it was in violation of
the universal course of Congress in respect to
pensions; that it was in violation of the universal
practice of the Pension bureau, at which no pen-
sion had ever been paid, except where the act spe-
cially so provided, for any time prior io the per-
fection of the proof: it was in violation ofa general
law of Congress, which declares that no pension
shall be paid, except where the law so specially
provides, until the proof is perfected; ami that it
shall commence from the time the proof-is per-
fected. I stated that the claim now preferred had
been rejected by three several successive Com-
missioners of Pensions. I did not state what I
now have discovered, that the same claim had
been rejected by the Committee on Pensions of
the Senate, and after we reported against it, it
was referred to the. Court of Claims, and after
their judgment m favor of it, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims of the Senate.
But, sir, the Senator from Maine maintained
that it was the understanding of the Senate, at the
time the bill passed, that it was to date back. I
understood him to go further and say that it was
so stated. I understood him to say that he so as-
serted. Now, sir, I have looked over the debate,
and I deny the assertion; and, on the contrary, I
will show the Senate that such an interpretation
was denied. I call the attention of the Senate to
the act. Here is the amendment proposed by the
Senator Irom Maine, and here is what he said
upon it. I read from the Congressional Globe,
the proceedings of January 3, 1853:
"Mi. Hamu.n. I have an amendment winch I wish to
offer to tins bill, which I triM will yive it strength. It is to
add the following additional section :
'*k Sue. —. slnd be U farther enaaed. That the widows of
all officers, J/ub-equfntij" modified by inserting cnon-com-
liuwonecl officers."] mu-ieian^, and privates, who weie
mained subsequent to January i. A. 1). 1800, shall be en-
niled so peii^iou-5 m th<% h.une m.umcx as those who were
man iert pnor to thai da\
The case wiucn I design to meet, apparent from tha
