htr-
26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
advertisement, inviting proposals in the ordinary
way. The objection heretofore urged against the
system of advertisement, thatirresponsible parties
•will underbid for the purpose of selling out for a
bonus to others who are able to perform the ser-
vice, will no longer hold as regards foreign lines,
since the act of June 27,1848, prohibits the trans-
fer of any contract for transporting the mail to a
foreign country.
In my last annual report I recommended an
appropriation for one year's extension of the mail
steamship contract on the Pacific, between Pan-
ama, San Francisco, and Astoria, in order that
the service by the connecting lines on the Atlan-
tic and Pacific sides of the Isthmus of Panama
might terminate simultaneously, as originally in-
tended by Congress. A specific appropriation
for this purpose was made in the act of June 14,
1858; bat as the fourth section of said act con-
tains the provision, also, above mentioned, that
the compensation under any new ocean mail
steamship contract shall be limited to the post-
ages on the mails so transported, the question
was raised as to whether this provision was in-
tended by Congress to apply to the proposed
extension of the Pacific mail steamship contract.
This question was submitted- to the Attorney
General, who decided that it could not have been
so intended; and accordingly the contract with the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, which expired
on the 1st of October, 1858, was extended, at the
same rate of compensation, to the 1st of October,
1859, the date of the expiiation of the contract
Oil this side of the isthmus; the company agree-
ing also to transport from tile Pacific terminus of
the Tehuantepec transit, to niul from San Fran-
cisco, all moils regulai ly conveyed between Now
Orleans and such Pacific terminus of the Tehuan-
tepec route, without additional compensation.
The New York and New Orleans Steamship
Company, running a line of steamers between
those cities, via Havana, heretofore carrying only
a ship-letter mail, have entered into contract with
the Department for senii-mmithly trips, except in
July, commencing 1st of August last, and to con-
tinue till 30th June, 18G0, at a compensation lim-
ited to the sea am! inland postages on the mails
transported. Up to liith November, six round
trips have been performed, the average pay per
trip amounting to j-,901!.
By the time the contracts for the California
lines, via Panama and Tehuantepec, expire, on
the 1st of October, 1859, it is probable that the
route by Lake Nicaragua will have been reopened,
and in successful operation. This presents the
question whether one, two, or all three of these
routes shall thereafter be employed for mail pur-
poses. The Tehunntepec route is the shortest
and most readily protected against interruptions,
but it. will be comparatively too new, and the line
of staging too long, to furnish with certainty ade-
quate ami satisfactory communication between
our Atlantic and Pacific possessions. While it is
destined, no doubt, to become a tiansit of the first
importance, and will deseive the highest patron-
age and encouragement, still it cannot supersede
the necessity of one or more routes through Cen-
tral America Indeed, every year is demonstrat-
ing that the United States may need, not only for
postal, but for commercial purposes of vast mag-
nitude, additional transit routes. The Panama
isthmus route is now used only under a contract
with the railroau company, who, in turn, hold it
by a charter granted by the local Government.
This company might, at any time, refuse to con-
tract with the United States, or its demands for
transportation might be so exorbitant as to amount
to a prohibition. After much controversy, the
Department has not, been aide to reduce the price
of transportation of the mails upon it below
$100,000 per annum, a price believed to be en-
tirely too high for only fofty-eight miles of rail-
road; and there will be the same exposure to ex-
orbitant demands upon the Nicaragua route, under
the direction of a private company. To relieve
the Department from a condition so dependent,
as well as to create a competition which might
prevent extortion, it is of the highest importance
that the route by Nicaragua should be reopened,
and its undisturbed use for the transportation of
the mails, passengers, troops, and munitions of
war, secured by the solemn guarantees of a pub-
lic treaty. Without this, in view of the unstable
condition of the local Governments of Central
America, the safety and security of transporta-
tion can hardly be relied on. Contracts given by
these Governments to individuals or companies,
in the absence of a regular treaty, under which,
if necessary, the power of the United States might
be invoked to enforce fulfillment, may be irregu-
larly, if not unjustly, revoked, and the Depart-
ment be embarrassed by the rival claims of con-
tending parties, unable to determine satisfactorily
with whom it should contract.
The late treaties with China and Japan, and the
rapid growth and vast mineral resources of Aus-
tralia, have made all the transit routes of Central
America of increased importance to the United
States. By them the Atlantic section of our coun-
try would be enabled equally with that of the Pa-
cific to participate in that Asiatic commerce which
made Tyre, Alexandria, Venice, and Genoa, the
market-houses of the world. It is the almost ex-
clusive enjoyment of this trade which makes Great
Britain the first commercial Power of modern
times.
The United States, from her mediate position
between Europe and Asia, and from her agricul-
tural productions, particularly those of cotton and
tobacco, ought now to participate largely in the
advantages of this trade. This she would be en-
abled to do by the free use of these transits, and
by the other communications already opened and
in successful operation between the Atlantic and
Pacific States, especially when these communica-
tions arn taken in connection with the establish-
ment of a steam mail line from San Francisco to
Japan and China. Such a line, it is confidently
believed, would draw to it not only the corre-
spondence and travel of our own country, but of
Great Britain and most of the continent of Eu-
rope. These, with its commercial profits, would
probably sustain it without any other subsidy
than the postages 011 the mails conveyed. After
the first three years, the Department feels confi-
dent that no subsidy whatever would be required
to sustain it. Before even three years will expire,
there is every probability that a line of telegraph
will be completed fiom San Francisco to New
York, and, indeed, to every important city on the
Atlantic. Such a line is already made, as we un-
derstand, nearly to the summit of the great Ne-
vada. Letteis wntten 111 England, and many
parts of the continent, are transmitted by steam-
ers to Boston, New York, &c., in from nine to
eleven days. They can be transmitted by tele-
graph to San Francisco in one or two days at
most, and thence shipped by the mail line to Japan,
and China, Australia, &c. No other mode of
communication can be as expeditious as this; and
such correspondence would, therefore,constitute,
with the regular full letter correspondence pass-
ing through this country, 110 inconsiderable ele-
ment for the support of such a line. It is a very
singular fact that the Minister from Japan to the
United States, instead of coming eastward direct
to Snn Francisco, anil thence to Washington, is
expected to go to England by the Isthmus of Suez,
and thence to take passage to the city of New
York. So our Ministers to China must go and
return by the same circuitous route. The prob-
ability that by suitable exertions much of this
trade, travel, and correspondence can be made to
pass over this continent, is to be found in the
strenuous exertions now making by Great Brit-
ain to sccurc the same through her own Canadian
possessions. Thisnvalry of effortis for the great-
est commerce of the world, and should call forth,
as doubtless it will, the energies of both nations
to secure such portions of it as each shall think
itself fairly entitled to receive.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, AARON V. BROWN.
Postmaster General.
To the President of the United States.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Department of the Interior,
December 2, 1858.
Sir : In the administration of the Interior De-
partment, there is no subject of greater magnitude
or of deeper interest to the people of the United
States, than that of the public lands. Our sys-
tem of disposing of them is the most just and
equal, and, at the same time, the most conducive
to their rapid settlement and reclamation from a
wild and unproductive state, that has ever been
devised by any Government which has possessed
extensive tracts of uncultivated land. It is a sys-
tem peculiar to the United S&tes, and is based
upon the simple butjust principle, that, as the pub-
lic domain is the property of the people of all the
States collectively, any individual desiring to ap-
propriate to himself any particular portion of it,
is allowed to do so by paying into the common
Treasury a moderate consideration.
Large grants have been made by Congress,
from time to time, to several of the States, of por-
tions of the public lands lying within their re-
spective limits, to be applied to public uses. The
principle on which this has been justified is, that,
as a landed proprietor, the United States receives
full remuneration for the grants in the enhanced
value and more ready sale of the residue of the
public lands, resulting from the execution of the
respective trusts by the several States.
With but few exceptions, grants have never
been made to individuals, except as a remunera-
tion for meritorious services, or for the public
benefit.
In our earlier legislation provision was made
for passing the title to individuals for limited
quantities of land, embracing their improvements,
when their only claim of title was possession or
settlement at or prior to certain dates. This pol-
icy, which grew out of the peculiar condition of
French, Spanish, and British settlements, was but
temporary, applicable to certain circumstances,
and regarded as a measure of justice, and for
quieting titles, rather than as a donation of lands.
In Florida, however, and in the Territories of
Oregon, Washington, and New Mexico, not only
was provision made for the allowance of the
claims of settlers, who were then upon the pub- '
lie lands, without the payment of a consideration,
but donation grants were offered to persons who
should emigrate and settle within specifiedperiods
of time. Such donations, though inuring to in-
dividuals, were made as a means of public de-
fense, and were believed to be well calculated to
promote the military strength of distant settle-
ments exposed to the hostile attacks and preda-
tory visits of Indian tribes; but, as a measure of
public policy, it has proved fallacious, and ought
not to be renewed. These proffered donations
have always been coupled with the condition of
actual settlement and occupancy for a period of
not, less than four years; and the rights and ben-
efits accruing therefrom, though not alienable by
the settler, have been secured to his heirs in case
of his death. On account of the length of resi-
dence required, and the other conditions imposed
011 claimants, the result thus far has been, that
complications have arisen in determining titles,
and in these complications and consequent de-
lays the titles to the adjacent lands have been
involved.
The enterprise and fondness for change which
characterizes the frontiersman, too often make
him impatient of so long a residence before en-
joying the absolute control of his settlement, and
an improvident forfeiture of his claim is frequently
incurred.
Wherever the preemption laws are available as
a means of securing homes, the settlers will gen-
erally prefer to pay for their lands, and complete
their titles at once, rather than wait for years, and
then obtain their patents without the payment of
any consideration. This is made evident by the
fact that Congress has been constrained, from a
sense of justice to those who have sought to avail
themselves of the benefit of the several donation
acts, to pass laws for their relief, substituting
payments in cash in lieu of further continued res-
idence.
As an aptillustration of these views, I will refer
to the practical working of the donation system
in the State of Florida. The grant of land under
the act for the armed occupation of Florida, ap-
proved August 4, 1842, was limited to two hun-
dred thousand acres. The eagerness of settlers
to avail themselves of the benefits of this grant
is shown by the issuance of 1,321 permits for 160
acres each, which amounted in the aggregate to
211,360 acres.
