1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate St Ho. of Heps.
In the year 1844, a supplemental act was
passed, substituting cash payments for the con-
dition of the continued residence; and under the
original and supplemental acts only 116 claims
have been finally approved and patented, amount-
ing to 18,560 acres.
On the 1st of July, 1848, another act was passed
for the relief of those to whom permits had been
granted, dispensing with continued residence on
the specific tract. This act required the employ-
ment of an agent for the adjustment of this class
of cases; and ft appears that 283 claims under it
were approved and patented, amounting to 45,280
acres. There still remain 57 claims suspended
for various causcs, amounting to 9,120 acres—
and few, if any, of these will ever be carried into
patent; whilst there are 865 claims which have
been absolutely forfeited and canceled, amount-
ing to 138,400 acres. From the foregoing state-
ment it will be perceived that only about one
twelfth of the whole area proposed to be granted
has been sccured finally to claimants under the
acts of 1842 and 1844, (and a small portion of this
was paid for;) that not one fourth has been finally
secured under the relieving act of 1848; and that
more than two thirds has been wholly forfeited.
I have no hesitancy therefore in expressing the
opinion that a system of donations of this char-
acter, while it is not called for by the bom fide
settler, is unwise, unjust, unequal, and haught
with mischief. It lias embarrassed communi-
ties and retarded rather than accelerated settle-
ments.
Under our system of public sales and preemp-
tion rights, scttl< ments have been made on a se-
cure and permanent basis. The tide of emigra-
tion has rolled westward from the Atlantic coast,
driving the Indian before it, and leaving in its
rear flourishing States and prosperous communi-
ties, till it has now reached the heart of the con-
tinent; while from the shores of the Pacific, for
several years past, the enterprising pioneer has
been on his steady march eastward, exploring
unknown territory, and bringing to light the rich
mine and the prolific soil which the industrious
settler will soon occupy and improve.
The system yielding these results has been the
work of enlightened legislation extending through
half a century. It is peculiarly adapted to the
wants and characteristics of our people. It lies
at the foundation of our rapid progress as a na-
tion, has developed our physical resources, and,
in my opinion, needs no material change.
The report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, which accompanies this commu-
nication, shows the scope and magnitude of this
branch of the public service, and demonstrates
the promptness and energy with which its oper-
ations have been conducted.
During the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1858, there have been disposed of to individuals
9,607,058.46 acres of the public lands, of which
3,804,908 acres were sold for cash, yielding
$2,116,768;and 5,802,153acres were located with
military bounty land warrants.
Of the quantity sold for cash 817,529.35 acres
were sold at and above §1 25 per acre, and yielded
$1,150,166 73; whilst 2,987,397.11 acres were
sold at graduated prices, for which the sum of
$966,601 29 was received into the Treasury.
These figures show a greater diminution of
cash receipts from the sales of public lands than
was anticipated. But the condition of the people
in the frontier States and Territories was such,
that to bring lands heretofore unoffered into mar-
ket during the past summer was deemed oppres-
sive to the settlers thereon. The crops had, for
the most part, failed. In some localities sick-
ness, and in others floods, had occasioned losses
and distress, whilst the scarcity of money was
everywhere prevalent and paralyzing. Rut as a
longer postponement of the sales, it is believed,
would be prejudicial to the welfare and prosper-
ity of the respective communities, and as a lib-
eral indulgence has always been afforded to the
settlers upon unoffered lands, it is contemplated
to bring into open market several million acres
during the ensuing year.
The lands which have been sold and located
during the year were, in the main, for actual set-
tlement or cultivation.
On the 30th September, 1858, the quantity of
surveyed lands ready to be brought into market,
was 61,951,049 acres; and there were then sub-
ject to sale at private entry, at all the land offices,
over 80,000,000 acres.
Under the various acts of Congress, of 1847,
1850, 1852, and 1855, there have been issued
516,768 military bounty-land warrants, requiring
55,731,890 acres of the public domain to satisfy
them. Of these, 416,632 had been located, to the
30th September last, on 44,238,030 acres of land,
leaving outstanding 100,136 warrants, calling for
11,493,860 acres of land.
The report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office exhibits the progress now being made
in the several surveying districts, in the prepa-
ration of other and additional lands for sale; and
it may be confidently expected that during the
next calendar year the receipts from the sales of
public lands, and the quantities sold and located
will be greatly increased. It is estimated, that,
without some detrimental change in our system,
the income from this source will reach at least
$5,000,000.
By the acts of Congress of March 2, 1849, and
September 28,1850, those swamp and overflowed
lands in the several States in the Union, made
thereby unfit for cultivation, which remained un-
sold, were granted to the States, respectively, to
enable said States to reclaim all the swamp and
overflowed lands within their limits.
The aggiegate quantity of land selected and re-
ported to the 30th of September last, as inuring
to the States under these grants, is 55,129,402.13
acres; of which theic have been approved avid
certified to said States, under the act of 1849,
7,379,994.23 acres; anil under the act of 1850,
33,543,187.38 acres; making an aggregate of
40,923,181.61 acres.
Patents have been issued under the act of 1850
for 28,716,834.11 acres; and if to this quantity we
add the 7,379,994.23 acres embraced in the certifi-
cates issued under the act of 1849, which have the
same effect as a patent, we shall have an aggre-
gate of 36,096,828.34 acres, for which a complete
title has passed to the States.
These munificent grants, if wisely applied by
the respective States, will enable them to reclaim
and open to settlement and cultivation the most
fertile lands lying in the valley of the Mississippi,
which, had they been retained by the United
States, and left in their natural condition, would
have retarded the growth of the country for anin-
definite time, being unavailable for production,
and a fruitful cause of disease and death.
Duimg the Thirty-Fourth Congrfss several
acts were passed making grants of public lands
to the States of Iowa, Alabama, Florida, Louis-
iana, Wisconsin, Michigan, Mississippi, and
Minnesota, to aid in the const! uction of certain
railroads within these States, respectively.
These grants were made in 1856, principally,
and about the time of the passage of the various
laws, appeals were made to this Department to
close the local land oifices, and withdraw from
market the public lands which, it was supposed,
would be likely to fall within fifteen miles of the
proposed roads. This request was acceded to;
and when I took charge of the Department of the
Interior, I found a very large amount of lands
in the States mentioned thus withheld from sale
and settlement. The grants made by Congress to
States, so far as accepted, have been transferred
by them to railroad companies. Desirous of al-
lowing the companies every reasonable facility
in availing themselves of the full benefit of the
bounty of Congress, yet believing the continued
withdrawalof the lands from market for any great
period of time would operate injuriously upon
other interests in those States, notice was given
that a reasonable time would be allowed the com-
panies to locate the routes definitely, and in the
event of their failure to do so, the suspension of
the lands would be removed.
The length of the railroads provided for, under
the legislation of the Thirty Fourth Congress, m
the several States mentioned, so far as the grants
therefor have been accepted, is, as ascertained,
partly by estimate, 4,649| miles, and the quantity
of land which will pass to the companies amounts
to 11,789,687 acres.
Of the lands which had been withdrawn from
market, more than 18,590,000 acres have been re-
\\ stored since March 3,1857, and it is expected that
' additional quantities will be restored early in the
,' year 1859.
! It is now satisfactorily ascertained that mines
' of the precious metals are to be found in the
I Territories of Washington, Oregon, New Mex-
, j ico, and Kansas, and the time has arrived for the
I Government of the United States to adopt some
' definite policy as to its mineral lands. Under the
' act of March 3,1858, providing for the survey of
the public lands in California, the surveyor gen-
eral is prohibitedfrom laying off, by subdivisional
lines, those townships of land which are mineral.
The several laws securing the right of preemp-
tion to actual settlers specially provide that this
right shall not attach to mineral lands; and when
mineral lands have been sold special provisions
have been made for the disposal of them. The
question presented is, shall these mineral lands
be forever withheld from market, and kept open -
for all persons who may desire to work them and
gather their rich products, or shall they, like ag-
ricultural lands, be surveyed and sold, and thus
pass into the ownership of individuals? This
, question is interesting and of great moment; and
, 1 submit whether it would not be a wise and sound
policy at this time to pass a general law reserving
all auriferous, silver, and cinnabar mines—the
precious metals—from sale, for the use and occu-
pancy of the people of the United States, under
such regulations as Congress may presenbe, and
leaving those lands containing coppcr, iron, lead,
and coal—the useful minerals—subject to the ordi-
nary laws of settlementand sale for their develop-
ment The extent of these defies estimate, and
■ gives assurance to our people, in the future, of
unbounded wealth.
Peace and quiet have been restored to Utah, and
some additional legislation will be required to
place its inhabitants on an equality with those of
the other Territories.
The organic act provides that the Constitution
and laws of the United States, not locally inap-
plicable. shall be in full force in said Territory,
it is an unsettled question whether this general
' provision, unsupported by any other act of legis-
lation, secures to the settle* s upon the public lands
, in Utah the rights and benefits of the several pre-
emption laws. In that Territory we have already
more than two million acres returned as surveyed
■ and ready for market. Occupants are upon these
land", and want to obtain titles to their homes;
and I submit whether it would not be an act of
justice to the people of Utah to establish in that
Territory a land office, and at the same time, in
express term*, extend the preemption laws, so as
to embrace all th<> inhabitants residing withm its
limits.
By the treaty of 1838 with the several tribes of
New York Indians, a tract of land lying in the
southern part of Kansas, and containing, by es-
' timute, 1,824,000 acres, was reserved and set apart
■ for the future home of those Indians. Nine dif-
;, ferent tribes were parties to this ti'eaty, and it was
stipulated and agreed that such of the tribes as
: did not accept end a<rree to remove to the country
set apart for their future hrunes, withm fivo years,
, should forfeit to the United States all interest in
; lands so S'-t apart. Twenty years have elapsed,
, and no one of these tribes, as tribes, lias accepted
the conditions of the treaty. Individual mem-
;! bers of the tribes, however, have removed, and
'] are now settled upon this reservation. Accord-
;! ing to the estimate made at the date of the treaty,
:I the quantity of lands reserved was sufficient to
ailot each soul of all the tribes three hundred and
■ twenty acres of land. Although the Indians, as
,, tribes, have forfeited all claim to the tract of land
I reserved for them, yet those who have removed
■ are m equity entided to their pro rata share. A
■; due regard "to the welfare and prosperity of the
"Territory of Kansas demands that these lands
. should be surveyed and opened to settlementand
■1 sale. Indeed, a large number of settlements has
i! already been made within the limits of the reser-
II vation, and the people are anxious to acquire titles
;j to their homes. Justice to the resident Indians
ij cannot be done without congressional aid, and I
recommend thfc passage of a law securing to the
jj emigrant Indians the amount of land to which
'j theymaybe equitably entitled, and declaring the
i! residue public lands open to settlement.
