28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
35th Gong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Under the acts of Congress making appropria-
tions for the Post Office Department, approved
March 3, 1855, and March 3, 1857, preemption
rights arc secured in certain cases to mail con-
tractors. Great difficulty and embarrassmenthave
arisen in the execution of these laws, and that
interpretation has been adopted,as most consist-
ent with the terms as well as with the obvious
design and meaning of these laws, which confines
the benefit of the act to those routes extending
through the Territories, from the line of the States
west of the Mississippi river to New Mexico,
Utah, or points on the Pacific slope. By allow-
ing the first contractors the rightof purchase, and
therefore of exclusive control of the best locations
for stage stands, which may be established along
the great lines across the continent, it is appre-
hended that great embarrassment will arise m the
future. It is suggested that these laws may be
changed with great advantage to the service. If,
instead of allowing contractors the right of pur-
chase, limited quantities of land, at proper dis-
tances, were reserved for the use of the postal
service along these routes, by which each succes-
sive contractor should have the use and control
of the reservations during the continuance of his
contract, and no longer, it is believed that in the
future letting of contracts a great economy would
be cffcctcd for the service; and I cannot but com-
mend such a change in the law to the favorable
consideration of Congress.
Much labor and perplexity have grown out of
the execution of the graduation law, approved
August 4, 1854. The third section of that act
required the party applying to make an entry at
the graduated price; to make affidavitt% that he or
she enters the same for his or her own use, and
for the purpose of actual settlement and culti-
vation, or for the use of an adjoining faun or
plantation owned or occupied by him m hei-
seliV'aiid that tc together with said entry, ho or
she has not acquired from the United States, un-
der the provisions of this act, more than three
hundred and twenty acres of land." It is idle to
make these requirements and not enforce them;
and, therefore, the action of the Land Office has
been to require proof of a compliance with the
conditions of the law before delivering the pat-
ents to the respective claimants. Purchasers neg-
lect or fail to make the proof in very many cases;
hence suspensions become numerous, and prog-
ress with businoiis is prevented, to the injury of
the citizen and the Government. On the 3d of
March, lt>57, Congress interposed, and confirmed
all the entries made at graduated prices prior to
that date, with a few exceptions, to the great relief
of the claimants and the Land Office. Since then
other similar entries have been allowed and in
regular order carried into patents, which hove
been forwarded to the local officers for dehveiy,
upon satisfactory proof being adduced of a com-
pliance with the terms of the low.
It is believed that, the graduation law will con-
tinue to prove a fruitful source of fraud mid an-
noyance, unless some change is made in its terms.
Congress should require proof of settlement and
cultivation prior to the admission of the entry, or
should release the purchaser from the conditions ;
now imposed,
INDIAN ATl'AIUK. !
For full information in respect to our Indian
relations, I refer you to the repoit of the Com- •
missioner of Indian Affairs, and the accompany- 1
mg reports of the different superintendents and •
agents. i
During the past year there has been much ex- |
citement amomr the wild tribes in the interior of
the continent. The withdrawal of the troops from
the militaiypostson the frontier,and their march ■
through the Indian country to the Territory of I
Utah; the passage of the many supply trains of j
great magnitude, with theit%iunierou.s attendants, i
over the long route to the same destination; and |
the discovery of new gold mines in the Territories j
of New Mexico, Kansas, and Washington, and j
in the British possessions adjacent to our north- j
ern boundaries west of the' Rocky Mountains,
have set m motion a large class of adventurers,
who have traversed extensive tracts of country
heretofore untrod save by Indian tribes. The
opening of three wagon roads, and the establish-
ment of the overland mail routes across the con-
tinent, have presented new inducements and facil-
ities for traveling over the plains of the interior;
and all these causes combined have had no little
influence in disturbing our amicable relations with
those nomadic tribes, that subsist almost exclu-
sively upon the spoils of the chase. Although
acts of hostility have resulted in some localities,
it is a gratifying fact that, with trifling exceptions,
the tribes with which we have, existing treaty stip-
ulations hove kept their faith, and have enjoyed
a season of peace and comparative plenty.
When the exigencies of the service compelled
the War Department to withdraw the troops sta-
tioned among the tribes on the frontier, our agents
expressed serious apprehensions of outbreaks;
but those fears have for the most pait proved
groundless. In those cases in which the ill-feel-
ing of some, and the dishonesty of others, have
led to open hostility, our gallant army,by a timely
chastisement, has taught the delinquents a lesson
which will not soon be forgotten. Conquest has
thus paved the way for the introduction of our
policy of peace, on which rests the only hope of
the friend of the red man that there is any good
in store for him and his posterity.
With the exception of the marauding bands
that wander about the boundary between the
United States and Mexico, towaids whom we
should pursue an energetic and decisive policy,
the great mass of the ludians are now m a con-
dition and temper to inspire the hope that in-
creased success will crown the efforts now making
for their improvement.
.They are becoming too well acquainted with
our power to be willing: to measure their stiength
with uson the battle field. A wholesome fear of,
and respect for, our Government have been in-
spired, and they will not, as tubes, wantonly in-
cur our displeasure. The sword is effectually
opening the way for the plowshare, and little now
remains to be done to secure perpetual nrnity with
the several tribes, and give fair scope to their
growth in civilization, except to have a full and
explicit understanding with them, and to prevent,
if possible, their being misled by lawless and dis-
honest white men.
In all our dealings with the Indians, in our
treaties, laws, and policy, the end sought to be
attained has been the welfare and elevation of the
tace; to induce them to abandon their thriftless
life and barbarous manners, and adopt the faith
and practices of the Christian. Our success, thus
far, has not been commensurate with our efforts
and expenditures; but it cannot, with truth, be
said that the attempt to civilize the Indian is al-
together a failure.
In reviewing the past, it is easy to point out
errors which have been committed, but difficult
to designate a general policy which, in all respects,
would have been better, and the introduction of
a new system, atany time, would not be without
its diawbacks and difficulties.
A due regard to the interests of our own people
has compelled the Government to remove the In-
dian tribes originally inhabiting the middle, south-
ern, and western States, to habitations further
west. In some instances one removal has followed
another; change has succeeded change; and this
unsettled state of affairs has been detnmcntal to
the progress of the tribes in civilization, and an-
tagonistic to the efforts made to convert the In-
dian from the ways of his forefathers to the faith
and habits of our own people.
When new reservations have been assigned to
tribes, too often the boundaries allowed have been
disproportionately large, and their situation has
thus invited them to^continue the hunter life.
Their extensive domain has been held in com-
mon, and therefore separate individual property,
so essential to individual cxcition and general in-
dustry, has been comparatively unknown among
them. The heavy annual largesses that have
been given to some tribes, when divided among
their people at stated periods, amount to a stipend,
which without furnishing an adequate support,
is yet large enough to destroy their self-reliance,
repress such industry as physical want might
otherwise compel, and create a taste for profliga-
cy, which strengthens their natural aversion to
constant labor or employment.
These characteristics of our past policy should
ed. Separate lands should be assigned to individ-
uals, without the power to alienate or incumber
them; and money annuities should be expended
for the common good, instead of being divided
per capita.
Upon this line of policy this Department has
acted in the negotiation of the recent treaties with
the Pawnees, Poncas, and Yancton Sioux, and
in the administration of the Indian service gen-
erally, so far as the provisions of existing trea-
ties will admit. It is now proposed that Congress
shall authorize the substitution of iftechanical and
agricultural implements, seeds, clothing, house-
hold furniture, and other articles necessary to
industry and comfort, and the application of funds
to educational, charitable, or civil uses, in lieu of
payments in money, in all cases where such sub-
stitution is practicable and believed to be condu-
cive to the welfare of the Indians.
The Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws, and
Creeks, have regular governments, and give evi-
dent proofs of progress. The Choctaws have
recently passed through an exciting and violent
political contest. A regular convention had met
and framed a constitution, and without submit-
tingits adoption to a popular vote, the convention
had undertaken, in the exercise of its delegated
sovereignty, to declare the constitution thus
framed to be in full force and effect.
The government under this constitution went
into operation by the election and qualification of
all the necessary officers, and the Department had
recognized the authorities thus constituted by
paying into their hands the,annuities due the
nation. Opposition to this constitution, however,
arose. A new convention was called together
without authoiity of law; another constitution
was framed, and the advocates of the movement
claimed to have the support of a majority of the
Choc,taw people. Civil war was impending, and
both puriics appealed to this Department for sup-
port. The superintendent, acting under instruc-
tions, was enabled, by sustaining the regular gov-
ernment, constituted in pursuance of law, to effect
a reconciliation of pai ties by procuring from the
recognized authorities such concessions asproved
satisfactory to the revolutionists, and thus peace
and harmony were restored to this interesting
community.
Hy the treaty with the Creeks, concluded in
J85G,a portion of their country was set apart for
the exclusive occupancy of the Seminoles, and an
appropriation was pledged for the expenses of
removing that portion of the Seminole tribe then
still remaining in Florida m a state of hostility.
For more than twenty yeais a few waniors of this
tribe had baffled the energetic efforts of our army
to effect their subjugation and removal. Millions
had been spent, and many valuable lives sacri-
ficed, but still they eluded capturc,and could not
be induced to remove and unite with their breth-
ren west of the Mississippi river. In this con-
dition of things, Colonel Rector, the southern
superintendent, was instructed to take with him
the agents of the Creeks and Seminoles, with a
delegation of leading men of each tribe, and visit
the everglades of Florida, and, if possible, effect
the removal of these desperate refugees. With
great tact and fidelity he carried out his instruc-
tions, and succeeded in inducing all the leading
warriors to abandon their fastnesses, smoke with
him the pipe of peace, and accompany him to the
country set apart for them and their brethren.
One hundred and sixty-four were thus lemoved,
and immediately it was proclaimed that hostilities
were at an end.
The economy with which this immigration was
effected, reflects great crcdit upon the officer who
was intrusted with its management. He has been
instructed to return to Florida this winter, and
remove a scattered remnant still left behind, who
have made known their willingness to join their
friends in their new home.
There is nothing which has so often disturbed
and destroyed our amicable relations with the
more remote tribes, as the failure on our part to
comply with promises and agreements made by
officers and agents, whom the Indians have re-
garded as duly authorized to speak for our Gov-
ernment. To this cause we must, for the most
part, ascribe our recent difficulties with the In-
dians m Washington Territory. Treaties had
