30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
their fraudulent claim. They are generally a class
of men who have managed to maintain respectable
names in the communities in which they live, so
that nothing but the most convincing proof, fur-
' r nished from the records of the office, can satisfy
the juries of their guilt. Public justice and the
fair reputation of the Government alike demand
that these offenders should be brought to condign
J, punishment.
The recommendations made in my last annual
report respecting theequalizing of Army and Navy
pensions, the extension of the statute of limita-
tions in cases of frauds attempted and perpetra-
ted upon the Pension Office for the procurement of
land warrants, and the passage of a statute to pre-
vent and punish the forging of land warrants, are
respectfully renewed.
For the greater protection of the recipients of
\ land warrants, a law should also be passed making
' it penal to forge or counterfeit an assignment of
the same.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings presents a view of the operations of this
branch of the service during the last year, and of
the expenditures made under the supervision of
' that officer.
The west wing of the building occupied by the
Department of the Interior, and the improvements
around it, have been completed in a handsome
and acceptable*manner. The construction of the
north front is progressing satisfactorily, and when
finished the entire structure will rctlcct much
credit, not only upon the author of the general
design, but also upon the skill of those employed
in its execution. The estimated cost of this por-
tion of the building was $450,000 without a por-
tico, or $535,000 with a portico. The aggicgate
amount of $400,000 was appropriated by the
Thirty-Fourth Congress for tins purpose. It is
now estimated that to complete the building with-
out the portico, to grade and inclose the grounds,
and to lay off and improve the interior court, an
additional appropriation of $50,000 will be suffi-
cient.
The Constitution of the United States confers
upon Congress the exclusive legislative control
over the District of Columbia, but does not allow
its inhabitants any voice in its deliberations
This terruoiy, m extent originally ten miles
square, reduced to its present limits by n retro-
cession to the State of Virginia of so niueh as
lies west of the Potomac, consists ol three dis-
tinct divisions, each governed by its own peculiar
laws and regulations; Georgetown, incorporated
prior to the war of the Revolution, but who^e
powers and limits have since been confirmed and
enlarged by various acts of legislation; Wash-
ington city, set apart by the President, " for the
permanent seat of the Government of the United
States," under authority of the act of IGth July,
1790, and reported to Congress as such by General
Washington, on the Kith becember, 1791; and the
country outside the boundaries of these cities, but
withmthe limits of the District. ThatCongress
has not been unmindful of the obligations thus
resting upon it, it. is evident from the very liberal
appiopnations which have, from time to tune,
been made for the embellishment of th#  national
capital More than twenty-four million dollars
have already been expended from the Treasury
for public buildings and other purposes, and
improvements are now in progress, to complete
which large additional amounts will be required.
In addition to the public buildings, the United
States still retains divers lots, squares, and res-
ervations in the city of Washington, which, at
the assessed value, are worth ยง13,412,293 36.
Under such circumstances, the people of the whole
country must ever feci adeopand abiding interest
in the prosperity and progress of their metropolis.
With a view to the good government of the peo-
ple of the District of Columbia, Congiess, at an
early day, reenacted the laws of Maryland then
in foice, and it has since, as occasion seemed to
require, passed others for their benefit, and pro-
vided the means necessary for their,enforcement.
As regards the cities of Georgetown and Wash-
ington, the inhabitants have also, by special en-
actment^, been authorized to provide for all mat-
ters of local interest within their respective limits.
The corporate authorities of each have b&en in-
vested with full and unrestricted power to levy
and collect taxes, and to expend the same in any
manner which, in their judgment, may conduce
to the health and improvementof their cities, and
the general good and prosperity of the whole of
the people thereof.
Tne past legislation of Congress has been ex-
amined with some care, to ascertain if possible,
whether any fixed or determinate line of policy
has ever been adopted in reference to objects of
appropriation within the city of Washington ;
what class of improvements Congress has under-
taken to make, and what has been left for the
city. But the search has been in vain, or, rather,
Congress has from time to time made appropria-
tions for almost every conceivable object. Public
squares and open spaces have been inclosed and
improved, streets and avenues have been graded
and paved, lamps have been lighted along them
and are still kept burning, shade trees through-
out the city have been planted and protected,
sewers and drains have been constructed and
kept open, a police force has been maintained un-
der the control of the Mayor of the city, the por-
tion of the City Hall in which the circuit and
district courts are held has been paid for, the jail,
the penitentiary, the infirmary, several engine
houses, and the armory have been built, and the
bridges across the Potomac and Eastern Branch
have been erected and are still kept up by appro-
priations from the Treasury of the United States.
With this record of pastlegislation, it. is but natu-
| ral that the people of the city should turn their
eyes to Congress, and not to the city authorities,
when any appropriation is needed or de&iied for
additional improvements of a public character.
Hence, petitions have been presented repre-
senting the various wants of the city, and con-
cluding with the request that, in the regular an-
nual estimates required to be laid before Congress,
items may be included for inclosing and improv-
ing Franklin square, and the triangular spaces
along Pennsylvania avenue, the opening of cer-
tain streets, the extension of the City Hall for
the accommodation of the criminal court, tin* elec-
tion of a more secure and commodious jail, and
various other objects. I have not, however, felt
at liberty to comply with these requests, but have
restricted the estimates for the next fiscal year to
the actual requirements of existing laws, and to
those usual and regular appropriations which
have annually received the sanction and approval
of Congress. Yet 1 am satisfied that, if some
definite understanding could be reached, by which
the corporate authorities could know what ex-
penditures they are expected to make, and what
fairly and justly devolve upon the General Gov-
ernment, the future prosperity and improvement
of the city would be greatly promoted.
The subject is environed with difficulties; but
still, for all* practical purposes, Congress could, if
so disposed, adopt some intelligible line of policy,
which would save the representatives of the peo-
ple from those complaints winch are so often
made, of their neglect in respect to these matters,
j The squares and open spaces belong to the Uni-
ted States. The city authorities have never been
empowered to enter upon and improve them with-
out the consent of the President or Congress. As
they are the propeity of the Government, any
improvements made upon them will, of course,
mure to its benefit; consequently, they should be
paid for by it; and, as soon as the condition of
the Treasury will admit of the expenditure, I rec-
ommend that they all be inclosed and handsomely
improved. On the conliary, the opening of streets
and avenues, grading, paving, and lighting the
same, the constructing of sewers and drams, the
erection of markets, the support of a police, and
whatever may be necessary for the health and
cleanliness of the city, properly belong to the city
authorities, and the expenses growing out of them
should be raised by taxation in the usual manner.
Whether the Government, as a property-holder,
should contribute to these ends m proportion to
its interest in the city, is a question which ad-
dresses itself exclusively to the discretion of the
National Legislature.
The addition to the City Hall for the accom-
modation of the criminal court, and the erection
of a new jail, are subjects which commend them-
selves to the attention of Congress. Such build-
ings are usually erected by the people of the lo-
cality for whose convenience they are required,
and in the present instance they are the best
judges of the necessity of additional accommoda-
tions. There is, however, at present, no means
by which the views of the people of the entire
Districtcan be taken in reference to these matters,
nor, indeed, for raising by taxation the amount
required for the improvements suggested, should
Congress direct them to be made at their expense.
Under these circumstances, therefore, the im-
provements. if made, should be made at the ex-
pense of the General Governmen t; or a law should
be passed, creating a court ,or tribunal clothed-
with power to levy the necessary taxes on the
whole District to meet the expense, as it would
be manifestly unjust to require the people of
Washington to defray the-entire cost of objects
equally used by, and useful to, the people of
Georgetown and those living outside the limits of
either city.
The third annual report of the board of visitors
of the Government hospital for the insane, and
the report of the superintendent of that institution,
who also acts as architectural superintendentand
disbursingagontin the construction of the edifice,
are herewith communicated. At the beginning
of the lastfiscal year, July 1,1857, there remained
in the hospital 110 patients. During that year, 43
were admitted and 36 discharged, leaving, on the
1st of July, 1858, J17 inmates. Of the whole
number remaining and admitted into the institu-
tion during that year, namely, 153, 27 were from
the Army, 13 from the Navy, 111 from civil life,
and 2 fiom the Soldicis' Home. Of these, 132
wetc white, and 21 colored. Twelve were inde-
pendent or pay patients.
This institution was established by act of Con-
gress, in 1855, and its objects were avowed to be
" the most humane care and enlightened curative
tieatment of the insane of the Army and Navy of
the United States, and of the District of Colum-
bia." Plans for the building had previously
been approved by the Executive, and Congress
has recognized and sanctioned them; first, by an
appropriation of $110,721 for the erection of the
firstfoursections of the building, and, afterwards,
bv an appropriation of ยฃ>138,673 for the erection
of the center and thiee sections of the wings. The
first four sections have been completed, furnished,
and occupied for nearly four years. The appro-
priation for the center will be sufficient to complete
that portion of the building; and an estimate is
now submitted for furnishing it. The completion
of the whole building, according to the design
originally adopted and approved, will require a
further appropriation of $76,111. To arrest the
work at this time would be followed by some sac-
rifices, if the plan is ever to be carried out, and,
for the present, prevent the necessary permanent
improvementof the grounds around the establish-
ment. Privacy and freedom from intrusion are
important elements in the curative treatment of
the unfortunate patients; and these can never be
attained to any satisfactory extent while the erec-
tion of the building is in progiess; and to secure
the objects of the institution, as it is now abso-
lutely necessary to occupy the portions already
completed, the workmen should be excluded as
soon as possible. The superintendent has shown
in the past such energy, economy, and efficiency
in pressing the work to completion, as well as in
the dischaige of all the duties of his position, as
entitle him to your confidence. The edifice when
completed, with all its conveniences and appli-
ances, will be a model of its kind, and will reflect
the highest credit upon the humane and liberal
policy of the Government.
It is gratifying to find, from the annual report
of the president of the Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind,
herewith transmitted, that its present condition is
much more prosperous than it was one year ago.
With the additional aid of ยง3,000, granted by
Congress at its last session, the debts which then
burdened it have been paid, and the maintenance
and tuition of its pupils fully secured. During
the year ending the 30th of June last, there were
in the institution eighteen pupils, twelve of whom
were mute and six blind. The receipts for the
same period amounted to $6,513 25, of which
$5,125 75 were contributed by the Government;
