1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
to the motion htfing mod'fied as he proposes, if
he does not want to get it up again at this session.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not want to get it up
during this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will be entered that the bill has been
postponed until to-morrow. The Chair hears no
objection.
JOSEPH C. G. KENNEDY.
The bill (S. No. 209) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy was read the second time,and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Joseph C. G.
Kennedy of the sum of $2,000, in full for dam-
ages doneto certain'buildings rented from him by
the United States for the use of th&Census office,
during their occupancy bv that office.
Mr. SLIDELLand Mr. FITZPATR1CK called
for the reading1 of the repoit.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by"Mr. Iverson, March 19, 1838:
The Committee on Claims. to whom was referred the
petition and jKipeiiS or Jo-eph U. G. Kennedy, report:
Tin^ chum is foi indemnity for cei tain damages? done to a
building while in the occupancy ol the United States, under
alea^e hom the claimant, lor the use ot the Ceiiy-us office. By
agieement between tlie propnetoi and the tiecieiaryof the
hitenot, the rent was nxed by John W. Maui j, late Mayor of
Wa-hn>!*ton. and W. A. llradley, Esq., late po.-tmastei, at
$1,mU per annum. The testimony ol several witnesses is
adduced to >-ho\v the condition of tlie budding when it was
sutrendered by the Government. Mr. J. £?. Oollmgsliead,
foi some time chief cleik of the Census office, deposes
that. " In all alterations and fixtures for the accommodation
ot the immense quantity of matter in the shape of returns,
&.c , the pr^eivation of tlie propeity was not consideied,
but the n alb neie peitoiated with nails tor -helving, &e.;
the paper, ol the most costly character, dotiojed; and tins
once beuutiiul hoii^o (lor the mteiioi was vetv finely fin-
ished) u a? left, s>o lai as the mieiior was. concerned, a per-
teet w reek.'" He further sa\ -aliat he does no] believe '-that
less thaii two thousand doLat* would place the building in
good condition as when the Government took possession
ol it." *
John W. Foinc.\j late Clerk of the House of Iteprescnt-
aiivpSjdeposes *k that h'- became the piopnetorof the bui^-
ings on Eighth htieet, Wa-lungton, pieuoiiviy occupied by
the Census office ; that the same were, when taken hy him,
m an untenantable and damaged condition, the walls beimj
much cracked, the papeung des>uo> ed, and the woodwoik
much mjiiied, the whole requiring thoiough renovation;
that to 11 inh'i the pieiru^es tenaniable and placc ihem in a
condition such as he deemed necewuy tor the eomfoit of
his family, he expended over three thousand dollar."'
Mt. Edmondvijn. a practical builder, staler that it could not
have b'-en ie->iored 10 the t>>n«itioo it wib in beiore the oc-
cupancy, for le^s than two 5 housaud dollai and Mi. Wood
stares it at eighteen bundled dollar.or inoie, ami thinks a
lem oi two months should be allowed to cover the fine of
repau-.
The eonuact between the Government and the proprie-
tor, us stated in the letter of tlie Hon. A. II 11. Stum t. Sec-
lctarv oi the 1 ut«'i 101. to tlie Hon. II. A. Ednynid-on, stipu-
late-, antoniM other rlnnc*, " that for any nijm> dfine to the
hou.-e. be\ond the oidmaiy wear and tea1, compensation
shall be made, by ie>toj tng it to tlie condition in which it
w.i- at the eomnif neeinent of the lea^e.''
Fiom all the te-tnmnjy in the case, tlie committee are of
opinion that the sum of yJ.UuO ought to be allowed ; and
lhe\ repoit a bill aeconbiigly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the gentleman who re-
poits tins bill, what rent did Air. Kennedy re-
ceive from the Government for this houwe?
Mr. IVERSON. I will answer the Senator
from Virginia. The rent was stipulated between
the Secretary of the Interior and the party, and
fixed by persons who were brought in as arbitra-
tors. The question of rent was referred to Mayor
Mauty and Mr. Bradley, and they fixed it.
Mr. HUNTER. But was it not fixed with
reference to the probable injuries that would be
done to the house, by using" it foi this purpose ?
Mr. IVERSON. No. Thctc was an inde-
pendent stipulation that the property should bo
restored in the condition m which it was, so far
as repair? were concerned; and that tlie Govern-
ment should be responsible for any damage or
injury to it. The committee looked at the whole
testimony, and were satisfied that the house was
injured at least to the extent of Mr. For-
ney testifies that it cost him £>3,000 to put the
house in a decent state, to be occupied by his
family; but we were not willing to allow that
much; we only propose to allow $2,000.
Mr. CLAY. If I am correctly advised, the
rent which was paid to Mr. Kennedy was ample
indemnity for all the damnge: for I understand Jt
was about twice as much as the house is rented
for, to a private individual; $1,730 was the rent
paid by thu Government. I understand that the
house is now rented by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] and he can tell us what ho
pays. ' _
Mr. IVERSON. I do not consider thai a mat-
ter of any consequence. If the Government paid
more rent than was deserved, that was the con-
tract which the Government entered into,and the
party was entitled to the benefit of it; but there
was another provision of the contract, that the
Government should restore the property to the
condition in which it found it. If the Senator
from Alabama wants to repudiate the contract of
the Government, of course I have nothing more
to say; but here was an agreement in writing that
the Government should pay so much rent, and
that rent was arbitrated and awarded by commis-
sioners, who were appointed for the purpose. He
certainly was entitled to whatever the Govern-
ment agieed to pay him; and the fact that he gut
more rent than he really deserved does not de-
prive him of the right to have his property put
back m its former condition, according to the con-
tract of the Government.
Mr. CLAY. I ask if the building was not in
his own care? whether he wfts not at that time the
agent of the Government, and engaged in taking
the census? and whether the building was not all
the time under his own caie ?
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not remember how that
was; but I am under the impression £fkt he did
not himself occupy the building. It was occupied
by the cleiks and other employes of the census
bureau, and, of course, was not specially under
his charge or direction. J do not think his office
was in the building, though I am not sure about
that.
Mr. STUART. It is said that the Senator from
Illinois is now occupying that building. I do not
think it exactly proper to inquire into his pnvate
affairs; but if he has no objection, 1 should like
to know what is the rent of that building since it
has been improved.
Air. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
should have any objection; but I think it is very
improper to call for information of that character
in this way in the Senate. I do not know what
the Senate has to do with any piivate contracts I
have made. I think it would be very improper
to make the passage of a bill here depend on the
rent a Senator may have to give for a house
which he occupies.
Mr. STUART. I say that is a matter in re-
spect to his private affairs; and unless the Settl-
or chooses to state it vohmtauly, I concede that
there is no right to call for it. It appears that
the Government paid $1,750 a year lent for this
house. Air. Alaury and Air. iiradiey, both of
them property-holders, with buildings to rent,
fixed the rent. 1 believe it is true, froo, that Mr.
Kennedy was the occupant. He certainly v.*as
the occupant of that building at some time during
the operations of the census arrangement, if he
was occupying his own house, and the Govern-
ment was paying him $1,750 a year rent, it does
become a pieuy important question whether dam-
ages can be claimed by him beyond the rent.
I listened to the leading of this report, and, if
I remember it correctly, theie is nothing in the
report which goes to show that the damage was
extraordinary. When the Government lents a
building for a particular purpose, the landlord
knows the purpose, and chaiges his lent accord-
ingly. The very fact that referees were called in
to decide this question goes to show that theou nor
of the building demanded a large rent, larger tlum
the Government officer was willing to pay; and
it was a Luge rent, because it was to be used for a
census office, and subject to this species of dam-
age. The report, I say, does not show, so fat as
I lemernber, that the damage was wanton, was
extraordmat y, was any mo; e than would be likely
to occur m us use for an office.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. Forney testifies that
when hu took possess,on of the house, immedi-
ately after tins, it cost him £3,000 m cash to put
it in a state of lepair; and other w ltnosseb testify
that the paper Was all torn down, the walls were
cracked, and there was evidence of extraordinary
injury done.
Mr. STUAIIT. I listened to the report. I say
the witnesses state the damage that was done to
the house; but there is no man who states that
that was an unusual damage for that sort <>f oc-
cupation. Now, sir, take a case: Suppose a man
chooses to rent his dwelling, that is worth $30,000,
for a carpenters and joiner's shop, does he not
know^the injury incident to that sort of business?
Suppose he chooses to rent it for a blacksmith's
shop; he knows when he rents it that, incident to
that business, there is large damage, and he fixes
his rent accordingly. I contend that the testimony
of Mr. Forney is entitled to very little weight in
deciding this question; not on account of his rep-
utation, for I should believe him as soon as I
would any other man; but Mr. Fojney bought
this house and fitted it up for his own individual
occupation, and, of course, when he did that, he
put it in elpsrmt repair.
Air. IVERSON. There is the testimony of
other witnesses who estimate the damages; one at
$1,800, and one at §2,000.
Air, STUART. I think I have not misappre-
hended the report at all. I listened to it with at-
tention. Mr. Forney, as is well known to gen-
tlemen who visited that house afterwards, fitted
it up elegantly, as a gentleman of his means and
taste would; and I apprehend that you will not
buy a second-hand hou'se in this city without
finding that, if U unnecessary to fit it up as he did,
it will coht you one or two or three thousand dol-
lars, to fit it up to your taste.
These seem to be the facts: that the Govern-
ment wished this house for an office for the cen-
sus bureau; that Air. Kennedy himself, during a
portion of the time, and 1 do not now remember
how long, was at the head of that buieau—it was
his houfc>e that was rented. There is no evidence
m the case that the injui y was extraordinary; there
is evidence that the lent was extraordinary; and
[ think the statement that is made in regard to the
contract is hardly sufficient. The report, as I
recollect it, says that the late Secretary of the In-
terior states in a letter to the Hon. Air. Edmund-
son, ot the House of Representatives, that there
was a provision in the contract that the Govern-
ment would be responsible for any extraordinary
damage done to the house. To make out such a
case as this, it certainly should be shown what
that contract was throughout; a copy of it should
bo here; and it should then be shown distinctly
that this damage was not such damage as would
naturally result from that kind of use of the build-
ing. I apprehend that no individual would pay
any damages upon any other basis than that; and
I would place the Government of the United
States upon the same footing precisely that I
would place an individual. It seems to me, there-
fore, that this is a ease which justifies the motion
1 make to indefinitely postpone this bill.
Mr. IVERSON. "I ask for the yeas and nays
on thai motion
Air. BENJAMIN. I submit to my friend from
Michigan, whether, perhaps, the more appropri-
ate motion would not be to icfer the question to
the Court of Claims. Here, is a claim under a
contract.
Air. STUART. If the Senator proposes that,
I witlidiaw my motion.
Air. BENJAM IN. This appears to be a legal
claim under a contract for a definite sum under a
stipulation, and therefore I move to refer the bill
to the Court of Claims.
Air. FESSENDEN. The Senator from A'lich-
igatt has himself furnished an argument against
that. He says the Court of Chums is nothing
but a committee: and if they examine and report
a ease here, it is only the report of a committee.
Now, it comes from a committee which is alto-
gether as respectable and able as the Court of
Chums, according to his view. I do not see why
you should want another committee. It is said
it is very likely the committee which has had it
under consideration has not examined the evi-
dence caiefolly. and is not satisfied. On the show-
ing of the Senator from Alichigan—and he is al-
ways veiy clear and conclusive in his arguments
—he almost satisfied me that he is right; that we
shall have nothing but a committee to report on
tins matter; and we have aheady a leport from
an able, careful, industrious committee of <rood
lawyers,quite equal to the Court ot Claims. Why
not pass it? Why send this man through another
ti ial ? I see no reason for it.
Air. CLA11K. There is a reason beyond this.
It is only a further step in the circumlocution of-
fice. it has been to the Committee on Claims;
now you are to send it to the Court of Claims;
they will examine it and send it back to you, and
you will send it again to the Committee on Claims,
