654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will ask the Senator
•who has just taken his seat, if the Committee on
Claims took any evidence in this case on behalf
of ti\e Government?
Mr. CLARK. I understand they examined
the case, and thoroughly satisfied themselves in
regard to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Were witnesses examined
on behalf of the Government?
Mr. CJLARK. We not call witnesses be-
fore the committee, but we examine the matter to
satisfy ourselves how the facts are, and get evi-
dence on both sides. We do not call any wit-
nesses to examine them in the committee-room.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know if it is
expected that the Court of Claims, in passing upon
a contract of the Government, shall take testi-
mony as to the legal effect of the contract?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Take testimony as to the
amount of the damage.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was in writing "before
the committee. The Senator from Georgia stated
the facts, and as he said, the bill allows the lowest
sum stated in the testimony.
The motion to refer the bill was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I renew my motion to post-
pone it indefinitely.
Mr, IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
yeas 16, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Chesnut, Clay, Clinginan,
Davis, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Tennes-
see, fteid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuait, Toombs, Trumbull,
and Waul— 1G.
NAYS—Me^rs. RelT, Brodnrick, Biown, Cameron >Clark,
Crittenden, Dixon, Duikee, Fe&semlcn, Fifeh, Foot, Fos-
ter, <3win,'U.tie, Harlan, Iver^on, Jones, Mason, IVaico,
Pugh, Seward, tiluckU, Siyuuons, Wilson, and Yuloe—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thiid
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
william e. Kendall's sureties.
Mr. HALE. It is about the usual time for ad-
journing, and I move the Senate adjourn.
Mr.SLlDELL. TheSenatorfrom New Hamp-
shire objected to the consideration of a bill the
other day, which he afterwards examined and
became satisfied that it was correct. It is the next
bill on the Calendar, and wiil occupy but a few
moments.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion for that
bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the hill (S. No. 237)
for the relief of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. But-
terworth.
Mr. HALE. As I objected to that bill the other
day, and several Senators have asked me to state
my views, I will state very briefly what the bill
is; and 1 am satisfied it is well enough to pass it.
The amount claimed against Mr. Kendall as post-
master *it New 01 leans, as the sureties were no-
tified, was $10,000, and they paid the whole of it;
and then he left tin; country. Afier he wei.t, and
the sureties had lost the power of reaching him,
they were notified that there was another balance
of |5,000 due; and the excuse veil for root having
attended to it before was that the clerk who made
out the first account was a drunken cleik. Now,
I want to surest, as a matter of public policy, that
if that extends to a very considerable degree in
the Departments, so that there are many drunken
cleiks, it would-be well for the heads of Depart-
ments to look to it; but in this particular case, I
think we should not visit it on the sureties; and
I am content to pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
THOMAS LAURENT.
Mr. PUGH. A bill was called up the other
morning by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Shields,] and objected to by cevoral Senaiors,
which 1 am confident, if I had been present to
make an explanation, would at once have passed.
It is a case of very gross haidship, where the
Government of the United States seized and con-
fiscated the property of certain subjects of Great
Britain, in the city of Mexico, the circumstances
being personally known to the Senator from Min-
nesota and to myself at the time. The United
States undertook to give these parties a title to
some property, when we had no right or title to
it whatsoever; and we received their money.
They have been turned out of possession of the
propert^, judgment having been rendered against
them in the courts of Mexico for the possession
and for damages. The survivor is stripped of
everything he has in the world, and he is now
here in circumstances of absolute distress. We
have this man's money to the amount of $15,000,
which we compelled him to pay in specie, in the
city of Mexico. It was suggested that the case
should go to the Court of Claims, but that is im-
possible, because the party's right of action is
not against the United States, but against General
Scott.
We know if General Scott was sued we should
order an attorney to defend him, and we should
pay the damages; that is, we should pay back the
purchase money and interest, and pay a lawyer
too; and as no two lawyers fioubt what the rule
of damage is, to wit, the purchase money and in-
terest on the failure of possession, why not do it,
at once ? I ask the Senate therefore, to take up
that bill which the Senator from Minnesota had
in his charge, Senate'bill, No. 334.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of that bill; for there has been
no greater hardship—1 think there has been no
greater outrage committed—upon any man in the
whole hi sffcry of the world, than in this particular
case. This man was utterly broken up m his
business by the action of our officers m Mexico.
He is here now in penury and want, almost a beg-
gar, and that by the action of your Government.
If you will only take up his bill and give it thirty
minutes consideration, I feel quite assured that
there is no member of the American Senate who
can vote against this relief.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it is a bad precedent
to set, to take a bill out of its order on the Cal-
endar, because if it is done in one case it will be
done m others. A case may always be stated
which appeals to the sense of hardship in the view
of the Senator who presents it, which, if elo-
quently done, as it can always be done by my
honorable fi tend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] of course
makes its impression; but it is much wiser to con-
fine ourselves to the Calendar in the older in which
it stands, and that removes any ground of com-
plaint on the part of any poison.
As regards the particular bill, I confess I am
not satisfied that we are responsible under any
circumstances. I am not satisfied that General
Scott is responsible. If G'meial Scott is respons-
ible, { am not satisfied still that we are responsi-
ble beyond the extent that he accounted to the
Treasury. General Scott charged himself with
$7,500 m his account, according to the report of
the committee. The sum that it is urged was le-
ceived, was $35,000. Distinguished as General
Scott is, if he has made himself responsible in an
action at law for $15,000, and has paid but $7,500
into the Treasury, unless some reason is f>iven to
u*<, I dn not hold that wo should be responsible.
The regular course would be, if the party has a
claim against General Scott, let him sue. Then,
if we think it proper to relieve General Scott in
case a judgment should be rendered against him,
it would be'proper to do so; but I cannot myself
assent to the doctrine that what is called the
poverty of the paily, the hardship of the party,
without a decision showing the liability of the
Government to remunerate him on some known
tangible principle, shall induce us to assume en
improper responsibility.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Delaware objected the other day that $15,000 was
not the sum received. I now hold in my hand
the letter of General Scott, admitting1 that he le
ceived $15,000, and that it was taken as prize of
war; that is, as public property. 1 ask for the
reading of this shoitnote.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Nl W OllF^AXv, J ,ru/l; > \j f>, ]p,">9.
I)i-:ir Sir: Your-* of JJoeembei 1.3. i- jut-i received.
In repl\, I have to state, that the miui oi .^LkUjO. to wlneii
vo.i icier a- lioni the .Lament, wa-. seized
In uk' n-i n piw of wat uj in\ capacity of general e<>ni-
niainli'",' m Mexico, and wa> applied to the u&e ot the Uni-
ted oiiue^.
1 remain, Willi high respect, jonr fnend and obedient
seivattt, W1NFIJJLO SCOTT.
Hon I fvfr:iy Johnson, Washington, D. C.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no difference of opin-
ion as to the facts, between the honorable Senator
from Minnesota and myself. I knew that Gen-
eral Scott had admitted that he received $ 15,000,
which he claimed as prize of war. It is said
now that this was an unlawful confiscation; but
General Scott, in his accounts to the Treasury,
credited the United States for but $7,500, and the
report shows it. Now, sir, if it was an unlawful
confiscation, and we are bound to pay for it, we
are only bound to pay the amount that was paid
into our Treasury; unless you mean to say that
an officer of the United States can unlawfully con-
fiscate property, and that the Government is re-'
sponsible *to the whole amount, when he only
accounts for one half.
Mr. BROWN. It seems to me that there can
be no difficulty about this matter 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I call gentlemen to or-
der. I suppose the merits of the bill are not now
the subject of discussion. The question is whether
we shall take it up.
Mr. BROWN. I am perfectly willing to have
it go off on that point; but other gentlemen have
been discussing the merits of the bill.
Mr. MASON. I do not like to interpose; but
I have sat here all day waiting for the pi ogress of
the call of this Calender, and we have very nearly
reached a case in which I, in common-with many
other Senators, feel an interest; and I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will not take up this bill out
of its order. Not saying a word on its merits, of
which 1 at present know nothing, I hope it will
not be taken up out of its order.
The motion was agreed to; feherc being, on a
division—ayes '<^3, noes 15; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 334) for the relief of
Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of the firm
of Benjamin and Thomas Laurent.
Mr. STUART. I do not intend to consume
the time of the Senate in discussing this question.
I listened veiy attentively, the otner day, to the
reading of the report which stated the facts in
the case; and it seemed to me to present, for the
consideration of the Senate, very important prin-
ciples. Tiie amount of this money is not so very
important. The case, as stated, is this: the Em-
peror, or President of Alexico, to defend the coun-
try in the time of the war against Mexico by the
United States, issued a decree confiscating the
church property, and there is nothing in the case
to show that that decree was without authority.
Mr. PUGH. It was revoked before execution.
That is proved clearly.
Mr. STUART. 1 will come to that. I say
there is nothing to show that that deciee was
one transcending his authority. A portion of the
property confiscated was this house and lot.
These Englishmen bought it under that decrce of
confiscation, and gave their obligations. Subse-
quently, Santa Anna becoming President of Mex-
ico, abolished the decree; and while Santa Anna
was President of Mexico, General Scott, of the
American Army, conquered the country, took the
city, and called upon these individuals to pay this
money to him as the conquering officer of the
United States. These aie tlie questions presented.
In the first place is it not true that the revoca-
tion of the first decree by Sinta Anna did not,
and could not affect rights acquired under the de-
cree ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable. Senator
allow me ?
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator permit me
' to get through ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Permitme to correct the Sen-
ator in a fact.
Mr. STUART. I would rather the Senator
would correct me when I get through; because,if
I am wrong1, my argument is good for nothing.
Mr. Sill ELDS. You arc wrong.
Mr. STUART. Again; had not General Scott,
according to the rules of war, as a conqueror, the
right to take any property, private or public, to
mnintain his army? He called upon these indi-
viduals to Ujay the amount of their bonds, $15,000,
to him, ana they did it.
Now, the question is upon this last proposi-
tion. Is the Senate prepared to establish the prin*
ciple that they will pay for private piopeity taken
from a citizen of a foiiiij>n country, with whom
they are not at war, in time of war, by the con-
quering army ?
Mr. PUGH. This was a British subject, not
a citizen of Mexico.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Ohio stig-
