1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
gests that this man was a British subject. He was
a resident in Mexico, and the owner of property
in Mexico, and subject to the laws of Mexico.
Now, sir, the point I make is, that, in the first
place, the decree was a valid onej and the case
shows that the property was purchased under
that decree. It is sa d that the courts of Mexico
have determined against the right of these claim-
ants to it. Suppose they have: how does that
affect the United States, if they have determined
against the rights of national law? These are the
questions,and the only questions, that idesire to
bring to the attention of the Senate; and not to
allow our sympathies, our feelings, for individ-
uals to induce us to establish principles here to-
day, that, in the future progress and history of
this country, will involve us m serious difficulty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
but a word to say, because I have been made to
feel very sensibly how impossible it is to get along
with this description of business, if, after the re-
port of a committee who have examined in their
room all the facts ai ising out of such claims, they
are to be subjected to critical remarks and long
continued debate here. I do not appreciate the
difficult and important questions which the gen-
tleman says may arise in the future to confront
us in like cases hereafter. It is easier to be just
than it is to be wise enough to discuss such ques-
tions—much easier to be just; and I prefer to be
so. We have received, by compulsion, fiom this
man, $15,000. Itjaas gone into the coffers of the
country, and been applied to the service of the
United States. The man has got nothing for it.
Now, shall we refund him this money, and he not
a belligerant, but a citizen of a country with
whom we were at amity during the time of this
war, and over whom war gave us no rig lit and
jurisdiction? Sir, the case cannot be made plainer
by me. I am for returning this man his money.
Mr. BAYARD. Hhink the honorable Senator
from Kentucky is mistaken as to one fact. Cer-
tainly, we have not received $15,000; it has not
gone into the Treasury, nor been applied to the
service of the eoimtry, and the repoit shows it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. CRlTfcENDEN. Let it be read.
Mr. BAYARD. Read it again. The report
shows thatGeneral Scottis charged in hisaccolints
with but $7,500 on this transaction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". That may be. Read his
letter.
Mr. BAYARD. lie collected it, but he never
credited the Government with more than $7,500.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But he applied it to the
use of the Government.
Mr. PUGH. I can explain that in a moment.
There was a fund in Mexico, made up of the pro
ceeds of the capture of property, and that was dis-
bursed umkr the mere sign manual of the general
commanding the army. This was considered as
spoil of war; it did not belong in General Scott's
account. He paid for spies, he paid forgetting
information, he paid for hundiedwof things not
embraced in his accounts. Nobody in the Sen-
ate, I suppose, believes General Scott would pat
$7,000 of tho public money in his pocket. He
says he received it and appropriated it to the
public use.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Ohio may know what occurred there better than
I do. I take the report as it stands. There is
nothing of that kind shown by the report of the
committee appointed to investigate this case. The
repoit simply shows us that$7,500 has been cred-
ited to the Treasury of the United States, and no
more. The report does not show us what became
of the other $7,500. Tf we were entitled to part,
we were entitled to the whole; and I cannot un-
derstand how this fund could be divided out in
the mode the honorable Senator from Ohio sup-
poses; and a fund made up from a varietyoi sources
to pay claims of winch we can know nothing. If
a portion of the particular money received was
credited to the Government, I can see no reason
why another part should go into a separate iund,
and not be credited to the Government. I mean
to say, that the facts are obscure to me as show-
ing any liability on the part of the Government.
1 am perfectly avflare that it is in vain, if you
get up an excitement here on a question of com-
miseration or poverty, to oppose a private bill.
It matters not what principle it goes upon other-
wise, it is like the rule which has been applied
by some judges to the statute of limitations—that
there is no statute of limitations against a widow
with six children. It is probably idle to contend
against this. We have a committee deliberately
reporting in accordance with the ordinary,almost
universal,usageof Congress, that in claims of this
kind where we make remuneration, especially in
a doubtful case in which no liability is established
upon any legal principle, we do not pay interest.
Very well; the committee reported, in accordance
with that usage, that we should refund the princi-
pal sum, although we have only received half bf
it; and the honorable Senator from Ohio, not-
withstanding the report of the committee, moves
to add interest from 1847; and yet on the face of
this report, taking it as it stands, it shows—the
matter may be small as regards amount, but it
may be important as regards the principle—that
these parties were not ousted from this property
when the American army relinquished the pos-
session of Mexico. That is not the time from
which interest is to commence. There is no evi-
dence that any damages were ever paid by them,
but simply that they lost possession of property
confiscated by their own Government, for which
they had given their bonds, and the bonds were
paitl to the American general. After the Ameri-
can army retired they lost possession of the
property, and 3*011 are asked to pay them inter-
est for a year and a half antecedent to the time
the loss occurred, although, during that period of
time, they were in possession of the property un-
der the authority of the American army, and no
damages have been paid by them for that posses-
sion, according to any proof in the case.
I only mention this as-showing how these bills
aie amended, and how they get along. Ratse a
question of commiseration, represent the man as
poor, and the principles connected with the case
are lost sight of altogether. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the pas&age of the bill.
The veas and nays wuie ordered.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that the amendmentallow-
mg interest ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe it is unprecedented;
and I ask for the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. PUGH. That amendment was concurred
in at the last session, I think. The bill is in the
Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. As the honorable Senator from
Delaware lays stress on the report, 1 will state
that, if he had examined the papers, he would see
that, during the internal to which he points, these
parties were compelled to pay rent to the Mexi-
can Government; to pay back rent. I do not want
to consume the time of the Senate; but the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan was wrong in fact,
and wiong m law. The same Congress that
passed this dccrce to confiscate the church prop-
erty, passwi a decree repealing it the same year;
and before the first decree was put into execution,
the second de'ciee repealed it, and restored the
property to the church.
Mr. BAYARD. As regards the question con-
nected with the rents paid for this property, 1 can
only take the report. 1 cannot examine the pa-
pers. I take the report of the committee. The
committee, m their report, make 110 allegation of
that kind, that there was any los«  sustained by
these parties except the deprivation of the posses-
sion of the property after the American army left
Mexico, i must take the report of the commit-
tee. I cannot take individual statements of an
honorable Senator, no matter what may be my
respect lor him, as to what the papers show, when
the committee report a state of facts different from
that. Tiicy allege the loss'to be simply a loss
arising Horn the possession having been taken
from the party after the American army had re-
tired. Nov/, &tr, I suppose they reported the facts
correctly when they had the papers before them.
I hope the qaistion will be taken as the honora-
ble Senator fiotn Virginia suggests: first 011 the
adoption of the amendment which was moved by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, and which was
not part of the original bill reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The question
is on concurring imthe amendment.
Mr. PUGH. If the yeas and nays are to be
taken on that amendment, I wish Senators who
may vote in the negative to understand that, as
between individuals, this is the rule of damages.
These men were turned out of their property;
they were condemned in damages. I do not care
whether the Senator chooses to iind it in th$ re-
port. The retord is here—the record of the Mex-
ican court. I have seen it, and reaJ it, since this
bill has been before the Senate. They were com-
pelled to pay rent to that convent back to the day
of the seizure of the property, back to 1847, and
they paid it. They paid rent to this convent,
whose property was wrongfully appropriated.
Now we have got their money, and we put our
hands in our pockets and keep the principal, and
propose to keep the interest too. As between two
individuals, it would be perfectly discreditable,
and no man who would do it, would be allowed
to associate with any Senator on this floor. Shall
the Government do it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: will the Senate concur in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole. On that question
the yeas and nays have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MASON. If I understand this bill aright
—and if I am wrong gentlemen will correct me—
this fund was found 111 the hands of certain Eng-
lish subjects, residents of Mexico, as purchase-
money of ieal estate, which they had purchased
under a decree of the Mcxic.an Government, or-
dering it to he sold in the nature of a confiscation.
Then, it is very clear tome, that although it was
in the hands of English subjects, it was Mexican
property, or it was money due to the Mexican
Government. Atlhat stage, that being the status
of it, General Scott laid his hands upon it as prop*
erty of the Mexican Government. He did right;
and the Mexican Government certainly have no
: claim against us; but afterwards, after the war
ended, and a new Government was instituted in
Mexico, they reversed the dccrce of confiscation
under which the property had been sold.
Mr PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. Gen-
eral Scott took the view which the Senator took
at the time of the order, but it afterwards turned «
out that the same Congress which had ordered
i the confiscation of the property of these convents,
1 at the same session revoked the order, drove out
i the former Government and installed a new Pres-
' ident, befoie the contract of the parties was exe-
cuted. Afterwards, the Mcxican Government
! lestored the authoiities of the convent to the pos-
session of the property, and compelled these par-
ties to attorn to them, and to pay rent to the con-
vent for the time they had occupied it. In point
; of fact, General Scott was mistaken when he
1 made the oider.
i Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
| allow me to ask him: does not the report show
that the property was sold and the bonds given
before the revocation of the decree of sale ?
Mr. SHIELDS. No.
Mr. PUGH. I have stated the case. I have
examined the papers very thoroughly.
! Mr. BAYARD. I move that the further con-
| sideration of this bill be postponed until Friday
I next. [" No, no!"]
! Mr. PUGH. That would amount to a defeat
| of the bill.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
j The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
■ reading; and was read the thud time.
The question being taken on its passage, by
yeas and nays, resulted, yeas 21, nays 12; as fol-
lows:
1 YEAS—Mo^r*. Benjamin, Brown. Cameron, Clark,
Ciuteiiden. Filch. Foot. Foster, Gwm. Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan. Ivei-on. Fu<.'h. Srvvani, Shield-5, Simmons. Thomson
01 N-nv Jt-ir-ov. Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—~l-
XAYS— Bayard, Clay, Davi*, Doolutle, Fit/.pat-
rick, Houston, Jluntei, Johnson of Tennessee,
iStuait, Toom!)<, and Tiumbuli—12.
| So the bill was passed.
! ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
J Mr. FOOT. I presume, Mr. Preside nt, that the
: Senate at this hour are disposed to suspend further
, action on the Private Calendar for to-day, and
therefore I desire to make an appeal to the Senate,
partly 111 my own behalf. There are upon the
special orders, $nd at the head of them, several
propositions most of them reported from the Com-
! mittee on Foreign Relations involving questions
