THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C, RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. €.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1859.
New Sbbies Nb. 42
Whole on the state of the Union, and lay that
motion to reconsider on the tabl&.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
-Whole oil the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
TERRITORY OP JEFFERSON.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, in pursuance
of previous notice, reported a bill to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of .Tef-
ferson; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GROW. I desire to offer an amendment
to that bill: to strike out the word "Jefferson"
and insert the word "Osage."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That propo-
sition can come before the committee.
Mr. GROW. Very well. I only want to have
notice given of it now.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, in pursuance
of previous notice, reported a bill to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Ari-
zona, and to create the office of surveyor general
therein.
Mr. GROW. I desire to present an amend-
ment to the bill, in the shape of an additional sec-
tion; which I propose to offer when this bill is
called up for consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendment was read as follows:
And whereas tlie tract of country comprised within the
limits of the proposed Teuitory of Arizona was acquired
from the Republic of Mcaeo, and was, at the timo of its
acquisition, and by virtue of the laws and constitution of
said Republic, free from Afiican slavery, and no such
Flaveiy having been since established by any legal author-
ity, therefore nothing contained in this act «iiall beheld, or
taken, to auth<#ize African slavery 111 said Teriitoiy, hut
that shivery remains abolu-hed and prohibited therein* as at
the tune ot its acquisition from the Republic of Mexico.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to re-
consider the several votes by which the bills were
respectively referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
whicfi latter motion was agreed to.
SQUADRON ON" THE AFRICAN COAST.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agieod to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House a copy of rtll induc-
tions given to the commanders ot our Atrican squadron
since the ratification of the treaty of 1842, called the Wash-
ington tieaty, with a copy or statement ot whatever regu-
lations vveie entered into by the commandeis of the two
squadrons for more iully accomplishing the object uf the
eighth article of said ti eaty ; and also, if 111 the possession
of the Government, the mstiuetions given the English squad-
ron on the coast of Africa by the British Govern men t; also,
the name of each davcr, or suspected slaver, taken by the
American squad ion since the ratification of said treaty, giv-
ing the names and number of the vessels sent to the (Jmted
States for condemnation, tne number and names of said
vessels condemned a* slavers, giving the datesoftheircap-
ture and condemnation, and whether the commanders cap-
tunng !-aid slavers, or su-pected slaver®, 01 any of the in,
have been Mif'd 01 otherwise embarrassed by the owners or
agent* of said v^eN in consequence-of capture, where
condemnations have 01 have not followed capture.
CHARLES J- INGERSOLL
Mr. HUGHES. I call for the regular 6rder of
business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to allow me to offer a resolu-
tion ?
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw the call.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I renew the call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bill (H. R. No. 197) for the relief of
Charles J. Ingersoll. On this bill the previous
question was demanded, and the main question
ordered to be now put. Pending thatquestion, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelssy] moved
42
to lay the bill on the table, and demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays oa the motion to lay on the table;
and will asjc them on the passage of the bill.
The House divided on Mr. Kelsey?s motion;
and there were—ayes 80, noes 56.
Mr. FLOPcENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. There seems to be a very
thin House; and as I regard this as a very im-
portant bill, I move that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
as the previous question hasr been ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn; and on that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays. I only want to get a fair vote.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
Mr. GROW. As this is objection day, I hope
-that the call for the yeas and nays on the motion
to lay on the table will be withdrawn, and that
we shall take the yeas and nays on the passage
of the bill. 0
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from New
York will withdraw the motion to lay on the ta-
bic, I will withdrawable call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 trust sincerely that such
a couisc will be pursued that we may have a di-
rect vote on the merits of the question.
The question was taken on Mr. Flore\tcc's
motion; and the House icfused to adjourn—ayes
9,noes 128.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelsey's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 120, nays '<3; as follows: ^
YEAS — Mesvis. Abbott. Adiain, Anderson, Andiewe,
Atkins, Averv, Baikf-dale, JJennett, Bishop, Hh.ss, iiianeh,
Biayton, Bryan. Butfmton, Butlinuame, Burnett, Burns-,
Carutheis, (Jabkie, dawson, Cobb, Claik B. Cochtane,
Covode, Crajjm, Jame> Ciaig. Bmtun Ciaig'\ Cuny, D.ivis
of Indiana, Davi- of Ma *aUnj~etts, Uavi^ o( Iowa. Dawns,
Dean, Dick, Dow deli. Dm lee, Edmund^on, English, Ensii*,
Fainswortb, Faulkner, Fenton, Foley. (Jamett, Oilman,
Goode, Goodwin,Granyer, 0'ieg.j, Laurence W. Hall. Har-
lan, Ilarns, IIill, Iloaid, Hodges. Hopkins, Iloiton. Hous-
ton, Hughes, George VV. Jones, KHiosy, Kel-ey. Kilgore,
Knapp. Jacob M lvtiukel, Leach, Leifei, Let'hei, Love-
joy, Maclay, McQueen, Hiimphicy Marshall. Suhhi'1! S.
Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Million,Mooie, Moigan. Mor-
rill, Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Mmiay, Nichols, Oi n, Paiker.
Pendleton, Peu.it, Peyton, John 6. Phelps, Pike, Pottei,
X'ottle, Powell, Purviance, Ready. Reagan. IJicaud, J'obbins,
Royce, RufTin, Savage, Scales Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, Willi,un Stewait, Talbot, Miles* Taylor,
Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Vance, Wade, Wulbudge, Wal-
dron, Uadivalader .C. Washburn, Ellthu B. YVa-jliburne,
Watkrns, Wood, John V. Wright, and Zolli&ofter—1*20.
NAYS—Mes>rs. Ahl, Bair, Bingham, Bonlnim, Bowie,
Boycp, Burroughs, Case, Gavanau^h. John B. Claik, Clay,
John Cochtane, Cockerill, Colfax. Comms, Ciawfoid, Cur-
tis, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi j Dewait, Dodd, Floi once, j
Fohtei, Gaitrell, Gilhs, Gooch, Grow, Hrm-lt, Hawkins, '
Hickman. Ilityler, Jackson, Jcwerr, Owen Jones, Kenn,
Lamar, Landy, Lawrence,Leidy, Mctlae, Maynard, Miles,
Miller, Montgomery, Edward Jov Moms. I\"d>5aek. Palmer.
William W." Phelps, Phi!lip-, Ru-.-el!, Sandidge, ^Scotr,
Searing, Sewaul, Aaron Shnw, Robert Smith, William
Smith,"Spinner. Stanton. Stephen1-. Janvs A. Stewart,
Tappan, Vallandigham, Walton, Ward, Kraei W.i-hbuiri,
Whit'1, Whitelfy. WiUon, Win-low, Wooc^ou, Worien-
dyke, and Augustus K. Wright—"3.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DEAN stated that Mr. Ci.arx, of Connec-
ticut, was detained from tfie House by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Amessage was received from the Senate,by Mr.
Diein.s's, then- Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate have passed without amendment,
a bill of the House (No. 801) to fix and regulate
the compensation of receivers and registers of the
land offices, under the provisions of the act ap-
proved April 20, 1818.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill and res-
olution of fliis House of the following titles, with
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of this House:
Joint resolution (No. 39) to authorize the See-
ratary of the Treasury to sell a certain plat of
land.in the city of Petersburg, Virginia, belong-
ing to the United States; and
An act (No. 820) providing for the payment of
the expenses of investigating committees of -the
Houise of Representatives.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, Yesterday the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] sub-
mitted a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill
was rejected; and also submitted a motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table. I d«eire
to have that question acted upon and disposed of
now. I appeal to the gentleman from Illinois to
withdraw the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the ob-
ject of tlie gentleman to save time, and let the
vote be taken directly on the motion to recon-
sider?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yea, sir; the ob-
ject is to save time. I hope that the reconsider-
ation will take place without any divided vote,
and that then we shall take the question on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know, in the first place, if this motion to recon-
sider can be entertained, a motion to, reconsider
having been once made and acted on ?
The SPEAKER. The Choir is of opinion that
the motion is in order. The bill rejected by the
second vote of the House was a different bill from
that rejected by the first; and the practice of the
House is, (the Chair remembers more than one
instance,) where a bill has been rejected, a recon-
sideration had, amendments made, and the bill
again rejected, a second reconsideration can be
had. It is certainly true that there could not be
a second reconsideiation unless there had been a
change in the character of the bill; but there has
been an amendment adopted—although, it is true,
it is a very small one—since the first reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the reconsideration of the vote; but as I
am appealed to to withdraw the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table, in order to save
time, I will do so.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I demand the
previous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BONHAM. I renew the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did the
gentleman from South Carolina vote with the
majority'
The SPEAKER. It is not necessax-y that he
should have done so.
Mr. DOWDELL. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will withdraw
the previous question, I desire to make this state-
ment to the House; that if this bill be reconsid-
ered 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to debate, unless
' the previous question is withdrawn, so as to give
ns all a chance.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
demanded, and a motion to lay on the table is
pending; and no debate is in order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business.
Mr. BONHAM. I would be glad to have the
ear of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. If the opponents of this bill are to
be allowed an opportunity to debate it 
