38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
35th Cong*....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
surveyor general, for the year ending June 30,
1&S0, of #185,560, has been reduced to $40,000,
and is submitted as adequate for field operations
for that period in Kansas and Nebraska.
Pursuant to the order of the President of April
9, 1858, for the removal of the surveyor general's
office at Lecompton, Kansas, to Nebraska City,
Nebraska Territory, the necessary instructions
were dispatched, the order carried into effect,
and the office opened at Nebraska City on the 1st
June, 1858. The surveyor general invites atten-
tion to the condition of the New York Indian
lands, "situate in tho southern part of Kansas, and
traversed by the Neosho ami Verdigris rivers.
This reservation has been set apart for those In-
dians by the treaty of January 15,1838, at Buffalo
creek, New York. The third article of that treaty
provides, that in case the Indians do not accept
of, and remove to, their new homes (that reser-
vation) within five years, or such time as the
President may appoint, they shall forfeit their
lands, and the same shall revert to the United
States. The tribes have never accepted, so far
as we are advised, of these provisions; but indi-
viduals who may have removed there are equita-
bly entitled to their pro rata share of said reser-
vation. The fact of the non-emigration there of
the Indians, except, perhaps, in a very few cases,
lias left the New York reserve generally vacant,
if not abandoned, and, 'consequently, our people
have gone on and made actual {settlements, and
these require favorable consideration.
Under the circumstances, the General Land
Office can take no action m (lie nutter until such
reserves as may be allowed under the treaty shall
have been ascertained and reported. Then, by
force of the provisions of said tieaty, the unap-
propriated lands will be open to settlement and
sale.
The surveyor general reports surveying defi-
ciency of $14,000 in Kansas and Nehtaska, as
having accrued during the four year.*' incumbency
of his predecessor, being since the oigamzation
of tho district. This is the aggregate excess
liability over the appropriations in four years'
operations, and is but five per cent, upon the ap-
propriation of $300,000, and was the difference
between the estimated amount of woi 1c when con-
tracted for and the actual returns of the same
when performed m the lield.
New J\Jaj,ico.—The surveying operations in this
distiict have been prosecuted to mu< h gieutei ex-
tent than heietoforo, and entirely with Hurt's
improved solar compass, which the sui veyor gen-
eial reports has answered admirably any purpose
claimed by tho inventor.
The sphere of operations was chiefly in the
valley of the Rto Grande del Norte, from the
north boundary of Arizona, to within twenty
miles of the northern boundary of New Mexico,
and on Ri" GoJlimu-v1 tnbutaiy of llio Picon, as
well as on Rio Colorado, or Canadian foik of the
Arkansas.
The returns of these surveys embrace G,000
miles, covermg £30,000 acres.
The examination reported as made in June last
by the surveyor geneial, whilst on a reeonnois-
sance of the country in the vicinity of the Cana-
dian fork of the Arkansas river, shows the soil to
be exti eniely rich, the climate s.ilubt ions, and that
the coundy is well watered, and piod.o.es excel-
lent pastuie, and .suggests the piopuetv of con-
sideiable surveys of the public lands in that direc-
tion.
The surveyor general reports the mineral and
agricultural lesources of the country as in prog-
ress of development; and that in working the
richest mines, machinery has been introduced.
It is also desired by that officer that legal pro-
vision be made authorizing an official seal for
authenticating copies of documents, and that pro-
vision be made by which deputy suru-yots could
be authorized to administer oaths to their assist-
ants, to obviate the labor and expense of repair-
ing- to a distant settlement for the services of a
justice of the peace.
The surveyor general submits enlarged esti-
mates for the surveying service in New Mexico
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860, viz:
Thirty thousand dollars for the survey of pri-
vate claims and Pueblo grafts; and two hundred
thousand dollars for the survey of public lands.
The unexpended balance for the surveys of
former years, renders, in the opinion of this office,
an estimate unnecessary.
Extensive surveys of the public lands, at this
time, in that Territory, are not deemed proper or
desirable: first, because of the non-extinction of
the Indian title in desirable localities; next, the
non-ponfirmation or want of legal provision for
the summary and final confirmation of foreign
titles, so as to enable us to properly separate them
from the public domain. Therefore, the surveyor
general's estimate is reduced from $200,000 to
$20,000; the latter sum being, in our opinion, ad-
equate to the continuance, for the next year, of
the field-work within localities not exposed to the
hostility of the Indians.
Utah,—Since the departure of the surveyor gen-
eral from his post, in July, 1857, no surveying
operations have been prosecuted in Utah. The
late surveyor geneial reached Washington and
reported to this office on the 11th June, 1857, as-
signing his reasons for the abandonment of his post
to he, that his person and life were in imminent
danger.
On the 7th July succeeding, he applied for per-
mission to extend Ins absence from his post until
1st September, 1857, when he expected either to
resume his duties or to deliver the office to his
successor.
On the 13th July, 1857, the President appointed
John C. Hays, of California, his successor, and
Mr. fjtirr was advised thereof on tho same day,
and directed to deliver, or cause to be delivered,
over to him the archivesof the surveyorgcneral's
oflice.
The late surveyor general was also directed to
carry our, as speedily as possible, the instructions
of the 13th of the same month, and, in the event of
his successor not arriving at Salt Lake, City by the
30th September then ensuing, he was required to
cause his agent to surrender the oflice and archives
to Governor Camming, or other United States
responsible officer on the spot.
Kight months after the receipt of the above in-
1 sanctions, Mr. Ihnr advised this office, on the
, 15th Mnich, 1S5H, that he had dispatched from
Washington, District of Columbia, on the last
day of August, Ins son, as agent to deliver the
office and archives to Governor Cummin^,
j On the 5th dayofApnl, 3858, Governor Young,
! of Utah, advised this office of his having taken
; possession of the surveyor general's archives for
teuf'e-keeping.
! Governor Camming was requested to receive
! the archives belonging to the surveyor general's
: office fiom Governor Young, and hold them until
! a surveyor general should be qualified and take
! possession.
; The preemption laws of the United States have
not been, in rxpiess terms, extended to theTer-
, ntoiy of Utah, nor has a kind district been eie-
; alrd then in.
i Uy the seventeenth section of the act of 9th
1 September, 1850, to "establish a terutonal gov-
: eminent for Utah," it is provided thatthe " laws
of the United States aie hereby extended over
j and declared to be m force m said Territory so
| far as the same, or any provision thereof, may be
! applicable." Similar provisions are found in the
' acts organizing the Territories of New Mexico,
i Kansas, and Nebraska; yet, in the act of 23d July,
| 1854, establishing the offices of surveyor general
m these Territories, the public lands, within then
| limns, are made subject to the "operations of
■ the preemption act of 4th September, 1841.."  In
the absence of such legislative construction it
j would have been held that the general provision
I extending " the Jaws of the United States " car-
ried the preemption system into the Territory.
As the Territory of Utah is now in peace, and its
j people yield obedience to the laws of the General
j Government, it is recommended that it shall no
; longer be treated as an exception in the legislation
! for the Territories upon this subject; and that, to
j place the matter beyond question, the preemption
• policy be expressly extended to that Territory,
I and that one land district be organized therein,
I coextensive with its limits.
California.—The returns of the surveys of the
public lands and confirmed private land claims m
California, received during the year ending 30th
September last, amount to about 4,000 lineal miles,
embracing more than 1,000,000 acres of land; and
the extent of the surveys executed flnce the or-
ganization of the surveying district in 1851,
amounts to an aggregate of 89,000 miles of sur-
veys, embracing nearly 24,000,000 acres. In the
above aggregate is included the progress of the
field operations in that State during the year end-,
ing 30th September, 1858, above 3,870 lineal'
miles, embracing upwards of 100,000 acres. The
sphereofthefield operations has been interspersed
with numerous private claims, presenting imped-
iments to the uninterrupted progress of the lines
of the public surveys.
The surveying accounts, growing out of the
liabilities incurred by the late surveyor general,
and for the payment of which a deficiency appro-
priation was made on the 4th May last, have all
been paid, with tho exception of a f<*w accounts,
amounting to about ten thousand dollars. These
have been suspended, and are awaiting the recep-
tion of the reports of the examiners appointed by
the surveyor general to test the fidelity of the
execution of the surveys in tho field.
Since the deficiency estimate was submitted,
on the 25th September, 1857, additional liabilities
have been reported, to the sum of nearly sixty
thousand dollars.
This latter sum is reported by the surveyor
general as in full of all the liabilities contracted
by his predecessor over and above the regular
appropriations for the surveys in California up
to 30th June, 1857. To provide the requisite
means to liquidate these demands, and to prose-
cute fuither surveys, there is included in the
present esfimatc $103,000.
The surveyor general invites attention to the
inadequate rate of compensation for running the
exterior lines of public surveys and private land
claims, and suggests that twenty-five dollars per
lineal mile be allowed, instead of the*maximum
of sixteen dollars under the existing law.
A communication from Deputy Noi ris is here-
with transmuted, which shows the d ifficultics en-
counteied in the survey of the confirmed private
claims, and the propnety of commending the al-
lowance to favorable consideiation, as recom-
mended by this office under date of 33th April last.
The lines of the public surveys have reached,
and m some instances crossed, the Sieira Nevada.
In order to continue those lines, or close them
upon the boundary, it is necessary that not only
the eastern boundary be deteimincd, run, and ,
marked for that purpose, but also the northern,
as Uie surveys in Oregon have reached the forty-
second degree of north latitude, being the north-
ern boundary of California.
Washington Ten itorij.—The progress of the sur-
veys during the year ending 1st September, 1858,
is reported by the surveyor general to have b6en
highly satisfactory. The returns, after passing
strict examination, proved the work to have been
faithfully executed.
The sphere of the field operations during the
last year has been upon Shoahvater bay, Gray's
Harbor, Whidby's Island, southern coast of the
straits of Juan de Fuca, and on the Columbia
river; and the surveyor general reports that those
operations have developed excellent farming lands.
There are at present thirteen deputy surveyors
in the field, who are expected to close their con-
tracts within the fiscal year ending the 30th June
next.
The extent of the surveying returns, in this
surveying district, during the year ending 30th
September, 1858, amounts to about one thousand
four hundred lineal miles, embracing an area of
three hundred and forty thousand acres.
Under the donation law (now expired) eighty
claims have been surveyed. The surveyor gen-
eral reports that the progress m that branch of
the service would have been greater had there
been provision of law compelling claimants to
have their claims surveyed within a limited pe-
riod.
This office concurs in the opinion of the sur-
veyor general of Washington and Oregon, that
an act should be passed requiringclaimants within
a limited period, after the proving up of their
claims, to make application for the survey thereof,
otherwise their survey may remain unfinished for
years to come.
The surveying service, in the field, has been
