060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28
2
gentleman from Iowa, by whom these volunteers I
were sworn in, what they swore to, and under >
what law they were sworn ? , j
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman will listen to ;
the reading of the report, he will learn all about it. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, lask whether that,
is a private bill ? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is. It j
refers to a particular class of persons. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to refer this resolution to a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make that mo-
tion. !
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would inquire of '
the gentleman from Iowa, whether there was not I
a company raised m Dayton, Ohio,commanded by .
Captain Stout, sworn in, and serving under the :
same circumstances? If so, I desire to have that j
company included in the resolution. \
Mr. CURTIS. I am nat aware that there are j
any other companies raised under such circum-
stances, which have not been paid. Twelve com-
panies in Ohio were paid under the joint resolu-
tion of 1846.
Mr. CASE. Mr. Speaker, is there a motion
pending to refer this resolution to a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar? !
The SPEAKER. There is. :
Mr. CASE. 1 hope tliat motion will prevail. I
see no reason why this resolution should have
preference over others; certainly it should have
noneover many waiting to be reported. Why,sir, i
* the committee, of which I am a member, has nu-
merous bills ready to report for the relief, not of
able-bodied men, but of invalids, soldiers who
are helpless and old, who will die, perhaps, before
another session; and, our committee being at the
foot of the list, we cannot even get them before
the House, because we are delayed by this prac-
tice of putting bills on their passage when re-
ported. I call the previous question on the mo-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman must see
that there is no use in reporting bills here, at this
period of the session, and referring them to a
Committee of the Whole House. Tliey never
can be reached. I think the resolution had better
be put on its passage. '
Mr. CASE. I want it to take its chances with
other bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will withdraw his demand for the previous
question, for a moment, I will renew it. I have
no doubt that tli.ere are volunteers all over the
country, who have tendered their services to the
Government.
Mr. STANTON. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STANTON. I must object.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Iowa report back the original resolution referred
to the committee, and this as a substitute, or does
he report it as an original k solution ?
Mr. CURTIS. As an onginul resolution.
The SPEAKER. A joint resolution covering
this ease, was read twice ami referred to the Com-
'mittee on Military Affairs. Does (ho gentleman
report this resolution back?
Mr. CURTIS. I report this as a substitute
for the one which was referred to the committee
last year.
The SPEA'KER. "The proper course would
have been to have reported back the joint resolu-
tion referred to the committee, and to have moved
this as a substitute.
Mr. HARLAN. A resolution was introduced
by me, which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I suppose this is a substitute
for that resolution?
Mr. CURTIS. Yes, sir; it is.
Mr. HOUSTON". Does the resolution make
an appropriation? If it does, it must go to a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. CURTIS. It is a substitute for the former
resolution. It places the volunteers upon the
same footing with former volunteers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would inquire
if this is the resolution which was read twice and
referred to that committee?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then that is the
only way in which the committee got jurisdiction
of tllfi C£ls6.
•The SPEAKER- That is the very point to
which the Chair desired to direct the attention of j
the gentleman from Iowa; whether this resolution I
was predicated upon the other papers, or was it !
offered as a substitute for the resolution referred
to them at the last session ?
Mr. CURTIS. It ia offered as a substitute.
The SPEAKER. Then it must be so treated.
Mr* JONES, of Tennessee. Now read the
original resolution which was referred.
The original resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United State9 in Congress assembled, That the officers
and men belonging to the company of CupUpn Culberson
Small, who were sworn in as volunteers for the war with
Mexico, al Xema, Ohio, and who marched to Camp Wash-
ington, near Cincinnati, Ohio, but who were not actually
leeeived into the service of the United States ; and nls-o the
company of Cnpfam Mott, raised at Puju.t, Ohio, and who
matched to Camp Washington, near Cincinnati, Ohio, but
who were not actually rnusteied into the service of tho
United States, are hereby declared to be entitled to the ben-
efits of the joint resolution of Congress, passed August 8,
1846, and that the sum of $5,500 be, and the same.is hereby,
appropriated out of any money iu l? e Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to carry into eftoct &uid resolution of
August 8, 1846.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from QKio
reports back the joint resolution which has just
been read, and reports a substitute.
Mr. NICHOLS. Has the previous question
been demanded?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not in the
present state of the question.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw it, m order that other companies may
be provided for in this resolution.
Mr. NICHOLS. This question is not debata-
ble; and I insist upon my demand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This resolution
makes an appropriation, and I move that it be re-
ferred lo the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. NICHOLS. Does the Chair decide that
this resolution makes an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It makes an appropriation
of $6,000. The Chair last week decided that the
direction which must be given to a bill depended
upon the original text, and not upon any amend-
ment.
Mr. NICHOLS. Would it be in order to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, and
to move to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Military Affairs?
The SPE4KER. It would.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then I withdrawthedemand,
and move to refer the resolution to that committee; ,
and upon that I demand the previous question. |
The previous question was seconded, and the :
main question ordered, and under the operation i
thereof, the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. \
Mr. CURTIS. 1 ask that the resolution, sub- ,
stitute, and report, be printed. :
It was so ordered. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider tho vote by which tho resolution was re-
ferred, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on tho table. ;
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not this objection day ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move that the House
resolve itself in to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. \
The motion was agreed to. :
Tho House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private ,
Calendar, (Mr. Stanton in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the Pnvatc Calen-
dar; when the following' eases were taken up, eon- ■
sidered, and disposed of as indicated below: j
FRANgOIS GUILLORY. \
A bill (II. II. No. 450) for the relief of the heirs ;
or legal lepiesentatives of Francois Guilloi y. !
j The bill provides that the heirs or legal repre- j
; sentatives of Francois Guillory, deceased, late of
the parish of Saint Landry, in the State of Lou-
; isiana, be confirmed in their claim to that tract or i
j parcel of lands known on the public surveys of j
ii the southwestern district of Louisiana as section
! N
1 ft
range four east, containing about one hundred and
ninety-five acres, and that a patent shall issue
therefor as in ordinary cases; provided that the
act shall only be construed as a relinquishment of
whatever title may now be vested in the United
States, and shall in nowise interfere with any valid
adverse claim of other or third parties, should there,
be such.
The report shows that Nicholas Lamathe, in
1797, transferred to Jacques Deshotels a tract of
land of six arpents front by forty arpents back,
containing about one hundred and ninety-five
acres, which tract was sold by Deshotels to Fran-
gois Guillory in 1810, through whom it is now
claimed. This six by forty arpent tract appears
to be part of a tract of twenty-five by forty arpents
acquired by Lamathe from one Pinal, under the
Spanish Government, though the title from that
Government is not in evidence, and is said to have
been destroyed in some great fire, but all of which
has at different periods been confirmed to claim-
ants under Lamathe, except the tract now in
question. Ten by forty arpents were confirmed
to Helen Soileau by the land commissioners for
that district of country in 1811. Under the acts
of Congress of 1812 and 1813 the land commis-
sioners divided the claims reported on into eleven
classes, placing the claims of Louis Guillory for
nine by forty arpents, and of Francois Guilloiy
for six by forty arpents, in the seventh class, the
first six being confirmed. These two claims by
the Guillorys for fifteen by forty arpents covered
the balance of the original twenty-five by forty
arpent tract, only ten by forty of which had been
confirmed up to that time. Louis Guillory after-
wards made a new application for the confirma-
tion of his claim to the nine by forty arpent tract,
under the act of 11th May, 1820, and, being re-
ported favorably by the commissioners, was con-
firmed by Congress in 1826, leaving unconfitmed
only the six by forty arpents of the original tract,
now claimed by tho memorialists, as the repre-
sentatives of Francois Guillory, deceased.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN H. WHEELER.
A bill (H. R. No 454) for the relief of John
H. Wheeler, Esq., late United States Minister at
Nicaragua. [Objected to by Mr. Coyode.]
ELMIRA WHITE.
A bill (H. R. No. 4G3)forthe relief of Elmira
White, widow of Captain Thomas R. White.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This case is pre-
cisely within the law now, and if such a case as
that be presented at the Pension Office, the appli-
cant will get her pension. Thercfoie, under the
circumstances, I must object.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is exceedingly difficult
to get arty pension at the Pension Office.
Mr. LlilTER. I object to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desired simplv to give in-
formation. to the gentleman from Virginia, think-
ing he might withdraw his objection.
EDWARD N. KENT.
A bill (H. R. No. 4Gj) for the relief of Ed-
ward N. Kent. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say that I
objected to that bill at the last session of Con-
gress. I have had occasion to investigate that
ease, and have come to the conclusion that, to a
certain extent, there is merit in it. I think the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Li'.itek,] will accom-
plish his purpose, by allowing the leport to be
read, and likewise some Ietteis I have received
upon the same subject, but upon the opposite side
of the question.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to debate.
Mr. LEITER. It struck mo at the time the
bill was read that it was wrong, and I objected.
I adhere to that objection.
REPRESENTATIVES OF ROBERT II. MORRIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 491) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Robert H. Moms, late
postmaster of the city of New York. [Objected
to by Mr. Jewistt.]
J. W. HILTON.
         . A bill (H. R. No. 490) for the relief of J. W.
>To. 108, in township four south, range three.east, Hilton.
•id section No. 78, in township four south, of .1 The b
\ bill authorizes and directs the Postmaster
