1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
General to pay to J. W. Hilton, of the county of
Monroe, and State of Illinois, the sum of §183 40,
for extra mail scrvice performed by him on route
No. 13393, from September 22, 1856, to July 1,
1857.
The report was read. It appears therefrom,
that Joseph W. Hilton was contractor for carry-
ing the mail over route No. 13323, from St. Louis,
Missouri-, via Waterloo, in Monroe county, in
that State, and the village of Prairie Du Rochen,
in Randolph county, Illinois, to the town of Ches-
ter, in Randolph county; that, by the terms of his
contract, he was required to transport the United
States mail matter pertaining to that route daily
from July 1, 1854, to July 1,1858, the mail mat-
ter to be transported over that part of the route
lying between St. Louis and Waterloo, a distance
of twenty-one miles, in coaches, and over that
part of the route lying between Waterloo and
Chester, a distance of forty-seven miles, on horse-
back; that, on the 27th of September, 1856, and
daily hitherto, the postmaster at St. Louis, Mis-
souri, delivered to Hilton the mail matter between
the city of "St. Louis and the town of St. Gene-
vieve, in Missouri, which did not pertain to mail
route No. 13323; that, notwithstanding the con-
tract of Hilton did not require him to transport
the same over his route No. 13323,he did, at the
request of the postmaster of St. Louis, and with
a desire to serve the Post Office Department of
the United States and to subserve the public in-
terest, receive the St. Louis and St. Genevieve
mail mutter, and, according to the desire of the
postmaster of St. Louis, transported the same
daily, from the 22d of September, 1856, to the pre-
sent time, over that part of his route N-o. 13323
lying between the city of St. Louis and the vil-
lage of Prairie Du Rochen in coaches, and thence
on horseback, relying upon the good faith of the
Post Office Department for reasonable compen-
sation for extra services; that, in consequence of
the great quantity of mail matter which he was
obliged to transport over his route, he was com-
pelled to incur great additional expense in trans-
porting St. Genevieve mail matter from St. Louis
to Prairie Du Rochen, an additional horse or a
coach being indispensable for that purpose on
that part of the route, twenty-two miles distant
from Waterloo to Prairie Du Rochen; that he
immediately, and often after he was directed by
the postmaster at St. Louis to perform the extra
mail service, applied by letter to the Post Office
Department for a reasonable allowance for the
extra mail service, but that he received no defi-
nite-answer to his applications until about the 1st
of July, 1857, when the Department agreed to pay
him JJG26 per annum for such increase of scrvice,
the agreement to take effect from and after the 1st
of July, 1857; that Hilton was informed by the
Post Office Department that no allowance could
be made for the increase of service performed by
him, between September, 1856, and July 1, 1851,
the same having been performed without any
prior legal order from the Postmaster General;
that the amount due him for said service would
be pro rata to the amount subsequently allowed,
$483 40, and that, from infoimation leceived from
the Post Office Department, the committee have
no doubt that the extra service was performed,
and the public interest thereby subserved.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
representatives of r. h. morris.
Mr. JEWETT. I desire to withdraw the ob-
jection that I made to bill No. 491, for the relief
of the legal representatives of Robert H. Morris.
Mr. BURNETT. Let the objection stand. I
object to going back on the Calendar.
princeton presbyterian church.
A bill (H. R. No. 497) for the relief of the
Presbyterian Church at Piinceton, New Jersey.
[Objected to by Mr. Ritfin.]
major john ripley.
A bill (H. R. No. 498) for the relief of the
heirs of Major John Ripley. [Objected to by
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee..]
benjamin wilson's heirs.
A bill (H. R. No. 499) for the relief of the
heirs of Benjamin Wilson.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see that
there is any reason alleged why this man's ac-
counts have not been settled before.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject?
Mr. WILSON. I hope the gentleman will not
object. Let the bill be reported to the House,
and it can be voted on by yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion in the world.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
dr. BENJAMIN CHAPIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 500) forthe relief of the heirs
of Dr, Benjamin Chapin. [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of 1'ennessee.]
captain david noble.
A bill (H. R. No. 501) for thatelief of the Iggal
representatives of Captain DavicfNoble, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Leitek.]
m. m. marmaduke.
A bill (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of M. M.
Marmaduke and others. [Objected to by Mr.
Smith, of Virginia.]
william b. dodd.
A bill for the relief of William B. Dodd and
others. [Objected to by Mr. Tompkins.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection, and let the
report be read.
Mr. TOMPKINS. It is not worth while.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. The bill is re-
commended by the Secretary of the Treasury; an
appropriation has been made, and all we desy-e
is that the money shall be paid to the parties en-
titled.
eleazer williams.
A bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of Eleazer
Williams, sole heir of Mary Ann Williams and
Thomas Williams, deceased. [Objected to by
Mr. Smith, of Virginia.]
william b. draper.
A bill (H. R. No. 509) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of William B. Draper.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The report in that
case shows that this man was paid all he was en-
titled to.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will consent to let this bill go to
the House, and have the vote taken there by yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any such arrange-
ment. We will never get through the business
of the session if wu are to have the yeas and nays
on these bills.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the bill objected
to ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Burnett] objects.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Hopkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 71, noes 41.
So the motion was agreed to.
f. guillory and j. w. hilton.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stanton reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had ha^l
under consideration the Private Calendar, and had
directed him to report back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a bill (H. 11. No. 450) for
(he relief of the heirs or le^al representatives of
Franpois Guillory, and a bill (H. R. No. 495) for
the relief of J. W. Hilton.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of these bills.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would have ob-
jected to the bill for the relief of J". W. Hilton,
had I been in the Hall when it was called. I have
presented a minority report in that case, and
should be glad to have it read before the question
is put to the House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been demanded, the report can be read only
by unanimous consent.
The previous question was seconded, and tbse
main question ordered.
The bill (No. 450) was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The question recurred on ordering the bill (H.
R. No. 495) for the relief of J. W. Hilton to bs
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask that the
minority report in that case be read.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In rrty opinion
a more unjust and illegal appropriation of money
was never proposed in any legislative body in the
world.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. If the gentleman is
allowed to make a speech against the bill, I desire
to have an opportunity of replying to him.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not fn order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 57, noes 50.
And thereupon (at three o clock and fifty-two
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
► IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 29,1859.
Prayer by Rev. T. J. O'Toole.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of T. J. Mackey, and others, in-
closing a memorial of the citizens of Nebraska
Territory, residing south of the Platte river, in
convention assembled at Brownsville, on the 5th
day of January, 1859, praying that the portion of
Nebraska Territory lying south of the Platte
river may be embraced within the boundaries of
the proposed state of Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of R. M.
Hamilton, late consul of the United States at
Montevideo, praying compensation for diplomatic
services rendered by him while at that post; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of Pierre
Chouteau, jr., & Co., licensed Indian traders,
praying indemnity for goods and merchandise
forcibly talten from them by the Sioux Indians at
Port John, on the north fork of the Platte river,
in August, 1854; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the St. Louis
Chamber of Commerce, praying the establish-
ment of a branch mint, or an assay office, in that
city; which was referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of John-
son county, Missouri, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Warrensburg to Neosho;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented five memorials of citizens of
St. Louis, Missouri; a memorial of citizens of
St. Franjois, Washington, and Iron counties,
Missouri; a memorial of citizens of Madison and
Iron counties, Missouri; a memorial of citizens of ••
St. Francois, Iron, and Washington counties,
Missouri; a memorial of citizens of Phelps coun-
ty, Missouri; a memorial of citizens of St. Fran-
gois, Iron, and Washington counties, Missouri;
and a memorial of citizens of Madison and Iron
counties, Missouri, severally praying a specific
and increased duty on iron; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
reports op committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of Euligio de Celis, praying remunera-
tion for money loaned and supplies furnished to
Colonel Fremont, as Governor ofCalifornia, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Court of Claims.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles C. Walden,
manager and superintendent of a company estab-
lished for the purpose of connecting the United
States with Cuba, by means of a submarine tel-
egraph, praying that the President of the United
States may tie authorized to contract with him
for the transmission of Government dispatches,
