662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
and a resolutioh of the Seriate in relation to com-
munication by telegraph between Key West and
Cuba, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, and that they lie upon the table*,
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memoiial of Napoleon Koseia-
lowski, captain of a company of Missouri volun-
teers during the late war with Mexico, asking1
three months' extra pay for hm company under
the acts of July 19 and July 29, 1848, submitted
n adverse report; which was agreed to.
- He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 64) ex-
planatory ofii An act to amend an act entitle d ' An
act supplemental to an act providing for the pros-
ecution of existing war between the United States
and Alexieo,anJ for other purposes,5 " approved
July 19,134£, submitted an adverse report; which
was agreed to; and the report was ordered to be
prm ted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT askou, and 'by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
544) to incorporate the Washington National
Monument Society, which was raid a fir at and^
second time.
Mr. BRODERICK, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to intioducea
bill (S. No. 543) to facilitate communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States by electric
telegraph; winch was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Oilice and
Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE. I inquire from the Senator from
California whether that bill is a similar one to the
bill upon the same subject leferred at the last ses-
sion to the Committee on tiie Post Oilice and Post
Roads?
Mr. BRODElllCK. In substaru cit is.
Air. \ ULF.E. I will state that the committee j
considered the subject nt tlx* !a;;t session, and ie- ,
ported adversely upon it. If this is the same bill, I
I do not s<*e the necessity of lefciring it. [
Air. BRODERiClv. It is not the same bill. If j
the committee think proper to report against it, !
they can do so. |
Air. YULEE. Very well, sir.
BIDS FOR GRANITE. |
Mr. TFAMEIN" submitted the following reso- |
luuon; which was considered by unanimous con- j
sent, and agieed to: "* I
R<>solrc,d, Timt the tf^etefary of the Tiea-any l>e tineded ,
tolinn^Utho Semite Willi oojne, ot ai! huK mi luiui-line* i
giiimtel'oi t.<c c\t<'n*ion of the Tiea-my building, made in |
13o.">, and to de-^nate sueli ot the bidv tijj weie accepted.
WILKES EXPLORING EXPEDITION,
Air. PEARCE submitted the following ievolu-
tion; \vInch was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolrct/, That the C^muii fl^e en the J Jbrim l><  inline fed
tOjepuUUll.it j)itijxi<*•>■< till-* been in itli! !o\\cU(lr- lin; iniri-
plenon ol t!i'1 pnlilu aiion^ "i uii' cxploimir expedition un-
der G'npuin Wilkes ; how much ot the eiom-y^ .ippiopriated
thereiot' lein.un une.\pended ; and tiow muei) mote, u i iy,
"will he H-ipuretl tor liie romplehim^f the eMiaf; wit!) .n-h
detailed .statement* a-- may lutaish the Senate with t'uii in-
formation on the subject.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mi. Allcn, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed the following b111 >, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 430) for the relief of the hens and
legal representatives of Francs Gtiillory;
A bill (No. 830) for the relief of Daniel Cole;
and
A bill (No. 847) for fhe relief of Angelina C.
"Bowman, widow of Fiancis L. Bowman, late
captain United States Army.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Air. BROWN. 1 hope that we shall now pro-
ceed to execute the order setting apart this day
for District business.
Mi, GW1N. J made a motion yesterday which
I bt-iieve is a piivdeged motion; hut at the time
J mud'- it i did not lecoiiect that th>s day was set
apart for District business. Aly motion is to re-
consider the vote parsing tim bill for a Pacific
railroad. I can very briefly give my_ reasons for
that motion, and 1 do not want to detain that bill
any longer from the lower House. 1 believe I
have a right to call up that motion as a privileged
question. Have I not?
The' PRESIDING OFFICER. It was the un-
derstanding of the Senate, on a previous day,
that to-day should be set apart for District busi-
ness.
Mr. BROWN. I hope it will be remembered
that a resolution was passed giving to-day for the
business of the District of Columbia; and it must
necesarily take precedence of any motion made
subsequently to set aside that positive resolution.
Air. SHIELDS. That was to take effect after
one o'clock.
Air. BROWN. It is for the whole day, sir.
Air. GWIN. If I have aright to call up that
privileged question, I wish to doit. If the Chair
decides i have not the right, I will not do so. 1
shall not detain^he Senate ten minutes.
Air. BRIGHT. I shall certainly vote with the
Senatoi fiom California when his* motion comes
up; but I hope he will not press it this morning,
it will not embarrass the motion to let it he over
til] next week.
Air. G WIN. I do not want to detain this bill
from going to the House. I make the motion to
reconsider in good faith, for the purpose of sug-
gestingsome amendments, which i think all those
who favor the project will accept at once. Aly ob-
ject is not to have the appearance of detaining the
bill from the House of Representatives, by the mo-
tion 1 have made. I do not want to interfere with
the District business, because I think a day ought
to be appropriated for it; but if Senators on the
other side have anv objection to my motion, let
lt gojjver till Alonday mm iiin^. i shall call it
up then; and I have a very few remarks to make
on the subject.
Air. BRIGHT. It is manifest that if the mo-
tion be taken up this Piotning, it will Fad to d.:;-
cussion, and lnterfeie i,rr<at!v with the business
that has b.-en setapait foi to-day. 1 hope, there-
foie, the Senator horn California will not press it.
Mi. BELL. I had supposed that the morning
houi was not included jn the icsoUuion leiKied
to by the Senator lion Ali^sissippi.
All. G WIN. I shall certainly not go beyond
the morning hour.
Mr. BELL. 1 slui'l not be tenacious about it,
anywnv. 1 suppose the question can be disposed
of wilinn the tuornn>\f hour.
Mr. GW1N. 1 Jhi.ik >ve can dispose of it in
a shoi t 11 me.
Mr BRIGHT. If it be the understanding that
at oneoVIoek vv shall proced to execute the
older for District busme0:j, I wdl yield umil that
hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
understand that to be the seiue of the Senate, un-
less objt ete.'l to.
Air. Sl'UELDJ. Before tin honorable Senator
from California calls up that mo^on, I wish to
say that there is a bill here of a local nature \\ inch
interests a number of citizens of Almnesota, and
u Inch will not occupy the attention of the Senate
more than five minutes.
Air. G WIN. The Senator i^ aware that I must
£ive way at one oYlwck for District business,
i have but a very few moments to get through
before one o'clock, and then it is a motion to re-
consider a bill that h ^ been before the Senate for
a long tune. I know he will understand that 1
would accommodate linn if i could; but 1 have
but a very short tune, and [ cannot yield to him
now. 1 am not going to detain the Senate.
Air. STUART. Is the motion to reconsider
now pending ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
'Air. STUART. I thought the question was
as to whether we should take up the motion.
Air. G WIN. I believe there is no objection to
its being: taken up.
Air. STUART. I only wish to say this on
that subject: 1 do not wish to interrupt the Sen-
ator, but I wish to piotest airamst the suggestion
he made. I did not hear the Chair decide that
he has a right to call up that motion at any time
againstany oibermotion. He has the rightto make
the motion, and have it entered at any time; but
he has not the ughf to call it up, unless he can get
the floor when there is no other business before
the Senat".
Air. GWiN. I did not make that motion, but
left to the Chair to decide the question. 1 have
made this motion to reconsider under the belief
that, when the bill was originally framed by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Beli.,] he contem-
plated its recommitment to a select committee, and
therefoie he did not, probaoly,go into the details
with that degree of accuracy timt he otherwise
would have done if he had supposed the bill would
have received as it did the immediate action of the
Senate. With that understanding, I wish to sug-
gest some amendments which I "ihmk will make
the bill more acceptable to those who are favora-
ble to that mode of presenting the subject to the
country.
In the first section the bill proposes to invite
separate proposals for the construction and work-
ing of three roads from the valley of the Missis-
sippi to the Pacific ocean. In my judgment, it
would greatly facilitate the reception of bona fide
bids, if the bill declared specifically whether or
not those bids were to be considered for the
construction of three roads, or whether the bids
on the three routes were to be considered, and
then Congiess was to take up those bids and de-
cide that they would build one road, and accept a
bid for one. The reason for that is this: if the
Congress of the United States intends to provide
for the building of three roads, it should be spe-
cifically stated, it is admitted on all hands that
there is to be largo Government aid for one or
two or three roads; but if the bidders understand
that if their bids for the construction of one road
were accepted, and that it would be the only
i road that would be constructed at the pieseut time,
they would agree to execute the wotk on much
better terms for the Government, because they
would then huvo the whole of its patronage to aid
them in the construction of thewoik, together
with the travel on it, and the transportation of
heights.
I think, therefore, the bill ought to be more spe-
cific; because, m another section,, it lather inti-
mates that separate bids are to be received and
to be considered. If the friends of the measure,
howevei, intend that the bids forthethiee routes
shall be given m good faith to build thice roads,
it Ktukes me they ought to amend the second sec-
tion m some degree to make that certain befoie
the country; but, if it is the intention to receive
bids for three routes, and then for Congress to
select one route and hold the bidders to the build-
ing of that road, with the understanding that they
aie to have the whole patronage of the Govern-
ment to aid m its construction and the future
wui king of it, 1 think it will produce a very bene-
ficial effect in the reception of the bids; and I
make the suggestion that the bill be amendod in
that respect.
The second section provides that, for the cen-
tral and southern routes. " there shall be separate
proposals for the construction of said roads from
the eastern termini to some suitable point on the
| eastern boundary of the State of California." It
| seems to me, that conflicts with the first section,
j which provides that bids shall be received for a
J southern-road to San Francisco, and a central road
to San Fmncisco or Benicia. The second section
says these bids shall only be recei\ed for a road
to the eastern boundary of the State of Cabfor ma.
Here is certainly a conflict. While one set of bids
would be put in for carrying the road to the waters
of the Pacilic ocean at San Francisco or Benicia,
the second section contemplates that the bids
shall be made for a road to the eastern boundary
of California. 1 can well understand the reason
for that. It was to avoid the objection that might
be made to the Government of the United States
contracting to cai ry the road through a State; but
it seems to me if the bill had gone further, and
said at the same time that these bids were to be
teceivcd to build the road from the waters of the
Mississippi river to the eastern border of the State
of California, it should also have said bids will
also be received for" building a road from San
Fiancisco or Benicia on the central route, and
San Francisco on the southern route, to the east-
ern border. In that way we should have had a
system under the first and second sections. The
first section contemplates the reef ption of bids
for building a road to San Francisco on the south-
ern route and the central route. Thtn under the
s >cond section we should have had bids fora road
to the eastern boundary of the State of California,
and from that to the points indicated in the first
section.
I suggest it as a possibility, and there is a great
