1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
usual arrangements being made, in advance, for
the extinguishmentof the title of the Indians who
occupied and claimed the lands. Intruded upon,
ousted of their homes and possessions without
any compensation, and deprived, in most cases,
of their accustomed means of support, without
any arrangements having been made to enable
them to establish and maintain themselves in
other locations, it is not a matter of surprise that
they have committed many depredations upon
our citizens and been exasperated to frequent acts
of hostility.
The Indians in Oregon and Washington num-
ber about forty-two thousand, and are divided
into thirty-five tribes and bands. The only trea-
ties in force with any of them are with those who
inhabited the valuable sections of country em-
braced in the Rogue river, Umpqua, and Willa-
mette valleys.
After repeated acts of hostility and continued
depredations upon the white settlers,the Indians
in Oregon were removed to, and are now living
upon, the reservations—one on the western, and
the other on the eastern side of the coast range of
mountains; and the country to which their title
was extinguished has rapidly filled up with an
enterprising and thrifty population. In the year
1855 treaties were also entered into by the super-
intendent of Indiarr affairs for Oregon, and by
Governor Stevens, ex officio superintendent for
Washington Territory, with various other tribes
and bands, for the purpose of extinguishing their
title to large tracts of country which were needed
for the extension of our settlements, and to pro-
vide homes for the Indians in other and more
suitable locations, where they could be controlled
and domesticated. These treaties not having been
ratified, the Indians were sorely disappointed in
consequence of the expectations they were led to
entertain of benefits and advantages to be derived
from them not being realized. Moreover, the
whites have gone on to occupy their country with-
out regard to their rights, which has led the In-
dians to believe that they were to be dispossessed
of it without compensation or any provision be-
ing made for them.
This state of things has naturally had a tend-
ency to exasperate them, and, in the opinion of
well-informed persons, has been the cause of their
recent acts of hostility. The belief is confidently
entertained that, had the treaties referred lo been
ratified and put in course of execution, the diffi-
culties that have occurred would not have taken
place; and there can be but little if any doubt that
the cost of the military operations to subdue the
Indians, and the losses sustained by our citizens
from their depredations and hostilities, will
amount to a far greater sum than would have been
required to extinguish their title and establish and
maintain them for the necessary period on prop-
erly selected reservations, had that policy in re-
spect to them been sanctioned, and timely meas-
ures taken to carry it out.
It cannot be expected thatlndians situated like
those in Oregon and Washington, occupying ex-
tensive sections of country, where, from the game
and otherwise, they derive a comfortable sup-
port, will quietly and peaceably submit, without
any equivalent, to be deprived of their homes and
possessions, and to be driven off to some other
locality, where they cannot find theirusual means
of subsistence. Such a proceeding is not only
contrary to our policy hitherto, but is repugnant
alike to the dictates of humanity and the princi-
ples of natural justice. In all cases where the ne-
cessities of our rapidlyyincreasing population have
compelled us to displace the Indian, we have ever
regarded it as a sacred and binding obligation to
provide hini with a home elsewhere, and to con-
tribute liberally to his support until he could re-
establish and maintain himself in his new place
of residence. The policy, it is true, has been a
costly one, but wc have been amply repaid its
expense by the revenue obtained from the sale of
the lands acquired from the Indians, and by the
rapid extension of our settlements, and the cor-
responding increase in the rqsourcesand prosper-
ity of our country.
One of the difficulties attending the management
of Indian affairs ill Oregon and Washington is
the insufficiency of one superintendent for the
great extent of country and the numerous tribes
and large number of Indians in the two Territo-
ries. The superintendent reiterates his former
representations respecting the necessity for two
additional superintendencies; and your attention
is respectfully recalled to the subject, as presented
in the report from this office on the 6th of May last.
The superintendentagam represents the neces-
sity for the employment of a small war steamer
for the protection of our settlements and the
friendly Indians along Puget Sound and the
waters of Admiralty Inlet, from the hostile and
predatory visits of the warlike Indians from Van-
couver's Island and the neighboring British and
Russian possessions; who move so swiftly in their
large boats that it is impossible to overtake or cut
them off except by means of such a vessel.
The policy of concentrating the Indians on small
reservations of land, and of sustaining them there
for a limited period, until they can be induced to
make the necessary exertions to support them-
selves, was commenced in 1853 with those in Cal-
ifornia. It is in fact the only course compatible
with the obligations of justice and humanity left
to be pursued in regard to all those which our ad-
vancing settlements render new and permanent
arrangements necessary. We have no longer dis-
tant and extensive sections of country which we
can assign them, abounding in game from which
they could derive a ready and comfortable sup-
port—a resource which has in a great measure
failed them where they are, and in consequence
of which they must, at times, be subjected to the
pangs of hunger, if not actual starvation, or ob-
tain a subsistence by depredations upon our fron-
tier settlements. If it were practicable to prevent
such depredations, the alternative to providing
for the Indians, in the manner indicated, would
be to leave them to starve; but as it is impossible,
in consequence of the very great extent of our
frontier, and our limited military force, to ade-
quately guard against such occurrences, the only
alternative, in fact, to making such provision for [
them, is to exterminate them. j
Five reservations have been established in Cal- j
ifornia, on which, according to the reports of the |
agents, 11,239 Indians have been located; two in j
Oregon, with 3,200 Indians; and two in Texas,
with 1,483. The whole amount expended in
carrying out this system, thus far, has been
$1,173,000 in California, and $301,833 73 in Tex-
as. The exact sum which has been expended on
account of the reservations in Oregon has not yet
been ascertained: but the whole amount disbursed
for Indian purposes in that and the Territory of 1
Washington since 1852, up to the 1st of July ;
last, is ftl,323.000. The amount disbursed in !j
New Mexico, for the same penod^and purpose, |j
is $212,506; and m Utah, from 1^53 to the 1st of ,,
July last, $172,000. The operations thus far m !;
carrying out the reservation system can properly
be legarded as only experimental. Time and
experience were required to develop any defects ,
connected with it, and to demonstrate the proper j,
remedies therefor. From a careful examination of*,
the subject, and the best information in the pos- !j
session of the Department in regard to it, I am |j
satisfied that serious errors have been committed; !>
that a much larger amount has been expended ;
than was necessary, and with but limited and
insufficient results. ;;
From what is stated by the superintendent for >
Oregon and Washington, m his annual report;;
herewith, in regdid to the two reservations in
Oregon, it is apprehended that a great mistake 1
was made iirtheirlocation; the lauds not appear-
ing to be such as will afioid the Indians a comfort- 1
able support by their cultivation, and that, con-
sequently, so long as they are kept there, they
must be entirely sustained, at an enormous ex- j
pense, by the Government.
From accompanying reports, it would seem that
in California, a greater number of reservations |!
have been established, and a much heavier ex-
pense incurred, than the condition and circum-
stances of the Indiana required; as has probably I;
been the case in respect of all the reservations or \ \
Indian colonies that have been commenced. In i'
the outset, it was the confident expectation that
the heavy expense attending these colonies would \>
rapidly dimmish from year to year, and that after jj
the third year at furthest, they would require but H
little if any outlay on the part of the Government; i,
the Indians, in the mean time, being taught to sup-
port themselves by their own exertions. Thisex-
pectation has not been realized; neither have the
expenses been diminished, nor the Indians been
materially improved. The fault has not, however,
: it is believed, been in the system, but in the man-
ner in which it has been carried out. Too many
persons have been employed to control, assist,
and work for the Indians, and too much has been
done for them in other respects. They have nofc
been sufficiently thrown upon theirown resources,
and hence the colonies have not become any more
competent to sustain themselves than they were
when they firat commenced. Time and experience
having developed the errors of the system, the
proper reforms are now being introduced.
No more reservations should be established
than are absolutely necessary for such Indians
as have been, or it may be necessary to displace,
in consequence of the extension of our settlements,
and whose resources have thereby been cut off,
or so diminished that they cannot sustain them-
selves in their accustomed manner. Great care
should be taken in the selection of the reserva-
tions, so as to isolate the Indians for a time from
contact and interference from the whites. They
should embrace good lands, which will well re-
pay the efforts to cultivate them. No white per-
sons should be suffered to go upon the reserva-
tions; and, after the first year, the lands should
be divided and assigned to the Indians, in sever-
alty; every one being required to remain on his
own tract, and to cultivate it; no persons being
employed for them, except the requisite mechan-
ics to keep their tools and implements in repair,
and such as maybe necessary, for a time, to teach
them how to conduct their agricultural operations,
and to take care of their stock. They should also
have the advantage of well-conducted manual-
labor schools for the education of their youth in
letters, habits of industry, and a knowledge of
agriculture, and the simpler mechanic arts. By
the adoption of this course, it is believed that th«
colonies can very soon be made to' sustain them-
selves; or so nearly so, that the Government will
be subjected to but a comparatively trifling an-
nual expense on account of them. But it is es-
sential to the success of the system that there
should be a sufficient military force in the vicin-
ity of the reservations to prevent the intrusion of
improper persons upon them, to afford protection
to the agents, and to aid in controlling the Indians
and keeping them within the limits assigned to
them.
' It would materially aid the Department in its
efforts to carry out the system successfully, in
respect to the Indians in California, if that State
would, like Texas, so far relinquish to the Gen-
eial Government her jurisdiction over the reser-
vations to be permanently retained there, as to
admit of the trade and intercourse laws being put
in force within their limits, so as to secure the In-
dians against improper interference and inter-
course, and to prevent the traffic with them in
ardent spirits. Much good could also probably
be accomplished by the introduction of a judi-
cious system of apprenticeship, by which the
orphans and other children, of both sexes, could
be bound out for a term of years to upright and
humane persons, to be taught suitable trades and
occupations; provided the necessary State laws
were enacted to authorize and regulate such a
system. I would suggest the propriety of an ap-
plication being made to the proper authorities of
California for the requisite State legislation on
both these subjects.
The only additional information of any im-
portance respecting the Indians m Arizona, which
has been obtained since the last annual report,
will be found in the accompanying report of Go-
dard Baily, special agent, on the subject of Indian
affairs m that Territory. Concurring generally
in the suggestions made b3/ him, I would call spe-
cial attention to his recommendations in regard
to the Pimas and Maricopa bands. The loyal
character of these Indians, and their uniform
kindness towards our emigration and other citi-
zens, justly entitle them to kind and generous
treatment in return. Measures should be adopted
to secure them in the possession of their lands,
and they should be furnished with somk agricul-
tural implements and seed*, and alst> the means
