THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
to" the Senate that, having consumed half this
session with this tjuestion of a Pacific railroad
bill, We have got it in the only 3hape probably that
a majority of the Senate would agree to, if we
were to occupy the remainder of the session upon
it. It certainly seems to mc so. Many of the
suggestions that have been made this morning,
certainly f cannot agree' to; and from that I infer j
there are many other Senators* entertaining the i
samevfews; and inasmuch as the time allowed i
fbr the consideration of this subject this morning
has nearty expired, to end the question, 1 move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan allow me one word? I shall not go past the
hour.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SIMMONS. At some time I want to call
the attention of the Senator from California to
some remarks he made the other day when I was
out, in which he was greatly mistaken as to what
I had said in that debate, fie stated:
"Mr. <} wint. Tlio Senator ftom llhode Island [Mr. Sim-
mons] said that I had uncovered the objeel or the bill inns
former shape, by stating that it was originally formed so as
to give, or at least was advocated by ran on the ground tlj,at
it gave, a power to the President of the United States to se-
lect any route he might choose. Weil, Mr. Piesidcnt, that
is not so. I have never said Mich a tinng; I have never
advocated such a thing. The Senator lias misrepresented
my whole obxect and my whole design in advocating this
measure. I stated to the Senate that the original bill tixed
a terminus on this side, and a terminus on the other side,
that would favor the building of a central road, and give
sucti an advantage to that route, that, if it was practicable,
the road must be buiit there. I said that I wanted to leave
money to select the best route, we fixing a terminus that
would meet the wants of the countiy on each side of the
Xioeky Mountains."
I think, if the Senator had heard mo, he would
have found that I never said any such thing as he
attributed to mc.
Mr. GWIN. I certainly so understood the
Senator; and I listened to him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will read to the. Senator
what I did say; and he will see that he was wholly
mistaken.
Mr. GWIN. I hope I was mistaken.
Mr. SIMMONS. He made other imputations
which, when I have ten mmutes, I shall call at-
tention to.
Mr. GWIN. That is on specific duties, I sup-
pose.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I will read the report of
what I said, which, I presume, is correct, so that
he will see that I said no such thing as he sup-
posed. What I did say is thus reported:
" There are a great many friends of a Pacific laih'oart that
J know of who would vote against that proposition ; and
when the Senator from California uneoveied the plan, and
showed that under that proposition the mad could begin at
the eastern end oftiio middle route, an ifnm aioimd by the
southern or nmthern route to reach California in a cueuit-
ous manner, that would have defeated it of itself. Those
who were toi a Pacific railroad were willing to take the
responsibility of putting it between two parallels ; but tiiat
was defeated. 1 do not designate these mads by geogiapli-
lcal names; and if 1 could have my animations grati-
fied, there Would not tie, in the nomenclature of any Amer-
ican statesman, a name indicating a section oi'poitiou
of this country as distinguished 1'iom the rest. I do not
think it is patriotic to call tlie-,0 sppiional roads ; and I do
not think it is very patriotic to be talking about North and
fclouth always ; but I believe natuie has designated a cen-
tral route, and it is demanded by the convenience of the
whole country that it shall not go to one euietue or the
other. If you are to have tltiee loads, however, you may
have one central, and one on each extreme , and X am sat-
isfied."
Mr. GWIN. I understood the Senator as I
stated; and the imputation which I understood
him to make had been so often made against me
that I wanted to correct it; and I did it at that
moment. I take the words of the Senator, as re-
ported, as his true meaning, and modify my own
remarks accordingly.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will take some other time
to reply to numerous other parts of the Senator's
speech.
Mr. STUART. I renew my motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mi* DA VIS. I hope the Senator will not make
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Maso.v in
the chair;) The motion is not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that; but I ask the
Senator to withdraw it.
Mr. STUART. Does the Senator desire to de-
bate it?
Mr. DAYIS. No; I<only wish to make a re-
mark.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the confusion which
exists in the present bill is sufficient reason for
reconsidering it, and either recommitting it or re-
constructing it in the Senate. I think the objec-
tions stated by the Senator from California are
well taken. From the first section, it appears, the
roads are to run to the Pacific. In the second,
they are to terminate at the eastern boundary of
California. Again, I do not perceive how it would
be possible for any one to make the examination
which would justify him in bidding upon the va-
rious propositions which are submitted. I will
suppose one now to be honestly bidding, and bid-
ding upon knowledge: it involves an inquiry
which it is Jiardly possible for an individual to
make. As much as could be^ fairly expected, I
think, would be that the individual should select
the route on which he expected to construct the
road, and then, studying out the elements con-
tained in it, make a proposition.
Again, I think we should have guarantees to
sccure us against fictitious, or what are termed
straw bids. It is quite apparent that no such pro-
vision is made in this bill. A bidder is to state
what guarantees he will give. Instead of that, I
think Congress should prescribe the guarantees
which would be required, so that we should be
assured, when a bid was made, that it was by a
responsible party, who really intended to comply
with the terms of the bid if it should be accepted.
I find no such provisions in the present bill. Its
advocates had better correct it before it passes
from the body.
Mr. BELL. Was the Senator in the Chamber
when I made my remarks on that point?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not speak of the Senator's
remarks. So far as his wish to prevent fictitious
bidding is concerned, I do not question that. I
speak of the bill as it stands.
Mr. BELL. I speak of that, too.
Mr. DAVIS. I speak of what the Secretary
of the Interior is to do under the bill, and what
the bidders will do under the bill 
Mr. BELL. The Senator will allow me to re-
peat, if he did not hear me, that I considered the
best provision for a guarantee is placed in the bill,
and that is: that bidders shall state what guaran-
tee they propose to give for their fidelity. Their
real bona fides, ill making a proposition, will be
developed when they state what guarantees they
are willing to give. We cannot ask anything
more or better. We cannot suppose you would
requir^them to deposit five hundred thousand or
a million dollars m making a bid. I require them
to state what guarantees they propose for the
bona fides of their bid.
Mr. DAVIS. It is very easy, then, for abidder
to say that he proposes to give responsible per-
sons in a bond of millions, if he pleases. Who
those responsible persons are, it is impossible to
know; and where the bidder is to be found, will
be equaily difficult to determine.
Mr. BROWN. I must now insist on the special
order.
Mr. STUAHT. 1 renew my motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table, so as to end the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair con-
siders it obligatory on the Chair, unless otherwise
directed, to take up District of Columbia business
! at this hour.
■ Mr. STUART. I suppose the Senator from
I Mississippi will consent to my motion.
! Mr. BROWN. No; for the yens and nays will
i be ordered, and time consumed.
! Mr. STUART. Then I make the motion, and
! that motion mav lie over.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
1 treated as the pending motion.
LIGHTING OF THE MALL.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 510) to provide for the light-
ing with gas certain streets across the mall.
It appropriates $6,400 for laying down gas pipes
and erecting gas lamps on Four-and-a-half street,
Seventh street, and Twelfth street, across the plat
of earth described in the plan of the city as res-
ervation Nos. 2 and 3, commonly known as the
mall, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROTECTION OP PROPERTY.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No. 489)
to prevent malicious mischief, and protect prop-
erty in the District of Columbia, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides that if, hereafter, any person shall
commit any trespass whatever upon the lands
within the limits of the District of Columbia, or
shall come on the same with dog or gun, and shall
not immediately leave the premises upon notifica-
tion of the owner or occupier, he shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction
before a justice of the peace, shall be fined not
less than ten nor more than fifty dollars, for each
offense; and in default of payment may be com-
mitted to the county jail until the fine and all the
costs of the proceedings are fully paid: or the
justices may, in their discretion, hold the offender
to bail for his appearance before the aext criminal
court; and, upon presentment and conviction be-
fore that court, the offender may be confined in
the county jail for not loss than ten nor more than
thirty days, in the discretion of the court; and
the informer shall be a competent witness in all
such prosecutions.
It further provides that it shall be lawful forthe
owner or occupier of the lands and premises upon
which any trespass shall be committed, to arrest
the person offending and take him before a justice
of the peace, to be dealt with according to the pro-
visions of this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No. 505)
to amend the " Act to incorporate the Provident
Association of Clerks in the civil departments of
the Government of the United States, in the Dis-
trict ofColumbia," was read thesecond time, and
considered as in Committee of the "Whole.
It proposes to amend the charter of the Provi-
dent Association of Cleiks, so tluit any member
of the association may, on giving one month's no-
tice to the president and board of officers, with-
draw from the association, and receive out of its
funds and assets such sum as 'ho president and
board of officers may consider just and equitable,
but in no case to exceed the amount he may have
contributed, with interest at the rate of six per
centum, nor his distributive share of the entire
assets if distributed pro rata. This bill must first,
however, be accepted by a majority of the mem-
bers of the association present at a general meet-
ing held for the purpose, to be convened after
giving one month's notice in some newspaper
printed and published in Washington city.
| The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
! time, and passed.
i| tavern and other licenses.
11 On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
'j the bill (S. No. C.1G) to authorize the levy court
I to issue tavern and other licenses in the District
It of Columbia.
! It proposes to transfer the authority now exer-
' cised by the circuit court of the county of Wash-
■ ' ington,in the District of Columbia, under and by
| virtue of the laws of the State of Maryland, so far
'j as relates to the licensing of taverns and ordina-
■ ! ries, so as to authorize the levy court of Wash-
ington county to grant licenses to keepers of tav-
erns and ordinaries, to hawkers and peddlers,
billiaid tables, bowling saloons, and auctioneers,
in that part of the county of Washington beyond
the corporate limits of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, under such restrictions and pen-
alties as the said levy court may by law deem ex-
pedient.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALLEYS IN WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. BROWN the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 535) conferring certain powers
