I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
m
relating to alleys in the corporation of the city of
Washington.
In all cases in which any alley in Washington
city has Wen, or shall hereafter he, closed by vir-
tue of any law, the Mayor of the city is author-
ized by this bill, upon the request of the parties
interested, to convey to the person or persons
within whose lines such closed alley, or any part
of it, may be embraced, the land covered or em-
braced in such alley or part of an alley, in fee
simple; all damages whicl  may accrue to any in-
dividual in consequence of the opening, extend-
ing, closing, or changing of any alley, is to be
assessed by the board of assessors, in place of
the manner of assessing now provided by law.
Whenever the proprietor or proprietors of an en-
tire square shall cause to be recorded m the office
of the surveyor of the city, a plat of such square,
whereby the alley in the square, or any part of
it, has been closed, the Mayor of the city is to
have power to convey in fee simple to him or
them such closed alley and the land covered by it
as may be, according to the plat, embiaced with-
in his or their lines.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BROWN. 1 now call up for consideration
the bill introduced (his morning by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] with reference to
the Washington Monument Association.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
544) to incorporate the Washington National
Monument Society was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. BROWN. That bill is rather long, and I
will state to the Senate that it is precisely in the
words in which we passed one last year. It went
to the House of Representatives, and by some
mistake was laid on the table. Members of the
House tell me they are sorry it was done, and
ask us to pass the same bill and send it back to
them. We may as well dispense with the read-
ing of the bill. Nobody is listening to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is suggested
to the Chair that there are some portions m man-
uscript which had better be read.
Mr. BROWN. Very well. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The manu-
script portions will be read. '
The Secretary read those provisions; which are,
to prohibit the society from issuing any bank-
notes or script, and holding each of the corpora-
tors liable in his individual capacity for all debts
and liabilities of the corporation, however con-
tracted and incurred, to be recovered by suit as
other debts and liabilities, before any court of
competent jurisdiction, with a proviso that they
shall not be individually liable for any debt or
liability contracted in the name or behalf of the
Washington National MonumcntSociety, at any
time prior to the 20th of October, 1858.
The-bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RAILWAY ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to take up the bill
H. R. No. 541, being ajoill in relation to a rail-
way along Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington
city, in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to authorize Gilbert Yanderwerlcen,
Bayard Clarke, Asa P. Robinson, and their as-
signs, at their own expense, to construct and lay
down a double-track railway, with the necessary
switches and turnouts, in the city of Washing-
ton, through Pennsylvania avenue and Fifteenth
street,-from the west gate of the Capitol to High
street, in Georgetown, with the right to run pub-
lic carriages thereon, drawn by horse-power, for
the transportation of passengers, receiving there-
for a rate of fare not exceeding five cents per pas-
senger for any distance between the termini, and
subject to such other regulations, as to the rate of
fare, as Congress may from time to time pre-
scribe; and the maintenance and use of the road
are to be subject to the municipal regulations of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown respect-
ively. The railway isto be laid in the center of
the avenue and streets, in the most approved man-
ner adopted for street railways:, with rails of the
grooved pattern, laid upon an even surface with
the pavement of the streets. The gauge of the
tracks, and the space between them, is not to be
more than four feet, and the carriages aot to ex-
ceed six feet in width. Each carriage is to have
capacity for not more than twenty-four passen-
gers,'and be drawn by one or two horses. The
parties are to keep the tracks, and the pavements
within the outer rail and for three feet outside of
the rails on either side, always in good repair,
without expense to the Government of the United
Statesor the governmentsof the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown. The privileges thus
granted are to continue for the term of twenty-five
, years; butat any time'during that period the Gov-
! ernment or the authorities of the city of Wash-
' ington are to have the right !p take possession of
the railway, with the personal property belong-
ing to it and necessary to its operation, upon pay-
ment to the parties and their assigns of the ap-
praised value, the appraisements to be made by
one person to be selected by the President of the
United States, another by the parties, and, in the
event of their disagreement, by a third person, to
be selected bythe persons so named. Unless the
railway be commenced within six months from
the passage of the act, and be completed witlim
two years, the act is to be null and.void. The
penaltyfora non-fulfillment of the obligations im-
posed upon the parties by the act is to bo the for-
feiture of all the privileges granted; and the Con-
gress of the United States reserves the right to
alter, amend, or annul the act at pleasure; and
nothing in the act is to prevent the Government,
at any time, at their option, from altering the
grade or otherwise improving Pennsylvania av-
enue.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported the. bill, with an amendment to strike otit,
in line eight, of section one, the words "the city
line of," and insert "lligh street in," so that the
clause should read: " from the west gate of the
Capitol to High street, in Georgetown."
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to withdraw
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be withdrawn by general consent.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as an'original
proposition, I was opposed to putting any rail-
road upon the avenue at all; and I should con-
tinue to occupy that position bow, believed I
should be sustained in it by the sentiment of the
Senate, or the sentiment of Washington city. I
have not believed, and do not now believe, that
the avenue ought to be encumbered with a rail-
road of any kind; but, in this opinion, I was
first overruled bythe committee of which I am
a member, clearly overruled by the sentiment of
Washington, and, 1 believe, no doubt overruled
by ,a very large majority of the Senate, it being
the opinion of oil parties that there ought to be a
railroad put upon the avenue.
Then the question arises, to whom will you
grant the. privilege? Who shall have the fran-
| chigef Upon thispoint there was, up to thcopen-
! ing of the present session of Congress, so far as
i I knew or believed, but one sentiment, and that
I was in favor of the proprietors named in this bill.
! By their superior sagacity, it may be, or by their
I extraordinary vigilance, luey succeeded, at the
! last session, in pressing this bill through the
! House of Representatives. They brought it to
i the Senate; line it was read twice, and referred
! to the Committee on the District of Columbia
I I made there my first opposition to it, on the
! ground, as I stated before, that there should be
; no road of this character upo-n the avenue. After
| several weeks of discussion, 1, in obedience to the
! order of the committee, reported the bill to the
| Senate. Here it lay during the remainder of the
i session; I refusing, with my sentiments, to call
j it up; and no other person choosing to do it.
[ When it became apparent that the bill would pass,
I other parties came forward and sought the priv-
' ilege proposed to be granted to these proprietors.
| When they had got their bill, almost through,and
i when, I think, but for my individual opposition
, to it. it would have passed, others seemed sud-
; denly to have waked up to the importance of this
I question, and came to snatch from these parties
i privileges which they first brought to the notice
of the public, and which, doubtless, no one would
ever have considered bui far their.vigilance,.ac-
tivity, and zeal. '
I have not thought, and, do net now think,Ahjtt
that eagle policy which allows the king of: birda
to perch upon his eyrie and wait' until othec eyjd'
lesser birds have caught the fish, and. theA to
swoop arid take it from him, is exactly right Jn
legislation, or anything else. I believe, if.this
franchise is to be "granted at all, it ought to-be
granted to tbe persons named in this bill. They
have very many competitors, of whom I do net
mean to speaks One of them is the Metropolitan
Railroad Company, a company which Lthink.it
will turn out, in the eourse of this discussion, is
composed of men of fortune to some.extent, who
have liad an act of incorporation lying at their
hands for years, which they have not taken ad-
vantage of, and under which they, have not
labored. They have long since had the privilege
of constructing the sort of road through the streets
of Washington, which they asked the privilege
to construct; the is, a railroad from the George-
town line to the depot of the Washington and
Baltimore railroad. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] shakes liis head; but I think they
have such a privilege. If they ever asked it*I
am very sure it was not denied.
Mr. CLAY. It passed the House, not the Sen-
ate, I think.
Mr. BROWN. That is a separate proposition
from this; but that privilege I shall certainly not
oppose giving them. Then there come in other
parties. Mr. Reeside and his associates have
come in within the last few days with their prop-
osition to take this franchise. I only want to do
justice to everybody. It is complained that this
company is composed chiefly of#1011-residents.
That is a mistake to begin with. Since gentle-
men run into the error, 1 may as well show who
they are. I have received abetter this morning
wluch I will send to the Secretary's desk and ask
tQ have read. It is very short.
The Secretary read the following letter;
Washington, January 2d, 1859.
Sir: In view of the fact that representations have been
made that the paities interested in the bill authorizing a
passenger railway upon Pennsylvania avenue, and now
pending feefore the Senate, aronotwesidents of the District,
we beg to say that a large majority in interest and numbers
of said parties are bona fide residents of the District,. and
have been so for many years.
Verv respectfully your obedient servants,
THOMAS BERRY,
O.S.GIDEON,
WM. L HODGE,
ROBERT OULD,
WALTER LENOX,
CIIAS. W. BOTELER, jr.,
G. VANDERWERKEN,
J.MARTIN.
Hon. AfrG. Brown, Chairman of the Senate Committee on
the DULiid of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. So much for the point that these
are non-residents. Then it is said that these par-
ties only construct their road from the Capitol
gate to Georgetown, whereas .other parties pro-
pose to go to.the navy-yard. I have their me-
morial, asking the privilege of extending this road
to the navy-yard, and excusing themselves from
not incorporating it into the original bill, on a
ground which Senators will see is a just one. The
Government isaboutto extend the grounds around
the Capitol; whether they will go to B street or
C street, on either side of the Capitol, these par-
ties could not know, and they therefore could not
ask for the privilege of putting down a railroad
around theCapitol Hill,and working it after they
had got it, until they first knew how far you pro-
j posed to extend your grounds. When you have
; done that, and shall designate by what route they
; shall approach the navy-yard, they not only de-
' sire to do it, but are here with their memorial ask-
ing the privilege of doing it; so that there is notli- ^
ing in that point.
Now, Mr. President, as I do not mea* to dis-
cuss this question, as really it is one in which I
do not take a deep interest, as Senators have al-
ready seen, except to do justice between the con-
flicting interests, 1 will only say a word further.,
I am opposed to amending this bill,for the reason
that amendments necessarily send it back to-the
House of Representatives, where it may be lost.
I do not want to be annoyed with the question
any further. If the Senate is determined to give
this franchise to anybody, ! do not think there is
a party in the world better entitled to it than these
