44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 18,
S5th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
and the great increase in the expenditure for this j
purpose is mainly owing to the extension of the
Capitoi. It is impossible to estimate, with any
degree of certainty, the cost of the gas consumed
by i{je Government, as it will be materially af-
fected by the number of nights Congress may
set, which cannot be foreseen. There is no waste
of gas so far as the consumption is under my
control, great care being taken not to have any
more lights than are necessary, and to extinguish
them as soon as they are not required. All leaks
are searched after and detected with the ieast pos-
sible delay, and promptly remedied.
The beneficence of Congress in annually ma-
lting an appropriation for the medical treatment
of non-resident paupers in the Washington In-
firmary, cannot be too highly appreciated. The
poor and destitute, who receive the benefit of it,
nave great cause to be thankful that the Govern-
ment makes such a humane provision for them, <
During the last two months the Infirmary has j
been pretty much filled with Government patients, J
persons who have been drawn to the city from i
various pans of the country to make theexcava- I
tions for laying the water-pipes which are to con- 1
nect with the aqueduct. But for the provision I
which Congress had made for them I know not
what would have become of them. In a strange
city, without means, and the hand of sickness
pressing heavily upon them, how deplorable
would have been their situation!
I herewith transmit to you the report of the
resident physician of the Infirmary, for the year
ending 30th June, lrf;")8.
The eastern portion of Pennsylvania avenue has
been graveled during the surninn. From the
amount of travel upon it, I do not. expect it will
long remain in good condition. It is the thor-
oughfare to the navy-yard and the Congressional
Burying Ground, and ought to be graded and
paved. The avenue west of the Capitol, it is ap-
prehended, will lie in a very bud condition, it
has been opened its whole length to admit water-
pipes; and, although i have caused the greatest
attention to be paid in filling up the excavations,
and ramming the earth befoie lektying the pave-
ment, I very much fear that it will sink inr many
places. *
The bridges over the Potomac have all been
repaired. The Navy-Yard and Anacost.a bridges
are in good order. Every thing that could be done
with the limited m'eana at my disposal.has been
done to strengthen the Long Budge. It is, how-
ever, in a toueung condition from age,audi have
noumich faith m us power of endurance. It could
hcaicely be expected to withstand a Hood of ice,
such as sometimes occur in the nver on bieaktng
up of winter. The heavy travel over it, ofomm- '
buses, wagons, and other vehicles, and droves of ,
cuttle, is last doing work ot destruction; ami, j
as it has been wuiWbserved that a budge is a '
ncccssiiij, I think there j.s no time to be lost m be- !
ginning the construction of a new one. j
Congiess,ut the last session, corrected the nns- •
take that had been made in the appropriation lor i
flagging the mam entrance to the Congiessionai j
Ihuying Ground, which limited the extent of it
to the Government vault. The whole length of
the avenue has been flagged, as was originally de- '
signed by the estimate, and authorized by the act
of the last session. The flagging of the central ,
avenue in the botanic garden, and of the walks :
leading to Maine and Missouri avenues, has been ;
finished. The walls of Tiber creek are still down, ;
and the banks have been very much washed and
injured by the heavy rains in the spring and early ;
part of lust summer, if the walls were erected 1
upon the plan suggested in my last report, there j
would bo no danger of iheir ever again tumbling i
down, and the creek would be a beautitul feature !
in the improvements of the garden.
A handsome and substantial iron foot-bridge
will be erected across the canal in a line with
Maine avenue during the present fall. The_ ap-
propriation was first made for a wooden bridge
with a double track, which was decided to be im-
practicable, owing to the wautot sufficient width
m Canal street to give it the necessary elevation.
At the last session Congress authorized the erec-
tion of such a bridge as I had suggested; and, as
I found that one of iron could be constructed for
the appropriation, I decided to select that material
on account of its greater durability, and because
the bridge would present a lighter, and in all re-
spects better appearance.
The west wing of the Patent Office building has
been finished, and every story of it is occupied.
The large saloon is magnificent, and elicits gen-
eral and unqualified* commendation for the sim-
plicity and beauty of its decorations. Its areas
and footways have been flagged, and a handsome
iron railing erected around it. In my last report
I informed you that the sub-basement of the north
front of the building had been set, and I promised
that there would be a handsome show of the work
done during the present season. That promise
has been fully redeemed, and the rapidity with
which the building has risen up is a matter almost
of wonderment. Two stories have been added,
and during the next working season it will be
roofed. All the work is of the most substantial
character, and has been executed with a skill that
cannot be excelled. When the whole building is
completed, it will be one of the handsomest pub-
lic edifices in the city, and will reflect great credit
upon all who have had any agency in its erection.
All the triangular spaces on Pennsylvania ave-
nue, between the Capitol and Georgetown, with
the exception of three in the western part of the
city, have been inclosed with an iron railing and
handsomely ornamented; and there is no reason
why the same attention should not be given to
those three. There are many of these triangular
spaces interspersed through the city, which the
Government will, sooner or later, have to inclose
and improve; and by providing yearly for two or
three of them, the whole work will be accom-
plished without feeling the expense.
Franklin square was puichased at a very low
price, and some of the parties who sold it to the
I Government allege that they were induced to take
I so small a sum under the assurance and expecta-
tion that it would be handsomely inclosed and
I improved as a place for public resort. It is one
| of the finest of the public squares, and the houses
' built abound it are among the best in the city. I
j really think that the Government is bound in
! good'faith to inclose and improve it.
! " In niy ieiM rt of October 11, 1855, I called the ,
; attention of your predecessor to the. importance
of filling up the public gi'ounds south of the Cap-
j ltol, between A and l> streets south, ami New Jer-
' sev avenue and Fnst street west; and I submitted
I an'estimate nf the amount necessary for the pur-
! piK-e. Congress had previously shown itsappre-
i elation of the impoitance of the work per act of
j March ;j, 1855, by making an appropriation in the
i following words:
| '• for mvuiovihj* tenets, grading street*, &o., preparatoiy
to tli«' cxten -.urn of the C.ipUol tquart', in aoeoulance wirh
! the pi,in MibmiUed l>v the t'oaimi.-Moiiei ot i'ublio Build
ins-', . Vroruieth That no p;irt ot tin-: «aim <<liail he
I expended except upon pioperty now owned by the United
i Shitef.."
j The Secretary of the Interior, while fully aware
: of the necessity of completing the work thus com-
! nitMiced, did not deem it a proper subject for ex-
: ecuttve recommendation, inasmuch as ithad been
I initiated by Congress. The #15,000 appropriated
| were expended almost entirely in filling up the
] public grounds north of the Capitol: and the small
I balance remaining was applied to similar work on
' the grounds south of the Capitol, whicih accom-
! phshed but little. No appropriation has since
! been made for the object. Serious inconvenience
! must result from the delay; and, to obviate it as
1 far as possible, the necessity for an appropriation
j to renew the work at the earliest practicable mo~
! ment is urgent. The south wing of the Capitol
extension is so near completion as to render it
appaieiuthat a convenient road-way of approach
to the building ou that side, when the grounds
shall be extended, cannot be made as soon as it
will be required, for the depth of the embankment
necessary is very great, and before any improve-
ments whatever, either plantations, walls for the
support of fences, stair-ways or road-ways can be
judiciously constructed upon its surface, it must
not only have been slowly and carefully made in
thin, successive layers, but it must also have had
time to settle and become perfectly compacted.
Even if it were possible to avoid any extension
of the present Capitol grounds, north or south,
the ultimate necessity for filling up the contiguous
public grounds to the grades of the avenues and
streets surrounding them would still remain; while
in view of the fact that they must be included in
any and every possible plan for the enlargement
of the Capitol grounds, and that, until they shall
be filled up, no approach to the Capitol on the
south, from Pennsylvania or Maryland avenues,
can be made, it is obviously most important that
the work should be commenccd as soon as pos-
sible. Thirty thousand dollars could be judi-
ciously expended upon this work during the next
season; and I deem it to be my duty respectfully
to recommend that an appropriation be asked for
that amount.
It is not inappropriate, in connection with this
subject, to state here that great public and private
injury is resulting from the delay in deciding upon
a plan for the extension of the Capitol grounds.
Many individuals owning property within the lim-
its of the various plans whicn have from time to
time been proposed are anxious to raaje im-
provements, butare prevented from doing so until
they can positively know the determination of
Congress whether it will be required for public
uses, or not; whilst others having lots within the
same limits, impatient of delay, are building
houses on them, which will add largely to their
value, and increase to that extent the cost to the
Government, if it should determine to purchase,
without the slightest benefit. Thus the Govern-
ment suffers in the steady jnciease in value of the
lots and the improvementsputupon them, the cit-
izens suffer from uncertainty and consequent, un-
willingness to improve their property, and the
city suffers from retardation of improvement in
quarters which need only the* adoption of any
fixed and determined plan for the extension of
the Capitol grounds to be occupied and embel-
lished by private residences worthy of proximity
to the Capitol. *
I beg leave to renew my recommendation of an
appropriation "for continuing the grading and
planting of the unimproved portions of the mall."
The general estimates of the last year included for
this purpose the sum of $10,000. Congress, how-
ever, unfortunately omitted to make the appropri-
ation, and the consequence has been that the un-
protected, newly-graded surface of the mall, has
suffered, from the rains, serious damage, which
will probably require from fifteen hundred to two
thousand dollars to make it good. It is not pre-
sumable that Congress, having commenced, and
byseveial successive appropriations persevered
in the improvement of this, the great central park
of the city, intended to abandon the work and let
the grounds relapse into their former rude and
unsightly condition. If it be thought desirable at
| present not to extend the work, the necessity will
. yet remain to repair and protect from further
j damage the portions already graded. The only
i effectual protection will be to finish them, which
j involves the construction of the necessary surface
| drams and sub-drains, and'the production of a
i good turf over the entire surface. To accomplish
j this, all of the appropriation asked for will be re-
[ quired,
| The filling up of the ravine and the grading of
i Judiciary squar§ is another most important work,
! which was arrested in its rapid progress to com-
pletion by the failure at the last session of Con-
gress to obtain an appropriation of the $7,000 in-
cluded in the general estimates for that purpose.
This square is in the very heart ©f the city, and
ought to be, as it was designed, one of its most
attractive ornaments. The sum asked for will
finish the grading.
An appropriation of $840 was made at the last
session of Congress for making necessary repairs
to the jail, and putting Venetian blinds to the win-
dows. The money has been applied to the greatest
advantage in accomplishing the object contem-
plated. The building has been repaired where-
ever necessary, if within the means of the appro-
priation, and the blinds to the windows have been
put up. The repairs have not added much to the
strength of the building, but the blinds have, in a
great measure, remedied one of the greatest nui-
sances of the jail, by excluding the prisoners from
public view, and preventing them from seeing the
passers by on the streets, which used to excite
them to the use of profane and vulgar language,
that offended the moral sense of the whole neigh-
borhood. No amount of repairs could render the
