666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
corporators, I want them to have it, and have it |j
at once, so that they may go to^work during the jj
coming spring and put down the railroad and let jj
you see how it is going- to work. I would much
rather, I repeat again,not give it to anybody; but , :
if it i to be given, I think these are the proper i!
parties. * ji
The Corporation of Washington, I had sup- i;
posed,-would have asked for this privilege. If;:
they have,.ever done so, their application has not ji
been before the committee of which I have the j;
honor to be chairman. They have asktd that ;
their rights be. protected to this extent, that they J
be-allowed to direct the use and management of it
this road, and that they have the privilege of tax- i
ing it. Under two provisions of the bill, which j
I will read, the Senate committee considered their j
proposition, and thought ali the guarantees asked ji
for had been secured. By a proviso to the first \
section, it is declaicd: j,
"That the maintenance and use of said road shall he n
subject to die municipal :emulations of the cities. of Wash-
ington and GeoigPtown, respectively.-5 | (
The power to regulate the use of it, and the  
maintenance of it, we thought, necessarily car-,;
ried, under the charter of Washington, the power i
of taxation. I observe that it has been statt d by |j
the corporation attorney, a gentleman of learn-j;
ingand ability, I mean Mr. Caihsle, that he en- |j
tertams a somewhat different opinion; but the jj
ground on which he bases his argument is avoided ; j
by the withdi awabof the amendment which I did j'
-withdraw, iu the name of the committee, a few ji
minutes ago. As the bill now stands, under the j!
general charter of Washington city, they have, ,|
in my opinion, and I believe it is tlie unanimous >t\
opinion of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, the cl<%r right to tax this propmiy. If jl
any controversy shall ever arise in regard to that h
point, here is your power: the hill provides, |
" And tiie Cougtc&s of the United tf'.nte-i heu bv ic-etvcs j'
the n^lit to alter, amend, or annul tin-, act at pte<e mo." i,
This bill is reported under the belief tbnt the jj
power of taxation is reserved to Washington cuv. ,i
X'lie committee would have in«\n pmated a specific ; \
provision to that effect, but that an amendment of ■
any sort would necessarily NfUd tin; bill b^ck * > Jj
the House of Representatives. Wu thought <J1 o
the corporate anthouties asked for was secured; !
and if controversy shall ame m regard to i: hero- '1
after, all the corpoiotion lus lo do is to come to 'I
Congress,andCongress,undei thisreseived right,
will say to them: " submit to the fixation, (>i giw ■,
up your charter." No such controversy, i am ;j
wfcll assured, can ever arise. i|
Mr. President, 1 dare say oth<*r gentlemen will ,!
take this case in hand, i have tboi.giif, if due to 1
the subject to make this vety brief e k>nanai .on ; !
and with this I turn the question o\cr to the Son- 1
die, '
Mr. PEARCE Mr. President, 'ho Senator from
Mississippi seems to think ih.it ihc  fhtlemen'
named in the bih, Giiheii Vanderweiken, Bayard ,
Clarke, and Asa P. Robinson,are the originators ■;
of the scheme of a passenger railway through the !i
city of Washington,and that those who object to i
their obtaining this vet y Iibei al and valuable grant j
are persons who wish to snatch from tnem the
fruit of their pnor sagacity. In ail that J think ihe ■;
Senator is entuv ly mistaken, a>- lie im jii another '
supposition. He supposes that there was no on-
position to thm hill at the last session. In that I ;
know him to be nitstakt n: lor 1 was myself, irom
the moment 1 saw the but, uttei ly hostile to it
upon general prtneiples, which iwili state pjes-:
entjy; and 1 took considerable pains, so far ;i> 1 i
was acquainted with the subject myself, to inform
other members of tlie Senate m relation to u, and 1
to ask their assistance in debating the bill.
Kow, sn , so far from these panics having ori-
ginated the f-chem<\ they arc them.<. lv«.s inte-
rlopers; they themselves have rought to snatch |
from otlf^rs the fruit of their priorsag unty. The ,
history of it is that, in ]<v>2, on the 14th of De-
cember m the Htmse of Representatives, and on
the 16th of December m the Nenate, Robert^. Pat- ;
terson and several ot'nets petitioned for a ch-trrei
for a passenger railway along Pennsylvania av- ,
enue from Twenty-seventh street west", to the toot :
of Capitol square. While this was pending, the j
board of Common Council of Washington unan- ,
imously, by yeas and nays too, icsoived against j
the construction of any railroad within the city j
limits, without the consent of the corporation first i
had and obtained. On the 5th of January, 1853,
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] presented
q. remonstrance of Gilbert Vandcrwcrkcn, one of
these very parties, against the construction of any
railroad along Pennsylvania avenue; so that you
perceive the principal, the first-named man m this
bill, himself remonstrated against the establish-
ment of any railroad along Pennsylvania avenue,
and I think 1 am authorized to say that his efforts
in opposition to it induced the action of the Com-
mon Council of the city of Washington which I
have mentioned. In the year 1856, Mr. Vander-
werken, against whom I have nothing to say at
all—he was acting for his own interests, as is very
patent, and I do not know that there is any moral
reproach attaching to him for doingso—petitioned
the Corporation of Washington to give him the
exclusive light to run omnibuses on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and I understand he was then .op-
posed to iho scheme of Mr. Bayard Clarke.
There have been other propositions submitted. :
There was one by citizens of New York, in J 854,
which came to nothing, however. At the present
tone, Mr. Vanderwciken, not having succeeded
in getting the monopoly of the omnibus business,
is disposed to obtain the monopoly of railroad
passenger traffic through the city of Washing-
ton. I have no doubt it would be a very great
public convenience, and t think the avenue is wide
enough to admit of a double track for railway
passenger travel, without any interruption of the
ordinary business of the avenue. Us great width
admits of the appropriation of about seventeen
feet m the center, which will be sailicient for this
purpose; but I protest against conferring a giant
so valuable as thia is likely to bo, upon thr« e in-
dividuals, who have no especial claim to the mu-
nificence of Congress, and. whose action m the
case lias not shown them entitled to be the fust
participators of the bounty of Congress in thic!
regtU'd. It is a very valuable giant, as I said
before; and 1 am told, and 1 believe, that it may
be sold for a very valuable consideration.
I sot; that the bill is drawn m favor of Gilbert
Yandorwrken,Bayard Clarke, and Asa P. Rob-
inson, and tlnnr assigns. If any citizens of W ash-
mgton are in ten sted m it, it is by private arrange-
ment with these part'es. Doubtless there are
some, for there are gentlemen here who are im-
portant in procuring votes of members of Con-
gress, and 1 take it torgranted some of them have
been told that thev shall participate in the profits
of this scheme if Congress shall passu; but it is
a very different thing from the first proposition
winch was submitted to Congress, which pro-
posed the opening of bunks for a subscription,
entitling anybody to come m and get a shaie of
whatsoever profit, might be derived from tins rail-
road.
i eonfoss T am in favor, mvself, if we are to es-
tablish a passenirer railroad on Pennsylvania ave-
nue* of giving that authority to an incorporated
company—a company winch has been incorpo-
rated bv my own JState, and to winch Congress
ha1} extended fui ther pi ml egos within the District
of Columbia—the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, a company memporated by the State of
Maryland to make a railroad from the Point of
Rocks below Harper's Perry, to the District of
Columbia; and a supplemr ntar v charter has been
passed by the Congress of the CJniced States giv-
ing them authority to construct an extension of
the snme road witiun the District of Columbia.
The Senator supposed that under that actoi Con-
giess tiiey were entitled to make a passenger rail-
road along Pennsylvania avenue, but that was a
mistake; they were entitled to carry their road
through the limits of Washington, but expressly
foi bidden to take it along Pennsylvania a/enue.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator understood me
to say thai they had any right to run a railroad
on Pennsylvania avenue, he understood me amiss,
i did not say that, and did not mean to say it; but
I did mean to say that i had a very distinct, im-
pression that they had a right to make a connec-
tion with the Baltimore and Washington depot by
a diilerent route.
Mr. PhlARCE. That is true; they have a right
to make a connection with the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad; but it is provided in the act of Congress
that the said roadshallnotciossor pass through
Pennsylvania avenue, or the public squares, or
reservations."
Mr. BROWN. Exactly.
Mr. PEARCE. That would make the grant
\alueless to them for the purpose of railway pas-
senger traffic in the city of Washington. All
know that Pennsylvania avenue is the g eat high-
way of all traffic, and that a-railroad in the out-
skirts of the city, or indeed anywhere else than
on Pennsylvania avenue, would be of no use to
ordinary passengers. It might facilitate connec-
tion with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and
facilitate passengers who are going on to Balti-
more that way; but as for the city passenger
traffic, it would be of no avail at all.
The Metropolitan Railroad Company was in-
corporated by the State of Maryland for great
purposes of public utility. One terminus was in
the county of Frederick, through which the route
ran for a considerable distance, and afterwards it
ran through the large county of Montgomery, a
county which may be made exceedingly valu-
able. It is, however, destitute of lime; and one
jj ot the circumstances which makes the population
j| of that county so desirous-for the construction of
ji the Metropolitan railway is, that it will furnish
'' them with that article, which is all they want for
11 the amelioration of their lands, and it will then
I- one of the very finest counties in the State of
i' Maryland.
" There are general conveniences, however, be-
yond that—the convenience of a very large popu-
li Infio!! and a wealthy country in Washington and
Frederick counties, and also m Alleghany, which
: would obtain a choice of markets by it for the
]'• transportation of its coal, for which there arc not
at piesent adequate means. These three counties
| principally interested in this road, showed m 1850,
i I think, an assessment of nearly fifty million dol-
j jars; and since that time 3 understand the valua-
! nan of property lias largely increased, particu-
: larly because the devclopmentof mineral resource??
in Alleghany county has made vastly more traffic
j: in coal, .vidit is very desirable that other avenues
for the outlet of that coal to tide-water should be
i provided. The State of Maryland having incor-
b porated this company, Cengiess having given its
', sanction to that act of in cot poi ation, and author-
ized it to connect with the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
| road, 1 em vr ry fi ank to admit that I dGsire to see
,; this privilege of passenger travel along Pennsyl-
I vania nv-'-nue conceded to them, because 1 think it
,; will advance materially their ability to complete the
■! execution of their railroad to the Point of Rocks,
i I It cannot be dynicd that the company is in a lan-
guibhing condition. It was incorporated with a
i; capital of 000,000, and 1 believe the provision
' of the act of Maryland was that it should not go
I into operation until there had beerr a subscription
,■ uf £500,000. I think over that sum had been sub-
i senbed. The City of Georgetown  
; Mr. KENNEDY. Will my honorable col-
; league allow me to ask a question of him, merely
■ ; to be informed? Are they not compelled now to
go to Hagersfown?
• ; Mr. P&AIICE. There was a supplementary
act which required them to go to Hagerstown;
;■ but 1 am not sure whether that has not been
, amended.
■ j Mr. KENNEDY. I think not, sir.
i' Mr. PEARCE. Still that would not invalidate
i! my reasons for granting1 them this privilege. I
H stated that the Metropolitan Railroad Company
was in a languishing condition, and of that there
i| is no doubt. I have no intention of disguising
!, any facr. 1 w;i! state furfher, in corroboration of
■ what I before said, that this is a very valuable
g'wnt, which we ought not to give to individuals,
because, it is putting so much money in their
pockets for their own private benefit; and that the
i ( ompany is so well satisfied of the benefit of this
grant to them, that they aver, and I think arc
! well assured, that if they get this "grant, they will
be able to obtain such further assistance as will
1 enable them to complete the execution of the gen-
ii eral railroad up to the. Point of Rocks. I believe
jj that is the true secret of their anxiety to obtain
j this further grant. They can accomplish it quite
as well as those other parties. If they accomplish
it, it does not merely mure to their benefit as a
corporation, but to the benefit of all that portion
of the State of Maryland through which their
proposed uuhoad runs, which ldilroad they will
be enabled, by the value of this grant, to com-
plete.
i do not propose to detain the Senate by any
further i^marks, at this time, on this subject. I
