1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
m
propose, however, to strike out alt after the en-
acting clause of this bill, and substitute an amend-
ment which I send to the Chair, and which con-
fers the authority upon the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company.
The Secretary read the proposed substitute, as
follows:
That the Metropolitan Railroad Company, incorporated
by'an act of Assembly ot' Maryland, passed at the January
bChbion 1853, chapterl96, and the MiU^equent .amendatmy
acts of the Legi-datuio of Maryland, shall he, and they are
hereby, authorized and empowered to extend into and within
the District of Columbia the railroad which thev shall con-
struct Qr cause to be constructed in the Stato-of Maryland ,
arid in a direction towatd the said Dis-tnet, in pursuance of
their said act of incoiporation; and the said Metropolitan
Railroad Company, are hereby authorized to exercise the
same powers, rights, privileges, and immunities amhshall
be buhjeot to the s?ame restrictions tn the e.\U'ii-ion, width,
co«>*tiuc turn, and rcpan ot their load into and witlnn the
r)f>fnctor Columbia, asiSny may ex';rcHO, or are t-uhjcct
to, under ami try vnme of their said act of tncoipmntion in
the coiit-ti actum .md iepair of their said load, within the
State ot Mai j land, and Hiall be entitled to the miiib lights.,
compensation, heneOtf, piivileye-J, and immunities, iu the
u>e of said ro.td, in icgaid theieto, as aie provided in said
charter.
bKO. "3. Jlml lc it further cnactcd, That the said Metro-
politan l.nihoad Coimuny shall have power, and tlk-y ate
heieby iuilv invoked with the yame, for cnn.-tnieuii<i,
maKii'tt. and cinitimnns then said load tlnousth the eitie-=
ot VVa-lui'^ton and tleorgetnwn, fimn the depot of the sjud I
Metropolitan ilailtoad Company, tn Georgetown afoiesatd,
to and by way of Bridge stieet. and thence along tne stieet
leading from Budge btrcet to the aqueduct budsre ttcio^d
Rock creek, at tlie west end ot Pennsylvania avenue ; and
thence aion« Penn^vlvariia avenue and Fifteenth street to
the foot ot "the Capitol Hill; and thence to the Baltimore
and Wa,-d)ii)2ton raiiioad-stauon : ProiulcJ, Thar the cars
oi cmiiases tunniii™ on the avenue and stiect-; aforesaid
shall be diawn by hor^e power, and u^ed forth*' tun*poita-
tion of pa^engeis and then bajijMge only: JhiJ prov.de;/,
oho, That the company p.bqjI nor leeeivc, (or the ttans-
pouauon of pa? ^enceis a tate of tan* execedit'g five cents
per pa$sei! yi tor die \\ hole, or any pomon, oi said load
thioush the cities of Washington and Gooi^e'ovvn . Jind
piovide*, rrLo, Thar said laihvav through Pennsylvania
avenue and the >tre< ts More-aid by a double track, be l.ud
m tUe cei'tei theteot', m the mo->t appnwd nuum-i adopt* d
foi !-ti'>«i lailwavs with a unl of amoved pirtein. laid upon
an even suiface with the pavetm-nt of the avemip and
streets; the spare occupied by said double track not to ex-
ceed se%Mitccn feet i«i width: Jhul juondc.l, g/w, That !
the -nul company shall always keep s,.td fiaeks and pave- I
rncnis within the outei tail, in good tepair. witlumt on^oh^c !
to tin Government or the (Tinted States oi the government^
ot the cities of Washnigion and Geoicctown • .d d pro-
vided, uteos Ttiat the said laiiway tHough the eitie*. of.
Wa-hmston and Gemjri'tovvn he Mibjett to the municipal
r-'Kulanon theirol ctivelv: */ind jirondr.l, oho, That,
utiles v.nd mihnad tlnonuh the avenue and streets aioie-
said :-hail be conimeueed pfvious to the next reculai ses-
sion ofConyres-, and be completed union one jeai th-ie-
aftei, and the ud milium), iioin (ho cit v of Ccuiiri'iinvn to
ije;n the Ponit of Uocks.be completed wit Inn mx year-: timn j
the palace of tin- ac. this act th.ill be null and void. j
3*jnd he it /incr en tcUd, That nothing in this |
act tehall prevent the Gnverniriont ar any time, tit, their op- |
tn>n,fton'i altering the jnade or oliioiwit-e nnpioving llie
av.'nue oi street- alotesiK).
Pre" 4. Jlnd Icitjwthci cnactcd. That Concroes rcseives
to :r-elf the iiirht to chan e, alter, repeal, or amend this act
or any pait tin u-of at then pleafuie,
* Mr. PEARCE. I beg lrave to answer the
question which my colleague propounded to in"
just now. I thought some amendatory art had
been passed and 1 find the following:, passed at
the January session of 1B53, by the Legislature
of Maryland:
" That jt phfill not be noce^my to complete the r.'ultop.'l
autl>oi'Z''d to'be consti ueted by the a'*t to which thi-j i-
amenuatory, to Ha«ei&town, as piovided m tne tiinleenth
section of ^ald aet."
Mr. KENNEDY. I shall detain tlie Senate
but a single moment. I have very little to say in
regard to this bill, and I regret extremely that I
am compelled to differ with my honorable col-
league hi the views lie has just expressed. I was
one of those upon the committee who agreed to
lupmt the bill naw before the Senate. I was in-
fluenced wholly and entirely by what I regarded
a sense of jus-lice to rhe persons named in the hill.
One of the'e.onsidfrations by which I wasactuated
was, that Mr. Vanderwerken, at a_ time when,
pel haps, the public convenience required some im-
proved means of transport upon the avenue, was
•willmg to cmbaik in a hazardous enterprise, and
put upon the avenue a hne**)f omnibuses for the
convenience of the public, inclining a §rcat deal
of difficulty in the establishment of that tine, and
encountering all the objections, and the risk, too,
attendant upon it. He lias succeeded in ailorchng
that much accommodation, at len^.to the public.
Whether thebe gentlemen were die originators
of the r-.eheme I cftnnot say, nor is it at all mate-
rial m controlling my vote on this subject. They
have encountered all the opposition, at least for
the last year or two, to the effort to introduce a
line of railroad through the streets and avenues
of the city. When the proposition was first
broached, nine tenths, certainly three fourths,of
the entire Congress of the United States was ut-
terly opposed to the principle. With a great deal of
duficulty, and with a great deal of patience, these
gentlemen ftave gone on toillustrate the practica-
bility and use of these railroads in cities. They
have encountered and broken down the opposi-
tion to the measure. They have now succeeded
in maturing a bill which has passed the other
House, pruned and cut down to meet the require-
ments of Congress itself. They have presented
to us a hill with all thcehecks and guards thrown
around it that were deemed important to protect
the interests of the city, and they are now pre-
senting themselves at this session, after having
acceded to the propositions that have been re-
quired of them, and ask tjie passage of this bill
ut the. hands of this body. In giving my vote in
committee foi the adoption of the bill, I was in-
fluenced solely by what 1 conceived to be justice
to these parties who have accommodated them-
selves to the views and the requirements of Con-
gress.
These parties have obtained the passage of this
bill through the lower House, and a unanimous
report, I believe, from the committee here; and
I do not think it is just that any other company
or corporation should come in at this eleventh
hour to endeavor to take it from them. We have
not one company only; but three or four, I be-
lieve, proposing either to defeat this bill, or to
press their own claims, and thus take away the
woi k these gentlemen have aheady accomplished.
TheMetropohtan Railroad Company is composed
of constituents of my own; and it is a matter of
very great rcgiet to me that 1 am compelled, m
favor of \vh!U 1 consider to be a prior chum upon
the favorable consideration of Congress by these j
individuals, to oppose their interests. 1 had some j
agency, u f«"\v yeais ago in the Legislature of my j
own State, in procuring the charter for the Met-
. ropolitan Raihoad Company; and, if 1 recollect
aright, when they pressed their claims upon the
: Legislature of Maryland, not one word wus ever
| said about any idea of building a toad upon Peun-
j sylvania avenue m this city. The whole of their :
[ petition and memorial was based on the idea of
: the great advantage it would be to the interior
j poition of the counties of M ontgomei v, Freder-
i lck, and Washington; that ji would develop a
i iaige tiade; that th<vy were perfectly, competent
j to build the road without any other aid tlvui that
t which they thought they would obtain by the
' subsciiptinns along the route of the road. They
i did not contemplate the necessity of coming to
I Congress, and asking for the piivilege of con-
[ structnig a passenger railway on Pennsylvania
j avenue, as a means to buiid their road, it has,
j however, been asserted here, and stated to mo by
| gentlemeu connected with this metropolitan road,
: that unless they get t^is ftanchtse, they cannot
| build their road. That idea certainly was not
| broached when the question came before the Le-
! gi^latme of Mary land, when they asked for their
■ charter, not one word of that kind was said.
! }jut, Mr. President, the Metropolitan Railroad
J Company which seems to have been in existence
I for some time, h is been cnppled by an act of the
j Legislature of Maryland, so onerous, that 1 feel
i confident in asserting here that their road never
j will be built. It lequires them to go to an inland
! town of the county of Washington, some thirty
j miles beyond the Point of Rocks, and t here stop-
S ping. To do it, they most ero- s a spur of tiic
I Blue Ridge mountain, a road that can only be
built at very great expense and cost. Wnh an
| obstruction of that sort, I feel perfectly confident
J the road never will be made, nor do 1 believe it
' would be made if it was required only to go to
: the Point of Rocks, because the trade and travel
j upon it would not justify the outlay. With that
i opmion, I am persuaded that they are cousider-
• ing their proposition to build that road", as a hope-
, less one, and they see that here an opportunity
has presented itself, at least, toget avaluabie fran-
i' chise. Although 1 have no warrant for saying so,
!j further than my own inference from their action
in the case, I do not believe that one foot of that
road will ever be made beyond Geoigetown, if
this franchise is granted.
I am sorry to take a position of this sort, be-
cause I know it will briiig down upon me ths
.censure of a large, portion of the people of my
State: but, believing that I am right, if my seat
depended on my action here i will not yieid'tCMi
pressure of that kind, when I believe that
right in the advocacy of the bill. The biihbefore
you, sir, is one founded in justice; it has uncjer*
gone the scrutiny of Congress; ins ofte that pre-
sents itself favorably upon various grounds. - It
does not merely grant rights to a foreign eorpo- !
ration, as has been supposed, but it is composed of
citizens of this District, who have a permanent-
interest here* Nor have I any p&tficalar interest
in this question, further than to. discharge my duty
as a Senator upon this floor. The bill is partly
the work of my own hands, after a full review of
the whole case, and I sho.uld not be Consistent if
1 should be willing to see it set aside and adopt
the proposition made by parties who have come
in here at the eleventh hour to levy black "mail
upon a company who have already carried their
project almost to completton, through great exr
pensse, perhaps, but still founded upon the prin-
ciple of fairness and justice. There is nothing
covert, nothing designed, as far as I can see, to
deceive or to make use of u franchise that they
never intend to carry out except for the irrere pur-
pose of self-accumulation or gain.
Looking at th<? statement of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company, which has been laid on our
tables to-day, I find that they state that:
"The road is to commence at Georgetown, PNtnct of
Columbia, and inn noiiheilj to Rnekvdle, i'i Maryland, and
thence to the Point ot Uork^, oa the Potomac, where it will
eoaneet \\ ith the Baltimore and Ohio urhoad, and thence
to Fred'nick, and hom thfcre to llageistown, in Mar\ land."
They admit that they are compelled to go to
Hagerstown. With that statement before me, I
am perfectly persuaded the road never will bo
made; and, therefoie, there is no necessity for
giv ing this franchise to the Metropolitan Railroad
Company for the purpose of enabling them to
make their road to the Point of Rocks.
Mr. iVEUSON. A few days since, when
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
moved, on private bill day, to take up this bill, 1
opposed that motion;-because I believed that it
was, in effect, to supersede the other private bills
on tlie Calendar by the consideration of this bill.
L indicated, however, at the same time, in some
remarks I made, a disposition to vote for the bill
now und^r consideration; and I desire to submit
a very few remarks, to explain why 1 shall hold
out on that line, and vote for the bill as it stands.
I am m favor of a railroad along Pennsylvania
avenue. I believe that it will conduce greatly to
the convenience of the public, whil'o it will not
interfere with any interest that I know of which
can be seriously affected by it. 1 am satisfied that
the public desite it. 1 understand that the people
ot the city of Washington generally desire it;
and I believe it would be a source of great public
convenience. I admit that tt is a pretty large
monopoly. Jam aausffd that it is a very im-
postant piivilege to be granted by Congress. I .
believe it is worth a great deal of money; and the
contest is a mere question between rival compa-
nies for this privilege. U is a matter of no con-
sequence to me, whether the parties to whom it
is granted make money out of it, so that they
conform to the public convenience, and give the
: people what they dt*sira m the conduction of
j this railroad. It is a mattet of no consequencc
! to me which of these 1 ival < omnanies may get it.
i I foil no preference for orn> over the other; but
beimr in favor of the road itself, and desiring to
have it rompietid at the earle-sr, practicable mo-
ment, I believe that tlie only chance by which it
can be done, is to pass the b:ll now tinder con-
sideration. If this bill is substituted by the bill
which has been off'Tt d by the Senator from Ma-
ryland, granting the privilege to the Metropolitan
Railroad Company, it jpill go back to tb-e House,
of Representatives, and theie will be a cutest be-
tween those rival companies as to whether that
bill shall pass "the House or not. If ve make n\i
amendment, it must meet the concurrence of the
House of Representatives* oivtbe bill faih.
Now, sir, no matter how you amend this bill,
if you take-it back to the House of Representa-
tives, the other rival companies will comoin there
to contest the amendment, and they will h^ve a
battle over the case. I do not believe that if any
amendment is made to this bill, it will meet wni*
