46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 13,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of General-in-Qhief of the Army.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
To forty-two soldiers whose warrants forone hundred acres
each are yet uncalled for, and which wilt require new
certificates of the right to locate them, before they can be
made available, making  4,200 acres.
To thirty soldiers, whose warrants for three
hundred acres each, makmg  9,6*10 "
'To nine bundled and nineteen, for one bun-
dled and sixty each, making.' 147,040 "
have been issued under act of 24th December,
1811, &c., but not satisfied, and which like-
wise require new certificates lor location.
And to the heirs and legal representatives of
one hundred and thirty-four, at one hundred
and sixty acres each, making  21,440 "
whose claims have been established , with the ex-
ception of the usual proof of heirship.
The period within which warrants of these
classes could be issued or located was limited. It
has been extended from time to time, and finally
expired on the 26th of June last. None of the
warrants or rights of parties mentioned can be
made available, therefore, unless Congress should
further extend the time, which ought to be done.
During the past year, frauds, especially under
the bounty land laws, have been detected to an
unusual extent. Four of the guilty parties have
been convicted and sentenced. One, against
whom the evidence was equally conclusive, was
acquitted under the statute limiting prosecutions
to two years from the commission of the offense,
and to which the attention of Congress has been
repeatedly invited. Indictments have been found
against thirteen others, whose final trials have not
yet been had.
The quantity ofland involvedin theelaims thus
far ascertained to have been presented by these
persons, reaches the enormous quantity of about
175,000 acres. Other eases are known to exist,
in which, however, the office is not yet fully pre-
pared to institute judicial proceedings. When
well-grounded suspicions of fraudulent schemes
arc excited, much patient and laboiious investi-
gation is often required in order to bring the per-
petrators to punishment, and to fully guard the
Government against, loss.
The laudable desire of my predecessor to exe-
cute the recent bounty laud laws with a dispatch
commensurate with the number and necessities
of the beneficiaries constituted by them, unavoid-
ably prevented the full execution of their designs
respecting the permanent records of their official
action. The permanent legLsteis of the claims
presented under the net of 2Kth September, J&50,
had not been cnnvplen-d when the more com-
prehensive net of 3d March, 1855, was passed.
Under that law 295,200 claims have been filed.
These, like those filed under the act of J850, were
entered, as they were received, in a number of
small alphabetical registers designed to be tempo-
rary. About a hundred thousand of these en-
tries have been carefully reexamined and trans-
ferred into largo and well-bound books, prepaied
for the purpose, exhibiting, in each case, the num-
ber of the churn, the mime of the claimant, when
XUld fi'Otn whom received , the service tendered , the
number, date,and denomination of 1 he warrant is-
sued, to whom sent,<&c. The preparation of a set
of three-letter alphabetically-arranged registers of
warrants of the denomination of one hundred and
sixty acres, has also been commenced, and (satis-
factory progress made.
Much work of this description lemains to be
done to secuie ready access, in the future, to past
operations. The large accumulation, on the files,
of suspended and rejected half-pay and pension
claims under the various laws, and inquiries on
these subjects generally, still devolve considerable
labor and a heavy correspondence upon the office.
The current business is, however, now up to dale,
in all its branches, and the clerical force which
ihe execution of the bounty land law of 1855 ren-
deied necessary, will soon be dispensed with.
A report containing the information the Presi-
dent was requested, by resolution of 12th June
last, to communicate to the Senate, is nearly com-
pleted, and will be submitted to you soon after
the meeting of Congress. From the progress
already made, it is evident the whole amount paid
for pensions since the commencement of the pres-
ent Government will not fall much below $90,-
000,000. If to this we add the land granted for
military services—estimating it at $3 2o per acie
—we have the total amount paid for military
services, in land and money, $108,424,202,
I beg leave to renew the recommendations con-
tained in my last annual report, as further expe-
rience and reflection have only tended to demon-
strate their propriety.
In conclusion, permit me to acknowledge the
prompt and efficient cooperation of the gentlemen
associated with me in the administration of the
various and complicated laws executed at this
office.
i have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
GEO. C. WHITING,
Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of Ike Interior.
KejJOit of General in-CliiefoftJic Army.
Headquarters of the Army,
New York, November 13, 1858.
Sir: The tables giving the numbers and dis-
tribution of our troops will be laid beforeyou by
the Adjutant General, the object of this, my an-
nual report, being to offer some remarks on the
recent services, general condition, and wants of^
the Army, The annexed general older (No. 22)
will illustrate, in so mo instances, (omitting many,)
the extraordinary zeal, activity, patient endu-
rance, and prowess habitually displayed by the
troops—officers and men—m the perpetually re-
curring wars with the Indians about our border
settlements. Thus, with an average effective force
of (say) ten thousand men, exclusive of reciuits
in depot and in lonte, loss by at least three regi-
ments than is needed, the Army has been for
years, in neatly all its parts, almost constantly
engaged in the puisuit of enemies, or in daily
expectation of being called upon to lepeat such
services. This state of excessive activity, fatigue,
and hardship has led to excessive losses, more i
from disease and desertion than from battles or |
combats; the greatci part of which may be pn- 1
marily attributed to dejicioioi in vumbets. |
This want of troops to grve reasonable security ,
to our citizens in distant settlements, including ;
emigrants on the plains, can scarcely be too j
strongly stated ; but I will only add that, as often j
as we have been obliged to withdraw troops from !
one frontier in order to reinforce another, the
weakened points have been instantly attacked or
threatened with formidable invasion. Minnesota,
Arizona, and the noi them frontiers of Texas and
Arkansas have recently supplied striking illus-
trations of ibis fact.
For the happv conclusion of long-standing In-
dian troubles in Florida, much credit is due to the
energy mid judgment of Colonel Loomis, the last
commander in that war.
In New Mexico, Brevet Brigadier General Gar-
land, an intelligent and enterprising commander,
has used bis limited force to the best advantage
in punishing hostile and in keeping in check tur-
bulent Indians, besides detaching very handsome
support, m the handsomest manner, to the Utah
army in its embai iMoments of the last winter.
Colonel Bonneville, who has recently succeeded
General Garland in this command, is carrying
out the views of the latter with like perseveiance
and success.
The cheerfulness and efficiency of the Utah |j
army, under its very able commander, Brevet j|
Brigadier General Johnston, notwithstanding its
difficult marches and unavoidable privations, have
won for it a large portion of the admiration of the
country.
In Texas, Brevet Major General Twiggs has,
with liis usual ability, made the most effective
disposition of the force at his command, resulting
already in substantial and brilliant success, which
he purposes to follow up, if necessary, in a win-
ter campaign.
In the Pacific department Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Clarke, the commander, has displayed an
energy and judgment worthy of high commenda-
tion. Upon the first news of recent hostilities in
that quarter his measures were rapidly and wisely
taken. Troops and supplies were promptly as-
sembled near the theaterof operation, and, under
his immediate direction,two columns, commanded
by Colonel Wright and Major Garnett respec-
tively, were organized and put in motion against j[
the enemy. Successive victories have already ;;
caused mostofthe hostile bands to disperse or sue
for peace, which, no doubt, will soon be reestab-
lished. [I learn, in the act of signing this report,
that my prediction is now history.]
The department of the West has- recently been
commanded, in succession, by Brigadier General
Harney, Colonel Sumner, and Colonel Francis
Lee. Garrisons have been 'established and
strengthened in it, along the emigrant route to the
West, and for months a column of cavalry was
keptin movement on the plains to overawe disaf-
fected tribes. The troops in Minnesota and on
the Upper Missouri have all continued to render
valuable service in restraining the Indians from
committing massacres and depredations in that
quarter.
On the many and formidable roving tribes on
this side of and on the Rocky Mountains, rjot in
open hostility, but yet of doubtful or menacing
dispositions, and whose depredations would soon
have called for direct punishment, a great moral
effect has been incidentally produced by our dis-
play of force in the direction of Utah. These
large moving columns have been seen, and the
power of the United States, to some little extent
for the first time in those regions, estimated awd
feared. Such displays, often repeated and in
sufficient numbers, combined with feats of arms
like those set forth in the annexed order, can alone
give the security to our frontiers for which the
army is held responsible.
Fiom the distribution of the troops into frag-
ments, an increase of the regular medical officers
has become a necessity. Sometimes private phy-
sicians may be hired, but not always, and rarely
of the required science and experience, even at
extravagant rates of compensation. No less than
six posts in a single department have been recent-
ly imported to me as without a medical officer.
I must also again beg attention to the miserable
state of the bariacks or quarteis at nearly all our
permanent fortifications and posts. Health and
efficiency, as well as comfort, must be sacrificed
wheie stud attention is not given to the lodgings
of men.
Incessant calls for reinforcements received from
the frontiers compel us habitually to forward re-
cruits without the instruction that should precede
service in the field; and, on joining their regi-
ments, perhaps in the act of pursuing an enemy,
it is long before the deficiency can be supplied.
Tne want of this instruction has always been felt
in combats, notwithstanding the usual gallantry
of the troops. As it is no longer difficult to fill
our ranks by enlistments, it would be highly de-
sirable to detain the recruits sufficiently long for
instruction at our larger depots, especially those
destined for the mounted service; but, again, this
cannot be done without some additional regi-
men ts.
The institution of the artillery school at Fort
Monroe will leave nothing to be desired for that
arm after we shall be at liberty to withdraw from
the field the additional companies (three) which
are needed. The school will then consist of eight
companies, two from each regiment, alternating
every two years with some other companies of
their regiment. Thus, with two mounted com-
panies, one third of each artillery regiment would
at nil times be engaged in acquiring, with the best
help, the difficult theory and pracucc of artillery,
while the other two thirds would in emergencies
bo available for infantry service as heretofore.
For such instruction there will be required, as the
Department is aware, an appropriation to add to
the Government lands about Port Monioe (for ex-
ercise of field batteries and long ranges of heavy
guns) befure the school can receive its full des'el-
opment. Without waiting for this extension,
however, a systematic course of instruction has
been commenced under Colonel Brown, the su-
perintendent, and its progress is already satisfac-
tory.
There is in the circumstances of our service no
reasonable distinction between the three arms now
recognized as mounted liflemen, dragoons, and
cavalry, if indeed the law intended any between
the two latter. Their fields of operation and du-
ties generally are in all respects the same, and
whatever variations exist in uniform and equip-
ment only serve to create inconvenience and ex-
pense. I therefore recommend that the three corps
