§68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
the concurrence of the House of Representatives,
or that any bill will pass at the present session.
Desiring the construction of this toad, and hav-
ing no sort of interest or feeling as between the
rival companies, I go for the passage of this bill
as the only practicable mode by which the road
is to be constructed at the present time.
If the bill had come from the House of Repre-
sentatives granting this privilege to the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company, I should have voted for
that. If it had come from the House of Repre-
sentatives granting the privilege to the corporation
of the city of Washington, I should have voted
for that. If it had come from the other House
granting the privilege to any company, I should
have voted for that, becau.sc I think: there is no
difference between the claims of these rival com-
panies. It seems to mo, however, that if either
has any preference, it is the one proposed to be
incorporated by this bill. They have taken the
start; they have asked the privilege at the hands
of the House of Representatives, and the House
has agreed to grant it. If the Senate concur, the
privilege is sustained, and the road will be con-
structed. If the bill is substituted by another
company, it must go back to the House, and there,
in all probability, it will be lost. Then there
grows up a rivalship between these companies
■which must last for all future time, until the ques-
tion is settled by both Houses of Congress. I
want to get rid of the importunity of these par-
ties, who are constantly pressing on Senators in
regard to this subject. If we pass this bill, the
question is ended. If we do not pass the bill, the
question is open; these companies come here and
importune us fiom this time until the day of
judgment to give them this extraordinary privi-
lege. I think we had better settle the question at
once, and get rid of it by passing the bill on the
table; and, therefore, 1 shall vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
Georgia argues that we should pass the hill in
order to get rid of the subject; something- like a
good lady I heard of, who, being importuned by
a suitor, had finally to take him as the only means
by which she could avoid his suit. That argu-
ment has, with me, 110 more foice than the argu-
ment adduced by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Kennedy,] and my colleague [Mr. Brown]
before him, that if we do not pass the present hill,
we give somebody else the opportunity to profit
by the labors of the company who have secured
the passage of this bill through the House of
Representatives. Neither has the least ell'eet with
me". If it were as stated, it would constitute no
reason why I should vote for it; it would 6e rather
suggestive td me of opposition to the bill.
I have a distrust, atall times, of measures which
are gotten through the House by the importuni-
ties of companies, or individuals. If the heavy
labor, of winch the gentlemen speak, has been
performed, to get this hill through the House, I
think it covers it with distrust, and constitutes a
reason for its rejection. But how stands the fact?
 Is the proposition a new one ? Is it true that the
House has not before considered the question of
a railroad through the cities of Washington and
Georgetown? Or is it true, as has been stated,
that a bill has been passed, and a company hav-
ing the charter has tailed to construct the road ?
I think both are errors. The Metropolitan Rail-
road Company .did apply to the House of Rep-
resentatives; and finally got a bill through the'
House, with conditions, such as were stated by j
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce;] but j
that bill has not yet passed the Senate. The con-
dition annexed was, that they should not be per- |
mtUed to run through Pennsylvania avenue. 1
That was the House bill; which House bill, it
appears by the publication lying before me, has !
never passed tiie Senate. i
Then, sir, it appears that the Metropolitan Roil-1
road Company did apply far this privilege as early j
as 1854, on the S20th of December of that year;
and a bill did pass the House of Representatives, :
but that House bill has not passed the Senate; so i
that they have the priority, according to the ar- !
gument of the Senator from Maryland; and if i
there is any playing of the eagle, it is by those
who have come in at a subsequent day to obtain
thecliarterwhich the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany at that time sought.
I really could not perceive the force of the ar-
gument used by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Kennedy.] This claim to be compensated for
suggesting ideas to Congress, is one which I can-
not entci tain; and this claim to bind the Senate to
pass a bill without alteration, because its amend-
ment may defeat it, is one which would not com-
mend itself to me, even where I most favored a
bill; least of all where I was generally opposed to
it. Jt is our duty to perfect the bill in any form
which will make it more proper to receive legis-
lative approbation. We should "not stop to in-
quire whether the House will or will not act. The
only instances of legislation which I have noticed
where the Senate has surrendered its judgment
because of the liability to lose the measure if it
was sent to the House, have come back to plague
us in after time with the very evils which were
anticipated, and which should have constituted a
sufficient objection to enacting the law.
I hold that it is now before us as an original
question; that the passage of a bill through the
House in 1854, or at the present session, does not
vary the position of the Senate; that we have, in
considering it, to decide what the public interests
require; what our duty demands; and that we must
measure the claims of all these companies, not with
a view to ascertain who will get money by it, not
with a View to determine who among the laborers
is most worthy of his hire, but by what charter
we will secure that which will most promote the
public interests. 1 therefore favor the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.Pearce,] be-
cause, if it goes in aid of the Metropolitan railroad
as far as the Point of Rocks, it facilitates travel-
ing and intercourse with the West; it relieves per-
sons who ascend the valley of the Mississippi
from the liability to fail to make a junction at the
R.elay House, and thus be delayed as well; saves
time; and gives a line of travel over easier grades
than the present route of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad. All these arc considerations of a public
character. They commend to me a connection of
this measure with that road, because I believe that
road to lie of public utility.
The Senator from Maryland, [Mr.Kennedy,]
of course, must be much better informed than
myself, not only generally, but upon this subject
particularly; and he says that road will never be
built. He gives it as his judgment that it will
never be built, and says it will not be built because
it runs to an interior town iu Maryland, and
points to the fact of their looking to the Point of
Rocks as their probable termination. This is,
with me, no condemnation. It is a matter of no
importance to the public generally whether it runs
into Washington county, Maryland, or not. It
is a matter of public importance that it should go
as far as the Point of Rocks. Nor do I find, by
the charter to which the Senator refers, that the
obligation now docs exist to go to Hagerstown.
I find, in the amendatory charter of 1853, spccial
provision made for stopping short of Hagerstown,
in th.'se words:
'• Thru it MkiII not bp npep^ury tn complete the road :m-
thonzi'd to be constructed by the.let o! winch Hih wamcrut-
atorv. to li,ii;cr?town, as provided in the thirteenth section
of ;-nnt act."
This is the amendatory act, which allows thern
to make dividends of the net profits whenever j
some portion of the road has been completed and
put to wotk. I will accept any correction from I
the Senator, because it is a subject he understands
much better than myself. !
So far as the information is before me, the ]
amendatory act of Maryland, I say, relieves the
Metropolitan Railroad Company from the obliga- 1
tion of going as far as Hagerstown; and if they 1
ore permitted to stop at the Point of Rocks, I think
the two reports of the engineer employed by that
company demonstrate that it will not only be prac-
ticable, but profitable, to complete the road to that
point, and that being so completed it will be use-
ful to the public, which is at last the point on
which 1 rest my opinion. i
Then we are asked, shall we give this grant in
the city of Washington to aid in the construction I
of the Metrbpohtan road ? I say that is with me ;
an inducement, not a reason which would be con- j
elusive; but if the Metropolitan company, being j
a chartered company of the State of Maryland, j
ask us for the right to enter the District of Co- ;
lumbia, to connect their depot at Georgetown 1
with the depot of the Baltimore and Ohio Piailroad '
Company at Washington, and propose terms as
favorabla to the United States as any other com- i
pany, why should they be excluded because
granting them this privilege will aid in the con-
struction of the Metropolitan railroad as far as
the Point of Rocks > We give them no extraor-
dinary privilege or benefit, but put them upon the
same footing as others; and we see as an induce-
ment the fact that giving this right through the
cities of Georgetown and Washington will induce
the completion of the road as far as the public
has any interest in it.
I find in the report of the engineer, that the
Metropolitan Railroad Company was, at the date
of the report not only alive, but active. It is stated
that subsequently they have been arrested by the
hard times, and that they have been also some-
what stayed in proceeding, probably by the hope
of getting the very charter which they are now
soliciting from Congress, which they have bean
soliciting since 1854. In the report of 1854 ref-
erence is made to the construction of the Metro-
politan Railroad Company, and its connection
from the depot at Georgetown to the depot at
Washington in its eflfect on other roads to
be constructed in Virginia; coupling the North
through the Baltimore and Ohio railroad branch,
running to Washington, with the roads extending
into Virginia; and binding thus, by this little link
which it is proposed now to construct, a railroad
connection between the whole South and the
North. The reports of the engineers which I have
before me, show that a contract has been made for
one section of the road at a lower sum than was es-
timated, twenty five per ccnn-ofthe amount to be
paid in bonds of the company; and it is stated
that there can be no doubt of the ultimate com-
pletion of the work for a sum within the esti-
mates.
There is evidence of the probability of the
company to complete the road, and these are the
public considerations which induce me, if a charter
is to be given for the construction of a railway
through the streets of Washington, to prefer the
Metropolitan Company to another, the terms be-
ing equal. The fact that it may promote the con-
struction of a road which will be of general ad-
vantage, causes me to give the preference to that
company rather than to another. I have some
objection to men coming fiom a distant city, and
besetting the Capitol to get a charter within the
cities of Washington and Georgetown. I prefer
that a chartered company of Maryland, the old
owner, and to whom belongs the reversionary in-
terests of this District, should come within it for
any work of public improvement, rather than an
association from a city remote from the District.
It is far better, with my ideas of respect for the
State of Maryland, and security for the rights of
the inhabitants of the District of Columbia. They
may well confide in the company chartered by the
State of Maryland. They may well distrust the
speculative company which comes from adistancfe
to obtain this charter.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, as I was a
member of the committee whfch reported this bill,
and as that committee lias given to it a great deal
of attention, I desire to occupy the time of the
Senate for a few moments for the purpose of stat-
ing the reasons which have brought me to the
conclusion at which 1 have arrived, in favor of
the bill.
1 originally occupied very much the same posi-
tion that the chairman of our committee did. I
; think I was the last member of the committee,
save the chairman, who yielded my objection to
any road along the avenue. In the early applica-
- tions which were made, I was decidedly opposed
to granting any charter for a rail-way along Penn-
sylvania avenue. I believe now, if my own vote
J could be given to defeat all bills of this kind, I
j should give that vote, though I should do it with
great reluctance; because I think the people of
1 this District require the road to be made. How-
ever, from the experience which' I have had, from
what I have seen of the effect of these roads in
other cities, and frorfl* the earnest desire on the
I part of tlje people here to have some communica-
• tion oftlie kind over Pennsylvania avenue, I have
modified my opinions, and I have agreed to the
reporting of the bill which is now before the Sen-
ate, as one of the members of the committee, and
1 will state in a very few words the reasons which
induced me to come to that conclusion.
The first question is, will you have the road?
Conceding that to be the opinion of the Senate, in
