1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the case of Judge Watrous.
Ho. of Reps.
that amount for that purpose out of my own pocket, to in-
sure the ceitainty that tiie litigation I had not anticipated,
but which had now become necehtaiv, should be had in the
comts of the State. I have been informed by Judge Hughes
that he did so bring the suits. Cut Mr. Lapsley, who had
control of the matter, by reason of Use legal title, was un-
willing to trust the decision to the State courts, and wished
the decision of the Supteme Court of the United States, and
threeted {he suit to be biought in the district court of the
United States at Galveston. About thi3 movement I was
not consulted. It was done without my piocurement or con-
sent, against my known and expiessed wi&h. The first I
had to do with "the litigation was when I found the cases on
the docket."
This statement is almost wholly inconsistent
with the testimony ofHolman and James Love.
According to Love, lie was present when the writs
were made out, which was in January, 1851, and
we hear of no protest, and no " wish" to the con-
trary expressed. He was aware of the existence
of the suits in his court before he"found them on
the docket." According to Holman, the $'200
paid to Hughes to bring the suits in the State court
was in 1852, nearly two years after the institution
of the suits in his court, and long after it became
known that it was, to use his own language,
"necessary to sue." By the manner in which fie
speaks of bringing suit, he allows it to be inferred
that the first step was taken by himself, and that
in the State courts, which is wholly erroneous.
But he is correct in saying that Lapsley was un-
willing to trust the decision of the suits in the
State courts. Holman and Judge .Watrous are
friends.
That Judge Watrous had a right to purchase
and sell land, none will dispute. Hy being pro-
moted to the bench he lost none of his rights as
a citizen o? Texas. But it was not compatible
with his position to engage in speculation with a
company of professional dealers in real estate in
and out of the State, in the purchase of immense
tracts of land held adversely, or the titles to which
were in dispute, and where litigation was inevi-
table. Nor was it, by any means, ptoper that In*
should go into partnership in business matters
that held out the prospect of gain with one who
was a litigant in his own court in cases involving
the title to large tracts of land under Mexican
grants, as was the case in his connection with Dr.
Cameron in the silver mines in Mexico, lie was
appointed to administer the law between suitois
in his court; and when he embarked in the pur-
chase of lands with disputed titles, he necessarily
vacated his office to the extent of his interest.
This tract of eleven leagues was but the one third
of a concession by the Mexican Government.
The whole consisted of about one hundred and
eighty thousand acres, or thirfy-thive leagues,
and was conceded to the De Aguirres and De la
Vega, already mentioned; and when and where
ever the title to any part of this concession came
in question, he was totally disqualified to sit as a
judge. If such a practice be tolerated in a judge,
he may soon disable himself from discharging a
large, pact of the duties devolving upon lum by
virtue of his commission. When tempting op-
portunities presentthemselves to ajudge to lealizc
a fortune by engaging m speculation m Inmls,
held adversely, within the jurisdiction of his
court, if he means faithfully to fulfill the duties
of his office, he should permit them to pass by
unheeded; or if he will embrace them, his only
course is to retire from the bench; an alleged in-
adequacy of salary furnishes no excuse not to do
so.
This purchase was attended by circumstances
which have been the cause of much complaint,
and have led to an investigation into the proceed-
ings in another case, namely, that of Ufford rs.
Dykes and others, which was tried before Judge
Watrous in February, 1855. It appears by the
testimony of Mr. Hartley, one of the counsel m
this case, that some time previous to the trial a
judgment by default had been taken in this and
other kindred cases. A motion was made by the
counsel to set aside the judgment. Shortly after
this motion had been made, Mr. Hartley met
Judge Hughes on the street, the judge not then
being counsel in the case, who told him (Hart-
ley) that Judge Watrous came into his office
the evening before, where he and J\Ir. League were,
and said he was m gieat perplexity about that
case; that he did not like to see the ease go off in
that way; that the motion to arrest tiic judgment
was not sufficient; and that there was no affidavit
%Iew Series.—No. 4.
of a meritorious defense in support of a motion
for a new trial;" and further, that" Judge Wat-
rous said if I would putin an affidavit of a meri-
torious defense, he would grantanewtrial." The
motion in arrest of judgment was soon after with-
drawn, and an affidavit of defense was filed, and
Judge Wattous granted the application for a new
trial. Why Judge Hughes, who was not then
employed as counsel, took an interest in this mat-
ter, and why Judge Watrous desired a new trial,
may, perhaps, be inferred from the subsequent
development of circumstances.
Some time after the new trial had been granted,
Judge Hughes was brought into the case, at the
instance of Mr. Hartley. When the case was
called for trial, Mr. Hale, the counsel for plain-
tiff, announced that he was not ready for trial;
that "they could not go to tiial for want of proof
of the genuineness of one of the powers of attor-
ney—the power of sale." This is the same power
of attorney already referred lo as an essential link
in the title involved in the Lapsley suits. Neither
he nor Mr. Thomas P. Hughes, a lawyer of
Georgetown, not related to Judge Hughes, and
who was the original counsel,and had comedown
to the court to attend to the cases m behalf of the
defendants, knew at the time there was any dis-
pute about the validity of this power of attorney,
nor did they know that it constituted a part of the
title m the cases in which Judge Watrous was
interested in his own court. Nor did they know
that while the land in question in this suit was
claimed by the plaintiffundera concession by the
Mexican Government to Raphael de Aguirre, Jose
Maria de Aguirre, and Thomas de la Vega, that the
same concession embraced land claimed, m part,
by Judge Watrous. This concession, it will be
observed, was to the Agumes and De la Vega,
and included a grant of eleven leagues of land to
each one. The power of attorney purporting to
have been given to Samuel May Williams to sell,
was joint. By the testimony of Hartley, itseems
that when he k'got Judge Hughes to assist him,
Hughes distinctly stated he would make no ob-
jection to the original concessions, and that he
had no confidence in any point, excejot one, which
was that the grant or concession diad been previ-
ously satisfied, located, and extended at another
place. He considered that an impregnable de-
fense, and on that he mainly relied, and I con-
euned in rliat opinion. Thomas P. Hughes, on
the other side, was anxious that every possible
objection should be taken. He said that we might
take all the objections we pleased. Judge Hughes
remarked that he believed the original title was
good," &c.
During the examination of Judge Hughes be-
fore the committee, he was asked by Judge Wat-
rous whether the power of attorney was read to
him on the trial of the case of Ufl'ord ?>s. Dykes.
Hughes replied:
"• 1 do not believe it wa«. because Mr. Hale, [ think, had
no cojnj of the pou cr of attoi ueii, and it was uoce^aiy, m
ordei to maintain the cas-e, to show a claim 01 title iiom
Iv.ipliaei de Acuirie to the plaintiff; and having examined
the pou er o! attorney mj>eil. I believed it !o he, on its face,
a good power of at loi ncj , and I fmnuhed Hale tnfhthe (Opy
I had. uiul no vhjeiLion u as mode to it on the ti lul. I v\ a&
counsel lor the defendants, and Ah. Hale loi plaintiff."
He further says:
1 cannot «.aythe power of attorney was ndimttedby
eTpie— airi cement, but it was by tacit agieeniem, no objec-
tion being made to it.v
Judge Watrous again inquired: "Was any
question made as to that power of attorney on the
tiialr" Ilughes replied:
Vk 1 cannot an^v.ei in the affiimativc elcarlv and dis-
tinctly. but J can <ay tin- : Mr. Thomas Hughe- was the mi-
ginal conn-el mr life defendants ; he was a young man, ic-
Hdtngai (rmujretnwu. M, Hauiey and m\>c!f, in the older
n.uned, u"i e t-ubcequentlv emplojed as coun.-i.-l ; and at the
ti lid, behevm? no ^ub-tantial objection exi-ted to the pouei
of attorney, I innUed that Mesf-i-% Hughes anil llaniev
should, not object to it.; and I behtve that no objection?
u ere made.-''
And he afterwards said that he let, in the power
of attorney to prevent a continuance. This is
the reason assigned for allowing this important
feature in the plaintiff's title to go in evidence
without objection. It cannot be pretended that
Judge Hughes was ignorant of the fact ti tat Judge
Watrous was then sitting on the trial of a case in-
volving the same and a material question existing
in the Lapsley suits. The power of attorney
which he kindly furnished the opposite counsel
and made no objection to, was a copy; of tffat
which for another purpose he had obtained from
the land office at Austin some, time before, afocl
which he was very careful to preserve,-^nd= die
same which he thought advisable to get J3r. Hew- -
itson to prove at a subsequent date. It may here
be remarked, that Judge Hughes was one oftfch'e
counsel for Judge Watrous before the conimittee
in 1852, as well as in the present investigation.
He appears to have been acquainted with the
plaintiff's title, and declared to his colleagues that
" he believed the original title was good ; that the
holders of it had a good title to the land extend-
ing up the mouth of the Bosque," and " would
make no objections to the original concessions."
Was Judge Watrous aware that the title in
which he was interested in the Lapsley cases was
involved in the suit on trial before him? Though
the power of attorney appears to have been pre-
vented from making a conspicuous figure, as well
as the original concessions from the Mexican
Government, itseems impossible that JudgeWat-
rous should not have been aware of their pres-
ence. He is a man of talents, and an able judge,
not likely to have overlooked any material feature
in the case, unless it had been purposely con-
cealed from his notice. But, on referring to his
charge to the jury, he uses this expression:
<{ The grant to Raphael de Aguirre, introduced by the
plaintiff, is, on its face, a valid title, and appropiiaies the
land described in it. The mesne conveyances down to the
plaintiff are sufficient to convey the land."
In addition, it appears that Samuel M. Wil-
liams was examined as a witness in this case, and
among other things, says:
" I acted as the attorney of Raphael de Aguirie, Jo?£ .
Maria de Agmne, and Thomas de Ja Vega, and held their
powei* of attorney. Stephen F. Austin was interested io
the gianN—that i*, the concessions made by the Governor
of (Joalunla and Texas to them."
But, beyond this, Mr. Hartley was asked the
following question:
" In your aigument, you and your colleagues attacked the
original coneesMon ftom tiie State of Coahuila and Texas
to the two Agunres and La Vega ?"
And he answered:
" Ye*, sit, Thomas P. Hughes and myself; we did not
aigue that question to the jury. We rented its admission
a-, evidence on that ground at the trial."
It seems incredible, from these facts, that the
knowledge of the original title and power of at-
torney in this case, and in the Lapsley cases, in
which ho was so deeply interested, were the same,
could have escaped him, if, which is difficult to
disbelieve, he was aware of their existence jn
those cases. And if so, it follows that both he
i and his counsel, Judge Hughes, know that he was
, personally interested in the question that was de-
: cided on this trial; and, so far as the decision in
! this case could have that effect, the original title
j in the Lapsley cases was thus established, but in
a ouvent manner.
, The suggestion of Judge Watrous, through
i Judge Hughes,who was not then employed, made
j to Mr. Hartley, in regard to a new trial, before
| referred to,and the anxiety expressed by Hughes
| after he was brought in to the case to his colleagues,
that no exceptions should be taken in relation to
j the concession and power of attorney, as well as his
| act in furnishing the opposite counsel with a copy
; of the power to be used by him, and dispensing
! with all proof of its execution, are strong circum-
stances going to show that such was the purpose
■ of Judges Watrous and Hughes.
The power of attorney, so frequently alluded
to, was considered by Judge Hughes a muniment
! of title of the highest importance. The original
' was said to be among the archives at Saltiilo, in
Mexico. It purports to have been executed by
the two Aguirres and Thomas Vega, authorizing
Samuel May Williams, a citizen of Texas, to sell
the three eleven-league grants conveyed to them
by the authorities in Mexico, and dated m 1832.
A copy, purporting to have been certified by Juan
; Gonzales, in the presence of two witnesses,.was
i filed in the land office at Austin. It was called a
' testimonio, and by the laws of Mexico, if genuine,
f would have been of equal forcc with the original.
! Several copies of this testimonio were obtained
from the land office at Austin. It is not certain
: thatthevahdity of this instrument was impeached
t until after the Lapsley suits were removed to
1 .New Orleans. Before the suits were removed,
