THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D? C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2r> Session.
TUESDAY, FEBUARY 1, 1859.
New Series.....No. 43.
this right of way, if we grant it at all; that is for
the convenience of the great public of the United
States, which is the only legitimate basis on
which We can grant it, on the ground that the
public convenience will be served by the con-
struction of a passenger railway for cars drawn
by horse power from the western gate of the Cap-
to! to Georgetown. No incidental connection of a
woik. of that kind with a general internal improve-
ment in the State of Maryland of a different na-
ture and character, ought to be allowed to super-
sede it. As between the individuals otherwise, I
care nothing about the matter.
Being opposed to that, I have still greater ob-
jections to the substitute which is intended to be
offered by the honorable Senator from Illinois. I
can hardly conceive a more dangerous power that
you could confer upon the corporations of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, combined or separately,
than the power to grant charters for railroads to
be run over the avenues and streets of this city,
because it would end in the most limitless corrup-
tion as regards the exercise of the power by
those corporations. I trust such an amendment
as that will never be adopted. As to any fancied
difficulty we shall hereafter have if we grant this
charter to make a railway, and a railway is made,
and others apply to us for a charter for one on
any other street, after experience has demonstra-
ted that it is practically convenient, which we
suppose will he, there is nothing in this charter
to prevent that. I do not anticipate, myself, for
many years to come, that any other road will
probably be constructed in Washington, because,
if you take the line of Pennsylvania avenue, the
distance from some part of the avenue to any
other part of the city that has been built up is not
very great, and I do not think that any road will
soon he attempted to other parts of the city.
Besides, the character of Pennsylvania avenue
suits a railroad of this kind better than any other
sticet running m that direction; but, whether it
be the best course or not, if persons applj7 to us to
make other railroads, and it is found to be con-
venient to have them constructed on othrr streets
also, there is nothing m this bill to prevent that
grant. There would be no influence or power
given to these persons which would enable them
to prevent such a grant. It would be no invasion
of their rights, implied or direct, on our part, to
make a grant for another railroad on a different
street. There is no such stipulation. Certainly,
theie will be an implied obligation, in my judg-
ment, on our part, if we make this grant, that we
shall not grant to another company the right to
make a railroad on Pennsylvania ayenue, right
along side of it; but if the public convenience
should require a road on another street, the same
right which exists in Congress,founded upon pub-
lic convenience, to make a grant for a road along
Pennsylvania avenue, would exist after that road
was made to make a grant for another road on
any other street.
tinder these circumstances, and with these
views, I shall vote for the bill as it stands; be-
cause I think it best calculated to effect what I
regard as a desirable object—the construction of.
this road. As regards the matter of individual
dispute, I am perfectly indifferent.
Mr. TOOMBS. * The reasons which will con-
trol my vote on this question can be so briefly
stated, and are so satisfactory to my own mind,
that I will venture to state them, notwithstanding
this protx'acted debate, which I have listened to
with great interest and .attention. The trans-
portation of passengers, by railroad, through the
streets of Washington and Georgetown, is uni-
versally conceded, m the Senate, to be to the
public advantage. Everybody seems to act upon
that basis. The privilege of having the monop-
oly of this transportation is generally considered,
though not so universally, to be a valuable fran-
chise; and the avidity with which it is sought
here is very conclusive evidence that the parties
think so. This is a point, I take it, on which
there can be no dispute. Now, what shall we do
with it? Shall wqjjj^ive it away? I ccrtaiuly
43 *
would give it away to get this public advantage,
if I could not do better with it; but if I can secure
another great public advantage, and secure this
public advantage too, I know of no reason on
earth why I ought not to do it, and why I am
not bound to do it. Here is a company proposing
to build a railroad from Georgetown to the Point
of Rocks; and they say, " Give us this franchise
and we will give you this advantage of transporta-
tion, by railway, through the streets of Washing-
ton, and build our railroad besides." That will
give you exactly the thing you seek, and it will
be aiding in the building of another road, winch
is of great advantage to the public, and to the city
of Washington particularly. Therefore I will
give it to them; because we get what everybody
says is desirable—railroad transportation in the
city. I do not give it away; but i secure another
great public advantage. It seems to me that is
conclusive on the whole question.
Mr. PEARCE. The Setiator from Delaware
has mistaken very much, I think, the purport of
the provision which I offered as a substitute for
the original bill. TJ?fereis nothing in this substi-
tute which authorizes the Metropolitan Railroad
Company to carry their burden trains through
Pennsylvania avenue. The substitute is just as
carefully guarded and limited, in my opinion, as
the bill for which it is a substitute. It provides for
a horse-railway; it provides for the transportation
of passengers and their baggage, and for nothing
else. The gentleman has alluded to ceitain pro-
visions which give the company the same rights
and privileges which they have under the charter
of Maryland . They have got that already. We
passed an act authorizing the company to extend
their road into the Distnctof Columbia and con-
nect with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and
you have in regard to that already given them
the privileges which the Senator seems to think
they ought not to have. But in regard to this
railroad through Pennsylvania avenue, they have
no right to make it under the act to which I have
referred. The present substitute does not give
them the right to make that for general purposes,
but limits it to the transportation by horse power
of passengers and their baggage.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
seemed to think it was a monstrous thing to give
this privilege to a railroad company which was
incorporated by another State. lie seemed to
think it was tying it to a defunct corporation, and
that the passenger railway must fall too; but the
substitute has provided that the act shall be an-
nulled unless thoy commence the road before the
next regular session of Congress, and unless they
complete it within a year after that time, within
a less period of time than is stipulated by the ori-
ginal bill.
Besides, sir, the Senator from Georgia has
touched the point in a very few words. When
we are determining to establish a line of railway
through Pennsylvania avenue, no man who asks
to be allowed to do it comes here with that claim
of right. It is j as that gentleman said about some-
thing else, nonsense to talk of any claim of right.
None of them have any claim of right. It ap-
peals to our sense of public utility, and to that
alone. Now, whether the road were made by the
Metropolitan Railway Company, or by these pri-
vate individuals who are seeking their own inter-
ests and fortune, and nothing else, we shall be
just as well accommodated by the one as the other.
If it is not a valuable franchise, as the Senator
from Massachusetts is alone m thinking, why is
it that these gentlemen of capital and shrewdness,
Mr. Vanderwerken, so long acquainted with the
omnibuses and the amount of travel through the
city which that imperfect means of travel affords;
Mr. Bayard Clarke, an ex-member of Congress,
one of them; and Mr. Asa P. Robinson, who, 1
understand, is a very shrewd civil engineer, have
asked for this privilege ? Do not they believe it
to be of value, and are they not better able to
judge perhaps even than we are? If it is to be a
valuable grant, and they have no claim of right
to it, as I maintain they have not, why should we
at once say we will turn everybody aside and look
at no other consideration but priority of applica-
tion; when in fact these parties are not prior fn
application, because I have already shown to the
Senate that, as far back as 1852, individuals known
to be residents then of the city of Washington,
not coming here for this purpose, but then and
always residents of the city of Washington, ap-
plied for such a charter, and the very individuals
who arc now secking-to obtain this grant from
Congress were those who defeated it six years
ago.
But is there not a matter of public utility beyond
that of merely making a railway for the conve-
nience of passengers in the city of Washington-?
There is the fact that this railway will connect
with the proposed railroad to the Point of Rocks.
So I think public utility demands us to pause be-
fore we throw away the grant on three individ-
uals who seek nothing but the filling of their own
pockets. If that improvement be made, it will
conduce greatly to the advantage of the city of
Washington. Is it not desirable to make this a
central point of a railroad system, if possible?
Why should we refuse to add another radius to
those which find their central point in the city of
Washington ? This railroad will run through the
rich and fertile counties of Maryland, and connect
with fertile counties in Virginia, and thus will give
us adequate supplies of very many things neces-
sary for the support of tfee people of Washington,
which at present are scantily supplied, and at
enormous prices. Is there nothing in this? Is
there nothing in the facility to general travel,
which will be afforded by coming from the Point
of Rocks to Washington directly, instead of
making the roundabout track of the Relay House?.
Here I may be met, perhaps, by some of my
Maryland constituents, by saying it will damage
the "Baltimore and Ohio railroad. But, sir, the
State of Maryland has incorporated this company;
that is enough for me; and I do not believe itwill
damage the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. It may
divert some little travel from the Point of Rocks
here; but it will add to the general tide of travel
which goes along that great thoroughfare. We are
told because this corporation has not yet gone to
work and made its railroad, it is a rotten concern,
and we are tying this road to it, which will all
end in nothing. I have already explained to the
I Senate the circumstances which have delayed the
! prosecution of the work. I have stated that this
: is a very valuable privilege, and that, if we are
going to give it away to any one at all, it would
seem to me to he our duty to give it where it will
not only answer the one purpose which is contem-
plated by the individuals asking this grant, but
also the additional purpose of connecting it with
a public improvement of great utility to the city
| of Washington in various aspects. 1 shall not,
however, trouble the Senate longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to state that the last
clause hi the amendment, which has been added
at my request, has not been lead; and I should
like furthtT to state the fact, that very numerous
petitions have been presented here, from the cit-
izens of Washington and Georgetown, in favor
of this Metropolitan railroad connection.- So far
as I can ascertain public sentiment from the num-
ber of petitions—I admit it is notaverygood test
—I believe the public voice here is in favor of this
mode of connection. I would add, that the Cor-
poration of Georgetown, in council, has passed
resolutions, which were submitted by myself to
the Senate, recommending that this privilege be
given to the Metropolitan Railroad Company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the addition to the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland, which has been made
since it was first offered.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ssc. 5. Jlni be it further enacted, That, upon the com-4
pleuon of said railroad, the president and directors thereof*
«haH take and pay for the carnages and horses of Gilbert
