m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the case of Judge fVatrous.
[December,
Ho. or Reps.
fraudwg him,"&c., "out of his just rights,"
under a certain " contract," dated on "the 9th of
December, 1848;"with slandering him byfalsely
and maliciously charging him with fraud in the
public newspapers of the country,"and with slan-
dering his titles to the said property, and in his
petition prayed that *s William Ailing and Samuel
A. -Belden be compelled to make" him a " title to
theproperty acquired by them from Basse & Hord,
on the 5th day of January, 1851," &c., and fur-
ther prayed that Ailing, Stiilman, and Belden,
and Basse & Hord, be condemned, in solido, to
convey to him, " by good and sufficient title, all
the property included in the contract of the 9th of
December, 1848, and in subsequent purchases
made under it, &cM or, in default thereof, to pay
him the sum of $300,000nin the way of damages.
All the defendants filed their answers to this
petition, and after various proceedings the case
was tried, and a jury having rendered a verdict
against the defendants and in favor of the plaintiff*,
on the 21st of May, 1853, a final judgment was
rendered against the defendants, ordering them to
convey " all the rights of property acquired by
Basse & Hord under the transfer of conveyances
of the 14th of December, 1849, and the 31st of
January, 1850, within ninety days from the date
hereof, and that Ehsha Hasse,R. H. Hord, S. A.
Belden and William Ailing, pay to the plaintiif
$35,000 damages." And also ordeiing thatS. A.
Belden and William Ailing should " convey to
Jacob Mussina the property purchased by them
from Hnsse<& fiord on the 5th of January, 1P51,"
&.C.; "and that, in default of the defendants
making the above conveyances within ninety
days, the plaintiff, Jacob Mussina, recover fioni
the .said defendants the .stun of #-MI, 0(H), m lieu of
the title to the property,*' tVc.
The judgment, it is proper to slate, was after-
wards reversed by the sup tome com t of Louisiana,
on appeal, in June, lSf>6, and u judgment of non
suit rendered in it, as is shown by the reporty of
the decisions of that court.
A portion of the property involved in the Oav-
azos case was occupied by the United State,4 for
military purposes, and it was thought that there
was a large sum due by the United Suites a.-* rent
for it, depending on the result of that litigation.
After tlx1* deeiee in fax or of the complainants was
made in January, !H5;J, Mu.s.-una, by Ins agent,
notified the War Department not to p.iy what was
dm* to the complainants, and claimed io be enli-
tled to it himself. This was m the xummei of
1852. On the 4th of January, 185-1, Allen and
Hale, the attorneys of tin; complainants in the
Cavuzos ease, moved for a rule upon Jacob Mus-.
sina, requiring him to show cause u x\ hy an at-
tachment Mtouhl not issue against him for a con-
tempt of the romt, in disobeying the order and
injunction of the Court; first, l>y claiming to be*
entitled lo the rent due by the United States for a
part of the property in contestation in the ('ava-
Zos case; second, by asset ling a title in himself
in the suit instituted by him in the I'.mi th disti ict
ftouit of New Oilcans; and third, " by claiming
and asserting such title in himself to a portion of
the lands aforesaid, by his parole declaiations and
-written statements," t"v.c. Tins motion was sup-
ported bv the affidavit of lionl, vauoits copies
from the War Department, and a copy of the
petition of Mussina in the fbuith distnei court of
.New Oilcans, dated on the i2(.>th day of Maieh,
1853.
The rule ask< d for was* granted, and Mussina,
who was a citizen of Louisiana, was notified of
it in New Orleans on the Jbth of January, 1^54.
Mussina apj'eared by his counsel, in reply to tins
rule, on tin4 15th of Fein uai y, 1^51, and made a
written answer, and fih d copies of his petition
and of most of the evident given on the trial of
the case in the fourth district conn — showing that
it was instituted on the 1st of Noxemb' r, LSr>l,
that there had been a veidicf and judgment in his
favor, and the principal facts on winch the ver-
dict and judgment had been rendeied. Theques-
tion presented by the application was then sub-
mitted to the court ufti i aigument, and the court
decided that Mussina had been guilty of a con-
tempt of the court, and ordered an attachment to
issue against his person. Mussina, being a resi-
dent of Louisiana, was not within reach of the
process of the court; and this fact being shown
by the return of the marshal, the counsel of com*
plainants moved for a sequestration of his prop-
erty. This motion was granted on the 23d of
March, 1854, and a commission for its sequestra-
tion was thereupon issued.
We have felt it due to the House, under the
circumstances, to give this connected statement of
the points presented by the evidence before the
committee and reported to the House, in relation
to the charges contained in the memorial of Jacob
Mussina; and we will now proceed to state briefly
the conclusions to which a fair consideration of
the evidence before* the House would seem to
lead.
The exercise of jurisdiction over the case by
the district judge was wrongful on two grounds:
First. The case presented by the complainants
when they filed their bill was not one of chancery
jurisdiction, and should have been dismissed
when a plea to thejurisdiction on thatground was
inteiposed. The complainants asserted a legal
title to land, and sought to recover it from per-
sons in possession of it, under adverse titles, by
a decree in chancery. This proceeding was in
opposition to the sixteenth section of the judiciary
act, approved September^!, 1789, winch declares
" that suits in equity shall not be sustained m
either of the courts of tin; United States in any
case where plain, adequate, and complete remedy
may be had at law." The case bad no one lea-
tiue which could give rise to the slightest pretense
for subjecting it to the chameiy jurisdiction of
the district court. It was not a bill of p<-ace. It
did not rehi le to a common right. There had been
no pieviotis litigation in n latum to it to create
I( even a suspicion that the quesMou of title could
j| not be settled definitely by the usual tisals had in
ji cases ol ejectment. The number of puities was
h not great. And it was not even a ca.se m which
|; the equity power of the court was resorted to
With a view to effect u paitition; for the bill itself
states that a decision was asked foi with icspcct
to the title so that the complainants might be aide
%s to have an immediate and amicable paitiUon of
tin' aforesaid tract of land. "
Second. A tier the amendment of the hill, by
striking out the names of a portion of the com-
plainants and making them defendant-?, tin- court
was taisted of its jui isdiction. A portion of the
defendants, as well as all of the complainants, after
this ana nd ment, weie aliens. The emu is of ihe
(fulled States ui e court'-1 of limited jui isdnuion,
and they are absolutely without jurisdiction in
such a ease. They have no authority whatever
to adjudicate upon questions presented in a case
where the plaintiffs and defendants are aliens.
This fact was known to the court, and its actum
in the case won id have been wi ongful, even if no
objection had been interposed by any of the de-
fendants. Dui the objection was interposed. One,
at. least, of the defendants made the plea, and
brought the fact strongly to ihe notice of the
court.
The statement made by Hale, in bis answers
to the cross-interrogatorn s propounded to him,
showed the exi.-teiiee of an interest which would
seem to render him incompetentas a witness;and
the refusal ol the j'idge to exclude his testimony
altogether, nppeais to be m direct opposition to
the wcll-e.-,{ablKshed tides of law, as recognized
in Texas.
The n-fm-'al of the judge to compel the witness
( 11oid ) to answer the questions propounded to
him by Mussina's counstl,and then permitting
the witness to testify to a fact material to the is-
sue, and in opposition to Mussina \s interest, was,
we think, m violation of law. Hy such a pro-
ceeding, tlie judgment of a witness upon the facts
within his own knowledge is substitute! fm the
judgment uf the <ouit upon thov fuels; and in
place of the decision ol* a functionary created by
the law to deride on the known facts as to the
Competency of evidence, we have the decisions
of persons without any authority to decide, and
that, too, upon unknown or concealed facts. The
action of the judge, in the instance spoken of,
seems to be subversive of all recognized principle,
and to admit of no excuse.
Tlu re appears to be no reasonable ground to
doubt that tiie judge, by his action, did embarrass
or obstruct the defendant, Mussina, in obtaining
an appeal. And when we say this, we must not
11 be understood as impugning, in any way, the de-
li cision of the Supreme Gourtof the United States,
when that tribunal refused to grant a nun damns
against the judge in the matter of the appeal. A
consideration of all the evidence bearing on the
point, will, we think, clearly show that whilst the
party claiming the appeal failed to show that dil-
igence which a court ought to require to be shown
before granting an extraordinary order like a man-
damus, it also shows, not the less clearly, that the
judge, too, failed to do his duty.
It also seems clear, when the pleadings in the
suit instituted by Mussina against Stiilman, Bel-
den,andAIIing,and Basseand Hord, in the fourth
district court of Nuw Oilcans are considered, to-
gether with the judgment rendered in it upon the
verdict of a jury,and the evidence in thecontempt
case, that there was no foundation whatever for
.the proceeding against him for a contempt, and
that the action of the judge with respect to it was
unauthorized by law, and was intended to be vex-
atious and oppressive. How any other conclusion
can be arrived at, when it is remembered thatthe
suit in New Oth ans was instituted by Mussina
against his co-defendants alone, and their coun-
sel, and related to rights growing out of their own
transactions, it is not easy to conceive.
lie (ore concluding this branch of the subject, it
is proper to state that there was no evidence before
the committee to show that Judge Watrous had
any interest in the subject-matter of the litigation
in the Oavnzos case, or that he was to derive any
advantage to himself from his various rulings in it,
or from us final det ision in favot of the complain-
ants. But, wlul.st this jh true, it is als0 due to the
occasion for us to observe, that whilst no one
point m the pi ogress of the Oavazos case, to
which reference has been made, would, perhaps,
if standing by itself, be sufficient to constitute
jiositive misconduct m a judge,yet we are con-
strained to acknowledge that our conviction is dif-
fetent when wt: look at all of these points, and
embtace tlum at a .'•ingle view.
Kveiy iriegulir or wrongful decision of the
j udtje was m favor of the complainants and against
the defendant, Mussina, and those occupying a
similar position, and was to their particular inju-
ry. I>y maintaining the proceeding as one right-
fully brought on the chancery side of the court,
those defendants were illegally deprived of their
light to a trial by a jury, and were compelled to
submit to an adjudication upon their lights to the
property in such a manner that the decision would
be final and conclusive as the title of the proper-
ty, instead of one upon the right of possession,
which would at once have been pronounced, on
the law suit; of the court, in an action of eject-
ment. By maintaining jurisdiction over the case,
when a poition of the defendants as well as the
plaintiffs were aliens, these defendants were de-
pttxed of theii rights to have the questions in-
volved m it decided by the courts of Texas, to
whose jut isdiction they were ughtfuliy amena-
ble, and whose laws were to govern in that deci-
sion. {!y admitting incompetent witnesses to
testify, theii lights were a fleeted by evidence given
by persons who had an interest in the litigation
adverse to theirs. And finally, they are prevented
from having the decision against them reviewed
in tne appellate court by the failure of the judge
to peiform his whole duty to them in facilitating
the exercise of the right of aj>pe<d, given to them
by law, from motives of public policy, for their
own private advantage, and that, too, when there
is some reason to believe that the decree by the
court is not in confoinnty with tlie pnnciples of
law, as recognized iu Texas. Such a course of
action continued through the whole progress of a
caut-e, in favorof some ot the paities and against
others, is, to our minds, conclusive evidence of
the existence of a purpose, on the part of the
judge, to fa\or one party, oi set of parties, at the
expense and to the injury of others, which is in-
consistent with an upright, honest, and impartial
discharge of the judicial functions. And this, wo
believe, constitutes a breach of the 44 good beha-
uorMnpoti winch, bv the Constitution, the ten-
ure of the judicial office is made to depend.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that «* the judges, both of the Supreme and infe-
rior courts, shall hold their offices during good
behavior." Does not this necessarily imply that.
