1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
35th Cong....2i> Sess.
Report on the case of Judge Watrous.
Ho. of Reps:
their offices are to determine, and thoy are to be
removed when they are guilty of a breach of
" good behaviorClearly so. But how are they
to be removed ? No power of removal is vested
in the Executive, nor is there any provision in
the Constitution of the United States like that to
be found m many, if not al! the State constitu-
tions, by which the Executive is authorized to re-
move, on the address of two thirds of the mem-
bers of the two Houses of the Legislature. The
only mode of removal of judges known to the
Constitution is by impeachment; and it therefore
necessarily follows flint wherever a judge has, in
the course of ins official conduct, been guilty of
actions which arc inconsistent with an impartial
duschargcof the high duiiesmtrusted tohim, then
it is both the right and duty of this House to pro-
ceed, in the only way known to the Constitution,
to effect the removal of the magistrate who mis-
uses or abuses the trust reposed in him for the
public good.
For the reasons stated, we therefore now re-
spectfully recommend the adoption of the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That John C. Watrous. United State* d^tiict
judge for the dutnetol Texas, be impeached of high cumes
and mi&demcanois.
HENRY CHAPMAN,
C. BILLINGE1URST,
MILES TAYLOR,
GEORGE S. HOUSTON.
Mr. Ready, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, submitted the following views of a minor-
ity of said committee:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom the
House referred two memorials, one of Jacob
Mussina and another of Ehphas Spencer, pray-
ing the impeachment of the honorable John O.
Watrous, judge of the district court of the Uni- ;
ted States for the district of Texas, not .having j
been able to agree on a report, the undersigned, ;[
members of that committee, present herewith to
the House their views on the subject. j,
The committee have been almost constantly!
occupied with this matter, from an early day in !
the session to the present time. They have ex-
amined seventeen witnesses, some at great length, | j
their testimony filling over four hundred pages i
of printed or manuscript copies of records of pro- ]'
ccedings of courts, besides inspecting the ori- i
ginal records of the district court in which Judge '
W~atrous presides. They have also had before :
them the memorialists or their agents, with coun- |'
sel, and the accused, with counsel; and they have ;
given the subject all the reflection and considera- |
tion which its importance demands, and was re- \ '
quired by then' duty to the House and to the ||
country. The result of all which has been to i
leave the committee equally divided on the ques-
tiou whethei there is good cause to impeach I
Judge Watrous or not; and of course the com-
mittee, as such, does not and cannot recommend j
his impeachment by the House. j;
The undersigned had hoped that, considering p
many of the charges are, in their opinion, utterly j;
frivolous in their character, that some of them are ;i
not proved or attempted to be proved, and that i j
none of them establish, import, or imply, upon i
the evidence, the commission of any act of mal- i,
feasance in office, noi any high crime or misde- !
meanor, by Judge Watrous, there would have i
been a unanimous report of the committee, as, in 1
their judgment, there ought to have been, com- ,
pletely exonerating him, and recommending his
entire and full acquittal by the vote of the House.
They think there is nothing m the affair but tht-
rcsentfulness of two disappointed litigants, each
of them without right m the matter complained of, ,
and who therefore lost their cases, and to gratify
whose ill will, Judge Watrous has been subjected
to severe persecution; and heavy expense, to no /
useful purpose, has been imposed on the Govern- ;'
ment. All this, the undersigned think, will be ^
shown by a brief examination of the substance !
of the two memorials, and of the evidence sub- !;
nutted to the committee. i
Both memorials, although one is signed by 3a- !;
cob Mussina and the other by Ehphas Spencer, i
were drafted or prepared by Simon Mussina, and :■
he appears as the prosecutor in both, while he 1
admits on oath that he has no personal knowledge
of the truth of the charges which he himself, m
effect, makes against Judge Watrous.
The memorial in the name of Jacob Mussina
charges mainly that in sundry rulings in a cer-
tain chancery suit, Cavazos and others against
Stiilman and others, or in reference to the appeal
on the same, or an attachment for contempt inci-
dental thereto, Judge Watrous was guilty of cor-
ruption and oppression. No proof was offered
that Judge Watrous had any interest in the case,
and there is ample proof to the contrary; and the
conniption is charged by inference only from the
pretended erroneousness of his rulings, chiefly on
evidence and other incidental questions; for it is
not even charg'ed distinctly that his final decision
was incorrect; and if the House entertain process
of impeachment on such a showing, it will very
soon have nothing else to do but to exercise the
function of appeal constitutionally belonging to
the Supreme Court.
The printed transcript of the main case fills
one thousand and eighty-three pages. The un-
dersigned will not undertake to do what they
think the House ought not—that is, to review the
case; but they have looked into it sufficient to sat-
isfy themselves that the final decision of the court
was right; and if they had any doubt on that point
it would be removed by the fact that Mussina,
the only party pretending to be aggrieved, omitted
to take an appeal, and that the whole question has
been reviewed collaterally by the supreme court
of the State of Louisiana, on a suit brought on the
same substantial matter there; nnd the supreme
court,while sustaining Judge Watrous's decision,
goes further, and decides that Mussina, the party
complaining, had no right or interest whatever m
the case or its subject-matter. (See ease of Mus-
sina vs. Ailing, 11 Lousiana Annual Reports.)
As to the incidental rulings in the case, the un-
dersigned perceive, in examining the transcript,
that the case was earnestly contested on both
sides; that numerous counsel were employed for
some of the parlies, nnd for Mussina about as
many counsel as for all the parties, plaintiffs and
defendants, put together; that a great mass of
evidence was put in, and, in the course of the pre-
liminary proceedings on the hearing, at least sev-
enty-five motions or other questions were made
requiring the decision of the judge. Of these, for-
ty-one weie decided in favor of the complainants,
and thirty-four in favor of the defendants. We
do not know but Judge Watrous may have erred
in some one or more of these incidental rulings;
he must be a judge of remarkable correctness of
judgment if he did not. Rut we think it is ab-
surd, not to say ridiculous, to suggest, as the me-
morialist does, that, upon the assumed erroneous-
ness ol some half dozen of these seventy-five
interlocutory rulings, corruption is to be inferred.
If it were no, what judge in the United States
could escape impeachment? For what but to cor-
rect errors are courts of appeal constituted ? And
what member of the bar would carry up an appeal
without having a better show to make than to ex-
cept to four or five out of seventy-five rulings of
the court below? Resides which, we have looked
into these rulings, and they seem to us to be cor-
rect in law; but we do not think it is proper, or
possible, for us to discuss them to the House.
As to the appeal, Mussina does not pretend that
he made any attempt to take any until a few days
before the expiration of the five years allowed by
law for that purpose. Indeed, when the charge
was piefeired, and for more than a year after-
wards, Mussina had not done the first thing to-
wards taking an appeal. lie had never applied
for one, or instructed anybody to apply for one;
and the charge of oppression in this respect is
founded on the most futile allegations of the party
not being present, and ready to take the appeal
at the U'i m when the decree wan rendered, in Jan-
uary, 1852. There is no ptetensc of any other
attempt to take an appeal, until during the pres-
ent session of Congress, a few days befoie the
expiration of the five years; and the undersigned,
without going into the evidence on that subject,
content themselves with saying that they are sat-
isfied the attempt was not then made m good faith,
and had no other purpose but that of anticipated
effect on the committee and the House of Repre-
sentatives.
As to the process of contempt, it seems to have
been issued for good and sufficient cause, in the
common exercise of chancery power. If it had
been followed by actual arrest of person, or se-
questration of property, the undersigned, out of
tender regard for the rights'of the citizen, might
be disposed to inquire into its merits with care.
As it is, and on the very showing of the memo*
rialist, there is nothing in which it deserves the
attention of the House.
In a word, there is nothing which the under-
signed can see, in the contents of the memorial,
or the evidence appertaining to it, to justify inquiry
even, or to raise a suspicion of the official or per-
sonal integrity of Judge Watrous, nor anything
to be made the subject of even plausible showing
for impeachment before the Senate.
The memorial of EliphasSpencer charges Judge
Watrous with corrupt use of his court for the
benefit of an interest which he held in a tract of
land in Texas, in connection with Mr. Thomas
M. League, of that State, and Messrs. John W.
1 Lapsloy, Frow, Price, Goldsby, and Pluttenburg,
; of Alabama. This charge is not like that of Mus-
\\ sina, futile and frivolous on its face; it suggests
"j fit matters of inquiry, which if proved as charged,
1 would reflect on the official integrity of Judge
| Watrous. But after careful consideration of the
1 evidence produced on both sides, and solicitous
i reflection on the whole case, the undersigned are
: unable to see anything in it which impeaches his
| personal or official honor, or which calls for or
can justly receive the condemnation of the House.
This property, if. appears, consisted of a traat
j of land in Texas, granted by the State o£ Coa-
j huila to Thomas de la Vega, and located and sold
! | by his attorney, Samuel M. Williams, one of the
' i emprcssarios of Texas, associated with Stephen F.
i! Austin, for whose benefit, and to release whom
" from impiisonuient in Mexico, the land was sold
'' by Williams.
; It is proved by the testimony of Mr. League
: that Judge Watrous participated in the purchase,
at the suggestion of Mr. League, in the supposi-
tion and belief that the title was good, and that
there would be no litigation regarding it, any
I question which it involved being likely to be set-
tled in another ease then pending in the courts of
the State of Texas. It is proved further, by Mr.
Lapsley and others, that the title was taken in
the nam'* of Mr. Lapsley, for the security of him-
self and his associates in Alabama, by whom the
purchase money was advanced. It is further
proved, by the testimony of Mr. League, Mr.
Lapsley, and Mr. Robert Hughes, that, when af-
terwards suits on the title were brought in the
district court, this was done without the advice,
consent, or previous knowledge of Judge Wat-
rous, and by the direction of Mr. Lapsley, who,
holding the legal title, had the sole direction of
the matter; that Judge Watrous regretted and
complained of this,"desiring and endeavoring to
have the case litigated in the courts of the State;
that his interest in the land was known to many
( persons at the time when the suits were brought,
i there being ample proof of this before the com-
j mittee, from the witnesses above named, and also
I from Mr. Paschall, Mr. Shearer, and Mr. Hoi-
| man; it was proved by the records of the court,
■ and by the testimony of the counsel on both sides,
| Mr. Hughes and Mr. Taylor, and of other per-
sons, that Judge Watrous disclosed his interest
! from the bench, had it entered of record, and de-
■ chned to make any order in the cases; and that
j in due time, and on motion made, the cases were
j transferred, because of his interest, to the adjoin-
i ing district of Louisiana.
i In addition to this, it appears that since the
time when the complaint of Spencer was first
1 preferred to the House, which was in the last
' Congress, the suit in which he was defendant has
I been tried in the circuit court of the United States
, for Louisiana, and decided in favor of Lapsley
! and against Spencer; and that, during the mves-
| ligation before the committee, at the recent term
of the Supreme Court of the United States, the
case came up there on appeal, and the Supreme
Court has decided that the title of Lapsley is good
and valid in law, and that there is no title what-
ever, or even colox of interest, legal or equitable,
in Spencer.
On the mere statement of the general facts, the
