1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#r
argument of the Senator from New Hampshire,
and I do notatall regret it. Iam not surprised that
he should have assured me and the Senate that he
had been here to-day, and did not know who was
arguing one side and who the other on this ques-
tion, because I found him fast asleep over there
in his chair, [laughter,] his head lying back. Of
course, he knew nothing 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield the floor to the Senator
from New Hampshire?
Mr. HALE. Never mind; I shall get it in a
moment.
Mr. STUART. It did not amaze me for a mo-
ment that the Senator should misrepresent all I
said. It is his habit.
Mr. HALE. I call him to older, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will take his seat. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire state his question of order?
Mr. HALE. He says it is my habit to mis-
represent; and that is an impeachment of my in-
tegrity on the floor, which he has no right to
make. That is the ground of calling: to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ate say whether the Senator from Michigan is in
order or not ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think the point of'order is
clearfy well taken by the Senator from New
Hampshire. I do not think it is senatorial for
one Senator to say to another that he misrepre-
sents anything.
Mr. HALE. He said I not only did it, but
that it was my habit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan has the floor.
• Mr. STUART. I am very sorry that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire should have so
changed his feelings.
Mr. HALE. I call for the rule of the Senate
to be enforced.
Mr. PUGH. What is it?
Mr. HALE. I called the Senator to order.
The Chair should either decide it, or submit it to |
the Senate. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair |
submitted to the Senate whether the Senator from !
Michigan should proceed in order. The Chair |
heard no objection, and took it for granted that it j
was the sense of the Senate that the Senator from !
Michigan should proceed in order. ]
Mr. HALE. 1 did not so understand. • I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator j
from Michigan has the floor. j
Mr.*STUART. I was remarking that I was a ;
little surprised that the Senator from New Hamp- j
shire should have so changed his own feelings, j
He waked up a most mirthful sympathy just j
now; he was full of glee, and made a very violent ;
effort to see if he could not make a little fun out 1
of the remarks*I made. He has now changed
his tone entirely, he is an offended Senator; he <
has waked up cross. That is remarkable; be- :
cause when a gentleman introduces into a body 1
of this sort a scene of drollery, he mars the whole
play when he undertakes to change it to one of |
anger; it should be carried out.
Now everybody knows the attention that is
paid by the Senator from New Hampshire to all ■
business; that he is always in his seat, always
knows what is going on, never speaks but to en- ;
lighten the Senate, never leaves the Senate un- :
necessarily to go to his State, or elsewhere. In- i
deed, sir, he is one of those lights of the body ;
that the Senate can scarcely got on without: and ;
therefore I felt that when the Senator stated that ;
I had said the only question presented here to-
"day was a question involving the "rights of the i
Senate, and the determination of it was whether '
they were a component part of the Legislature of
the nation or not, the Senate was bound to be- ,
lieve that, notwithstanding my argument was :
entirely the reverse. I said I had heard that argu- >
ment that the Senate must not amend a bill be-
cause it would be lost in the House of Representa-
tives until I got tired of it; and yet the Senator ;
■would have it understood that I said it was anew ,
thing in the Senate, and that I had attacked it
because it was a fresh bird let loose. I commented ;
upon it because it was old and stale and unsound. \
I did not say that the,question presented to the >
Senate was one whether it would maintain us own ,
powers of legislation or not. I said no such thing, i
I said that the argument carried out must mean
that, and nothing more. That is what 1 said. I
said the question was whether, in the judgment
of the Senate, this amendment ought to be put to
the bill, and if the Senate thought so, and put it
there, they would have discharged their duty, arid
then it would be for the other House to discharge*
theirs. That is what I said. I said it emphati-
cally, the Senator says. I hope I said it respect-
fully to every Senator, and to the body; and if in
arguing questions here, I shall deem it proper to
speak directly to the point, in a logical way, and
forpurposesof useful legislation, instead of thrust-
ing myself into the arena like the clown at a cir-
cus, I must be excused for preferring that plain
mode to the other.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate adjourn,
f" Oh, no !"] It is a quarter to five o'clock, and
I think this farce is likely to be turned into a trage-
dy, and I hope tlfe Senate will adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 21.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, all personal mat-
ters are disagreeable to me. I want to state now
—1 do not go into anybody's motives—but the
Senator from Michigan misstates entirely and
totally the remark which I made, upon which he
based what I suppose he calls wit, and I am
willing to let it go so; and that was that I did not
know upon which side gentlemen had been argu-
ing here.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator is commit-
ting the very breach of decorum for which he
caltcd the Senator from Michigan to order.
Mr. HALE. I did not say that he misrepre-
sented.
Mr. DAVIS. You said misstated, which is
somewhat more harsh. I hope the Chair will
enforce the rules of oider.
The PRESIDENT fao tempore. The Chair will
declare the Senator out of order, and the Senate
will determine whether he shall proceed in order.
Those in favor of the Senator proceeding 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word
on that subject. I certainly desire the ordet* of
debate to be preserved as much as anybody; but
although I acknowledge the term "misstate"
sounds harshly, it docs not imply that it is done
intentionally.
Mr. HALE. Certainly not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I may misstate a case
which I do not understand. I examined a little
once as to this very question. When you say a
gentleman has misstated, you may mean only that
he has stated erroneously, but not misrepresented
or misstated intentionally. I consider it not out
of order at all, but within the strictest rules of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those in favor
of the Senator proceeding in order will say
"ay."
The question was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. HALE. 1 did not mean to be out of order, ■
and I carefully weighed the word so as not to ho ;
out of order. I recollect reading a work of Dean j
Swift, in one of his travelsjn one of the nations ;
that he went into, and he said they were so truth- :
ful that they had no word torepiesent falsehood; .
and when they wanted to say it they would sim-
ply say a man had said the thing which was not;
and that they said to get around the word " false-:
hood,'" which was not in their language. Using
the phraseology of that learned English writer,!
will simply say the Senator from Michigan has
said the thing which was not. He stated that I
had said I did not know which side gentlemen had
been arguing upon m the Senate. 1 said no such
thing; thought no such thing; intended no such
thing. I said that outsiders, friends of these dif-
ferent companies, had been at me—the one and
the other; and 1 took so little interest in it that I
did not icmember now which was for one and
which for the other. I spoke of whit occurred
outside the Senate, and not of what took place m
it; and, therefore, I will admit that, if the basis
had been true, the Senator from Michigan would
have made a very witty speech, and that his cen-
sure would have been well applied. |
Now, sir, I shall not undertake to reply to any j
of the insinuations and innuendoes of the Senator
from Michigan. I will let them all go. I plead
guilty to the charge of not mingling ineveiy sub-
ject that comes up, from the incorporation of a
railroad, or a pension, to every great scheme that S
is brought before the country;-and if there, is tp
be any impeachment of my inte^Iligenae, aay
want of attention to the affairs whicH belong -to
the Senate, froi%the fact that my voice is not
heard on every thing, in season'ana out of season, ■
early and late, logically or illogically, I jpfea&
guilty, and leave to the Senator from Michigan'^
or anybody else that is desirous of it, any laurels
that may be won in such a contest. I have none
of them; but if the Senator thinks I have befcn
asleep, I have this to say": I know "some clergy-
men sometimes find fault with their parishioners
arid audience for going to sleep, but 1 think when
a clergyman has a sleepy audience he has no right
to complain. If the speaker has not vitality and
energy enough to keep his hearers awake, I think,
they do wisely in going to sleep. [Laughter.] I
have always thought so, and I do not mean that
as any reproach to anybody who speaks in the
Senate; but if there is anybody in the Senate that
has made his voice heard in season and out of
season, and has failed to keep his audience awake,
1 think he had better examine his own powers a
little, instead of finding fault with the audience.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. I concur with the Senator
entirely, and that gives me an opportunity of con-
gratulating myself particularly for being able to
wake him up. Until I spoke, sir, he was asleep,
sound and snoring. [Laughter.] I presume if
I had not spoken he would have slept until this
time, for I believe I am the only man in the Sen-
ate that he takes especial pains to interfere with;
and hereafter it will be known, when it is neces-
sary to wake up the great light of the East, 1 will
speak and he will wake, and the country will
be enlightened, and possibly, if they cannot "be
enlightened, they can be amused. The whole
scene in the Senate can be changed: if argument
will not answer, buffoonery can fte resorted to.
["Question!" "Question!"]
The IMlESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. PUGH. We have got through this branch
of the subject, and I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays have been called for on the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GREEN. I have paired off.
Mr. RICE. I have paired off with the Senator
from Missouri, Mr. Polk.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have paired off with the
Senator from Delaware, Mr. Bayard. I should
vote for the amendment. v
Mr. WILSON. I was requested by the Sen-
ator from Florida, Mr. Mallory, to say that ho
had paired off with the Senator from New York,
Mr. King.
The result was announced—yeas 21, nays 18;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bright, Chcsnut, Clav, Crittenden,
Davi^, Douglas, Fuzpatrick, Foot, Houston, Hunter, John-
son of 'JVime&^ee, Jones, Mason, Peaiee, Pugb, Reid,
Srba-tiati, Stuait, I'oombs, and Ward—21.
NAYS—Alien, Biodenck, Hi own, Cameron,
Chaudlei, CJ.uk, Dixon, Doohttle, Fe-?cndcn, Poster,
Halo, Hamlin, Harlan, Iverson, Kennedy, Simmons, Wade,
and Wil-on—16.
So the amendment was adopted.
The PPcESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maryland.
Mr. PE'ARCE. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from Ma-
ryland accept this amendment to his substitute?
-Mr. PEARCE. Certainly, I include it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the last amend-
ment voted on is in each proposition. I shall not
vote against tins on general principle. It is al-
ready a corporation that has a charter for one
route, and they have refused to build it for the
last six years, and they hold back until there is
another proposition, and then they ask the priv-
ilege of that, and if they can hold back again they^
will have it all in their own control.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Beli_. Bright, Cliesnut, Clay,Crittenden,
Davis, Douglas, Fiizpauiek, Foot, Houston, ^Ones, Peaice,
Pugh, Iteidj Sebastian, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—18.
