ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Broderick* Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Duon, Doohule, 'Fessemlen, Foster,
Green, Hale, Hiunlin, Harlan, Iverson, Johnson ot Tennes-
see, Kenedy, Mason, Simmons^ Wade, and WiUon—21.
So Mr. Pearce's substitute #as rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now offer the amendment
I sent to the Chair some time ago as a substitute
for the bill.
Mr. IYEE.SON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Tile yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert:
- That the Corporations of the cine? of Washington anil
Georgetown, respectively, ai c hereby empowered to author-
ise such pcr.«ons or companies as they ?hall see proper, to
construct and lay down double-track taihvays, with the ne-
cessary switches and turnouts, on  uch lines, streets, and
avenues, as they shall deem most conducive to the public
convenience, with a right to run public carriages theieon,
drawn by horse power, lor the tianrpoitation of passongeis,
receiving therefor a rate of fare not exceeding five cents per
passenger for any distance between the termini, and sub-
ject to such regulations .is to the rate of fare as Congiess
may, from tune to time, preset ihe, and subject, also, to Mich
regulations as the said cities may, fiom turn: to time, pie-
senbe within their respective limns: ProiidcJ. that Con-
gress hereby icaervea the light to lepeal or modify thn act,
and to annul all puvileges acqunedoi granted under it,
whenever the public interests may reqtme it.
Mr. BROWN. I simply desire to say, in ref-
erence to that amendment, that the Committee on
the District of Columbia is the recognized organ
of the Senate for conferring with the corporate
authorities of Washington, and no such privilege
as this has ever been asked; and I appeal to my
associates on that committee if any proposition of
this sort has ever been submitted to us. I think
it is wrong for them to appeal to other powers
with their applications. If they have any to pass
under the consideration of the Senate, they should
be submitted to that organ appointed by the Sen-
ate to consider what they want. I have never
heard a word that the coiporate authorities of
Washington have desired this franchise. They
have sent a resolution * by which they ask the
power of taxing this propeity,and that i« guar-
antied ,asl stated hefoie,in the bill; but thutthey
should iiave the right to this franchise they have
not asked in any rormal way. I can state that I
saw, the other morning laid on our table, a reso-
lution passed by the corporate authorities; but.
neither the Mayor, noranybody authorized to act
for the city> has ever.brought it to the attention of
the organ of the Senate; and 1 think they ought
to treat the committee; who transa< t iheir business
with the respect of having the matter lefened to
them, and the Senate ought not to take it up in
tin's outside way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I owe it to my friend from
Mississippi to slate that, while I was not aware
of any application either lo hi:; committee, or any
omission to make one for this giant, no member
of cither corporation, no public oiiieer connected
with either of the cities, has evoi spoken to me
on the subject, I ofieicd this proposition volun-
tarily, on my own responsibility as a Senator,
believing that the powei ought to be vested m the
coiporations. 1 was not then aware that the cor-
porations, or either of them, desired this p<u\ei\
Since I offered the amendment, however, a slip
of a newspaper has been pi,teed in my hand, con-
taming a resolution by the corporation of the
city of Washington, askmg.for tins \ery powei,
in these words:
'• Ue it rc^olred bv the. Board of ,>Jideimcn and JJoarJ of
Common 0o until ot (he cil'f of IP'a'li'jizUa, Tine the punt
committee of tli" CoiuwmIm to ;ukm.i1 o> the of (his
corpoiatti-n be!on; ('on^w-^ be, and the,'aw. heiebytn
strucied to ie<jue-l and u;_re upon t,'on«;ie^ to pa^ - ieh
law m laws a-- will 'jive to tin? eoipomuorj full power and
auihoiity to authorize the conduction of lamoraN in th >
stieetsand avenue-- ot the city ot Waolmi^tou, ami to con-
trol, regulate, and tax the -ame.
11 licsolvcd, That the Mavoi !v. ami )■! liPVi>in', re<iu«*N>d
to have a copy of thc.-e ie-.oianon-! uan^trntted to tin* Pn.s-
ldcnt ot tha Senate, the Speaker oftlie Hon -cot liepu^eu-
tativys, and eve iy momwi of the Senate ami House of Rep-
resentatives of Use United States
It appears, therefore, thatm offering this amend-
ment, i happened to make the very proposition
which they did ask for, and whicli I was not
aware they desired at all. I meant no disrespect,
certainly, to the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And especially none to my
friend who presides over that committee, i
offered it because it occurred to me that this was
a more appropriate lodgment of the power than
any proposed.
Mr. BROWN. I am averse to having the Sen-
ate thrust upon the corporation of Washington
franchises for which they have not asked. This
■is not a new question. It has been here since the
last session of Congress; it has been discussed in
committee, and I know that it has attracted the
attention of the corporate authorities of Washing-
ton, but they have not asked for this franchise,
except by laying certain papers on the tables of
members. As 1 stated this morning, I do not
think they are the proper parties to exercise it. I
am against giving them the franchise on the broad
principle that they are not proper people to exer-
cise it. It may be that, understanding that to be
my opinion as chairman of the committee, they
did not choose to lefer their application to the
committee of which I am chairman. Whether
that is the sentiment of the committee or not, I
certainly do not know; I have no means of know-
ing, since the question never came up for discus-
sion; but since they have not asked for it through
the organ authorized to speak for the Senate, I do
not think it ought to be authorized in this in-
formal manner.
My friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
iiKW,J I understand, d< sires to incieasc the gauge
ot the toad. 1 think that of itself m pioper;
and mnco you have got an amendment to the hill,
I am for it 1 suppose, without seeing his amend-
ment, he will pioposi: to increase the gauge from
four feet to five and a half fort, and 1 go m for
that. Four feet is too narrow for two horses.
](,ive and a half feet allows two to go ah;east. 1
think the amendment which I understand he
means to propose is light, since you have amend-
ed the bill at all. 1 am willing to accept U; but
as to the proposition of the Senator from Illinois,
it is altogether a difi rent one.
Air. OUITTEjNDKN. I did not intend to pro-
pose any amendment, nor shall I. I intended to
suggest to the honoiabie chairman the propriety
of enlarging the cms; and, poi haps, also the width
of lim road, it is piovided that the rails shall not
be more than lour feel apart; and the ear to lun
upon them shall not be more than six feet wide.
I think u will be veiy unfortunate; and certainly,
if iiitendiu for Jieneial a( commodaLion, there is
one class, and that generally the best of all, who
could have no use of these cars. I should like to
know of my fr iend whether, according to the dress
and custom of this city, a lady would stand any
chance of getting into a ear (laughter] when the
six feel an' diminished by seats on inch side. It
is obviou-dy too small. I hope the gentleman
\vi!l amend Ins lull.
Mr. liUOWiN. 1 say again that, since the bill
lias heen amended at all, I think now it is better
lo meiea^e the i;auiTe ot'the rou.d.
Mr. FESSKXDEN. 1 suggest to the Senator
that, if he wants to secure a wider gauQe,he had
better use the words, "not h'ss than live and one
half ft el,'' because, if you say " not more," they
will make it to suit themselves.
Mr. UROWN. I acknowledge the force of that
Miggestion; and, in accordance with U, my amend-
ment is Jo strike out"* shall not be more than four
feet," and inseit " shall not be less than five feet
six inches."
Mr. DOOLITTuE. The common gauge of all
the railroads in the country is four feet eightand
one half inches.
Mr. CROWN. I specify five feet six inches,
on the principle that that is the width of gauge
which allows two horses to go abreast. If you
make it four feet you must drive tandem—one
horse ahead of the other. I thought tins was a
detect m the original bill; but I was opposed to
amending it because that would requne it to go
back to the House of Representatives. As, how-
ever, the Senate has already amended the bill, I
think we had better make it a regular gauge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Now, I move, in line seven,
section two, to strike out the words, "and the
carnages shall notexcced six feet in width," and
insert " and the carnages shall not be less than
eight feet in width." This will accommodate the
width of the carriages to the gauge of the road.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. There has been some doubt
about the power to tax this road; and, as we have
undertaken to amend the bill, I hope we shall
make that matter clear. The counsel for the city
of Washington had doubts about it, I understand,
and the persons who ask for this road supposed
that this bill gave the power to the city; but there
is some question about it, and I suggest to the
chairman of the committee to have the bill amended
so that there can be no question about the power
of the city of Washington to tax this corporation.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that,
since we have amended the bill. The present
provision is, "that the maintenance and use of
said road shall be subject to the municipal regu-
lations of the cities of Washington and George-
town respectively." Now, I propose to add after
this clause, the words:. " and they shall have at
all times the power of taxation." That is what
was meant; and as the bill has been amended, I
think we may as well put in these words. I un-
derstand that will acknowledge the power of tax-
ation within the limits prescribed by the present
charter; nothing more.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The question Recurs on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Docglas,] as
a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. PUGIT. It was argued by the Senator
from Mississippi that wc ought not to grant tliis
power to tiie corporations of the cities of Wash-
ington and Geoigetown, because it was thrusting
it upon them. It seems to me to be a matter ap-
propriately belonging to them. It is the care of
their own streets, the regulation of their own af-
fairs, and evidently comes within the principle of
popular sovereignty, as my fiiend from Illinois
lias expounded it. We aie not the Represent-
atives of the people of the Distiict of Columbia,
except in a qualified sense. They, by their own
reptesentatives in their municipal corporation or
Common Council, have asked that wo shall give
them the power to regulate the matter, and yet
we refuse to give it to them, and propose to give
it to three gentlemen whom wc do not know at all.
In invitum, over the heads of the citizens of Wash-
ington, represented by thcirown members of coun-
cils, we propose to vest what is evidently a mu-
nicipal privilege, m the hands of three strangers.
My fnend from Mississippi said they had
not asked it of us; but it appears that they have
asked it by a resolution of their council, which
the Senator from Illinois read. But my friend
says we must not grant it, because they have not
brought it to his notice, or probably to the notice
of the Senate. That might have been an over-
sight; that might have been an error of detail.
That is a matter, at all events, which can be rec-
tified between this-and Monday morning; and if
there is any delect of foim, if the corporation of
Washington has not given us due notice of its
wished cither through the Presiding Officer, or
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, that er-
ror, bein«; now .brought to its notice, can be cor-
rected between this and Monday morning. It
otiers the strongest argument why the Senate
should not be crowded on this unusual day and
at this unusual hour'to give into the hands of
three individuals a municipal right which the
municipal authorities of Washington have asked
at our hands. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUGWN. I hope not.
Mr. PUGH. if the Senator has anything to
say, I will withdraw my motion, provided he
will renew it.
Mr. BROWN. I only want to say a word; and
in order to have a chance of doing it, I promise
to renew the motion. The Senator from -Ohio
speaks of there being three persons named m this
bill.
Mr. PUGH. I understand so.
Mr. BROWN. They are named in connection
with their associates; and I state, upon my re-
sponsibility, that a majority, a very large ma-
jority, of these corporators are citizens of the
city of Washington. I presented a communica-
tion, which was read this morning, with their
names appended.
Mr. PUGH. They can sell their stock to-
morrow.
Mr. BROWN. So may anybody else. Those
belonging to the Metropolitan Railroad Company
can sell their stock, too.
Mr. PUGH. I am not for making this grant
to the Metropolitan Company.
