680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
requires that the bills shall be taken up in their
oraer on the Calendar ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not except by unanimous
consent. No objection, however, was made, and
the resolution has been taken up by the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order,
that the resolution cannot be taken up under the
order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The point comes too late.
The resolution has already been taken up by the
■unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee/ X want the law
read to which this joint resolution refers. If there
has been a clerical error, this is the place to cor-
rect it, and not the Department.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the joint resolution will be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was laid aside, to be reported to-the House with
the recommendation that it do pass. ^
Mr. WHITELEY*. I now ask the Chair where
the Calendar is to be taken up?
The CHAIRMAN. From the beginning.
Mr. WHITELEY. Docs not the resolution
of the House require that you shall procecd as on
objection day ?
_ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that is
simply directory as to the manner of doing busi-
ness, and not as to the place of beginning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask that tiie reso-
lution of the House be read, under which we are
acting.
The resolution was read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I make the point of
order—and if the Chair overrules it, I shall ap-
peal from his decision—that the proper construc-
tion of the resolution which has just been read
requires that the Calendar shall bo takCn up where
it was left off yesfbrday. I call for the reading
of the 30th rule, which provides that the reading
of the Calendar shall be commenced on one objec-
tion day where it was interrupted on the Jast'ob-
jection day. The resolution says we shall pro-
ceed as on objection day.
"The 30th lule was read by the Cleik, as fol-
lows:
" On the first and fourth Fiiday of each month, the Cal-
endar of private lulls &br.ll he called ovei,(the Chairman of
the Committee oi the Whole llou^c commencing the call
where he ielt oft'the previous day,) and tne bills to the pas-
sage of which no objection shall then be made shall be lust
considered and d^pot-edof."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the clause of the resolution to which the gentle-
man has referred applies only to the manner of
doing business. The Chair decides that the Cal-
endar shall be taken up at the beginning.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would remark,
in support of the appeal of the gentleman from
Indiana, that, as a matter of justice, as a matter
of sheer right, to the persons who ere claimants
on this Calendar, it would be right to commence
where you left oft* yesteiday. From the com-
mencement of the Calendar down to where you
left oil yesterday,almost every lull has been taken
up and objected to at least once, while there are
many claims on tha^Calendar which have never
been called since they have been lefened to this
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of Older. The niie requires that nil
questions of order shall be settled in committee
without debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Where do you
find that rule ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In the Man-
ual.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Resolution of
the House, under which the committee are act-
ing, requires that the Calendar shull be taken up
as on objection day, and if objection be made,
five minutes'dehaie on f-ach side shall be allowed;
but I submit to this committee that, under the
resolution of this House under which we are here
in committee, it is right and proper that the Cal-
endar shall be taken up whtre we left off yester-
day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 want to know if
the Chair has decided the question of older?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chc>ir has decided
that the Calendar must be taken up from the be-
ginning. From that decision the gentleman from
Indiana has taken an appeal. The question now
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. DEAN callcd for tellers,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Et>ie were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, nays 46.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, in order to make a quorum; and the
decision of the Chair is sustained.
[The committee here ^formally rose; and the
House received a communication from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying
the House that that body had passed bills of the
Senate of the following titles:
An act (No. 153) for the relief of Lieutenant
Joshua D. Todd, United States Navy;
An act (No. 187) for the relief of A. W. Mac-
phersoti;
An act (No. 209) for the relief of Joseph C.
G. Kennedy;
An act (No. 237) for the relief of Arnold Har-
lis and Samuel F. Butterwoith; and
An act (No. 1334) for the relief of Thomas Lau-
rent, surviving partner of the firm of Benjamin
and Thomas Laurent; m which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. ATKINS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cleik will report the
fust bill.
HF,i\RY LEEF AND JOHN m'kEB.
The first bill on the Calendar was taken upand
reported, being a bill (11. R. No. 20fi) to indem-
nify Henry Leef and John Mcivee, for illegal
seizure of a certain bark.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that this bill was not intended to be, and is
not, embraced in the resolution under which we
are acting. It is a bill which has already been
considered and objected to; and it cannot come in
to-day. The further consideration of the case
was postponed last Saturday, and was thereby
taken out of the operation of this resolution.
Mr. ELTSTIS. I can see no force in the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. This bill i.s already under con-
sideration in Commititeo of the Whole House.
The Clerk will repot t the next bill.
Mr. EUSTIS. When does the bill come up for
consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. Next Friday.
KLIPHALRT DROWN, TJt.
A bill (II. R. No. 220) for the relief ofEhpha-
let Biown, jr.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Tieasury to allow and pay to Eiiphalet Brown,
jr., for his servces as artist and master's mate in
the Japan expedition,a sum at the rate of $1,500
per annum for the time he enlisted m said expe-
dition until his discharge from the same, deduct-
ing from the sum the, amount already allowed and
paid him as ni.is'er's mate.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 deso-e to raise an objection
to the consideration of that bill, and to present
the reasons of my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection will be m order
after the report has been read.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to anticipate the read-
ing of the report. On last Monday, we adopted
a lesoiution that, on Saturday, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, the House shall go into
Committee of the Whole and take up the Private
Calendar as on objection day; and when objec-
tion is made to a bid, the member objecting shall
have five minutes to explain the objection, and
five minutes shall be allowed to oppose the objec-
tion. The point which I make is that, by taking
up the bill which has just been reported, or any
other bill which has been previously called upon
any objection day during the session, we are vio-
lating the spirit of the resolution under which we
are acting, which contemplates that we shall go on
as upon objection day. It certainly never could
have been contemplated, that one set of bills
should have the benefit of two objection days
when other bills have only the benefit of one
objection day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Texas comes too late w"b his point of order;
as the Chairman has just decided that question. •
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that question, and the Clerk will read
the report.
The report states that authority to employ ar-
tists for the Japan expedition was not directly con-
ferred by Congress on the Department having
charge of it. As the employment of artists was
so very essential to the success of an expedition
like that in charge of Commander Perry, the
failure on the part of Congress to confer the au-
thority may be safely charged to inadvertence
rather than design. Commodore Perry foresaw,
what he supposed, must be the evil results of this
inadvertency, and engaged artists to join the ex-
pedition. They were enlisted as master's mates,
with the understanding and expectation that they
would seek a suitable compensation from Con-
gress after the return of the expedition. It ap-
pears from the rolls, on file in the Treasury De-
partment, that Mr. Brown served as master's mate
on board the several vessels of the Japan expe-
dition from the 24th of March, 1852, to the 15th
of December, 1854, two years, eight months and
twenty-two days, for the insufficient sum of $300
per annum. He was the daguerreotypist of the
expedition, as well as draughtsman, &c., and to
him the country is undoubtedly largely indebted
for much of the accurate delineations of the inhab-
itants, costumes, buildings, landscapes, &c., of
1 that remarkable, and heretofore almost unknown,
; people and country. Besides being employed in
: various ways on shipboard and on shore in diflfer-
! ent artistic employment, he provided himself with
all the appat atus necessary to the daguerreotypist,
and took over four hundred pictures, all of which
became the property of the Government, and
many of which were used in illustrating Commo-
dore Perry's woik on the expedition. Commo-
dore Perry, m a letter dated February 10, 1857,
says:
" f take pleasure m 'tatm^ that Mt\ ft. Blown, was em-
ployed o< one o{ tue ;n t^t- oj the naval expedition to Japan,
and evcviuod In woik with talent and t<kiU, and to my en-
tile sau-ia'-nou,''
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
I bill, upon the ground that the person for whose
i benefit it is to be passed was paid all the compen-
1 sation which was authorized by law in the«eervice
in which he was legally employed upon that ex-
pedition; this is another service for which this
bill now proposes to pay him—a service for which
the commander was not authorized to employ
! cle.iks. This hill proposes to recognize the ap-
i pointmeiit of officer of this, Government by other
. oiiker.-; without the authouty of lasv.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. It is conceded, Mr.
i Chan m.'n, that Commodore Perry had no legal au-
; thonty to employ artists for the expedition which
! he commanded. But the expedition to Japan was
1 a new and unprecedented expedition. He was
j sent to  ;y and get an inside view of a nation of
| which the' world outside of Japan knew nothing;
! to open commeicial intercourse with an unknown
country and people, n umbei «ng some thirty mil-
: lions; a people having h>nm> of civilization entirely
! different from outy; a p< ople who had been, up to
! that time, grown up to be agieat nation without
■ any connection with any other nation or people,
; shut out from all knowledge of modern civiliza-
j tion, who had excluded themselves from associa-
j tion with all other people. lie wanted to reach
j that people. How was he to do it? Commodore
! Perry did not go there m the ordinary way. He
[ wanted to impress on that people the strength and
j force of modern civilization. He did not present
. himself to them in a waihke attitude; but to il-
1 lustrate before them some of the beauties and mvs-
! tcrics of our civilization, by exhibiting some strik-
1 ing features of our invention in art and science, he
; took with him artists and scientific men; he took
a railroad track, and set the steam-engine in mo-
J tion before them; and a telegraphic apparatus, and
i showed them that conversation could be carried
I on from great distances without the sense of hear-
' ing; and photographic and daguerreotype instru-
ments, and showed them the new art of accurate de-
lineation and coloring with sunbeams. I need not
state to the committee the impressions which these
illustrations of modern invention and the whole
expedition of Commodore Perry made the peo-
ple. He could not procure the services of these
