6a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
then it appears he borrowed $200 of his friend
Holman and paid it to Hughes, and instructed
Hughes to sue in the State court, so he might not
be subject to imputation.
There is another circumstance, Mr. Speaker,
which I would like to have explained. The evi-
dence shows Judge Watrous to be insolvent; it
also shows that, although $20,000 have been paid
by the other partners, he has never paid a dime;
and further, he has never been called on to pay a
dime. Why is this? He is one fourth owner of
the whole purchase; and, although it has been
several years since the money was paid by his
partners, yet he has paid nothing, and has not
been asked to pay anything. Strange indulgence,
this! Singular favoritism towards the judge. So
much so, that we are very naturally led to the
inquiry, how and why is this ?
It is also argued that Judge Watrous had noth-
ing to do with the suits, and had no right to con-
trol them; that he could noteven prevent Lapsley
from suing m Watrous's court. Let me read
froffi a letter of Colonel Lapsley to his attorney,
Hflghes, under date 2d November, 1850, some
two months before the suits were brought. In
this letter lie, in express language,puts his attor-
ney (Hughes) under the instructions, in part, of
Judge Watrous, as to the suit to be brought:
"As Mr. League and Judge Wiurous are interested m this
land, I beg leave to refer you to ttiem ni leiation tu any
matters relating to the suit to be luoughV &c.
Mr. Speaker, I am admonished that my time is
-fast passing away. I wish briefly to speak to a
few other pointy. It i« said that there was an
agreement between the lawyers representing; the
case, that it should bo removed to Austin, and
there tried before a lawyer selected by tin* parties.
I deny that there is sufficient evidence to prove
any such agreement. On the contrary, while the
testimony of two or three witnesses tends to prove
the existence of such agreement, the letters of
Colonel Lapsley, which 1 have before said are
more reliable than the memory of the witnesses
who have spoken of it, satisfactorily disprove it;
they show that Judge Hughes contemplated Fnich
an arrangement. They do not show an agreement
made, and theUawyeron the other side swears no
such agreement was ever made. Dm why transfer
the cases from Galveston to Austin, Judue Wat-
rous being the judge at both points? And if they
could agree for a lawyer to try the cases, why
take them to Austin ? Why not try them at Gal-
veston? The whole thing is an absurdity. Mi.
Taylor swears he made no such agreemunt, and
I am entirely satisfied he told the truth.
Old Judge Watrous disclose his interest in the
Lapsley cases at the first term of the court? 1
am well satisfied he did not. Cleveland swears
he did; but his evidence is entirely worthless; in-
deed, his shifting and changing, as spread upon
the pages of this book of testimony, conclusively
show him to be wholly unworthy of belief. Shearer
and Jones swear doubtingiy; Love but. little bet-
ter; League ia piettyuiueh m Cleveland \s con-
dition; Judge Hughes fixes the time at which the
disclosure was made, at {ho term at which Mr.
John Taylor made a motion for a transfer of the
cases to the Austin branch of the court, and the
record shows that to have been j a January, 1852—
the third term after the suits were instituted.
While, on the other side, Spencer, Taylor, How-
ard, Hartley, and others, swear they heard no
such disclosure. Spencer was one of the defend-
ants who was there attending to his suit; How-
ard was his attorney in the case; Taylor was
the attorney for most of the other defendants;
Hartley, Atchison,and otherattorneys, were prar-
tieingattorneysin thateourt;yetitsecms that they
heard no such disclosure. Then, how is it that the
disclosure could have been made from the bench,
and no one, except the immediate oliicers of court
and the judge's partnei, (League,) and his lawyer,
(Hughes,) have heard it? Can any gentleman
believe the tiuth of that testimony? Can it be
that the disclosure could have been made and not
heard by some one outside of that number?
The gentleman from Georgia stated that the
interest of Judge Watrous was disclosed at the
first term after the suits were brought; he said
the record proved it, and read from the minutes
of the couu of the third term. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Bilunghvrst] showed that
the orders to which the gentleman from Georgia
referred, in which that interest was disclosed,
were not made at the first term, thereby disprov-
ing the statement. Now, let me refer the gentle-
man to page 482, where the record shows that at
the April term, 18'51, the Lapsley cases were con-
tinued; that they were so marked on Judge Wat-
rous's docket, and in his own handwriting:
" During the examination of James Love, the clerk of
the Federal court at Galveston, he was lequested by the
committee to furnish transcupts of the oiders entered in
the 1 j.ipsk'y cases, in the books produced by him before the
committee, and of the docket of those cases, to which he
and his deputy, John S. Jones, were examined; and such
transeiipts were produced, as follows :
" No. 1.— Trial Docket, Jlpril term, 1851.
" Hughes 346. John VV. Lapsley vs. James Marhn ; filed
January 11,1851. Continued.
" Hughes 347, Taylor. Same vs. Charles Duncan ; filed ;
January 11, Jtfol; executed Maich 5,1M1. Continued.
" Hughes 348, Taylor. Same vs. Brown; filed January
11,1851; executed February 17,1851. Continued.
" Hughes 349. Same vs. George liernaid; filed January
11.1851; executed February 17, 1851. Continued.
" Hughes 350, Taylor. Same ts. David Barton; filed
January 11, 1851; executed Pebrury 17, 1851. Continued.
u Hughes 351, Taylor. Same vs. James Barton; filed
Januaiy 11, 1851; executed February 18, 1851. Continued.
"Hughes 352. John W. Lapsley vs. TChphas Spencer;
filed January 11, 1851; executed Februaiy 18, J851. Con-
tinued."
You will find from the evidence of Colonel Love
that these entries on thejudge's docket were made
by Judge Watrous himself, and that not one word
was said or entered upon his docket disclosing
his interest, or about his interest in any way; and
these entries on the minutes were read to Judge
Watrous, and riot in the least objected to by him;
and notwithstanding these facts, during the Jan-
uary term of 185*2, Jones, the deputy clerk, swears
that Judge Watrous insisted that he should make
un entry changing the continuances thus marked
in his own handwriting, to make them read as by
consent; and he did so. Again: Taylor says he
never made such an agreement, and that he never
heard of it until he saw tho evidence of it ex-
hibited in the committee-room here. Why did
Judge Watrous direct that these entries should be
made to read by agreement of parties? Had he
the ri$ ht to do so ? The attorney swears he never
consented to the change. Jones sweats he did it
at the instance of Jhid^e Watrous. Vet, in the
face of this mutilation of the record, gentlemen
sav he should not be tried.
Love, (p. 341,) speaking of the continuances
as originally entered in the minutes of court, says:
(tacition. Did thejudge know of the^e ordeis?
k' .■'in,wer. 1 presume so.
Qu< Yon do not know he did?
" W.iwnv. 1 do not know orhei than That i saw them on
the hook>. 1 lead the oiders to hun every morning, and X
piesume he knew the orders were on the books.
u Question, (_by tho Cii.vium\n.) Every inonutig when
5 on go into couit, you read the oidoisof the preceding day
'• Answer. Ves, bit "
Hut it is said that he disclosed his interest to
certain parties. What is a disclosure of interest,
unless the disclosure is made publicly or to the
patties interested—the parties who have a light
to avail themselves of it if they can ? Yet there
is no satisfactory proof that he did so disclose.
On the contrary, the most reliable evidence is that
the suits were carried from term to term without
such disclosures being made or put upon record.
Mr. Taylor, who was then the attorney for mosf
of the defendants in the Lapsley suit?, not only
says he made no agreement to substitute a lawyer
to try the cases in place of the judge; that he made
no consent or agieement to transfer the cases to
Austin; but that he made no agreement to change
former entries, as Judge Watrous insisted that
Jones, his deputy cleik, should do, and as was thus
done. Mr. Taylor swears that he made a legular
motion in court to have certain suits transferred to
Austin. And while he was arguing it, the judge
granted his motion; and he supposed his case
went to Austin by virtue of such motion and the
orders upon it. There are orders on the minutes
marked as erroneous, and are precisely as Taylor
remembered them, excepting the marking them as
erroneous. Those orders were entered upon the
record of Judge Watrous's court. Afterwards a
consent or agreement was entered upon the rec-
ord, and the former orders marked erroneous;
whick Taylor swears he never made or agreed to,
and never heard of until ho came into the com-
mittee-room. Those orders go on to say that
the counsel agree that all former orders shall be
changed, so as to read as if entered by consent,
when the evidence is that they were changed at
the instance of the judge himtelf, and without the
consent or knowledge of defendant's attorney.
I will read one of the entries which Mr. Tay-
lor proves, and which it seems was entered, and
afterwards, in ink of different color, marked as
erroneous:
John VV. Lapsley, )
vs. \ Erroneously entered.
Mitchell and Warren, j
'' In this ease it appearing to the court that the defend-
ants reside within the limits assigned io the branch of the
district court of the United States for the district of Texas,
held at Austin, upon the motion of the said defendants, by
their attorney, John Taylor, Esq , it is ordered that this
cause be transferred to the said bianeh of the said court at
Austin, and that the cletk oi this court forward the papers
and proceedings tliereiu accordingly, to the said court at
Austin, upon the payment of his tees by the said defend-
ant."
I will now call your attention to one of the other
entries; t mean one of those purporting to have
been made by agreement between the attorneys
of the parties:
" 365. John W. Lapsley v}>. Mitchell and Warren.
" ThU day came the paities aforesaid by their attorneys,
and thereupon the judge of this court having stated that lie
could not sit in this case by reason ol a personal interest,
and of an interest of persons with whom he is connected by
blood in a part of the subject-matter in contest, the said
pames, bv their attorneys, agree that this cause be removed
and tianMbired tu the di*tnct of Austin. And further, it is
agreed that tho continuance*, and all other orders heretQ-
"foie made in tins case, be so corrccted as to lead as made
by consent of parties, and not by the order of this court."
Let me now read what Mr. Jones, the deputy
clerk, says about the last entry:
" Question. Look at tho record book and find the entry
in 1SV3, or tho order transferring the jLapslcy cases, and
tell me whether you made that, and when you made it?
" Answer. That was made in January, 1852, and by me.
" Quezon. Did >ou make that entry ?
" Answer. I made it on the 6th of January. I made the
whole of it.
•fc Qmc^ioh. (by I\Ir. Clahk.) By who<?e otdet did you
make that ^poetal entiy in lelation to pioviou1* orders?
Answer. Judge Watrous moisted that it should be done.
He insHted that it should be sfiown that he had not med-
dled with the case."
Mr. League says, at page 247:
Question. Was the fact of Jud«j" Watiou-. having an in-
tete.«,t in that tiaet of land notorious m Texas at the time
those umts were {nought ?
" j-Jni'vcr. I cannot say that it was. I knew it at the
time the suits were broupht.
" Question. Was it genetally known ?
" Answer. F think it was not known until lie divulged it
from the bench, when the cases wete called up."
Mr. Speaker, it is admitted that Judge Wat-
rous presided in the Ufford and Dykes trial—was
that wrong? In 1830, the State of Coahuila and
Texas granted to Jose de Aguirre, Raphael de
Aguirre, and Thomas de la Vega, eleven leagues
of land each; it is true that the grant was of eleven
leagues to each one, but it is equally true that
tho three grants were made m the same instru-
ment, the same concession. Judge Watrous was
interested with Lapsley who claimed under La
Yoga, through that concession, and through a
power of attorney, purporting to have been exe-
cuted in 1832 by the three grantees to Samuel Wil-
liams authorizing him to seli,&c. Ufford claimed
under Raphael de Aguirre through the same con-
cession—same power of attorney &c., so that
.1 udge Watrous was interested not only in the ques-
tion involved in the Uflbrd and Dykes case, but he
was interested m the same instruments, or muni-
ments of tale. It is answered to this, Mr. Speaker,
that Judge Watrous did not know that the power
of attorney used in the Ufford and Dykes trial
was also an instrument common to both that case
and the Lapsley cases; that the power was ad-
mitted by the attorneys; not read in the trial or
hearing of the court, and he should not be blamed
for he could not know it was an instrument com-
mon to both sets of cases. I admit that the power
of attorney was admitted by consent, but was
there nothing else in the case, or that was devel-
oped on the trial, to admonish the judge that he
was trying a case involving, not only the same
questions, but the same instruments, upon which
his own title to his interest m the Le Vega land
depended. Look at the deposition of Samuel M.
Williams which must have been read to the jury.
In that deposition Williams explains the conces-
sion, and, if I am not mistaken, also the power,
showing the connection between the cases, making
