1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge fVatrous—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
it olpar that the judge must have known what he
was doing.
Again: there had been a judgment by default
in the Ufford and Dykes case at a previous term
of the court; and it seems the judge's attention
had been called to it by a motion in arrest of judg-
ment. He went into the office of Judge Hughes,
where League was, and expressed some concern
about the case. Judge Hughes, who was said to
be one of the judge's favorites, and who was thte
attorney for Lapsley and partners, who claimed
under La Vega, delivered a message to Mr. Hart-
ley, which I will read:
" One morning, after the motions had been argued—per-
haps one of thorn—I started out to get Colonel Alien to
make an affidavit ofnieiitonous defense,"fifth eh had notjet
boon put it). As I was returning, I met Judge Hughes at
the corner of my pavement. He was not then employed in
the case. He spoke to me, and told me that Judge Wat-
rous came into ins ofiice the evening beloie, where he and
Mr. League were, and said thnr he was in great peiplexitv
about that case; that he did not like to see the cast go off
in that way; that the motion in aue-tor judgment was not
{sufficient; and that there was no affidavit of a meritorious
defense in siipportof a motion Cor a new tual." * * * *
" Judge Hushes told uie that Judge Watrous <aid that if I
would put in an aOidavit uf nieniomms dclcnse, Judge
Watrous would grant the motion foi anew trio 1 ''
Judge Hughes m that way succeeded in getting
into the defense of that case, with the two young
men (Hartley and Thomas P. Hughes) who weif.
representing the defendants; and it was partly, if
not mainly,through his influence, that those young
men agreed to let in the power of attorney, Judge
Hughes at that tune being the attorney of Laps-
ley, whose interest it was to establish the validity
of that power of attorney, and furnishing a copy
to be read against his own clients. Jud,^e Hughes
says:
"Qucsiioa. W.i- any ipi'Miou made as to that powei of
attorney. "U the tual ?
"Jlwwcr. I cannot answer in the a (Hi mauve cleai !y and
distinctly; hut I can say im«=. Mi. Thomas Flimhe-; was the
original counsel  oi the deiendani •; lie \va- a young man,
residing at Georgetown ; Mi. Jinnies and my>elt, in the
order named, were subsequently euiplo\ ed a< counsel; and
at the trial, believing thai no buhM.tnual objections could
be made to the powerot attorney, I insisted that iMes«rs
Thomas Ilughe^ and llaitley should not object to it; and
i beheve that no objections were made."
Now, sir, one word to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson.] He seems to feel the force
ofthearguments which have been presented within
the last few days—that there was a certain power
of attorney in which Judge Watrous was inter-
ested, and that that ccrtain power of attorney was
admitted on the Ufiord and Dykes trial, with the ;
knowledge of Judge Watrous of the fact that it
was a power in which the juage himself was in-
terested; and he {(resents the point that the power
of attorney may have been good for La Ve^a and
not for Aguirre. If the gentleman will look into
the case, he will find from the evidence of Hart-
ley, one of the lawyers in the ease, that the de-
fendant's attorneys objected to the introduction
of the onginal concession as cvidcnc<\
In the case of Ulford vs. Dykes the same con-
cession gave La Vega and the two Aguirres eleven
leagues of land each; and that concession, if good
for one, must have been good for all; if bad for
one, bad for all. That concession was not ad-
mitted by consent. It was objected to by the
defendant'sattorneys; and was objected torn part :
upon the ground that the laws of Coahuila and ,
Texas did notauthonze the Government to grant |
so much land m one concession. The judge over- |
ruled the objection,and permitted the concession ,
to go m evidence to the jury, and charged upon ;
that evidence that the concession was good upon ;
its face and conveyed the title. j
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen- |
tleman does not state the facts, which appealed !
in the testimony, that the concession never was !
read before Judge Watrous, in the Ufford and 1
Dykes case; that the case went off upon the stat-
ute of limitation; that the defendant admitted it
to be received, and that no question was raised as
to its validity.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken. ;
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. No, sir; j
the proof is complete and full as to those facts. ]
Mr. HOUSTON. My hour has nearly expired;
but if the House will give me time, I will show ;
whether that is so or not. 1 stated that Hartley j
swears that he objected to the introduction of the j
concession, and I am satisfied that I can show i
that he did object. He goes on to state that he
did object because it conveyed more land than the
laws allowed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I challenge
the gentleman to show that the case did not go
off upon the statute of limitation.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not the question be-
fore us. Here is Hartley's testimony, and I leave
the House to determine the question. I have no
feeling in this matter other than the discharge of
my duty. I have no pride in having a trial or-
dered if the circumstances and proofs do not re-
quire it; but I have a pride in making good what
I say.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I have as
little pride as the gentleman; but the gentleman
• having the conclusion of the argument, should
not misstate the testimony.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not say the gentleman
had any pride, nor do I care whether he has or
I not. I am arguing the question upon the facts,
T am going to read the evidence, and the House
can judge whether I am right or wrong,
i fHeie the hammer fell.]
j Mr. HOUSTON. 1 hope the House will allow
i me to read a short extract from Mr. Hartley's
' evidence sustaining my statement.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the gentle-
man be allowed thirty minutes longer.
[Cries of " No !" " Yes!" and " Go on!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired, and objection is made to extending his
time. The question is now upon the resolution,
and the amendment offered thereto.
[The following is the evidence of Mr. Hartley
to which Air. Houston referred:
<{ Quctfion You stated that the niiirinal concession cm-
biaccil the two titles ot La Ve<ra and Aymrre ?
" Jhf>it-cr. It was to La "Vega, itaphael Aguirie, and Jose
: Maim Aszmiic.
! u OacUion. It was a single concession embracing three
| grant'
I " Anwer. Yc«, mi ; and I think one of the objection-- to
it was taken upon that ground The objection was that it
emhiaeed thnty-three leagues, when the law of Mexico
provided that no more than eleven leagues should be united
in the hand* of any one person.
lk Question, (r>y the Chairman.) In your aigument you
and your colleague-, attacked the original concession fiom
the spates ot Coahuila. and Texas to the two Agunres and
La Vej$a ?
"diwer. Yes. fir; Thomas P. Ilughes and myself. We
did not aigue that question to the jury. VVe ie Med its ad-
mi^-ion as evidence on that giound at the trial."
Page 405, Mr. Haitlcy says:
" The case of those who had no^pecutl defense was tried
fl,<t On eueh tna! my impif^ion i> that we took every
1 po^iblo objection to the on mal title, and all po-siblo ob-
; jecttou we'eouSd -uir^e^t to the validity of the original con-
I cession* themselves.-"-'
| Again, he says:
j <>.i. Will you r< fleet, in oidei that you may state
i with some degiee of preeiMon, w bet her theie u as an\ ar-
! gument to the court oi not on any question au^mg on the
| lace of the power of attorney?
j "dnsuer. I do not lueoJJect I do not know whether we
! saved the point oi not. We objected to the sale under rliat
[ power of attorney, heeau-e the sale was ieally made inoie
! than seven }eat.> aftei vvaids. The id'••a wan to bring it
| within the piesumpiion that the patty who executed the
I power was dead. We made some objection with a view to
| that. We called Mt. Meimnan. who w;it> counsel tor the
I other nde. to piove by him riiat the deeds undei the powei
I of atiomey were antedated; that thev we^in Ins hand
vvriinisr.and dated poor to the time he went to Texas. That
! ob|uciion w.i.- made, but whether it wa>- finally saved oi
nor 1 am not ceitaui. i tlnnkiti-5 possible thai it was not."]
LMPLACILM HNT OF JUDGR WATUOUH.
SPEECH OF HON. MILES TAYLOR,
OF LOUISIANA.
In the House of Kefresektathes,
December 13. 1858.
[ueviskij j }
The House having under consideration the lesolutions
repoited by the Committee un the Judiciary, m lefeience
to tile impeachment oi .1 udge Watious>—
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, said:
Mr. Speaker: My position upon the Judiciary
Committee, and the "fact that, as a member of that
committee, I joined in a report recommending the
impeachment of Judge Watrous, would seem to
make it necessary for me to take a part in this
* For the original report see Cong. Globe, page 59.
discussion. But, if it had been otherwise,.! should
have felt it my duty to seek the floor for the pur-
pose of giving expiession to my views in regard
to the great question involved in the resolution
now before us. That resolution proposes tq im-
peach a judicial functionary of the United St^es
for high crimes and misdemeanors in office. The
position of the case, however, is a singular orife-.
We find that there is strong and decided opposi-
tion made to the resolution, and that that opposi-
tion is based upon positions which, according to
my notions, are in violation of the principles of
the Constitution; are opposed to the practice of
this Government from its very foundation; and,
if maintained, would, in the end, be subversive of
the administration of justice.
It is proposed by a portion of the committee
that John C. Watrous, of the State of Texas,
should be impeached for high crimes and misde-
meanors. That recommendation is based upon
facts elicited upon an inquiry had before that com-
mittee upon two memorials. One of those me-
morials was presented by Jacob Mussina, a citizen
of the State of Louisiana. The other was pre-
sented by Eliphas Spencer, a citizen of the State
of Texas. It is not now my purpose to engage
in an argument of, or even to give a recital of, the
facts which weie elicited upon that investigation.
I shall not engage in any argument in respect to
controverted potations on the evidence, but shall
simply content myself by a reference to certain
facts which stand uncontroverted and are uncon-
trovertible, and afterwards attempt to show that
upon those facts as presented to this House, it is
our duty to the country, that it is our duty to
ourselves, to accuse John C. Watrous of high
crimes and misdemeanors, and call upon the Sen-
ate of the United Slates, the great constitutional
tribunal, clothed with the exclusive authority to
condemn or absolve him oil that accusation,'to
put him on trial at their bar.
I will refer first to the facts which are estSblished
in relation to the memorial of Jacob Mussina.
In that memorial it is setforth that the conduct
I' of Judge Watrous in a certain chancery ease pend-
ing in the district court of the United States,
within the State of Texas, was unworthy of a
judge, and was calculated to injure a citizen, to
deprive him improperly of his rights, and to dis-
turb the administiation of justice. Upon an ex-
amination of the record of that case, it will be
found that that hill m chanceiy was brought ori-
ginally in the names of a number of parties, who
claimed to be the owners of a certain tract of land
under a grant; and in the bill, as presented to that
court, they asserled themselves to be, as beyond
all doubt they weie, citizens of Mcxico; they as-
serled themselves to be aliens. In the progress
uf that cause, the right of the counsel who insti-
tuted the action to represent all those parlies, was
controverted. The fact was put m issue; it was
submitted to the judge, and the judge, by an order
passed, recognized ihe fact that the counsel who
had filed the bill, was not employed by five out of
the seven or eight parties. The judge then ordered
those parties' names to be stricken from the bill
as parties complainants; but going beyond the
limits of oidinary proceedings, 111 the same order
it was .suggested, and directed, that the counsel
should have leave to make those peisons whose
names had been stricken from the bill as plain-
tiffs, parties defendants, upon making the allega-
tion in the answer, that they were citizens of the
State of Texas. As citizens of Mexico, they
could not have been joined in a suit as parties
defendants, because that would have ousted the
court of jurisdiction, and the court would have
been absolutely without anyjurisdicuon-and with-
out power to try the cause. The judge knowing
that fact—for it is to be presumed that judges
know something—knowing the fact that these
parties were citizens of Mexico, directed the coun-
sel to make an assertion of a falsehood upon the
record, in order that the court might have author-
ity to proceed.
Is it necessary to refer to authorities to show
that the court presided over by Judge Watrous
was absolutely without jurisdiction in the case
before it? Does not every one know that the
courts of the United States are courts of limited
jurisdiction; and that they have no authority
whatever to act in a cause unless it is rightfully
