64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 13,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Taylor.
IIo. of Heps.
before them? and that, unlike courts of general
jurisdiction, there is no presumption in favor of
their authority to proceed in any cause, but that
the facts necessary to give them jurisdiction must
be specially shown by the record ? And what are
the facts disclosed by the record ? Was the case
presented one arising under the Constitution or
laws of the United States? or of treaties made
under their authority? or one of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction ? Not at all. It was one
of an ordinary character; between ordinary indi-
viduals; involving a mere controversy as to title,
and with respect to which no court of the United
States could have been seized of jurisdiction,
unless the character of the parties was such as to
give them cognizance of it.
Under the Constitution of the United States,
the judicial power of the Federal Government, ^
•when its exercise depends on the character of the 1
persons engaged in it, extends to controversies
between citizens of different States, and between j
the citizens of the United States and of foreign '
States. But in all such cases, it has been uni-
formly held by the Supreme Court of the United
States, from the foundation of the Government
to the present day, that each plaintiff must be ca-
pable of suing each defendant, to give the United ;
States courts jurisdiction. That is, if tlic plain-
tiffs are aliens, all the defendants must be citizens
of the United States. The joinder of n citizen of
the United States with aliens as plaintiffs; or the
joinder of aliens with citizens of the United States
as defendants, prevents the jurisdiction of the.
United States courts from attaching; and when a
suit is originally instituted by aliens against cit-
izens of the United States, if at any time after-
wards, in its progiess, aliens should be joined
with the defendants, or citizens of the United
States be joined with the. plaintiffs, the United
States court m which it had been rightfully i
brought would be at once ousted of its jurisdtc- 1
tion. Ooes any one require autlioi ities to be satis- ,
ficd of that ? It' be does, let, him refer to Cranch,
267; 2 Peters, KS«, 565; H Peters, 60, &c. 1
And now I ask, what are the facts disclosed by
the record in the cast; spoken of? Were not a
part of the defendants m the case, as well as all of
the plaintiffs, aliens? And was it not known to
Judge Watrous that that fact had the efl'ectofoust-
ing Ins court of jurisdiction > If you say it was
not; then let me ask yon why it was he directed
the Mexican plaintiffs, in the order dismissing ;
them from the ease as plaintitls, to come into eourt
again as defendants, and allege themselves to be :
citizens of Texas? Why direct a falsehood to be ,
placed on the record, unless lie knew that the state- j
ment of the truth as to their citizenship would [
have been fatal to the jurisdiction of the court?
To my mmd 110 other conclusion can be drawn
from the facts; and for myself, 1 cannot but think
that Judge Watrous intended, by authorizing the.
assertion of a falsehood on the recoid as to the
characterof the new defendants, to retain jurisdic-
tion over tlx' ease wrongfully.
But if i were mistaken in tins, and it were true
that the court had juiisdiciion over the paities to
the suit, it would be still clear that the case, was
not rightfully before the court—that it had 110 ju-
risdiction over it, m the shape in which it was
brought. The case was begun and earned on
by a bill in chancery, on the equity side of the
court. And now, ur, upon examining that bill
it will be found that the district court of Texas,
sitting as a court of equity, was utterly without
jurisdiction m rtsr.eci to the nature of the litiga-
tion. The matter presented for the decision of
the coutt was a meie question of title. That is a
question-which belongs to a court of common law.
By astatuteof the United States, a court exercis-
ing jurisdiction by the Constitution is prohibited
from exercising chancery [lowers in relation to
any matters in refeienee to winch there is an ade-
quate remedy by an action at law.
But it has been said that jurisdiction was given
to the court bccause of the nature of the contest.
It is said that this was an instance in which the
parties complainant sought the exercise of the
equity powers of the eourt to obtain peace. Sir,
there is not one featuie in this bill which could
give a court of chancery jurisdiction; and I will
call on any lawyer within the limits of the House,
or within the limits of the nation, to show m« one
single case in which a court of chancery ever main-
tained jurisdiction in an action of this nature. The
bill declares it is for the purpose of a recovery on
the title. It expressly declares that it is not for
the purpose of obtaining a partition; for it is the
intention of the parties to make an amicable par-
tition, and they wish the question of title settled
in order that they may be able to make that ami-
cable partition. It is not a bill of peace: because,
Mr. Speaker, there had never been any suit in
regard to that title. There is not an instance
within equity jurisprudence in which theie ever |
has been a bill of peace entertained by a court of '
chancery when there had not been a long series , j
of litigation with respect to the title of property m .
contest in courts of law. Under the system of jj
practice adopted in countiies where the common I
iaw prevails, the ordinary mode of trying title to d
property is by actions of ejectment. But the ac- j
tion of ejectment is, in its nature, a mere possess- j
ory actioci. It decides nothing but the simple j|
question as to the right of possession at that time. j
In consequence of this, under the principles of ii
common law, parties who conceive that they have
a better right to a piece of property may at any
time begin, again and again and again,actions ill
ejectment founded on the same titles.
In most, if not all, of the States composing the
United States, there has been legislation oil this
subject for the purpose of preventing the evils
growing out of protracted litigation in this way.
Ill many of the States, it is by statute declared
that after a certain number of verdicts, the ques-
tion of title shall be considered conclusively set-
tled. But, I repeat, there is not an instance ill
the whole circle of equity jurisprudence in which
theie was ever a bill enteitained by a court of
chancery to quiet a title—to give peace until after
theie had been previous litigation m regard to
that title in a court of law. Neither was it a case
which related to a common right, like a right to
a fishery, or to a right of way, &c., &c., in which
great numbers or a whole community were in-
terested alike; nor were there an unusual num-
ber of defendants to be brought before the court.
11 wtts put ely and sun ply all action upon a legal title
tor the recovery of a tract of land from a few ad-
verse claimants who were in possession of it.
Ami, this being so, can any one believe that the
case pn sented was one of which a court ot the
United States, sitting as a court of equity, could
rightfully take cognizance? Whj', sir, under the
principles which obtain ill England with respect
to the exercise of equity powers by their courts,
such a case as that could not have been main-
tained for an instant. And if that is true in Eng-
land, where there is no positive statute expressly
forbidding the exercise of equity poweis by the
courts m cases where Lhere is a plain and ade-
quate remedy at law, bow much more so must it
be here, where there is such a statute?
The want of any jurisdiction over the case in
equity was formally set up by jdea, on the part
of some of the defendants, m their answer to the
bill; and the fact, that the court was absolutely
without jurisdiction because of the character of
the parties, was brought to the notice of the court
by a motio® to dismiss on that ground, made be-
fore the ease came on for a final healing. ^ But
neither of the objections were heeded by the judge
who proceeded to make a decree in the case m
favor of the plaintiffs. And what, let me ask,
was the effect of this conduct on the part of the
judge? Why, sir, the suit was one properly
cognizable at common law, in which the defend-
ants weieentitled, under the Constitution, to a trial
of the facts involved, by a jury. And it was also
one in which these defendants could not have been
rightfully concluded by a single decision at law
so as to be foicver after precluded from asserting
any rights which they might really have to the
land in question, m a subsequent action. ^ By the
improper conduct of John C. Watrous in main-
taining jurisdiction over the cause, first, the de-
fendants were deprived of their right to a trial of
the cause by jury; and secondly, the complainants
were enabled to obtain a decree in a single pro-
ceeding, by which they were not only put in pos-
session of the property claimed,but the defendants,
in violation of the principles of the common law,
and to the injury, perhaps destruction, of their
legal rights, were to be forever prohibited from
again raising the question of title with respect to
the land described'in the bill; as they would have
been authorized to do, if the suit had been one at
law instead of m equity.
These are the only points, as to the misconduct
of the judge, to which I will now direct the at-
tention' of the House, with respect to the case
presented by the memorial of Jacob Mussina.
There are various other points ir, his conduct in
that case which merit the serious attention of the
House. But I cannot now take the time to refer
to them; and will pass on to the case presented by
the memorial of Eliphas Spencer.
I will not attempt an investigation of the facts
involved in that case. That has been gone into
at length by a number of gentlemen, and many
of the most important facts have been referred
to, in a manner calculated to arrest the attention
of the House, by the gentleman who has just
closed his remarks, [Mr. John Cochrane.] I
shallfhowever, refer to two or three facts that
are presented by the evidence, and which cannot
be disputed or disproved. It is shown that the
tract of land spoken of by the honorable gentle-
man from New York—the eleven leagues of land
-—was purchased by parties in Alabama, and by
parties in Texas, of whom Judge Watrous was
j one. It is true it was sought in the course of the
investigation before the committee, by the testi-
mony of Judge Hughes and of other witnesses,
to show that at the time the purchases were made,
Judge Watrous desired that the litigation which3"
was to follow upon the purchase should be insti-
tuted and carried on in the State courts, and that
; he, Judge Watrous, had no agency or connection,
| nor was he to have any agency or connection,with
the management or direction of that litigation;
[ that he had no agency as to the choice of the
j courts in which the suits were to be instituted;
that he had no agency or connection with the
management and progress of the cases; and that
he could not, by any possibility, have had any,
1 because the legal title was in J_,apsley. This is
stated, in so many words, by Judge Hughes, who
- was examined before the committee, it is stated
in so many words by Thomas M. League, who
was also examined befoie the committee.
I That record, however, contains evidence which
1 shows that these gentlemen were mistaken, and
] that what they asserted was not true in point of
fact. This evidence does not depend upon treach-
! erous, or perverted memories. It is written evi-
dcnce,cotemporaneouswith the transaction; writ-
ten evidence furnished by the parties, and which
i preceded the institution of these suits, directed
! where they should be instituted, and prescribing
J under whose direction they should be prosecuted.
: Mr. Lapsley, in his letter to Judge Hughes, of the
j 31st of October, 1850, states that it was the de-
termination of the parties that the suits necessary
! to be instituted for the recovery of this land should
' be brought in the Federal court of the State of
j Texas. In the latter part of this letter he states
i that he had sent a certain portion of the papers,
I but that there are other portions of the papers in
leterenee to this case which would be forwarded
| to him at a subsequent day, through Mr. League
! or Judge Watrous; showing that at that time Ml*.
; League and Judge Watrous were with Mr. Laps-
! ley. In a letter dated the 2d of November, only
, two days after the writing of that letter of instruc-
] tions to Hughes, directing the institution of the
i suits, Mr. Lapsley writes another letter, in which
I' he refers to the lact that suits are to be brought
' | in the Federal court; and he then specifically in-
structs Mr. Hughes to be guided in respect to
the management and direction of the cases to be
brought: and by whom ? By Judge Watrousand
!i Mr. League, who weie, Lapsley says, interested
1 with him in the land to be sued for.
;! In his testimony Mr. Lapsley declared that he
I never gave any other instructions to Judge
; Hughes, m regard to the place of instituting these
' suits or the mode of conducting them, other than
were contained in these letters.
i If this fact be true, (and who can for a moment
i doubt it, after looking at the evidence before us,)
; what is the necessary result? Why, is it not cer-
tain, as was well shown by my friend from New
York, [Mr. Cochrane,] that when the parties
!; interested in the purchase of the land completed
I i their arrangements at Selma, it was their design
