1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
posed purchase of a site for fortification* upon the north
side of the bay of San Francisco; and that paid committee
bemstiueted to report at the present session.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom wa^ referred the petition o*f
Stephen Shinn, for payment for material furnished
and money advanced to Samuel Colt for his ex-
periments with the submarine battery, have in-
structed me to ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration. The committee are satisfied
that the claim is against a private individual, and
not a proper subject for Congress.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. MASON. I move to withdraw the papers
of Stephen Shinn, just laid before the Senate by
the Senator from Florida. The purpose is to en-
able him to prosecute the claim against the indi-
vidual who is presumed to be liable.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred so much of the
annual message of the President as relates to the
construction of naval vessels, submitted a report;
which w^s ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the memorial of F. W. Lander, praying compen-
sation for the reconnoissance of a railroad loute
from Puget Sot*nd, via the South Pass, to the Mis-
sissippi river, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of F. W. Lauder.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RElD,from the Committeeon Patents and
the Patent Office, to whom was refetied the me-
morial of Oscar J. E. Stuart, praying that the
patent laws be so amended that a patent may i^sue
to the master foi a useful invention of his slave,
reported a bill (S. No. 548) to authorize the issue
of patents in certain cases, to negro slcivts, for
the use of their owners; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (tf. No.
546) to regulate the practice of law in the United
States courts; which was read twice by its title,
and lefeired to thc^Committee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 547) to
authorize the courts of the United Stntes to issue
writs of mandamus; winch was read twice by iis
title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
549) for the relief of James P. Cook; which was
read twicc by its tale, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foieign Relations. *
PAY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to give notice that,
on Wednesday morning, 1 shall endeavor to bring
up for consideration the bill increasing the pay
of the Navy. I do not desire to assign a paitic-
ulai day for it, believing that the bill will have a
better chance by taking it up in the morning hour.
If the-friends of the bill are sufficient in number,
we can probably dispose of it m that morning.
LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask leave to call up the hill
S. No. 432. It relates to matters in Minnesota
of a local character, and will cause no discussion.
It has the approval of the Committee on Public
Lands, and the Department; and if it does not
pass this session, it will do great injury to some
of our citizens.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 432) to amend an act entitled
44 An act making appiopuations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1856."
It is proposed by this bill to provide that that
portion of the third proviso to the first section of
the act referred to in the following words, " that
each contractor engaged, or to be engaged, in car-
rying mails through any of the Territories west
of the Mississippi, shall have the privilege of oc-
cupying stations, at the rate of not more than one
for every twenty miles of the route on which he
carries a mail, and shall have a preemptive right
therein, when the same shall be brought into
market, to the extent of six hundred and forty
acres, to be taken contiguously, and to include his
improvements,M shall be construed to apply to
any and all mail routes extending through any
portion oftheTerritoriesof the United States west
of the Mississippi river, no matter in what direc-
tion the route or routes may extend; andthisa-ct
is declared to apply to all claims or selections here-
tofore made under the act of the 3d of March,
aforesaid,and the entries and locations heretofore
made under that act, are to be confirmed, subject
to any bona fide claim, under any law of the Uni*
ted States, to the whole, or any portion, of the
lands embraced in the entries or locations, made
prior to the date of the selection thereof, under the
act of the 3d of March aforesaid.
The Committee on Public Lands reported in
favor of striking out the second section; which is
in these words:
" Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act. a contractor, on aeontract made af-
ter the passage thereof, for a period less than two year?,
shall not he entitled to then^ht of preemption, and thai the
ijimntity of land to be hereafter occupied for a station shall
be limited to one hundred and sixty acres, oi a quarter sec-
tion.5'
And to insert the following:
" That all that part of the third proviso of the first section
of said act whicil is described in tlie fiist section of this act,
be. and the same is heicby,repealed."
Mr. SHIELDS. I hold in my hand a bill,
prepared by the Department, which I offer as a
substitute for the bill introduced by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and reported,
with an amendment, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands:
Be it enacted In/ the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State? of vlmcnca in Congress assembled. That
all entues which have heretofore been allowed by regi-noi*
ami receivers, under that portion of the third pioviso to the
fn-t fcct.on oi'saidaet, in the lol lowing w«ids, u That each
contiactor ensued. oi to be engaged, m carrying nuuis
thioimh any of the Teiritorius west of the Mississippi, ^hall
have the privilege of occupying stations at the rale of not
moie than one fm every twenty miles of the loute on which
he carries a mail, and shall have a preemption right therein
when the same shall be bioujjht into market, to the extent
of six bundled and foriy aeie5-, to be taken contiguously,
and to include Ins improvements ; but riosueh preemption
right shall extend to any pa^p, or a mountain, or other de-
file," be, and the same are heieby, confirmed, subject to
any bona jide claim, under any law of the United States, to
the whole oi any poiticfu of the lands embtaced in sevd en-
tries or locations made prior to the date of the selection
thereof by the persons aforesaid ; ami the Oomini-hioner of
the General Lard Office u hereby directed to issue patents
for the land embiaced m said entue<*
The amendment was agreed to.
The 6ill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 was out when this bill was
read. 1 should like to hear it. ^
Mr. SHIELDS. It is prepared by the Depart-
ment, to confirm some preemptions in Minnesota.
Mr. HUNTER. The Post Ofnee Department'1
Mr. SHIELDS. No; the Interior Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend the title of
the bill, so that it shall read: "A bill (S. No.
43:2) to confirm certain entries heretofore allowed
under the act entitled ( An act making appropi la-
tionsfor the service of the Post Office Department
■ during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
i 1S56.' "
| ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
! Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
! orders for the purpose of talcing up the Indian
; appropriation bill. It was reported more than a
! week ago, and I think it is time we were acting
! upon it.
j Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the motion of the Sen-
i ator from Vugmia will not prevail. There is a
! very general understanding that a question which
: is certainly agitating the public mmd very laigely
: At the present moment, is to be taken up and con-
! sidercd to-day. If the Indian appropriation bill
! were to pass as a matter of course without any
: debate, I should be disposed to allow it to he
; taken up; but I understand numerous amend-
1 ments are to be offered to it, and the probability
; is that we shall have a protracted discussion on
I the principleof the bill. I should like to be in-
| formed on that subject. I understand that it is a
I bill which will lead to debate.
| Mr. HUNTE-R. I cannot say; I do not know.
! The committee propose some change in the In-
dian intercourse Jaw. That is the only thing thaj.
I know of that will lead to debate! bt^t it is^avery
important matter, and we ought to act on it; .
Mr. SLIDELL. I certainly hiivo CO disposi*'
tioh at all to retard the progress of the appropri-
ation bills; but I have seen enough of the evil Of
this mode of proceeding; the danger of a great
measure being swamped by delay.
I will take this occasion to say a few words in
reference to what fell from the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] the other day. I cannot
quote exactly his words; I have not the paper be-
fore me; but it was to the effect that it was not the
intention or the expectation of the friends of this
bill that it should lead to any practical results. I,
of course, cannot know on what ground the Sen-
ator from New York has offered so unqualified an
assertion. So far as concerns myself, I think I
can say, with entire candor and frankness, that
it is the purpose of the friends of this bill to push
it to some practical result; it is their hope that the
result of the action of Congress will be in accord*
ance with the recommendation of the Executive?
and that success will be the result. s
It has been said by the Senator from New York
also, that perhaps it was intended to promote the
personal views or the personal interests of the
Chief Magistrate of the Union. Now, I would
simply say that, so far as I am concemcd, I have
had no conferences with the President on the sub-
ject of the introduction of this bill, or any action
that has been taken in relation to it since. 1 can-
not imagine how the personal interests of the Pres-
ident are to be promoted by the adoption of this
bill. I presume the Senator from New York
meant to say that the political interests of the
President, or of his party, would be promoted by
it. I believe they will; and that, I think, is one of
the best effects that will flow from the discussion
of this subject. But the Senator from New York
also said, that he supposes this benefit is to be de-
rived from the provocation of a debate. To that I
can only say, that I think it very likely that most
beneficial political results will follow from that
debate; but, if the Senator, and his friends on the
other side of the Chamber, desire to avoid the
discussion of the matter, and fear that the debate
will be injurious to their party interests, I can
only say that the friends of the bill are prepared
to vote to-day.
I cannot consent., unless I lmve some assurance
from the Senator from Virginia and the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs that the In-
dian appropriation bill is not to lead to any dis-
cussion or debate, to the postponement of the bill
in lelation to the acquisition of Cuba.
Mr. HUNTER, i can give no assurance, but
I hope very much to get through with the bill to-
day, if the Senate will allow me to take it up. I
can only say to the Senator from Louisiana, that
when the appropriation bills are not up, I shall
vote with him to take up his bill in regard to
Cuba; but it seems to me, with the fe& days that
now remain of the session; it is our duty to give
precedence to the appropi iation bills.
Mr. GWIN. I l>eg to suggest to the Senator
from Louisiana that I am entirely in favor of his
proposition, and shall vote for bringing it up; but
I have had a great deal of experience in contend-
j ing against the chairman of the Committee on
| Finance; and I have found that he generally sue-
I cecda in his motions to take up the appropriation
I bills. The better plan is to take up the Indian
' anpropiintion hill, and pass it right off, and take
| up the bill of the Senator from Louisiana after-
j wards. I believe this day, and to-morrow, and the^
! day after that, will be consumed before the Sen- '
I ntor from Virginia will ever stop. Until he gets
! his appropriation bill passed, ne will make his
| motion every day, and I think there will be more
i tune consumed in debating the motion than it
I would take to pass the Indian appropriation bill.
I Mr. SEWARD. I believe, sir, 1 am tho most
unfortunate man who ever had a place in this
House, or anywhere else. There is no contro-
versy, or dispute, or difference, that can be gotten
up between any two members of the Senate, but
the burden of responsibility or blame ot both par-
! ties falls on my shoulders. Here is a contro-
I versy m the Democratic party, on the other side
| of the House. The'Senator from Louisiana wants
1 to take up the Cuba bill; the Senator from Vir-
I ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
I (a friend, I suppose, ofthe Cuba bill,) objects, and
