688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
thereupon the Senator from Louisiana rises while
I am sitting entirely quiet waiting to take up
either, ready to meet the gentlemen on either bill,
indifferent about the question, and I am forthwith
arraigned because the honorable Senator from
Virginia will not give up the floor and his Indian
bill to the Senator from Louisiana for his thirty
million hill.
Now, Mr. President, I will gtate what is neces-
sary to relieve the mind of my honorable friend
frbm Louisiana of all the difficulties that he has
raised thus far in regard to (bis question this
morning. 1 did say, m the remarks which I made
the other day in regard to this subject, that I was
satisfied the Presidentof the United States had no
expectation of securing the favorable action of
Congress upon that bill. If I recollect what 1 said,
I did not soy, though I may have been under-
stood to say, that the honorable Senator had not,
or that the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
not, such an expectation. I said that the Presi-
dent of the United States, in my judgment, had
no such expectation. The reason why 1 referred
to the President was, that m those reinai ks i said
this was an Executive measure, a presidential
measure,and I held the Ptesul"nt responsible for
it. The ground upon which I argued that the
Piesident did not, and could not, expect that the
measure would obtain the favorabic.aetion ofCon-
grcss, was its absurdity; which I demonstrated,
or attempted to demonstrate, ou that occasion.
I will not dispute with the honorable Senator
about the second proposition upon which he com-
ments. I did say that I supposed there was some
personal object of the Piesident to be accom-
plished—expected to be attained by provoking a
debate on tins measine. The honoiable Senator
dissents from the id< a that the Piesident should
have any peisonal object, but admits that the Pres-
ident may have probably a political object.
Mr. KL1DELL. Will the Senator excuse me ?
I made no such admission.
Mr. SEWARD. I so understood the Senator.
Mr. SL1DELL. I said certain beneficial politi-
cal results might flow to tlm party from the dis-
cussion of this measure; and consequently in that
light would mure to the benefit, if lie chooses so
to consider it, of the President of the United
States, the chief of the party.
Mr. SEW A BD. 1 accept the Senator's expla-
nation.
Mr. SLIDFXL. Will the Senator excuse me
one single instant in order that we may know ex-
actly what we are discussing here? I will read
to him from the record what he did say. That
will simplify it very much, it is necessary to
read a few words in advance, that the context may
appear:
•• Are we Jo midei-tand him. and a iikijoi ity of the com
untie'- hep', (bar thev a-K 11- to htm^ J-p.un muitoeilv into
a ivd! in older that we mav conquei ('uha ? rl Iiai would ho
to impure to the he-alent ;usd to the committee badlaith,
vUiieii I iixti-i u.M-ih di-ciaim.
Tite-o ( on-ideia'ion- '-.ni-iv my maid 'hat if i i not ex-
pected. that it i* not intended,*''—
That is broad, general, and sweeping, and in-
cludes every man on tins wide of the Chamber, as
well as the President—
"that Cuba s-ball Ik* acquired in consequence of tin-' pio-
^eedimr; but thai it s- -opposed thai vornc other advantage,
some domestic and local heii'Mit, will bo seemed to tin;
Ih-e.-ident of tb'- United ritates h\ piovokinir a dtkue on thi-
Mjhjrct in Cou^re'T."'
Those are the words that the Senator used.
Mr. HUNTER. Senators will allow me to
st'o^c st fhnuhis debate would he proper if we take
up the bill; but until we take it up it is out of or-
•<ii r. They have it up virtually, for they are de-
bating it.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator from
Virginia, when be had the door before, had an-
sw-ied the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
instead of leaving it for me to do, 1 should now
have acquiesced vei y willingly in his suggestion.
However, I was going to say, that the fair con-
stnv t;on of the remark which the Senator quotes,
would show that w bat I intended to say wan, that
the President of the United States did not expect
that this bill would pass, and when T spoke of
persons! and domestic objects of the President of
tue United States, I of course referred to those
Vvjneh ate political. Iam quite willing that the
honorable Senator should wiite in my speech the
word 45 political'1 for 5 v personal." It is only a
different form of expresmcfh of the same idea.
And now in regard to the vote en this question,
Mr. President, I am the last man disposed to
throw any obstacle in the way of it. 1 have said
my say on it for the present, and all that I have
need to say, until something more shall be said in
favor of this exuaordinary proposition than has
yet been said in the very able report which has
been made by the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana. Able as it is,powerful as that document
is, J still think that it argues the desirableness of
Cuba, instead of demonstrating that it can be ob-
tained by this measure, and that this is the right
way of securing it. I indulge no fear concerning
the debate or the vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Virginia to
what transpired on Friday evening in the Senate.
ThchonorableSenatorfromVermont [Mr. Foot]
| took the floor for the purpose of speaking upon
] the question of the arrest of Walker by Commo-
[ dore Paulding; and, by a general understanding
i and consent of the Senate it seemed to me, that
t-ke was requested to give way for a postponement
ij of the question until to-day, when an opportunity
i: would bealfoidi'd him to speak upon that subject,
j, and there was a general understanding on the part
of the Senate that that subject would be taken up
j| to-day. I call the attention^ the honorable Sen-
j, ator from Virginia to these facts, as they trans-
[i pned in the .Senate. I hope this motion will not
j; prevail, as the question on which he has the floor
!j is the fiist special order.
i| Mr. HUNTER. 1 was not in the Chamber
|i when the request was made. I certainly will
!' not mterfeie- with the honorable Senator from
;l Vermont, in courtesy, if this hour was set aside
I] for htm, I will not push my motion; but when he
|, har- done, I will icnew it.
Mr. SLJIELDS. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Virginia that on Fuday, alter he
left the Senate* there vn^su^h an understanding;
and, as a matter of courtesy, I presume the hon-
oiable Senator from Vermont will be allowed to
go on.
Mr. 1IUNTE11. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
Mr. SUDELL. I have no sort of objection.
1 was not present nor a party to that understand-
ing; but 1 trust that comity will always prevail
in the Senate that, without objection, when a Sen-
ator announces intention to speak, and nobody
objects, he will be permitted to have that oppor-
tunity, which I will very cheerfully accord to the
honorable Senator from Vermont; but 1 would
suggest to hmi that, if he speaks to-day on this
suojeet, others will follow. ] understand fhe Sen-
ator from Wisconsin desires also to address the
Senate. Now, I am perfectly willing, as there
seems to Jiave been an understanding, which per-
haps it would be better (certainly it would be
more courteous) to carry out m good faith; nay,
I think we ought, if the Senator wishes to speak
on it, to take it up; with the understanding, how-
ovci, that when he shall have concluded his speech
it shall be set aside, and the bill 1 propose taken
up for discussion.
Mr. HUNTER. I wdl not agree to such an
understanding as that. Let us try the sense of
the Senate after the Senator from Vermont has
finished his remarks.
Mi. PRKJHT. I was not aware that the Sen-
ator from Vermont was entitled to the floor to-
day; of course 1 shall not object; but frsaid on Sat-
in day, what 1 feel bound to repeat this morning,
that there is a bill for the enlargement of the public
grounds which it is very important to take up
and dispose of. if it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to heai the Senator from Vermont, very well;
but as soon as he lias concluded 1 shall insist on
taking up that bill. If the Senate vote me down,
1 shall aeque-see.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Virginia having been with-
drawn, the first business in order is the unfinished
business of Saturday. It is competent, however,
to move to postpone that and proceed with any
other biii.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the consid-
eration of that subject be postponed until to-mor-
row, for the purpose of allowing thejSenator from
Vermont to proceed.
Mr. SEWARD and others. That is the un-
finished business.
Mr. SL1DELL. It is now the first special
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It comes up, then, in its
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the unfinished business
was the business under consideration when the
Senate adjourned on Saturday; but if it be the
pleasure of the bod}r, they can proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution indicated by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. The Chair hears no ob-
jection; and that subject is before the Senate.
Mr. FOOT, I bog leave to submit a word of
explanation. Qn Friday, after the Senate suspend-
ed action on the Private Calendar, the next busi-
ness in order before the Senate as a special order,
was several propositions reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and, among others,
a resolution accompanying Senate bill No. 85 in
relation to arrests and seizures, under the neu-
trality act of 1818; and, also, in relation to the ar-
rest of William Walker and his followers. That
being the first special order upon the Calendar, I
took the floor, and expressed a desire to submit
what remarks I had to make upon this subject at
that time; but by a rare courtesy on the part of
'the Senate, which I trust I fully appreciate, by
general consent the consideration of that question
was put over until the present time, with the un-
derstanding that I should have the floor, and ad-
dress the Senate upon it. I trust, however, Mr.
President, that I have not, during the term of my
servicem thisbody,givensuch manifestationsofa
desire to address the Senate on my part, as that it
should be infened by any member of the body
that I would thrust myself upon any question in
the way of the consideration of other-and moic
unpoitant and more piessing measures, such as
appropuation bills; but as there seems to be a gen-
eral assent that I proceed at this time to the con-
siderai'un of the resolutions indicated, I will call
fur the reading of those resolutions.
The Secretary read the fol'owing resolutions,
which were reported by the Committee on For-
eign Relations at the last session:
Rcsoh-etl, That no funhei piovi-ions of law aie neces-
saiv tu I'wtftji amhourv un the ['resident to cause aricsts
and 5Si,izuiP> io ho made on the hi«h seas tor ofix-mes com-
mitted ajiainsvt the act entitled " An act in addition to the
act lot tae puru.-dnuent of certain cimies against the Uni-
ted ^tate,% and to iepoal the acts therein mentioned,' up-
pioved Apnl iiO. 131b.
'■ Helloed. That the place where William Walker and
hi- tolloweis were arrested, being without me jurisdiction
oi the United States. their ane^t was without wanant nf
law. Hut. in view ot the cucumstanccs attending it, and
nsioult, in taknm awayfiom the territory ot a tftate in
amity with the United States Amcncan citizen1? who were
there with hostile mieni. u may not call foi fuithei censure
than, as u nrirhf hereafier he diawn into^irecedent, if buf-
lored to pa-s without ieniark.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These reso-
lutions die bcfoie the Senate.
Mr. FOG i\ I propose, as a substitute for the,
se«ond resolution of the committee, to strike out
all nftcr the woid " lesolved" and insert the fol-
lowing:
Thar the arrest of William Walkei and his followeis.on
the -lime- of Nieainjina, was made for her benefit, -id m
pursuance of her coo-ent, th^n niihtlaliv pie^umed and
Muee that k'uily expi.^sed; tiint it pn-veuted the carrying
oil of an unlawful and ioJnddi'n nivaMon of that country ;
that it wa-> jtHtuied by the oiders and ne-r, i5etion< civen by
! tlx- aiuhoiiiv of th<- PiO.-idcnt ot the T7ime<] States.; and
! that FIa<:-Otfieer Unam I'auldmtr, vtho made that arrest,
1 pei i'oi tned a mentoi iou-. act a- well n* an othcud duty, and is
j eminently entitled to the apjnov.tl and commendation of his
j countiv
1 1 will also remark, that I intend to offer this as
^ a substitute for the resolution proposed by the
I honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Air. Doo-
: LiTTLi,.] m relation to this same transaction.
| Mr. President, I do not. propose, at this time,
to enter upon a discussion of the several ques-
tions win on are presented by the report of the
Commutee on Foreign Relations, upon the special
message of the Piesident communicating to the
Senate the correspondence, together with the in-
structions and orders of the Government, con-
nected with the expedition and with the arrest
of William Walker and his associates. As a
member of the committee to whom tluit message
and its accompanying documents were reierred, I
concurred, in the main, with the views of the
majority of the committee, as expressed in their -
report, through its honorable chairman. I feel
: obliged, however, now, as in committee, to ex-
: press my dissent from so much of the report ao
: conveys any direct or implied censure of the con-
duct of Commodore Paulding m arresting Walker
. and his command, and returning them to the
