THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,.
Thirty-Fifth Congress", 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1859.
New Series....No. *
United States. I cannot, therefore, concur in the
conclusion of the committee, as expressed in the
second resolution accompanying the report. That
resolution carties with it a censure of Commo-
dore Paulding, although couched in no very harsh
phraseology of expression, in disapproving his
conduct in making the arrest, as having been
made (< without warrant of law." I can votefor
no such resolution of censure, direct or implied,
in howeyer mild a form of expression it may be
covered, or however it may be qualified by ac-
cording to him purity and patriotism of motive.
On the contrary, I approve and commend the act,
as I doubt not, the great mass of the American
people approve and commend it. With this view,
and to test the sense of the Senate upor the ques-
tion,! have offered a resolution of approval and
commendation, as a substitute for the resolution
of disapproval and eovert ccnsure recommended
by the committee. The vindication of Commo-
dore Paulding's action, is the question which J. in-
tend now, briefly as I may, to consider.
The President, in his spccial message upon this
subject, says:
"In oaptnung General Walker find bis command after
thej had landed on the suit of Nicaragua, Commodore Pauld-
ing has, m m> opinion, commit led a grave eiroi. Ii i<< quite
evident, however, fiom the communications hciewtth Hans
nulled, that this was. done fiom puie and putnotic motives,
and in the .sincere conviction that lie was promoting the
interest, and vindicating the lionoi ot In* eonntiy. in ic-
gaid to Nicaragua, she has>  u-tamed no injury by the act
of Commodoie Paulding. Thn has inuied 10 hei benefit,
and relieved her tiom a dieaded invasion. She alone would
have any night to complain o! the violation ot hei territory;
and it is quite eeitain she will nevei exercise this light, ft
unquestionably does not lie in the mouth ol her invadets to
comphun in hei name that she lias been ies?eucd by Com-
modore Paulding fiom then a-—anltrs. The ei ror of ihis gal-
lant otfieer consists in exceeding hi> nish net ion >, and land-
ing his sailor*, and marines m Nicaragua, vvheihei with or
without hei con-ent, lor the puipose o! making wai upon
any militaiy toree v\ hatevei which lie might tind in the coun-
try, no mattei fiom whence thev came. This power cer-
tainly did not belong to him Obedience to law, and con-
formity lo wwliueiioti«, aie the be-t and -afest guides tor all
oflieci*,, civ il and mil mire ; and when tliev tran>eerid these
limit?, and act upon thou own petsonal ii'Hpoiii-ibihty, evil
consequences <dmost mevitahlv lollovv.''
Ttie report of the Committee on Foicign Rela-
tions adopts the views and sentiments of the Pres-
ident as litre expressed, in substance, and nearly
inform; and to all which 1 can agree, ( scepting
the imputation of " a grave error" Lo Commodore
Paulding; the assertion that lie "exceeded Ins in-
structions, " and the assumption that lie " landed
his sailors and marines in Nicaragua fo/ the pur-
pose ol making war upon any military force
whatever, which lie mi^iit find in the country."
I deny the ooneelness of these allegations.
The queiy which fir&t si-eras very naturally to
arise from these declarations and admissions of
the President, and also of the committee, is, how
can that act of Com modore Paulding, which they
say was done from " pure and patriotic motives,
and jn the sincere conviction that he was promot-
ing the interest and vindicating the honor of his
country," and which they say "inuied to the
benefit of Nicaragua," and of which they say
(i Nicaragua alone would have any right to com-
plain as a violation of her tenuory," and of
which they say " she never will be likely to com-
plain," and of which they truly say, " her inva-
ders have no right to complainm hername;" how
can that act, piompted by pure and patriotic mo- :
tives and to save the honor and good faith of the i
country, winch did no harm to Nicaragua, but ,
saved her from spoliation and lapme—how can
such an act, admitted to have accomplished so '
great good and to have done nobody any h.-irni, '
be charged with any propriety, or justice, or con- •
sistency, as a " giave en or r" An ei ror in what,
I may abk ? An. error in transgressing any law
of the United States? That is not charged, either
by the message of the President or the report of
the committee. An error m violating any rule or
piinciple of international law? That is not so
charged. An error in violating the neutrality of
any foreign territory or Government? In enter-
ing upon the territory of Nicaragua without her ■
consent and against her will ? or of doing any-!
thing which she does not approve and applaud ?!
44
Nothing of this sort is charged. An error in
breaking up an unlawful expedition ? It will
hardly do to say that. But the President says:
"The error of that gallant officer consists in exceeding
his instructions, and lauding his sailors andmaiincs in Nic-
aragua, whether with or without her consent, for the pur-
pose (as he assumes) of making war upon any military
force whatever, which he might find m the country, no
matter fiom whence they came."
I cannot accede to the sufficiency or to the ac-
curacy of these assignments of error. On the con-
trary, I hold that Commodore Paulding, taking
into view all the circumstances under which he
arrested Walker and his command, and returned
li them to the United States, actcd within the spirit
|j and the scope of his instructions, and, at the
: same time, within " the warrant of law." 1 un-
'' dertakc to maintain, as best I may, the truth and
soundness of this position.
ij It was known to the Executive Government
here, and to the whole country, that, during the
summer and fall of 1857, Walker was engaged—
not for the first, nor, indeed, for the second time,
but for the third time—in setting on foot, within
the jurisdiction of the United States, a military
expedition,.to be carried on from thence against
a foreign Power with whom we were at peace. I
will not stop to expose the ludicrously bald pre-
tense that this was a bona fide enterprise for a
peaceful emigration. It was, m all its features and
character,a military enterprise against a friendly
Power, begun and set on foot within our own
borders and jurisdiction; in violation of the laws
of the United States; in derogation of the faith
and honor of the Government, and m defiance of
its authority; and such is it assumed to be, and
so was it considered, both by the President and
by your committee. The message and the report,
and all the orders and instructions issued from
the Executive Departments, proceed and are pred-
icated upon that assumption—an assumption
ji drawn from circumstances too clear to conceal the
:j purpose, and too palpable to deceive or to mis-
ji lead anybody as to the real object and design of
:i the expedition. The attention of our Executive
■ ! Government was called to these preparations for
I a military and hostile expedition ugainst Nica-
ragua by the representative of that Government,
who, though not then, was shouly afteiwards,
|| recognized as such by the United States. Aocord-
j i nigiy, a general circular letter of instructions was
: issued from the State Department and sent to va-
i nous civil officers in the different cities and towns
| where these preparations were going on, and to
the commandants at the several navy-yards in the
j United States, and also to the seveiat naval oili-
! ceis in command of vessels on the coast of Cen-
| tial America.
I That circular order, which has been often cited,
I reads as follows:
j Jjui'UtTMr^T or Statc. WASiri\oTo\\
I Scjilcnihcr Us,
| Sir: From mf tntialio.i leeejvrd ai tins D< puitment,
1 th'-ie is ie,w>n in h'-litve that lawless peison-* aie now en-
{jicd Withm the limits 01 the Umted States in seuimr on
, | toot and preparing the means foi imhtaiy expedition* to he
corned on ug.in^t the termoiiefoi Mexieo. Nieai jsnici, and
'j Co.-ta Itie.i, m publics with whom the United Kute-, me ,*t
I peace, in d'teet vioiauou of the sixth section of t! e net ot ,
j Conjiie&f, appioved 2')lh Apn!. ldlJi And und< i the eolith j
j section oi the >aid art it i- made law ml lor the i'lc.-nlenl, :
j oi Mich person ;u- ho shall empower, to employ the land !
! and naval fuices of the United Mate-, and the miliva 1 heie - ;
| of, " for the purpose ot pieventim; the earning on ol any i
! Mir Ii expedition ot cuts rpiise iioin the teirnoi or jun—
! diction of the United State-.•' 1 am. therefore, (jneefed by
' the Pie-ident to cai! your attention to the -u(>ject, and to
| m^eyouto use all due diligence to avail you^eli ;>i ali
' legitimate means at your (.onnnaiul to enibiee the-e and all
t other piov'isjous of the said act of 20th Apnl. nsam-t
I those who may be found to be ei^a^ednt >titin2 on root or
I preparing iiiihiaiy expedition? ogafn-uhcteintoiH" of Mex ;
i ico, C'O'-ia Kiea.and PCieaiaciia,"so manifest!} piepi.iiesaUo I
; the national chaiaeter, and so injm:ous to the nauonat in- [
i teresis. And jou are also h< rcl.y instuicted piompUyto ^
comnjiimeate lo this IX'pftnnient the eurhc-t u;ioim<-u«"m
• you mayieeene relative tosu<'h expedition>.
; 1 am, sn, your obedient servant, L. CASS.
! No one will doubt that this general letter of m-
! structions had special reference to the operai ions
; of Walker, although hi.s name, f"i s>ouic lea'.on
i or other, is not mentioned in it. This order, and
! the proceedings on the part of the Executive Gov-
ernment here, evince their appreciation of the
real character and purpose of the expedition, and
that they regarded it as a flagrant violation of our
neutrality laws; a wanton disregard of the na-
tional faith and honor; and that they regarded all
who were engaged in it as in the highest degree
culpable. They manifest an earnest desire and
determination, on the part of the Administration,
to enforce our neutrality'Iaws; to arrest and break
up all unlawful expeditions, from our shores;,
against foreign neutral States; to maintain the
public faith and honor; and to punish all Who
should offend, in this wise, against the laws, tha
I integrity, and the peace of the country. But,
| notwithstanding all these professions and precau-
tions, Walker's expedition was not arrested on
our coast. It escaped the vigilance—whatever of
vigilance there may have been—of our Govern-
ment officers. It sailed direct for Nicaragua, the
appointed place of Walker's destination, and the
devoted place of his former revolutionary ex-
ploits. lie departed under false pretenses, and
with a false and forged manifest. He deceived,
as doubtless they were quite willing enough to be
deceived, the officers of the customs at New Or- '
| leans atfd Mobile.
1 lis olfense against the laws of the United
States was complete, and was aggravatedby fre-
quent repetition. He had succeeded in getting up
and fitting out a hostile military expedition, not
once only, but again and yet again, under the
very noses of our Federal officers; in bold defiance
of the laws and authority of the Government;
eluding all effoits to prevent his departure; and
to be carried on against the neutral and feeble
Government of Nicaragua. He was now upon
the high seas and about to consummate his crim-
inal purpose bya hostile invasion of thatGovern-
ment. He was now, in the language of the law,
carrying on his unlawful expedition against a
friendly foreign power. What shall be done in
this state of things ? What can be done? fs there
no power, no rightful, legal power, to stop it—
no power to airest its progress ? When such an
expedition shall have been set on foot heie, and
shall have succeeded in putting off to sea, whether
! with or without the connivance of our Govern-
ment officials, is it beyond the pale of ail law and
of all authority and of all responsibility? Was
it then beyond our reach and outside of our juris-
diction when upon the broad ocean, the common
highway of all nations? Or, the rather, does not
our jurisdiction follow the flag of the country
wherever it floats? And are not those who are
, undei it responsible to that jurisdiction? These
, questions carry with them theirown answer. The
authoiity is clear, and the obligation was incum-
bent upon the Executive Government to use all
i the legitimate means at their command, or, at
; least, to use ail the means they did employ, to
; suppiess tins expedition.
i The Administration regarded,or, at least, they
1 professed to regard, the expedition as an unlawful
■ one, and all those engaged in it as offenders against
the l«\v« of th« United States, and to be held amen-
able to those violated laws. They had departed
from our shores, and were carrying on the expe-
dition against a friendly Power, and were about
to put into execution their criminal and predeterm-
ined puipo.se, by an armed and hostile invasion
of that friendly Power which had called upon our
Government for protection against this con tern-
pi,u<_d asgiession. Did the Administration fold its
arms and sit quietly down, saying that the expe-
dition, though unlawful; though in violation of
our acts of neutrality and of our treaties of amity;
though about to cariy war and devastation into" a
neutfal and friendly State; though about to com-
promise the honor and the public and plighted faith
of our Government; yet, inasmuch as it had de-
pa) ted fiom our coast, and had passed beyond our
jUimeiiiiUt: and absolute and exclusive territorial
jur.r.diciion—in other words, it having passed be-
yond a marine league from the coast—nothing
niuu: cwuld be done to aire.nt it and to prevent its
cruel consummation? Did they use any such lan-
guage ? Did they pretend to act upon any such idea?
