690
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 31,
So far from it,sir; so far from considering their
duty, their eiforts, or their authority, at an end;
so far from considering the expedition beyond
their jurisdiction, or their legal right and solemn
obligation to prevent, if possible, its being carried
on to its bitter and bloody issue; so far from con-
sidering that they had no legal-authority to use
the naval forces of the country to arrest it upon
the high seas, or even within the bays and har-
bors, and consequently within the exclusive ter-
ritorial jurisdiction of Nicaragua, and thus to pre-
vent its being carried on further towards the actual
invasion of a neutral territory; that the general
order of instructions from the State Department
was sent forthwith \c - U our naval officers in com-
mand on the coast o4 entral America. Nor was
this all. Other vessels were immediately ordered
to that coast, as the steamer Fulton, for instance,
under command of Lieutenant Almy, and the
United States sloop-of-war Jamestown, under
Commander Kennedy. Special instructions from
the Navy Department were issued to these naval
officers, and all to the end that they should seize
and break up this unlawful expedition; that they
should prevent its being landed in any part of Cen-
tral America. This is the language of the instruc-
tions issued by the Secretary of the Navy on the
12th day of October, 1857, directed to Lieutenant
Almy, and through him to the flag-officer of the
home squadron,Commodore Paulding, then lying
off Aspmwall, and to alt the other officers in com-
mand on the Central American coast. I will road
an extract from this letter of Mr. Secretary
Toucey:
" Where you find that an Ameucan ve^el is manifestly
engaged in carrying on an expedition or enterprise fioin the
teiiUoncs Or jiirwltetion ol the Hinted States against the
territories of Mexico, Nicaragua, ot Costa Rica, contrary to
the sixth Miction of the act ot Confess ol April ^0, 1^18,
already referred to. you will use the ioiee utidei jtmi com-
mand to pievcnt u, and will not pcimit the men or aim**
©ngasod in it. or destined tor it, to he landed m any pau of
Me.vifo ot Central America.
"En route tor Clnrnpti jou will touch at Mobile and New
Orleans and cornmunh ate wuli the United States, dislact
attorney at cach of tiio^c ports."
The Secretary of the Navy, in a previous letter
of the 3d of October, had directed Lieutenant
Almy to " await further orders at Chmqui, and to
report by letter, on his arrival there, to Flag-OlH-
cer Paulding, as forming a part of the squadron
under his command."
On the 16th of December, 1857, the Secretary
of the Navy sent the same letter of instructions,
with some other dueciftms, to Commodore Pauld-
ing himself, which, although dated ton days after
Walker's camp at Punta Are mis had been broken
up, shows the view taken by the Administration,
as to the extent of their authoiity in preventing
the dairying on of these expeditions; and which,
1 insist, coveis the action of Commodore Pauld-
ing, and should shield him from the imputation
of having ''exceeded his instructions," when
fairly interpreted according to then leal spint and
scope. I beg leave to lead the whole letter, foi
this and for some other purposes:
Navy Drvmiimi ni, J)crnnhcr ]B, I£."j7.
Sin : Your di>p.uche>, (No* i;U. 1J5. KJi. L.W, and iLW.)
not herctoiun* aeknou iedj;"d, Ii;>ve be n i eeeiv ed.
The Depai iiiienl enjoins upon >011 p:u nenl.u \ imlauee m
cnuyitv.,'ont tin in-tiueuon^ hoxMoloje piv<'n >ou in rela-
tion to imlawtul expedition^. In dmn« ho yon will ho --are
fill not to lnteiieic with lawful commerce. But wheie^oti
find th.u an Amonean \ <:>— ;•! \> nj.unte-tlv engasred m catry-
ing on an expedition ot enierptKC liom the teuitoue^ or
jurisdiction ol the (anted Elates atj.un-t tlu: temione^ o(
Mexico, \icatayii.t, ot Co>u Siiea, eonti.iry to the ^i\th sec-
tion ot' tin; <i't of Connie * of April •>(), 1:<1S, .ihejdy 10
ferred to, you will oau^u the fon-e under ji.ui command to
picvcnt it, and will not peuuit the men or atm* «'ii<j;.wd m
it, or de-tmed tor it, to be landed 111 any putt <<f Mexico or
Ccntial Ametiea.
The three fjoun- which it is mo-t important to guard are,
Aspmwall, Clen-pn. and San Juan del Noire, and with
thU view voa will di-po'-e of the !or'>e< under your com-
mand 10 the tte<? advantage, The i'le-uient dnect^ tne to
infoaii j on that )r> con-id* is iudl nnpoiraut tiiat you should
not leave the rie^hmuhood ot t'ic,e poiins until luifher in-
struction? hy !'<«' !)ep u rmeiu, which you are heteby ordeu-d
not to do under any en'-uni ninee-.
Should the ourabKM ur.t have left More you rec-ive tin--,
you will ? u-pi'i,d Commander Chat i*d 0<>m hi!- command
and oider hun m retain 10 fL'mied StaLe^. to await the
furchei action of the l>.j|ur:menf. V011 wit tle-u nlico
.Lieutenant Ueoi^e T. Smi'iaii m eor.nuand 01 the .\i
with <hieetnm.i to cai<y out t  >• m-UH'Mion* to Coalman.'«cr
OlKUatd of the, IGth ultimo. to pioceod to N^irolk.
The Jauv^town. Commander Kennedy, will leave Phila-
delphia eatly next week tojmn you at San Juan.
I am, re«pectiully, your obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Flag-Officer IT. Paulding, Commanding United States
Home Squadron, Sun Juan del Norte.
On the 2*2d of December the same instructions
were sent to Commander Kennedy, of the James-
town, at Philadelphia, at which time he was or-
dered to proceed to the port of San Juan, and form
apart of Paulding's squadron.
Such, Mr. President, were the orders and in-
structions under which Commodore"Paulding act-
ed. These were his commission and his warrant
for arresting Walker and his command, and for
preventing the carrying on of the expedition. He
thought—and he certainly had no right to act
upon"any other supposition—that the Adminis-
tration were in dead earnest in this matter; that
these instructions were given and these steps
taken, on the part of the executive government,
m good faith, and with a sincorq desire and ail
earnest determination to enforce our neutrality
laws, and to arrest this unlawful expedition. Did
the44 grave error" consist in acting upon this
supposition ? He was advised of the unlawful
character of the expedition. He was advised that
it had left our coast, in spite of all efforts to pre-
vent it. He was advised that it was about to
land upon the coast of Nicaragua, as, in fact, it
did land there from the bay of San Juan. The
very act of preventing Walker from landing, ac-
cording1 to his instructions, must of course have
been done in that hay; and, of necessity, within
theexclusive territorial jurisdiction of Nicaragua.
He wan ordered to prevent the landing of the expe-
dition, and of course to prevent it at the point
where the landing should be attempted to be
made; and this point must necessarily be within
the jurisdiction of the foreign Government. His
instructions, therefore, directed and authorized
him to arrest the expedition, within the limits of
a foreign "jurisdiction; provided, of course, it was
not arrested before reaching those limits.
Had the frigate Wabash, in command of Com-
modore Paulding, been lying near the point where
the landing was effected, as the Saratoga, under
Commander Chatard, was; and had he there pre-
vented the Fashion, with Walker and his men,
from landing, the art would have been done in
strict conformity with the veiy letter of his in-
structions; and yet it would have been done within
the limits of the exclusive territorial jurisdiction
of Nicaragua, precisely as much so as was his
act m arresting them on her soil after they had
made the landing; and it would have been just as
much an aggression upon the territorial rights of
Nicaragua m the one case as in the other. The
"grave error" charged upon Commodore Pauld-
ing does not, i suppose, consist in "exceeding
his instructions" 111 arresting Walker at all, and
preventing Ins carrying on the expedition; for it
was especially enjoined upon him so to do. At any
rate this is not made the pretext for the chaigo.
It cannot consist in " exceeding his instructions"
m seizing Walker and his command within the
limits of the jurisdiction of Nicaragua, for he was
directed to seize him within her juusdiction, when
he was specially instructed to prevent his landing
upon hei teintory. The $1 grave error," then,
in " exceed mg his msti action:?,"can only consist
in the fact uf his having arrested Walker on the
land close by the side of tin- water, instead of
having arrested him on the water close by the side
of the land ! A very : mail, homeopathic, if not
imperceptible point <-[ distinction.
It is to be obsersed, Mr. President, that all
these instructions wore of a very general, not to
say of a very vagu<- and indefinite charactcr. I
am aware that, from the nature and necessity of
the e ,se, much was to be left to the exercise of
the discretion and judgment of the ollicer 111 com-
mand. He musr be governed, 111 a gteater or less
degree, by the controlling cncum&tanoes of the
occasion. But, aft< r all, these instructions might
have been, and ought to have n-'cn, much more
definite and expUvit th m they were. The circular
from the State Department, in genera! terms, di-
rected bim to u-ie the legitimate m-'ans at his com-
mand to enforce the provisions of the sixth section
of tin' act of the ii of April, hgamst those
who may be fouad en^-vged in military expedi-
tions against ZsL xico, Costa Rica, or Nicaragua
Rather a wale \ uagiti this leaves to the exercise
of the dise.ietio i of an o'd ,sea captain, besides
making a pretty l.uge draft upon ins piesumed
knowledge of your statutory enactments, and of
the legal rules of construction as well as of the
principles of international and constitutional law !
How was he'to ascertain what were the provis-
i ions of the sixth section of the act of the 20th of
April, 1818 > And if he had that act before him,
would you hold him to a rigid responsibility for
a true construction of its provisions, when you
yourselves cannot agree upon what is their true
construction ? -Vnd how,again, was he to ascer-
tain what vessels, or whatpersons, were engaged
in unlawful expeditions against either of these
Governments before they had landed, and until
they had made some open demonstration of their
purpose ?
The instructions are all silent upon these ma-
terial points. This very order from the State
Department—and so of'the instructions from the
Secretary of the Navy—I venture to say, would
divide the opinions of the best lawyers in the
country, in respect to its legal interpretation; in
respect to the precise duties and authority it im-
posed; in respect to the proper extent c\nd limita-
tion of the powers it confened, and the duties it
enjoined; and where and in what manner those
duties were to be discharged, and that authority
exercised. But, for the sake of the argument,
without conceding the fact, suppose he has mis-
taken the legal interpretation of this order, and
the exact extent of the authority it conferred
upon him,, shall the old sailor, whose life has
been "upon the ocean wave," be charged with a
"grave error m exceeding his instructions," if,
in the ex parte and not altogether impartial judg-
ment of tHose who ftamcd and issued the order,
he may have misapprehended its precise import,
in some particular point? In short, will you hold
him responsible for his interpretation of an equiv-
ocal order, upon the legal effect of which, in re-
spect to the extent or limitation of the power and
duties it imposed, your own opinions are divided ?
I do not think it would be either magnanimous or
just. Let the principal, and not the agent; let the
supetior, and not the subordinate; be held an-
swerable for any " grave erroi " which may be
charged in " exceeding instructions " which, to
say the least, aie of doubtful and equivocal im-
port.
But, passing by all questions of construction
and of verbal criticism upon this order from the
State Department, I will remark that the instruc-
tions issued from the Navy Department, after
Walker had departed with his command from our
shores, are somewhat more explicit, perhaps,
upon a single point. These instructions direct
him, "when he finds nn Ameucan vessel mani-
festly engaged in carrying on an expedition from
the United States against the territory of Nicara-
gua, or of Mexico, or Costa Rica, contrary to the
sixth section of the act of Congress of April 20,
1818, to cause the force under his command to
prevent it, and not permit the men or arms en-
gaged in it to be landtd in any part of Centra1 Amer-
iea." These instructions were given in answer
to a call from Lieutenant Almy, upon the Secre-
tary of the Navy, for more definite and specific
Distinctions m reference to the action and the
duties of the naval ufhceis to whom they were
dueeted, than were to be found in the genera! let-
tei or circular from the Department ot State.
Dut, notwithstanding this call for moie definite
and specific, instructions, they aie still about as
1 general, vague, and indelhute as before, and still
: leave much to the discretion of the commanding
: officer, and still leave him exposed to reproof for
; doing too much or too little, let him do or leave
i undone what he may. And now, when we find
| that Commander Chatard, being in position with
i the Saratoga where lie might have prevented
i Y/alker and his forccs from landing, but did not
1 do &o, foi reasons whieh he ' imself explains 111
! his letter of the 27ih of November, 185X to Com-
| modore Paulding; when we find Chatord sus-
1 pended and ordered home for not acting up io his
ias'ri'ehons, m that he permitted WalKer and his
men to land on the Point Arenas; and when we
[find that Paulding is charged with a "gutve
error," in that he vent beyond hh instructions in
arresting Walker and his command after lie had
! landed, and both of them at the time being equally
i withm the tenitorial jurisdiction of Nieaiagua;
piay tell me, ye sticklers for strict confoumty to
' tlie very letter of instructions—instinctions, too,
I so general and vague and indefinite that you
yourselves cannot agree upon their precise 1m-
. port—where is the exact line of demarcation!
| Tell me who can, in the face of these instructions,
1 and in the face of these censures upon Chatard
