1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Depredations—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
in error; first, because it is not the nature of cap-
ital to pay more than it is compelled; and, sec-
ondly, because, although his profits would be
greater upon what he sold, yet he would sell so
much less that there would be no inducement to
increase wages, as competition would keep it
down.
But again: suppose the price of labor in that
branch of industry should be increased: would it
result to the benefit of the laborer? I think not.
The laborer must consume, and is interested in
cheap consumption; and if you increase the price
of consumption one third, and labor one third, it
would be the same in its results, as if both re-
mained at the lower rates.
I think, Mr. Chairman, I have shown that the
common day-laborer at the North is not bene-
fited; if not, I shall certainly show that the land-
owner from one end of this continent to the other
is deeply injured. Now, buying and selling is
but an exchange of commodities, and no one
is able to continue long to buy who creates
nothing. Now, when you increase the cost of
consumption, you either diminish the amount
used, or require a much larger amount in ex-
change for it. This diminishes the value of the
articles given in exchange; and of course dimin-
ishes the profits ofLbor, and of course the price
of labor. This diminution must extend to the
landlord, who consumes fabric and create? raw
material. 1 confess, if the laborer worked for
himself, and owned the fabric when made, the
duty imposed would then enhance the profits of
his labor; but that is not the effect when the capi-
talist is the owner of the fabric. 1 confess, also,
that if the farmer who owns and works his own
land could impose a duty of twrnty-frw per cent,
upon the raw material, his profits, too, would be
increased ; but this he cannot do, and consequently
he is oppressed by the operation of the rule.
To be a little more specific: take the States of
Massachusetts and Mississippi. The one man-
ufactures, the other cultivates the soil. The one
creates fabric, the other raw material. The farmer
of Mississippi needsforconsumption such fabrics
as Massachusetts produces: but he can obtain the
same article from the English manufacturer. The
Englishman proposes to sell a given quantity of his
fabric to the Mississippi farmer for $100, and will
take the farmer's agricultural products in exchange
at a given price. The Massac hi1 setts mnnufact uier
cannot afford to take less than ^150 for the same ;
amount of the same fabric, and is only willing to !
allow the same price for the farmer's products, j
The Government interposes in favor of the Mas- j
saehusetts \endor, and against the farmer; re- i
quires the English vendor to pay fitly per cent. :
duty before he is allowed to oiler hisaiticle. This :
compels him to increase the puce of his article |
fifty per cent., and the farmer to take it at that
price. It is a lax on the farmei of fifty per cent.; '
and transfers from Mississippi to Massachusetts j
one third of the labor of the farmer without con- i
sideration, by increasing the consumable value of i
the article purchased. j
Thus, it will be seen that no class of laborers ;
is benefited. Then, who is? 1 repeat again,
capital. And this, sir, brings me back to the !
proposition asserted by me, m my opening re-
maiks,that there was no conflict between the two
systems of labor. The v ere dependent unon ouch i
other, and mutually contribute to produce the j
greatest national prosperity. Antagonism can
only exist where the labor is the same, and then j
only because of a superabundance, if there were 1
more capital and labor engaged in the production i
of iron than the consumption demanded, there I
would then be antagonism. So in the manu-
facture of cotton goods. But between free and
slave labor no such antagonism can exist. It is
differently employed. The highest prosperity of
the one bos its dependence upon the other. Slave
labor, everywhere, is confined to the cultivation
of the soil, and limited to the production of cot-
ton, rice, sugar, tobacco, hemp, and breadstuff's;
and thpsc are the very articles upon which free
labor depends for success. Wh;U would your
cotton factories do without slave labor r The his-
tory of the world shows thai cot'on has never hi en
successfully raised whtie slave labor did not
exist. And what would they do without nn^ar,
breadstuff?, dcc.r Slave labor is peculiarly suited
to agriculture, and especially in tropical climates;
| while commerce, navigation, and the mechanic
; arts, require a higher degree of intelligence, pos-
sessed only by the white man.
Prom the triumphs and perfection of agriculture
; these latter pursuits derive their success, and lot
I it be impaired or destroyed, and they will sink
i into rum and decay. The true interest of each
I system of labor demands that the disproportion
i between them should not be too great, and espe-
! dally in favor of free labor, since that, deriving
! its prosperity from slave labor, will become ag-
' gressivc, as it has been from the foundation of
s the Government. A commerce is carried on be-
' twecn them by an exchange of commodities, thus
enabling the votaries of each to obtain the neces-
j sarios as well as the luxuries of life. Thus it will
be seen that the two systems are dependent, and
not, antagonistical. The argument has its exist-
ence in an ingenious device originating with cap-
■ Hal, which is waging an eternal war upon labor,
. in every form and in every clime; intruding its
1 hideous avarice into all the pursuits of men,
robbing them of the piofits of their labor.
The antagonism is between capital and labor,
I both fiee and slave; between which it would in-
| ducc a conflict to advance its profits. Its constant
, cry is cheap labor and dear consumption. Itkeeps
; labor at the lowest possible ebb, while it demands
! the highest rates for all it sells. Thus it has been
| in all ages of tin; world. When, since society
; existed in a distinct form, have we not had com-
, lunations of capita!, with a view to concentrating
, a controlling colossal power to be used in making
the rich richer and the poor poorer? When, in 1
1 years of scat city, has it notbeen usul to purchase :
the entire provisions of the country, and then de-
j mand prices so exorbitant as to put it beyond the !
^ means of the laborer, leaving him and his family !
' to sulfer with hunger > Who now arc the cham-
; pions of this struggle: It is those engaged m the 1
service of capitalists. Who originated capitalists ?
Men engaged in class pursuits, and who now de-
mand, and have been demanding for so many
years past, protection for their capital against ;
; labor. Protection which will enable them to rob !
' labor; and when they had failed to effect this by j
1 argument, when they discovered there was mtei- j
ligenco in this country to detect the error m their J
! argument, and that our people refused to be j
misled by them, they changed their tactics, and 1
assailed the prejudices of the human heart, by '
presenting, in an aggravated nnd false form, the ;
condition of the sla\e,and appealed in favor of;
his right to be free and equal with the white !
man. j
Thus the fanaticism of the whole North was 1
awakened into action, and w\v n they discovered ,
tins Government shakened to its foundation, and ;
the Union in danger, they have ingeniously di- j
verted the direction of the storm, and now say .
they are not for emancipation; but announce an j
antagonism m the two systems. It is due to truth ]
and candor that they shall make known their real i
object. If it is true there is antagonism, they i
do intend emancipation; because that is the only !
mode of terminating it. If it is Uue that they are j
notfor emancipation, then itis an admission there 1
is no antagonism ; and, if no antagonism, the ob- j
j•'ct of this stoim, winch they are getting up, is j
to enable capital so to uee the Government as to j
enslave the white as well as the blackmail. And i
now. 1 ask, will the laboiers of the North lend
ihtmS' Ives to this foul fraud, and ripen into suc-
cess this despicable conspiracy against their in- :
teres*? } ask the peopl< South if they would not
prefer to see this Union dissevered than endure '
the operation of a system which is to trans.fi r,as
I have shown, the one fourth of the net proceeds
of their labor to northern capitalists annually. j
I repeat, Mr. Chairman, this is a contest he- .
tween caj mdar.d labor—a con test of power against
weakness; a contest in which the pride of the
freemen of this country is to be humbled and their
spirits broken, until they will consent to any deg-
radation, even serfdom; and from tins, Mr. Chair-
man, if our people desire to escape, they must j
stand by the Democratic organization, and thereby j
perpetuate the great doctune of limitation on the J
powcis of the Federal Government, emd tho8bso« ;
lute right of the States to legislate alone upon j
subjects which concern their domestic and civil
rights—doctrincs which leave the people of each
State with the full and undivided right to pass for
themselves laws suited to their climate, soil, and
industrial pursuits.
The perpetuation of the nationality of that
party with its principles, leaves every branch of
industry free to pursue its own course of policy,
and#compels it to stand upon its own inherent
merits. In its long and brilliant course of tri-
umphs on this continent, it has given no cause of
complaint to our people; its career has been un-
felt, oppressively. It has discouraged sectionalism
and discountenanced class legislation. Against
it all class interest have combined and wage war
ofextermination; not because the party had done
too much; not because the party had used the
power of the Government to advance one inter-
est at the sacrifice of another: but because it had
refused to do this—not because it had used the
power of the Government to interfere with the
domestic interest of the people of the different
States, but because it had refused to do it; not
because it granted monopolies and gave bounties,
but because it had declared that these powers
did not belong to the Government; not because
it had not vindicated the honor and glory of the
nation, when assailed, but because sensitive to
national honor it had resented national wrongs;
not because it had not used all honorable means to
extend our dominion and propagate our free insti-
I tutions, but because this it had done; not because
;] it had used the power of the Government to pre-
vent the full development of the various sources
' of wealth and the various branches of industry
| of our country—our whole country, this it had
done, and we see it in the facts that to-day our
people are the happiest on earth, the freest on
j earth, and prosperous beyond all parallel in the
I past or present history of the world. Nowhere
i else is wealth so generally diffused amongst all
classes, and industry so unrestrained and unre-
;j stricted as here. And now, at this point of ex-
: altcd prosperity, capital has excited this storm
, which appals the heart of our people for the fu-
ll ture of our country; and amidst the conflicting
| elements our only hope to arrest the storm and
i save the country from ruin and anarchy is the
j Democratic organization. Let it go down, and
; disorder and carnage and anarchy and despotism
| must result. The free-labor system having ob-
i tained possession of the Government, will bring
j all its powers to their aid; and that which is now
! denominated a struggle becomes a conflict which
i must be settled by the sword, unless the slave-
| labor system consents ignobly to yield to thedom-
i inant party. Will they do it, Mr. Chairman ? Do
! you believe they will ? Does any man here to-day
, believe they wilP I tell you, no! Look you at
, the breathless quiet which rests upon the whole
i slave region. Do you apprehend it? It is the
I stern resolve of millions of freemen who know
! their rights and have resolved to maintain them,
1 who wait for the result of the conflict now being
1 waged in the free States between the constitution-
, al Democracy and those who would trample the
: Constitution down in a course of usurpation.
! They await the issue with the most intense inter-
| est, but dauntless of the result. This struggle
j must be endfd and sectional strife terminated. As
. long as the Democratic party is continued in the
; ascendant, it will be kept in check, and when that
1 party shall fall, the sword must and will do its
, work. Let justicc direct our councils, and amidst
! the crumbhngs of European thrones we will re-
1 main a unit and a pride—happy and free.
indian depredations.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 21, 1859.
[WRITTEN OFT BY HIMSELF."j
The House bemc in the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar, and having undrr cuiwdf'ratiou the bill
for the itliel of citizens-r>i'the fcsUtc ul Alabama—
Mr. GIDDINGS said:
Mr. Chairman: The facts involved in this case,
diverted of till extraneous matters, are few arid
* For the r.ijjnnai report, see Cong, Globe, poge 523.
