70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Ijidictn Depredations—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
simple in their character. In 1836, a difficulty-
arose with the Creek Indians residing in the State
of Alabama. Acts of hostility were committed
by a portion of the tribe. They burned buildings
and devastated plantations. The President or-
dered an army there; some of the friendly Indians
■were received into the public service; cattle were
taken for beef, and other provisions were seized
by order of the commanding officer, amounting
in all to the sum of $25,000. This portion of the
claim, coming within the equity of the law of
1816, was paid by Government.
Aside from this taking of provisions by lawful
authority, Indians and soldiers are said to have
taken provisions without orders, and the hostile
Indians are said to have destroyed a large amount
of property belonging to the settlers. A commis-
sion was appointed to take testimony and report
facts. Thy commissioners repaired to Alabama;
made a list of all claims presented, amounting to
more than twelve hundred thousand dollars, of
which they adjudged that some three hundred and
sixty thousand had been proved to have been de-
stroyed, or taken without authority. These facts
were reported, and mav be found in Executive
Documents of 1837. The claims for property de-
stroyed were referred to the proper committee,
who made a report against them, {vide reports of
1837-38;) and they have slept quietly some twenty
yeais, until the Committee on Indian Affairs re-
cently repotted a bill authorizing tho Secretary of
the Treasury to adjust and settle them.
Sir, 1 had proposed no more to address the
House on the subject of private claims; but the
principles involved in the hill before us are so im-
portant, tmd its passage has been urged with so
much ability anil zeal and influence, that I feel
called on to examine its merits. 1 also feel some
degree of interest m vindicating the report of my
predecessor, Hon. Eh*ha. Whittlesey, who, us
already stated, while chairman of the Committee
of Claims, made a full and thorough investigation
of these demands, in 1837, and drew up an able,
full, and explicit report against them. This re-
port being unanimously agreed to by the com-
mittee, was presented to the House, and for many
years was supposed to have settled this whole
matter. 1 feel called on to say, that, from 1794,
that committee had received fi om this body nearly
all claims Hgtunsl Government that were not al-
lowed by the Department under existing laws.
They early adopted definite and well-esiabliahed
rules of decision; and no court of equity in our
country was more strict in adhering to established
laws than was the Committee of Claims in their
adherence to established precedents. They are yet
the only committee of this House that keopa a
journal of its proceedings, and a record of its de-
cisions.
During the early period of our Government,
there were many claims for property destroyed
during the Revolution. y<nnr had been destroyed
by our own troops, and much by the enemy.
Ours was a Government novel in its character,
based upon different principles from those on
which the monarchies of the Old World had been
founded. Other Governments, in all past time,
had held that, m a state of war, every individual
of one nation was at war with ev< ry individual
of the conflicting Power; that each was bound to
piotect, not merely his own juopeity, but the
propei ty of the nation. Indeed, they held that
each individual, if necessary, was bound to sur-
render his life as well as property to the defense
of his country. And our ancestors were called on
to adopt or discard this ancient doctrine. Upon
examination, it was seen clearly that no rule, no
action of Government, could possibly equalize,
among the individuals of our nation, the losses
occasioned by war. The loss of life could not be
compensated, nor could tho lo.ss of pioperty be
tquitobly UifMiibuted.
The view* of Mr. Hamilton did uiueh towards
settling this question. As Secretary of the Treas-
ury, he was officially called to express ins opin-
ions, and the resource# of Ins vast intellect were
brought into rrquisiuon: but he found it impos-
sible to Jevise a nr.\v sy^em th.it should operate
beitei than the custom of European nation.;.
But those who had suffered much duiing the
war were cu.xious to obtain indemnity. Commis-
sion* io v.uiv appjuitod :o investigate and report
the losses in different States. Mr. Hamilton ad-
vised that the question of indemnity for property
destroyed be left with the several States to decide
for themselves. And my present impression is,
that in no case after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion was indemnity granted for property destroyed
by the enemy, or by our own troops; while, I be-
lieve, all claims for property taken for public use
was paid for. In other words, they applied that
paragraph of the Constitution which stipulates
that private property shall not be taken for pub-
lic use without compensation, to the claims which
arose during the Revolution and before the Con-
stitution was adopted. But destruction of prop-
erty in no case was regarded as a taking for pub-
lic use. Thus, when General Sullivan, command-
ing one wing of the American army at Boston,
attempted to dislodge the British troops from a.
part of the city, he found he could only do so by
destroying certain dwelling-houses of which the
British were in possession; he ordered the build-
ings set on fire, and they were burned. One of
the owners, Mr. Frothingham, presented his
claim for indemnity. Mr. Hamilton, after mature
consideration, declared the loss to have been sus-
tained by the casualties of loar, and that it was not
a taking of private property for public use. I re-
fer gentlemen to American State Papers, volume
entitled " Claims," where they will find the de-
cision alluded to; indeed, they will find all the
doctrines involved m losses of property during
war; and I commend to the younger members an
examination of that volume, in order to qualify
themselves to sit in judgment upon this class of
claims. The case of Frothinghain constituted
one of the class which had been left to the States.
1 desire paiticular attention to the historical
fact, that, of all our States, Connecticut alone at-
tempted to indemnify its citizens for property
destroyed. Even Connecticut did not adopt this
as a general principle. She indemnified the citi-
zens uf New London and Danbury and other
towns, for the losses which they sustained by con-
flagrations kindled by the enemy; but she went
no further. And to them she paid no money,
but gave a half million acres of her western lands.
These were called " lire lands," and are within
the present counties of Huron and Erie, of our
State, and represented at this time by our honor-
able chairman, [Mr. Sherman.]
I may be permitted to say that, if the State of
Alabama chooses to equalize the loss of her suf-
ferers, as Connecticut did, she has the same un-
doubted right and power to do so; but it would
be unjust to pay them by taxing the descendants
of those patriots who, during our Revolution,
lost their entire fortunes. If would be rank in-
justice to tax the children who, in Boston, were
rendered houseless and homeless by order of
General Sullivan, to pay losses sustained by In-
dian depredations m Alabama. IN or is it right
to speak of Government as separated from the
people, or as having funds other than those drawn
from the pockets of the people; and when we
thiust our hands into the pockets of our constit-
uents, and take from them money to be placed in
the hands of men in Alabama, we should have
plain and satisfactory reasons for it.
But shall I speak of the suffering from Indian
depredations during the Revolution? Why, sir,
the history of Tryon county, in the State of New
York, would present claims at this time amount-
ing to many millions of dollars, that are infinitely
sti onger than those now before us. Whose blood
does not curdle as he reads the massacre and de-
struction at Wyoming, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, and throughout Kentucky? Those people
suffered more, lost more property, and that, n-o,
under a thousand times more aggravating and dis-
tressing circumstances, than tho>>e of Alabama;
and to me it would bespeak gieat injustice to tax
their descendants to pay the claims now before
us.
During the war of 1312, claims of almost every
conceivable character arose; and in 1816 Congress
passed a general law for their adjustment,entirely
changing the practice which prevailed after the
Revolution. The lav/ was recommended by the
I\eRident; was carefully considered, and fuUy
discussed.
The lii si. iyv,tion piovidodfoi indemnifying the
j owner for ciny hur&e 1 -s: j , battle, or by reason
of the failure ofthe United States to furnish forage
for such horse while in the public service.
The second section provided indemnity where
the owner, while in service, had been separated
from his horse by order of the commanding offi-
cer, and thereby lost such horse.
The third section provided indemnity where
property, which had been impressed, was de-
stroyed by the enemy, or damaged while in the
public service.
The fourth section provided indemnity where
the arms of a soldier or officer had been captured.
The fifth section provided indemnity where
property or provisions had been impressed for the
use of the troops, and such property had been
lost or destroyed while in the public service.
Now, sir, according to my recollection, no com-
pensation in any of these cases, except that of
provisions taken for support of the troops, or
other property literally taken for the public use,
had been allowed during or subsequent to the
Revolution; and this law was amendatory of the
previous practice, and, by the words of the law,
limited to cases which had arisen during the war
of 1812.
By the twelfth section the President was au-
thorized to appoint a commissioner for the ad-
justment of all claims provided for by this law.
The commissioner was directed by the act to
frame rules for his decision, which were to be
approved by the President and published to the
country.
The President made the appointment; the com-
missioner framed his rules of decision; they were
submitted to President Monroe, and, being con-
sidered in Cabinet council, were approved and
published. They becamc the rules of decision,
were strictly adhered to, and were in fact, apart of
the law itself. Claims embraced in the fifth sec-
tion included those of the character now before
us, and were styled the " fifth class."
I will now ask my friend from New York [Mr.
Pottle] to read tho rules of construction under
this fifth section of the law.
Mr. POTTLE read as follows:
(k'Whcn anypiopeity ha*, been unpledged or taken by
public authouty tor tho use or subsistence of the Anny
timing the late war, and tho same ahull have been d''-tioyed,
lost or consumed, the owner of such propeity shall be paid
the value thereof, deducting therefiom the amount which
has been paid, or may be dunned, for the u^>e and n=k uf
the same while in the seiviee atoiesaid '
" Tins provision i elates to every species of property taken
or impressed for the use and subsistence of the Army, not
comprehended m any of the preceding classes, and which
shall have been ni any maimer destroyed, lost, or con-nmed
by the Auny, including in its scope all kinds of provisions,
lorage, fuel, articles for clothing, blankets, arms, and am-
munition ; m fact, eveiythmg for the use and equipment of
an aimy.
"In all these cases, the certificates of the officers or asents
of the United States taking <>i impressing any of the afote-
said articles, authenticated by the officer commanding the
coips for whoso use they were taken oi impressed, and, fur-
thermore, of the officer and agents undei whose command
the same were de^tioyed, lost, oi consumed, -specifying th<i
value ofthe articles so taken oi unpiessed, and de&noved,
lost, or consumed, and, it any payment ha* been made for
the use of the same, and the amount of Mich payment, [imiit
be furnished;] and if no payment has been made, the cer-
tificate must state tint none has been made.
" 'Before any other evidence will be ieceived,the claim-
ant must make oath that it is not m hid power to procuie
that which is above specified; and, further, that the evi-
dence which he offers in lieu thereof is the best which he
is able to obtain.'
" Under this provision, no claim can be admitted for any
article which has not been taken by the orders of the com-
mandant of the. coips for whose use it may be stated to have
been taken. For any taking not ?o authorized, the party's
redress is against the person commuting it.-''
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will here say that, in 1817,
this law was extended so as to apply to losses
sustained by Indian depredations; and although
the law was limited m its duration, and became
obsolete after five years by such limitation, this
body, through the Committee of Claims, and
through i's other committees, adopted the equity
of that law under their rules of construction for
decidingallclaims arising by Indian depredations,
or for those sustained iu civilized warfare. For
more than thirty years, greot efforts have been
made to change the rules so as to grant indemnity
for property lost on the waters of the Chesapeake
during the year 1814. And since 1836, unceas-
ing attempts have been made so to change those
rules as to grant indemnity for property destroyed
in the Florida war; and 1 am sorry to say that in
some few instances committees, from inexperi-
