692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
selves under the subterfuge or pretext that it was
done without orders, and by "exceeding instruc-
tions; "that, although orders had been issued to ar-
rest this expedition, yet that they had not author-
ized its being done just at the place or just in the
manner it had been done; and that in doing it as
it'had been done, " a grave error" had been com-
mitted.
But it can hardly escape observation and crit-
icism, and is well calculated to afford some color
or ground for suspicion of their sincerity, and
some color or ground for the impression which
Lieutenant Almy informed the Secretary of the
Navy prevailed in the southern portion of the
country, that " the Cabinet at Washington rather
winked at the fitting out and departure of these
expeditions, than to be seriously disposed to pre-
vent them," when we see that so much stress and
emphasis is placed upon the charge that Commo-
dore Paulding, in arresting the criminal and so.
preventing the consummation of a flagrant crime
on the soil of a foreign Government, although
with the assent and for the benefit of that Govern-
ment, " exceeded his instructions," and was therein
guilty of a " grave error And it is a little re-
markable, too, and is well calculated to give some
color or ground for the impression which is said
to have prevailed in the southern portion of the
country, that when the grand culprit and fugitive,
for whose arrest orders had been sent fofth from
the Executive Departments, and for whose appre-
hension the naval power of the Government had
been called into requisition, has actually been taken
and brought into the presence of the Cabinet here
at Washington, he is kindly and courteously re-
ceived, and very graciously told that " they have
nothing to do with him !" and, instead of being
turned over to the judicial tribunals to be dealt
with according to law and his own deserts, he is
discharged from the custody of the marshal and
set at large, instead of being turned over for
trial, conviction, and the penitentiary, as a fili-
buster, and a notorious offender against the laws
of his country, he is feasted and caressed, and
lionized as a hero of the first water, and stalks
forth and vauntingly proclaims his determination
to renew the prosecution of these enterprises, in
defiance of the laws and the authority of the Gov-
ernment; and with ostentatious insolence flaunts
his flagitious purposes in the teeth of the Admin-
istration—ay, sir, m the very face of your Pres-
ident; and is suffered to go whithersoever he may,
unwhipped of justieo and unrebuked. I say, sir,
that these things excitc observation and criticism,
and are well calculated to strengthen the impul-
sion, upon uncharitable minds, that the Admin-
istration were not altogether n> earnest in their
professed desire and seeming efforts to put down
these fillihuKtrring enterpiises.
In this connection, 1 will re.id the letter of
Licutcmmt AJmy to the Secretary of the Navy,
of the 29ih of October, 1857, as tending to throw
some light upon this subject:
UNIT™ Srvrr* STI* AMI:R FTI.TON,
Ni w i)i{Lr,.v>s, Otlohcr JJ,
Sir: In my Ia«t eonmimife.Uion to \<>n, on The
evening ot the OGlh lnMant. below Mobile, 1 announced tin;
arrival o( tins \cs-eim nine days fiom the <Jupe-t>i Vu-
pim< ; and that, in compliance with your m-tinotion-s. I w.t-
nbont to proceed up to the city to confci with the United
Slates district attorney, A. .1. Hequiet, K-q.
'J'lns i did, having two quite k ujitiiv and sepal ate inter
view-; vviih linn Alter the iir-t mteiview, lie called upon
the collector and othei office is connected wait the eiMom-
hou-e, \v!t'i whom. pievion-ly, lie had been in constant
comiiiiJim ation ; and he Mated to me that beyond float ma
rumor thote was nothing t:tnsiHe-~-notlnn-j which would
wan'ini or authorize Government otheer?- to act, or to corn-
meiicc a ptosecnuon inn <muI io the fit tins: out of" unlaw-
ful mihtatv expeditions against tfintoiu •; wuh whom the
Uni'ed ^ta!i:? r.w at peace " nut btili. lie said that he
could not but help expre^xnir the option that public sen-
timent in .Mobile wan in favoi of those expf-dition* to Cen-
tral \mei .ca ; that it tvus a Irequent theme of conversation
on -'eh.u.ge. ut the sticcts. and at the hotel.-.; ami Anther,
that then; -cemed to he an idea prev.i ling in this pan oi the
eouniiy Mat the Cabinet ui \Va.-hni2ton rather winked at
the fitting oat and departuie <>f the-e expeditions. than to
he J-.; noib.ly di-po-ed to pievent tin in; but that he, and
oiher Oovenuucnt oifiooi^, had endc.uoied to '-oncel pub
he opinio}', upon that point. iking ju.-t Irom Washington,
I Mated that I knew that the Government was utterly op-
posed to am raen expeditions, and had most deemed! v set
it^ mce naamt-t them.
'i'ne 7io?i recognition of the now inmHer from Nicaragua
h.v- ^ ven a feeling of encouragement to these people, as
th<- \ new ii that the United States do riot look upon and
acini.nv ledge Nicaragua as an independent republic. They
fpeak ot this as m the ln^hes-t degiee encouraging to pros-
pective operation?, as there &eem- to have been no explan-
ation \n the public prints why thia rninmet was not le-
ceived.
Another point whieh they make and lay great stress upon i
is, as they allege, that General Cass, upon one occasion, :
most explicitly said that "American citizens when they i
emigrate have a right, at all times, to take their arms with ;
them."
Although the feeling is generally rue here in regard to |
this matter, as it has been for a fewyears past, yet it seems !
to be considered that these contemplated expeditions are I
not only embarrassed butciippled tor the want of lauds, .
owing to the financial pieb&ure existing throughout the s
country. , |
1 have just arrived at the anchorage here, and am about !
to proceed to the city to communicate with the United ■
States district attorney in regard to these matters, and will
inform the Department of the result of my visit to this place.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN J. ALMY, U. S. N.,
Lieutenant Commanding.
Hon. Isaac Toccey, Secretary of tfie Navy.
Mr. President, the territory of Nicaragua was i
no more unlawfully or wrongfully invaded by
Commodore Paulding in this instance, than is the 1
territory ofany foreign Government whenever any ■'
citizen of ours sets his foot upon her soil. The
assent and permission of the sovereignty, when
the entry upon her dominion is manifestly with 1
no wrongful or hostile intent, are to be presumed
upon the common principles of national comity, 1
and upon the common courtesies and customs of
international hospitality. How much stronger is ,
the presumption of assent and permission, when 1
the entry is manifestly and avowedly for thepur- '
pose of rescuing a feeble nation from the depre- 1
dations of a lawless bandit of marauders who
have escaped the vigilance of their own Govern-
ment, and for whoso arrest that Government is m >
fresh pursuit? If then no neutral rights of Nic-
aragua have been violated by Commodore Pauld- 1
jng; if she finds no cause of complaint against
him; will you tell me what law of your statute-
books has been broken by him; will you to-U me
what rule or principle of international law has
been infringed by him ? And, above all, will yon
tell me wherein, or in what particular, he exceeded
hisinstruotiona interpieted according to their true
spii it and import ?
But the President says, " the error of this gal- ,
lantoilieer consists in exceeding ins msti net ions," *
in that he "landed his sailois and marines in
Nicaragua, whether with or without her consent, ,
for the purpose of making war upon any military
force whatever which he might find in the coun- ,
tiy, no matter from whence they came." This,
^ir, is, to say the least, a harsh, premature, and
unwarranted judgment; a naked assumption, not
only without evidence, but against evidence; an
unwoithy imputation of motive, not sustained or 1
warranted by any proof whatever. Let Commo-
dore, Paulding speak for himself. I read a para-
graph or two from his letter of the 11th of De-
cember, to the Secretary of the Navy, informing
him of his anest of Walker and his followers.
i wiii also read, m this connection, Commodore
Paulding's order to Walker to surrender hi^arms
and to embark m such vessels as he should pro-
vide for him:
11 [No l-lft.] Fno-smi* Wab
j Off £ vx Jcan dvt. Xortn, Dc< enihcr 11, l£r>7.
,1 Fir- I anived hen; on the 6th m^tan', and on the 8th,
'I with n foice fiorn tbc squadron that could not be ie>i-tcd
:! hvGeneial Walker, demanded the Mitrendci of hi-* arms
'! arid the emb.ukation of himself and followers Irom Point
i. Arenas
Tlw ofliePis and men of !ik organization, together with
1: puoh store- a< could be icceived, aic on boa id the riarat< 2a,
11 and >he u ill ^<uf tin- eni ut; or to-moirow tnoinmg for N\u-
'! folk. 1 j-.li.ill direct ('ajitain tJhataid to report to the Depart-
;i ment for in-trucf!on<.
:! In the course f have pur-wed I have acted fiom my judg-
'{ ment, and tru-t it may meet ihc approbation of the i'u.si
i' dent. **•<* ** + ■*■>■
: ri PAO.DfA'G,
'j Flax-Officer Commanding U S. Home Squadron.
] | Hon. Isaac Toccey, Bea etarii of the Nary,
|j United States Ft..\o-stnp Wab^sii.
ji Oft San Juan del XoarK, J'ecemher 7, 1857.
' i ^iu': Your letter of November Ob, v\ a- icccivod at A-pm-
}] wall, and -eat with my dis-patche* to the (ioveiimicnt.
ji That of December ;2, came to mv hands ye-tciday
ji 'J'uc-e Ictteis Mirpre-ed me with tneif tone ot audacity
\ \ ami lal-iiic.ition of iaci<.
; I S'"our rude di-courtf:-y m speakins of Captain Chatard,
of the Saratog.i, [ pu«s without comment The mistake he
made wai in'not driving you from the Point Arenas when
you landed there in dcf,anee of hw aunn.
In occupyinjx the Point. Arenas, and alumina it to be the
headquarters of the army of Nicaragua, and j'ou its com-
mander in-chief, you and jour associate? bdn^ lawless ad--
venturers, you deceive no one by the absurdity.
! Lieutenant Ciliey, of the Saiatoga, informs me that he
j was in uniform, and you say lie was m plain clothes, when
j you threatened to &hoot him.
Whilst you use such threats, it may be of some import-
i! anee for you to know that, if any person belonging to my
command shall receive injuiy from your lawless violence,
the penalty to you shall be a ttibnle to burnaniiy.
Now, mr, you and your followers are heie m violation of
the law^ of the United State-, and greatly to its dishonor;
making war upon a people with whom we are at peace. and
for the sake of humanity, public and private justice, as well
as what is due to the honoi and integiity or* the Government
of the United States. I command you, and the people asso-
ciated here with you. to ^uueiuWr your arms without de-
lay, and embark m such ve.ssels as I may provide for that
purpose.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. PAULDING,
Flaz-Officer Commanding TJ. S, Home Squadron.
General William Walker, Punta Jirenas.
Now, sir, .no man is warranted in asserting that
Commodore Paulding " landed his sailors and
marines m Nicaragua for the purpose of making
war upon any military force whatever which he
might find in the country, no matter from whence
they came." The imputation is repelled by all
the circumstances of the case. He landed his
sailors and marines in Nicaragua for the sole pur-
pose of executing the orders of his Government;
for the sole purpose of arresting Walker and his
command; for the sole purpose of preventing
him from carrying on his expedition against Nic-
aragua. lie was charged with a high and respons-
ible trust, and he executed it at the earliest period,
and at the only place, and in the most quiet and
peaceful mode, that was possible for him to do it.
Walked suirondered at once, at the command of
Paulding, and not a gun was fired nor a blow
struck on either side. The order for Walker's
surrender was backed up by a sufficient force to
command respect and obedience, a.>d to show that
resistance would be in vain. This was a prudent
forecast and calculated to avoid a collision. Paul-
ding's conduct is to be adjudged upon the state of
facts actually existing at the time, and not upon
any hypothetical or supposed state of things.
Had theic been a different state of things there
from that which actually did exist—had there been
other military forces there, for instance, ready to
come to Walker's aid—had Walker's force been
much larger, and Paulding's much smaller—had
there been any condition of things there at the
time which would have been likely to have led to
serious collision and bloodshed, or to anything in
the nature of war; it is not to be presumed, to
Paulding's prejudice, that he would have under-
taken to break up Walker's camp and to put an
end to his expedition at the time and place he did.
He made no war, and had no purpose of making
war, upon whatever force he might find there, not
even upon Walker and his forces, other than that
sort of war which every ministerial officer makes
—which every sheriff or constable, holding a
warrant for the apprehension of a person charged
with crime, makes upon him when he arrests him
arid takes him into in-custody. His warrant au-
thorizes the seizure and detention, peaceably if
he can, forcibly if in; must. In this case no physi-
cal foice was applied; no resistance was made.
It is dilfieu'tt to understand why the President
should have srone so far out of his way as to have
east upon Commodore Paulding the imputation
of having '{ landed his sailors and marines in
Nicaragua for the purpose of making" war upon
whatever military force he might find in the coun-
try, no matter from whence tneyeame." It may
strike the mind* of some persons, less charitable
perhaps, yet of keenei discernment than others,
that n is but a strained and far-fetched, though
not very cunning pretext on the part of the Ad-
ministration, m order to cover a disappointment
and chagrin which cannot bo all concealed, and
must not be all expressed. The imputation has
tins significance, and nothing more.
Mr. President, Commodore Paulding is, per-
sonally, a stranger to me. I am not aware that
it was ever my fortune to meet him, except for a
few moments" on one or two occasions. I had
felt no more interest in him, his fortunes, or his
fame, than in those of any other citizen stranger.
I have known nothing of his private history, and
but little of his official life. Tlie most I know of
him I have learned from this tian'sacuon. It has
given me a very favorable impression of him,
both as an officer and as a man. He was charged
by his Government with the execution of an ex-
tremely delicate and difficult and most responsi-
ble trust. In my judgment, he has discharged
that trust not only with the utmost fidelity, but
he has discharged it with singular skill, prudence,
and humanity. I agree with the President of the
United States, that he was governed ii by pure
