1859;
THE CONGRESSIONAL ;GLOBE.
4m
and patrioticmotives, and by a sincere conviction
that he was promoting the interest and vindicating
the honor of his country." He has done his
whole duty, and nothing more and nothing less
than hisduty,inthisregard. For this act of duty
and of patriotism I am not willing to see him
stricken down by your resolution of censure. So
far forth as my feeble arm can do it, I stand here
to stay the impending blow. For this deed of
humanity and public duty I do not come forward,
either, to tender to him extraordinary honors or
rewards; nor do I come with a proposition for a
tender, to him, of swords or medals, the usfial
testimonials; of'distinguished military or naval
service; but I would tender to him that which,
more than all, would gladden the heart of one
who has served his country long and well, who
has maintained the honor of his country's flag in
every sea, and the integrity of his country'sgood
name among the nations of the earth. I would
tender to him the simple record of that country's
approval and commendation. Instead of turning
upon him a repulsive frown, 1 would extend to
him the welcome salutation and the grateful
recognition of " a gallant and faithful servant of
the Republic."
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
the prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. * I hope not." I had de-
sired myself to make a few remarks, but very
few, on this subject, and I hope to be allowed to
do so.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand from the
Senator from Kentucky'that he wishes to debate
this questions'
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir, for a very
brief space of time. •
Mr. HUNTER. Then I withdraw my motion
until he has done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, if I re-
garded this question as a mere personal one, and
thought it was calculated to affect only Captain
Paulding, I should not feel it necessary to say a
single word; but 1 think it is a question that goes
much further, and involves the rights of the
country; and it is in that respect that I desire to
make a few remarks. Without undertaking to
recapitulate the circumstances attending the law-
less armed expeditions fitted out in this country to
assail Nicaragua, a country with which we wet.e at
peace; and without stopping to relate the illicit
and fraudulent manner in which he escaped with j
that expedition from our shores, in violation of j
the laws of the United Stares; or to statu how, i
reaching a port of Nicaragua, he succeeded in
. escaping a vessel there stationed for the purpose
of preventing lus landing; or to inquire how he
was afterwards, upon the shore, arrested by Com-
modore Paulding; I say, without any further re-
capitulation on tins subject, I will go on to state
the question upon which I wi&h to offer a few
remarks.
The President of the United States announced
the.se facts to us, and declared that Commodore
Paulding, for the arrest of Walker and his hand,
had been guilty of " a grave error" in violating
the neutrality of a foreign State; that however
much it was to be desired that this expedition
should be arrested, he ought not to have landed
for the purpose of arresting Walker, though m
sight of his ships and upon the very shores of
Nicaragua. Now, sir, in my humble judgment,
which I oppose with a sincere diffidence to the
I-resident himself on this question, I think that
there was no breach of neutrality, and no error
upon the part of Commodore Paulding; and I say
this on several grounds.
In the first place, the lav/ authorized the Presi-
dent and gave him power " to prevent the carry-
ing on" of such expeditions. The President, in
the instructions given to our naval officers, had
called the attention of Commodore Paulding, and
the attention of other officers commanding our
ciuisers, to this law, and bade them carry it into
effect. Here was the case, then: Commodore
Paulding's duty was to prevent the carrying on
of this unlawful expedition; he was with his ship
lying in the harbor of San Juan, and there was
William Walker in sight of him, armed and pre-
pared to make war upon a country with which
our nation was^at peace, having made all his prep-
arations and enlisted all his men within the bosom
of our own friendly country. We were bound by
every consideration that-no such invasion should
proceed from our shores,, and no warfare proceed
from our people ^gainstNicaragua. Here wasa
band of desperadoes in sight, who had violated
the laws of their country by going there; who had
done this by'fraud and force and ever$ circum-
stance calculated to aggravate the offense. What
they would do, and what sort of warfare they
would these carry on, had been demonstrated by the
previous warfare in which they had been baffled.
Blood and ashes had before marked their course;
and upon blood and ashes was founded the little,
petty, miserable, lawless empire, which they pre-
sumed to set up and exercise there. That was
their errand., demonstrated by their own previous
practice; there they were upon such an errand,
and there they were against the violated laws of
their own country; and there they were in sight
of Commodore Paulding, commissioned by this
Government to prevent, among other things, more
specifically the carrying on of such an expedition.
'He was in sight of them, they just preparing for
bloody deeds and bloody activity.
Now, sir, was*it doing more than preventing
the carrying on of that expedition, when his hand
was over them, when he could reach them from
the sea, almost? He jpight have taken shelter,
possibly, behind the letter of the law; but was
that the duty of an American officer? It is the
letter that is said to kill; the spirit saves. If he
had sheltered himself behind the letter of the law',
and had not the courage to meet tl^e responsibility
of his position, what would have been the esti-
mate you would put upon such an officer? But
there, alone, in a foreign country, called upon for
instantaneous action, in a case demanding the
most profound consideration, if he should err,
was that " a grave error," or was it an'error that
his country would have wiped out and taken no
notice of? I say it came within the fair, substan-
tial spirit and meaning of the law to do what he
did.
But that is not all, sir. He violated the neu-
trality of Nicaragua, it is said. Did he? What
did he do, sir? He only marched upon the ter-
ritory which was within the camp, I may say
within the actual possession, of Walker and his
band. Walker was to that extent the ruler of the
country, and he claimed to rule over the whole
country. Whose territory was it that he landed
upon? The soveieignty was a very narrow one;
but it was as much under the sovereignty of
Walker as the whole country had ever been. It
was by force alone that ho had ever held it, and
it was by force alone that he held the spot where
he was arrested. He had already, by this hostile
invasion, displaced the sovereignty, and he had
displaced the Government of Nicaragua. Can this
be denied? He went there as one claiming do-
minion, and claiming sovereignty by election, ur
claiming it in light of conquest. By conquest he
had achieved the dominion ovpro small portion.
Paulding landed within the limits of his camp.
Whose territory was that to be violated ? Why
talk about the territory of Nicaragua and her sov-
ereignty— that tender, delicate, inviolable thing,,
sovereignty—and the violation of it by Captain j
Paulding? It had already been violated; it had
been displaced; it had been superseded; it was
claimed by Walker; it was possessed by Walker
with the strong hand, he asserting dominion and
asserting government over it. His was the gov-
ernment de facto of that spot. Who can say that
it was not? That was the temtory, than; the camp
of the lawless invader; of the criminal who had
fled from this country. It was his territory, his
camp, and his nentiality, if anybody's, that was
violated. Was that " agiave error r" The "grave
error'' supposed to exist is in violating the sov-
ereignty of Nicaragua, when there was no sov-
ereignty and no territory of hers there to be vio-
lated. This is-one ground in which I very re-
spectfully think the President erred.
There is another ground still stronger and more
satisfactory to my mind. It is not every entry
into your land, or my land, that, according to the
civil and domestic laws of our country, is a tres-
pass. We may go there by invitation-;*we may
go there by a license inferred from former entries;
we may go there either upon the express or fairly
implied will of the proprietor, and that is no tres-
pass. So with icspcct to the entry of an armed
force upon the territory of another nation: whether
it be a violation of neutrality does not depend upon
the mere offeree of the foot in treading upon the
land; it depends upon the circumstances whiek*
accompany it; it depends upon the inte fitto# with
which the act is done. The laws of neutrality-
teach us greatly to regard the sovereign t#--o£ alt"
countries, and to make no invasionoi* it; but still,
what is an invasion, is a cjueslion leftopenr, to be
decided in accordance with the reason of
particular case, and according to the circumstances
of it, giving to thosecircumstancesjust that weight
which you would give to the like circumstances
attending any other question involving a trespass
upon private propertyat home; for the law of na-
tions in this respect, is the law-of reason, founded
on a reason so pfein, that it is accepted and ac-
knowledged by all nations. That is the law of
neutrality. ' ^
Well, sir, underwhat circumstances was- this
entry with an armed force by Commodore Pauld-
ing made? It was not intended to affect the sov-
ereignty or the rights of Nicaragua. It was not
intended to make use of them, even for th<! con-
venience of those who entered. It was entered
in no spirit of aggression. It was entered for a
friendly purpose. It was entered to arrest an in-
vaderthat was aboutto spill her blood and despoil
her fields—that was it. Is it not a perversion of
all reason to consider that a breach of neutrality,
in the sense that makes these breaches obnoxious
to national sovereignty ? We easily distinguish
those breaches of neutrality, those entrances
with armed forces into a neutral country with*the.
spirit of aggression, and with the intention to
offend, from one so. broadly marked as the mo-
tives on this occasion were which induced Com-
modore Paulding to enter. He entered to give no
offense; he entered to violate no sovereignty of
Nicaragua; he entered purely, simply, and ex-
clusively, as the whole case shows on its face, for
the purpose of restoring that sovereignty, of
maintaining that sovereignty,and rescuing it from
the hands of those who had desecrated it. It is,
therefore, beyond any view of national law which
can be at all vindicated, to call such an entry a
bread' of neutrality. To enter the territory of
another, even with an armed force, with a great
army, if you have permission to do it from the
neutral country, is no violation of its neutrality.
Nobody will contend that it is; and why not?
Because the neutral territory has consented.
Volenti non fit injuria is the natural law every-
where. There* is no injury to those who have
given consent to the action.
Another view of this subject is, whether this
consent may not, like ever}'' other fact, be pre-
sumed from circumstances, and proved by that
presumption as satisfactorily as an express writ-
ing giving consent? If he had had the written
consent of the Government of Nicaragua to enter,
Captain Paulding could not have bee-n accused of
any breach of propriety or of neutrality. If that
fact of consent can be demonstrated by'circum-
stancps, is it not equally available to defend him
against, any such charge as that of a breach of
neutrality? It is to enter against the will of the
owner, against the will of the nation whose ter-
ritory you enter, that constitutes the offense.
Then, under all the circumstances of this case,
had not Commodore Paulding a right to infer the
fact of assent on the part of the Government of
Nicaragua? If circumstances showed this, though
indirectly, if it was shown circumstantially as
clearly as the most positive evidence could have'
shown it, would he not have been guilty then of
a poor plea to make before his country, if he were
to plead that when this lawless party who had
violated the laws of his country and escaped there
were in his power, and when Nicaragua wanted
him to take them and bring them home again, he
did not do it because, according to the letter of
his instructions, as he read them, he would have
been guilty of a breach of neutrality in so doing?
Who would have listened to it? Should he not
have justly been overwhelmed with the ignomin-
ious judgment of his country upon him as one
who sought to shelter himself-—one who dodged?
Certainly he would, sir; and no man could argue
against it.
Was there not every evidence here ? If I see
a man rushing to stab you,sir, and I,a stranger,
interpose and wrest the dagger from him, have I
not a right to suppose that you consent that I
should brush by you, and even be guilty of rudely
pushing you out of the way, in order that I may
