12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Federal Judiciary—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
Now, it is certain that if neither the equity of
the law of 1816, nor that of 1834, gives relief, both
taken together do not; although the committee
reporting this bill evidently supposed the two
statutes made a stronger case than either taken
separately.
Sir, I lay it down as a clear proposition, that,
if these claims come within the intercourse law,
they should be presented to the proper Depart-
ment for adjustment, and not sent here. But gen-
tlemen say they come within the spirit of the law
of 1834, but not within the letter of that act.
^ Now, sir, so far as we can make the hostile In-
dians and soldiers who destroyed this property
without justice or authority, compensate the suf-
ferers, I am willing to act. But when it is pro-
posed to take the compensation for their injuries
from the pockets of my constituents, I demand
on their behalf the reason for doing it. Is there
justice in compelling the people of Ohio to pay for
the crimcs committed by Indians in Alabama ? I
ask gentlemen to show me the justice of such pol-
icy. I was not sent here to do such acts without
good and sufficient reasons. The law of 1802
gave the remedy, as I have already stated, only
against the Indians committing the depredations.
In no case did it authorize payment from the
public Treasury. Under this law, our pioneers
of the West and Northwest, the South and South-
west, were governed, from 1802 until 1834. They
suffered constant depredations from Indians who
always seek food, and will have if they can get
it by stealing. For property thus taken, our pio-
neers sometimes obtained compensation from the
Indians, under that law; but more generally the
property taken was entirely lost to (lie owner.
The loss was sustained without murmuring. And,
so far as my knowledge extends, no man thought
it right to tax the people of his own or of other
States for such unlawful acts of Indians.
In 1834 a now intercourse law was enacted,which
gives the sufferer in such case three years' time
to present his claims; and if presented and proved
before the superintendent, agent, or sub-agent,
such agent shall report the same to the Depart-
ment, and the United States may retain such sum
from the annuities of the tribe to which such In-
dian belongs; or, if no annuity he paid suHi tribe,
the same shall be paid out of the national Treas-
ury. In the eases befoie us no such presentation
or proof was made. There is therefore no legal
claim upon the Government; but the advocates of
the bill insist that these cases come within the
equity of this statute of 1834. I deny it; there is
no equity, no color of equity, in making the peo-
ple of other States pay for the depredations com-
mitted by Indians in Alabama. I speak not of
the provocation given by the white people that
aroused the Indians to violence; but I say it is
clearly and obviously inequitable and unjust to
make my constituents pay for their depredations,
whether such depredations were or were nut pro-
voked. I need not say that equity or justice is
an attribute of Deity—the same yesterday, to-day,
and forever, immutable and unchangeable; that
no act of Congress can enlarge or dimmish its
scope, or set bounds to its opeiation. 1 need not
repeat that the law of 1802 was equitable and just,
nor need I say that the law of 3 8154 has not changed
or enlarged this justice. If these pioneers in Ala-
bama were willing to run the risk of settling among
the Indians, with the hope or expectation of
making fortunes, it was their own act, and at
their own risk. The people of other State*? did
not become insurers against loss by Indian dep-
redations.
But it said there was no superintendent or agent
at that lime among the Creeks to whom the settlers
could apply. J answer, they had three years to
make their application; and although the agent
had, for the time being, left the Indian eountiy,
there was not, I think, six months at any time
when there was no agent among the Creeks. In-
deed, the Creek annuities were regularly paid by
the superintendent, to whom application could
have been made at any time. But suppose the
agent had been absent during the whole three
years; or suppose the President had neglected to
appoint an agent during the then three years: would
such dereliction of duty have imposed upon my
constituents the duty of paying for these claims?
Or, indeed, suppose the President had stipulated
that the people of other States should pay these
claims: would such stipulation have imposed any
obligation upon the people of Ohio or any other
State ? The answer is clear; and I am led to the
unhesitating conclusion that, neither in law, in
equity, nor in justice, have these people the
shadow of a claim upon our public Treasury.
FEDERAL JUDICIARY.
SPEECH OF HON. PHILEMON BLISS,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BLISS said:
Mr. Chairman: Debate on the appropriation
bill for the judiciary having been closed, I am
driven to that exhaustless mine, the President's
message, now under consideration. True to his
early instincts, he again appeals to the Supreme
Court, as authority for political opinions, and in-
directly approves an old dogma, recently indorsed
in the report of a Democratic committee of my
own Legislature, that the decisions of the Su-
preme Court, upon constitutional questions, must
stand as a part of the instrument itself, until they
are reversed." It is to combat that ultra Federal
dogma, and to explain the provisions of certain
bills of my own, that 1 propose to speak.
During the last session of this Congress, the
Judiciary Committee reported against a bill in-
troduced by me, repealing the twenty-fifth sec-
tion of the judiciary act of 1789, and curtailing
the habeas coipus powers of the United States
judges.yl had then no opportunity to express my
views upon the subject-matter of the bill. There
is now before the same committee a bill intro-
duced by me to prevent the packing of juries in
the Federal courts of Ohio. 1 shall not hereafter
share the responsibility of Federal legislation; and
despairing of present action, I should, peihaps,
content myself by letting the hills themselves ex-
press my views, liut 1 find myself constrained to
speak. Amid the din of crowdmgeventsl may fail
to ^et a hearing; yet I cannot return to my people
without giving vent to my deep conviction of the
dangers to the citizen and to our federative sys-
tem from the encroachments of the Federal com ts.
We justly praise the Federal Constitution.
That instrument, in its simple, its comprehensive
grandeur, will ever command the homage of man-
kind. Even when the infidelity of a degenerate
people, trampling on its guarantees, abusing its
powers, spurning its reservations, shall render its
benignant provisions a ouise, the instiuinent itself
will deserve none the less reverence, but only
prove that liberty and law, justice and tranquillity,
are the result of a spirit and not a form; a senti-
ment and not a parchment. But we speak thus of
the Constitution m le-fercncp to the times and our
young experience. It has grave defects in not
sufficiently guarding its provisions from abuse;
in notproviding against dangers then unseen, but
which now command the most serious alarm.
As we were to have a government as well as a
league, a separate judicial depmtnieiit became,
or was deemed, essential. This judiciary must
of course have cognizance of cases arising under
the Constitution and laws. It must in such cases
decide upon the powers in the Constitution and
upon the reserved rights of the States. There is
no avoiding this whenever a case arises that in-
volves the necessity of considering them.
It is one of the evils arising frum every written
constitution, from the fact that it is written, that
a court may so twist its language us to enfoice as
fundamental law provisions undreamed of when
adopted. We feel this evil in the States, and seek
to guard against it by judicial responsibility, by
limiting jurisdiction, and, above all, by giving
health to opinion. Evils like these were unknown
to our fathers. The great danger, now so patent,
in giving to a permanent body of men the power,
without responsibility, to interpret, even in causes
of a judicial character, the Constitution and Fed-
eral laws, and to decide the extent of their own
powers, seemed not to have oppressed them.
They regarded the judiciary as weak and needing
strength. It had not been a power in the colonies;
it had not been a power in the Revolution. Mr.
Hamilton says: " the judiciary, from the nature
of its functions, will always be the least danger-
ous to the political rights of the Constitution,"
(Federalist, No. 78.) And thus he always spoke.
It is evident, also, from Mr. Madison's conven-
tion report,'' that the political influence of the ju-
diciary was not feared," (Elliot 5, 483.) Our
English model had no power to nullify, only to
interpret; and a false though innocent interpreta-
tion was easily remedied by appeal to the Lords,
or by a new enactment. Hence the spectacle of a
gowned conclave, gravely setting aside statutes
and constitutions of sovereign States; enforcing
poweis not granted in the compact, and against
the express reservations of the States; with eager
zeal reversing the whole current of authority and
law, to make universal a local and exceptional
despotism; prompting its ministers to mayhem
and murder, sure of their illegal shield, never
darkened our fathers' vision. Had a tithe of what
we stupidly suffer been anticipated by them, the
Federation itself would have been an impossibil-
ity ; at least the court would have been but a Ham-
ilton's dream of a life Executive and Senate. But
they had seen the English danger of dependence
upon the King, and, mistaking a phrase for a fact,
thought they saw the English remedy in " the
independence of the judiciary. "
There never was a more serious mistake. There
is now, there was then, no such thing in England
as the independence of the judiciary. The most
important judicial officer—the Lord Chancellor—
I the only one who possesses any political power,
| comes and goes with every administration; and all
i the other judges are subject to removal by a bare
I majority of the Parliament. The power that
! changes an administration can legally disrobe a
I whole bench; and the consciousness of that fact,
S with the denial of all political power to the com-
j mon-law judges, has been the tiue conservator
! of the English courts. No, it is the " rcsponsi-
1 bility of the judiciary "that has ledeemed the Eng-
i iish bench. th Independence of the judiciary;"
! simply meant independence of the Crown, with
i responsibility to the people. Words are some-
j times the vail as well as the mil ror of things; and
i the phrase, both true and false, kept out of sight
the real character of the great English reform,
! and dictated the strange temue of our judges and
I blinded the Congress of 1789 to the power their
| jurisdiction over the States mi^htgive them. The
[ "scarecrow of impeachment" — that laughmg-
j stock of irresponsibility—was weakly trusted to
j frighten those whose unchecked will might make,
; or aid monopolists and demagogues to make and
j unmake constitutions and laws.
! And, besides, it cannot be denied that the con-
, servatism of 1787 and 17&9 dared not fully to trust
; the people. I am often surprised at its blindness
j now, as then. Timid and unusually honest, it
! shows the sagacity of the ostrich, and the clear-
J sightedness of the owl at noon-day. Conserva-
: tism would treat man as a child, to be always led;
or a wild beast, to be always caged; while Dem-
I ocratic Republicanism regards him as a rational
j being, to be developed; a person clothed with the
I lesponsibilities and charged with the duties of
: majouty. Conservatism would guide him and
: sustain him only, of course, to prevent mischief
i to himself. It would keep him fiom the water
I till he had learned to swim; would withhold a gun
j till he had learned its use; would measme his
I daily food for fear he would overeat; and would
■ surround him by a police to prevent him from
' jostling and being jostled m his walks; while Re-
; pubheanism would hid linn plunge in the stream,
shoulder his own weapon, regulate his own diet,
| and thread his own pathway.
i Were development unnecessary, and could we
' always insure both wisdom and goodness in our
j rulers, there might be some excuse for conservat-
i ism. The good, though somewhat mythical Incas
were said to have made a people happy, though
they kept them bribes, waiting to yield to the first
assault. But our experience shows us, that power
j always corrupts, and the consciousness of irre-
sponsibility only stimulates the selfish passions.
The only true conservatism teaches ptisonal in-
dependence in the citizen and stiict responsibility
! in every department of government. ' It is true
