1859.]
APPENDIX TO TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
35th Cong....2d Sess.
the people may become corrupt; but.ahis! where
then can we luokr If a man Ccin ol govern hnnsi If,
how can we trust him to govern otheis? If he
fail to himself, will he submit to the wiser Or
rather will he not become the prey of the unscru-
pulous, or the tyrant oi his fellows ? Surrounded
by those forms that shall check passion, protect
the individual, and render impotent sudden tumult,
the people, more honest and as apt to be wise as
their servants, must govern the governors—be
the tribunal before whom all tribunals bow. The
consciousness of this responsibility alone can
make the corrupt heed Ins way; alone can make the
judge, as well as the legislator, tempted to pander
to a private interest, or break down a personal
safeguard, pause to see whether he can give a
good reason for his act, one that shall satisfy an !
honest master, and one that shall accord with \
those fundamental piinciples he has sworn, and
they have moie than sworn, to fellow.
This blunder in the Constitution was greatly
aggravated by the course of those into whose
hands its first administration fell. Unfortunately,
they were not satisfied with its simple powers.
They honestly believed it, but " a rope of sand;"
and sought, by forced constructions, to fortify
and strengthen it. I speak not to blame. They
were great and patriotic, men; but men who feared
anarchy more that despotism, license more than
power, and who only sought to enlaige what they
deemed the basis of our liberty. The people could
not always be dazzled by the names of Washing-
ton and the revolutionary heroes—all naturally
on the side of a strong Government; they were
passing away; and some refuge from their own
passions must be furnished the people, or the fruits
of the Revolution would be only strife and unpo-
tency. Fortunately, the Constitution had pro-
vided a tribunal, iiresponsible and dignified, and
filled by those who deeply sympathized in theii
fears. This tribunal, if sufficiently stiengtliened,
might be able to build upon this Constitution the
ark of our deliverance.
There were two obvious ways of strengthening
it. First, by extending its jurisdiction; and sec-
ond, by giving it supreme sway over the minds of
the people.
In jurisdiction, they at once succeeded as fully
as could be desired by the most devoted Federal-
ist. In reading over the twenty-fifth section of
the judiciary act of 1789, I have often wondered
at the tameness of the States, thus at once made
vassals. If the Federal court may not only try
" cases"arisingunder the Constitution;if in such
cases primarily brought in it, it may not only solve
for itself the doubt as to whether it may be a Fed-
eral or is a State case merely; whether a power
lias been yielded or withheld; but if, whenever
any State tribunal, the tribunal of a sovereignty
jier se, equally bound to observe the Constitution,
and possessing larger powers, shall decide that a
power is " reserved" and not " delegated," this
Federal court may step in and take fiom ltjuns-
diction upon mere claim of aparty, then,indeed,
the federation becomes really a nation, and the
discretionary overseer of the States. Though
many seem to have lost sight of it, yet it is really
against the jurisdiction given by that section, that
the struggles of the State-rights Republicans
have been ever since directed. Why it has not
been repealed, I greatly wonder. Why this club
should be continued m the hands of this court,
always rampant against the States, is passing
stiange.
JJut perhaps a solution may be found in the second
method adopted by the Nationals, then as now, to
give permanence to their views. We bow to opin-
ion, not force. Hierarchies and thrones rest upon
the superstition of men. Blind reverence is always
relied on to cherish authority that reason dis-
owns. The friends of this court and its claims
have sought to clothe it in the robes of majesty,
and to enthrone it upon the seat of seiene infalli-
bility. We tieat our State courts with the free-
dom that belongs to human tribunals; approving
when right, condemning when wrong. But when,
from yon mysterious vault, the enrobed nine send
forth their tomes, befogging by their diffuseness
even when announcing the plainest principles,
and still more bewildering by " words without
knowledge;" when essaying some new constitu-
tional construction, as they call their attacks upon
Federal Judiciary—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
1'iahls of the States and their citizens, we are
;ljt to bow without question as the faithful to
the
tdU
tho JrCiCt'S of the Grand Luma.
Having thus given the Federal court control
over the "Slate judiciary, and taught a supvrsti-
tious reverence for its opinions, a single consti-
tutional interpolation only becomes necessary to
make its authority complete. The Constitution
gives jurisdiction in certain " cases," i. e. suits
between parties. If this authority could be ex-
tended to all questions, as well as cases, the most
ardent centralizor could ask no more. Itis plain,
that if I seek an advantage, a right under a writ-
ten instrument, whether it be a constitution, stat-
ute, or contract, I must be governed by the con-
stiuction given the instrument by the tribunal
whose aid 1 invoke. Thisis equally true, whether
I seek the inter volition of a Federal or a State
couit, executive officer, Legislature, or umpire.
Each power will give me relief in the specific case,
as it understands my rights under the instrument,
and must, necessarily, so far construe that lnstiu-
mcnt; but to give decisions upon questions and
principles by which other departments or tribu-
nals of equal authority shall be bound in other
cases, is quite another thing.
If the idea could be generally infused into the
public mind that this court had jurisdiction to de-
cide all constitutional questions; could be made,
like the councils, the final arbiter of faith, by
whoso opinions upon the political theory sup-
posed to be involved in the cause all should he
hound, the end of the consolidation party would
be attained. Law and order would erect its throne
upon the seat of libeity and law, the democratic
element be held m cheek by the arm of power and
the sentiment of loyalty; and from a disjointed
Confederacy would spring a gieat and consoli-
dated empire. To thus infuse that idea, was di-
lected every energy. True, Mr. Jefferson and a
few others have always fought against it; hut they
j seem almost to have fought in vain (See ap-
i pendix.) From then till now, the leadmy Federal
! idea has possessed the public mind. Legislators,
i Presidents, orators, essayists, whether conserv-
1 ative or demagogue, constantly, and with confi-
dence, appealing to the varying and contradictory
opinions oi Federal judges, denounce the impious
dissenter. Does a United {States bank, looking in
vain to the Constitution itself, demand a contin-
ued existence, us Webster, with a power alone
his own, rallies us to the support of it s shield, the
coui i, as the final arbiter of all constitutional ques-
tions. Does the genius of personal despotism,
from its local abode, look with jealousy upon our
! joyous fieedorn, and seek to cut off the great do- j
; main from its enjoyment, the ready opinion of an ,
' eager court is proclaimed by the President as the j
ultimatum; and, from that opinion alone, slaveiy i
is enforced as the geneial law. Does the State,
tired of monopoly, seek to grant to others the (
same privilege hitherto given alone to a corpora- ;
I tion, or to otherwise change the law creating it, we (
• find the court irmking the strange discovery that
; all charters are contracts, and beyond the control ,
j of the State. Thus all corporations, and the mul- |
i titudes interested in corporations, are opprossots; j
, and the multitudes whose chief glory is to hate the j
| subjects of oppression, instinctively rally around j
' the'court, and wonder that any one can doubt j
; its final authority upon all questions as well as |
| "cases.511 |
1 Of all the departments of the Government, the !
; Supreme Court should he the last one to decide :
! pohiKM.1 questions. If the people are the source 1
of power, if they adopt their fundamental law, j
, they must ultimately give it construction. It is j
! not possible that they intended to give to a body of j
eight or ten men chosen for life, and almost wholly
irresponsible to them, power to modify and change
, their constitution at plea^uie, as some new light
or new influence shall inspire them. It is not pos-
" siulu that the States intended to give their sover-
! tngH'y 10 such keeping. The blunder of its ere-
! j atTon and its early powers—those stiange over-
! sights that great men might be guilty of, who were
I intent alone upon tiadiuonal dangers, and, scan-
■ nlng the history of all people, found neither ex-
1 ample nor peril, because their syMem itself was
' without precedent, cannot be thus interpreted.
! No; the people of the States, both through their
! several State governments and their Federal Rep-
resentatives, are the only power that can legiti-
mately decide these questions. And, if the Fed-
eral court, after they have become so unequivo-
cally decided, shall, in cases before them, refuse
to conform to such decision, then it becomes the
duty of the people {,to alter or abolish it."
The character of that court's decisions demand
that we hold it strictly to the law. I have noth-
ing to say of the judges personally; i suppose
them to be like other men, generally honest, but
liable to be swayed by private interest, class or
local jealousies, and party passions, and needing,
like others, the restraining influence of the ter-
rors of accountability. I have alluded to some of
their decisions; I have no time to speak of them
at length, and will content myself with quoting a
criticism of Chief Justice Hartley, of my own
State, only remarking that his criticism has been
indorsed by the Democratic party of Ohio by re-
nominauon for the supreme bench immediately
after it was made:
Tt is a remarkable fact, that almost every unwarrantable
stretch of powei by Congies* has been Mistamed l>v the Su-
preme Couit ol the United Stale". Tin- is- a matter m pub-
lic hinory. The alien and sedition law-; the vexatious
ret; illations of the cmbatgo and non intercourse acts ; the act
to uicoipoiate the Bank ol the United States* "*
* * the lucent bankrupt law* * * *
{C theye, and numerous other acts which might be mentioned,
now repealed, and now wholly repudiated by the torce of
public sentiment as unwarranted by the Constitution, re-
ceived a ready saneiion m the Suptemu Couit of the United
Stales. In viewol the unmistakable disposition manifested
bv that tribunal to enlarge the power-, of the Geneial Gov-
. ernmenr hv construction ; in view of the fact that it has
! taken under in protection almost every species ofcorpora-
1 tion, political, peeuniaiy, and eleemosynaiy; m view of its
repeated encroachments on the sovereignty ol the States,
bv annulling laws which in no way whatever concerned the
affair^ of the Fedeial Government, or interfered with the
i piugicss of it-> legitimate administration, it must be ad-
1 nutted, though niueli to be lamented, that, the decisions of
that tnbnnal have not only lo^t much of then moral mflu-
| eiice, but much weicrht a- judicial anthoufv, in the eouits
1 of the States."—(> Ohio Slate Report*, page 1179.
| 1 do not disown judicial authority, or deny its
, influence, outside the given cafe. Evei y judicial
decision, whether Slate or Federal, is entitled to
i icspect, and if it settle a disputed point upon the
basis of reason, should be followed by other
j courts. The judicial maxim ''stnreilccwi," means
1 this and no more. In the relations of the Federal
; and State couits, an additional rule prevails. Tho
| construction of a Federal statute by the Federal
I courts, should be followed in the State courts;
and conversely, the construction of State statutes
by State courts, is binding on the Fedeial. Yet
this rule only applies when exclusive jurisdiction
over the subject-matter of the statute, or the con-
stitutionality of the statute, is admitted. Hence,
' when the Federation assumes peisonal junsdic-
i tion not granted in the Constitution, as m pumsh-
■ jng for crimes over which no jutisdiction is given
' them, it is the duty of the State to disregard such
' assumption and vindicate its reservations; and
1 when the State seeks to punish farads under Fed-
eral authority, as for collecting imposts, the Fed-
| eration will disregard such attempt and vindicate
; its powcts. In such cases, neither tho decisions
of Legislatures or courts have any binding force.
| Be not alarmed at the collisions that thus arise.
1 They show that we have not lapsed into the calm
: of despotism. Through them "freedom breathes,
j and great principles renew their life. It is the
only way by which the public reason, that must
^ ultimately decide all these questions, can be di-
' rected to their solution; and we shall be the wiser
; and better for tho collisions.
: The tweuty-iilth section of the judiciary act,
' which I propose to repeal, provides for a^direct
supervision of the State courts by the hedeial
judiciary, whenever they decide against a party
. who chums privilege or exemption by virtue of
i' Federal authority; though, if the decision is in
i; favor of such party, however erroneous, his op-
'! ponent is without remedy.
ikSj;c.2«">. * •* * * That a final judgment or
I decree in anv suit in the highest court of law or equity of
I a State in which a decision of the suit could be had. where
I is diawn in question the validity of a treaty or statute of,
| or an authority exercised under, the Unned States, and the
' dpcision is ng"uii;-t their validity; or wheic drawn in
i question the validity of a statute of, oi nn authoiity exer-
i cs^ed under, any rttate, on the around of their being repug-
. n^iu to the (Jonstnutton, treaue--, oi laws, of tho United
! ri'atei, and the decision i- in lavor ot such their validity ;
i or whi'ic is diawn m question the construction of any
clause oi the Constitution, or of a. treaty, or statute of, or
j commission held uuuer, the United States, and the decision
