74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Federal Judiciary—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
is against the title, right, privilege, or exemption, specially
set up or claimed by either party under such clause ot the
said Constitution, treaty, statute, or commission, may be
reexamined and reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Court
of the United States, upon a writ of error," &,c.—1 United
States Statute> at Large, page 85.
This section of the statute is one of the uncor-
rected errors of those who so early sought to
nationalize this Federation; the principle of it is
clearly vicious. I speak not now of the twelfth
section, which is subject to some of the same ob-
jections.
All cases, either at law or equity, fall under
the jurisdiction either exclusively of the Federal,
exclusively of the State, or concurrently of the
State and Federal courts, wherever the suit is
first instituted. When th£ jurisdiction is exclu-
sive, any similar proceedings elsewhere are abso-
lutely void. There is no necessity for either a
Federal or State court to review on error the
opinions of a tribunal that has no jurisdiction in
the case. They may be treated as a nullity; and
the court having exclusive jurisdiction will pro-
ceed as though no other proceedings had been
had.
In nearly all the cases in which jurisdiction is
given by the Constitution to the Federal courts,
it is admitted that the State courts have concur-
rent jurisdiction. And the question arises, whether
the State courts, having properly acquired juris-
diction, are courts inferior to*the Federal m the
sense that their final decision should be subject
to review on appeal on error to the Federal
courts ?
Ohio has as yet always submitted to such re-
view, and in cases deeply affecting her sovereignty,
I would not counsel our own supreme court, for
a light cause, to refuse obedience; yet the signs
indicate that the time may soon come when such
refusal will become a duty. Acquiesencc: in this
Federal supervision has been by no means uni-
versal. Virginia [see appendix] and Georgia
have openly and with impunity repudiated the
right of Federal review, and it has been often
questioned in other States. State nullification is
always a dangerous, though sometimes a neces-
sary remedy. Congress should remove the tempt-
ation by the repeal of a statute, which any State
at pleasure may nullify,ami for which we find no
constitutional authority, as 1 will show.
If the Fcdeial com t may lawfully levtew n final
decision in the courts of the Stales, that, author-
ity of course is given in the Constitution. Jud^e
Marshall in Cohens r*. Virginia, (G Wheaton t264,
see page 41G,) claims that the words of the Con-
stitution "give to the Supremo Court appellate
jurisdiction, in all cases arising under the Consti-
tution, laws, and treaties of the United States.
The words are broad enough to comprehend all
cases of this description in whatever court they may
be decided." Let us sou what are these so broad
words:
" Si:c. J. The judicial power of die thnled States shrill '
be voted in one Supreme ('on it, and in such mlri tor com ts i
(tt the Congress mayjrom lime to time ordain ant I 1
The judges, l>otii of the biipreme and inferior rou)l-:, Midi!
hold their offices," be.
' i
This is very express. The judicial power is j
vested in the Supreme Court and courts crcatrdby \
Congress, not " in whatever court" certain eases |
" may be decided."
Again, immediately following: !
" Sec '2 The judicial pmvei shall extend to all cases in ;
law and equity arising under tins Constitution," &e. i
What judicial power, pray? That of any of;
"whatevei court" may decide constitutional ques- !
tions? So it would seem from the language of i
Judge Marshall; and such would seem to have !
been the idea of those good old Federalists who ;
framed this twenty-fifth section. Hut, in looking j
just spo
preme Court, and in other courts created by Con-
gress. The judicial power of the seveial States,
or of foreign States, may extend to these cases,
yet not by virtue of this instrument. If a plain-
tiff bring a defendant into the courts of Great
Britain, or of New York, and claim a right, or the
defendant claim an exemption under the Federal
Constitution, or laws, or treaties, such court must
necessarily decide the claim. They are courts of
general jurisdiction, and decide upon all claims
lawfully brought before them, under whatever
constitution or laws they arise. But they do not
so decide by virtue of this section, and their
power is not " the judicial power of the United
States."
The second paragraph of this second section
provides directly for this appellate jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court. It is the only pretended au-
thority forthe twenty-fifth section of the judiciary
act; and 1 ask a careful attention to its language:
" In all cases affecting embassadors, &c., the Supreme
Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all other cases
before mentioned) the Supreme Court shall have appellate
jurisdiction," &c.
What cases are " before mentioned ?" Why
all those enumerated cases to which "the judicial
power shall extend." The judicial power of New
York? of Great Britain? No; but" the judicial
power of the United States," "vested in one Su-
preme Court, and in such inferior courts as the
Congress may from time to time establish." So
we see that the "appellate jurisdiction "is not from ,
State courts, or foreign courts at all; and " the j
words" are not "broad enough to comprehend j
all cases" involvingaconstruction of Federal laws, ;
&c., "in whatever court they may be decided."
But, as if conscious that the words of the Con-
stitution were not broad enough to give "appel-
late jurisdiction" from any but those courts in j
which the judicial power of the United States is
vested and which arc created by Congress, the j
same learned judge, in the same case, (pages 414, |
415,) infers tins power not from any "words," j
but from his idea of the general relation of the j
Federal and State Governments. He says: j
"We think that in a Government acknowlcdgedly sti-
pirme with respect to the objects* of vital interest to the
nation, there is nothing inconsistent wuh sound reason, or
incompatible with ihe nature of government, in making all
it*; dcpauuients supreme, so fai ax tespeets thobc objects,
and so tat as uecessaiy to then attainment. The exetciso
of the appellate power over ihose judgments of the State
tnbunals which may contravene the Constitution or laws
of the United States, ts essenttal to the attainmcntof those
object*." * * * * "It seems to be a eoi-
loll.iiv from this political axiom that the Kcdeial e.mrN
should either po^ess exclusive jun-diction in such case-, ,
or a povvei to levise the judgment tendered m them by the j
St.lie tl ibuil.lls." :
Perhaps they "should;" but to see whether
they actually do possess it, we must look to the
Constitution itself, cither for an express grantof
the jui lsdietion, or to see whether it is a direct
inference fi om an express giant. The judicial
power of the United Slates is expressly giantcd
to the Supreme Court, and to such inferior courts
as Congress may establish. Appellate jurisdic-
tion is expressly given to the Supreme Court in
cases over which judicial power is thus granted.
Laws to carry into execution these express grants
should provide for the organization of this su-
preme and tln-se inf'-iior courts, and for error
and appeal from the latter to the former. So far
as jurisdiction ih concerned, they should do no
less; they can do no more. And yet this learned
jud^e—and truly learned he must have been to
have established his strange constructions—has
discovered an implied power, not " to make all
laws which shall be necessaiy and proper for car-
rying into execution "the powers expressly grant-
ed; but he implies a power from his own theoiy
of the general character and relations of the Fed-
eral and State Governments. The Federal Gov-
ernment i s supreme, therefore its court has ap-
pellate jurisdiction over the State courts! Sol
mi^ht say the State governmentsare supreme,and
therefore the State courts should have appellate
jurisdiction over the Federal. The truth is, the
law is supreme, and not the courts, though each
is superior to the other m their own forum and
within their own exclusive jurisdiction; but when
the jurisdiction is concurrent they are equals; and
the Fedeial Constitution gives no color to the idea
that there is any dependence or subordination of
one to the other. The Federal courts being of spe-
cial and limited jurisdiction, can only pass upon
the rights of litigants where certain specific ques-
tions are involved; and in such cases, so far as is
necessary, must interpret constitutions and laws.
The State courts, being of general jurisdiction,
may pass upon the rights of litigants, whatever
the quest ion involved, unless expressly restrained.
If a party bases his chum oi defense upon a law
of England or France, or upon the constitution or
laws of any other State, or of the United States,
it becomes the duty of this State court to construe
such laws by whatever sovereignty enacted. Be-
cause England and France and the several States
are each superior m the enactment of their own
laws, will error hence lie to their courts ? 1 admit
there would be more propiiety, wete the puivtr
granted, in the exercise by the Supreme Court of
the United States of appellate jurisdiction from
the State courts, than in its exprcise by courts of
extra-territorial jurisdiction. But the reasoning
of the court, when it leaves the record to flounder
in the mire of conjecture, applies as well to one
as the other.
But it is said the Constitution, and laws of the
United States in pursuance thereof, are the su-
preme law. Most true; but does it follow that
i hence the Supreme Court of the United States
has appellate jurisdiction over the State courts?
The State judges are all sworn to support the
Constitution of the United States; they are sworn
to administer its laws. Except in actions per-
taining to the realty, they can only hear com-
plaints against persons within the bailiwick.
These judges are their natural protectors, and, as
representatives of the local sovereign, ought to
decide all local tenures. The plaintiff who ap-
peals to them, and the defendant who sits under
their shadow, cannot complain of their decision.
"The supreme law of the land" is just as bind-
ing upon them as upon a Federal court; and there
is no reason to believe they will not administer
it as honestly, as impartially. Most of the reason-
ing of the Federal court, in assuming this appel-
late jurisdiction, is a mean imputation upon their
integrity. I have yet to learn that the courts of
the States, at least such of them as have fallen
under my cognizance, are a whit behind the Fed-
eral Supreme Court in learning, in integrity, and
in fidelity to the admitted principles of our Gov-
ernment. I might say more; but I forbear.
But, it is said, we should have uniformity in
constitutional interpretations, that ail the people
may hold the same doctrine. This may be im-
portant, or may not; but it certainly cannot be
obtained through the Supreme Court. For, firstly,
it has no power to decide these questions for the
people at large. It can only give or withhold re-
lief fiom some particular litigant, in a given case,
and can go no further. And besides, experience
has shown that constitutional questions have not
been settled in this way. They have been set-
tled only by the verdict and general acquiescence
of the people, and generally against the opinion
of the Supreme Court. And even this twenty-
fifth section, which seeks uniformity by a method
unknown to the Constitution, fails upon the face
of it. It provides for appeals in only a portion
of the cases. If the State court decides, however
erroneously, in favor of the party seeking to avail
lum.self of some Federal weapon or cover, it is all
right. There is no appeal. It is only when such
weapon or cover is held illegal, that appeal Iips;
thus making a distinction unjust to parties and
odious to the States.
But I am compelled to drop this subject justas
it opens before me, or omit other things I desire
to say.
In the same bill before spoken of, I provided
for the repeal of the seventh section of the act of
March 2, 1833, " further to provide for the collec-
tion of duties on imports," (4 Statutes at Large,
page 634,) commonly called the " force act." I
think the whole act should be repealed. A grant
of extraordinary power for a particular emergency
should never become part of a permanent system.
The seventh section extends the jurisdiction of
the Federal judges m habeas corpus to cases when
the prisoner is confined " for any act done, or
omitted to be done, in pursuance of a law of the
United States, or any order, process, or decree of
any judge or court thereof." It was drawn upon
the supposition that Federal officers would be im-
prisoned for the proper execution of Federal pro-
cess, or collection of Federal revenue. It was de-
signed to meet the then threatened resistance of
South Carolina; and though it might have been
necessary in that emergency, its continued exist-
ence implies an unwarranted distrust of the ever-
loyal State authorities. Respect for that loyalty,
if nothing else, demands its repeal. No State
tribunal ever has, or ever will punish any person
