1839;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mt:
lectiogthe Indians upon reservation?, or, in other words,
Government farms, and there subsisting them by their own
labor, i am not prepared to say that the leading ideas of
Ins plan could not, under certain conditions, be success-
fully applied in practice ; but it must be admitted that the
experiment has, so far, proved a lamentable failure."
Then, again, in reference to the Mendocino
reservation, of which he made a special examina-
tion* he says;
et Notwithstanding thesd natural advantages, the reserv-
ation has not ihiiven. There are but few Indians upon
it, (seven hundied and twenty-two according to the state-
ment of the &ub-agent in charge,) and the great majouty of
these could, in no wise, be distinguished from their wild
brethren. The whole place has an effete, decayed look,
that is most disheartening. I saw it, it is true, at an unfa-
vorable season of the year; but there were unmistakable
indications everywhere that, whether considered as a
means of civilization or as purely eleemosynary, the sys-
tem, as tried here, is a failure."
Again he says, speaking of the economy of the
system:
"A rough calculation of the amount of food $100,000
would buy, and the number of Indians; it would feed, will
illustrate the economy of the present system."
The result of that examination is, that if we
were to take the money and buy food and give it
to the Indians, they u could be fed at an annual
cost of $16 42 per head, which is about one fourth
what it costs at present." He says further:
" If it be conceded that the reservation system, a<? prac-
ticed in California, does not civilize the Indian, and docs
not feed and clothe him cheaply; that!, in short, it is a fail-
ure, it only remains to ascertain the cause of the failure. Is
the defect 111 the system, 01 the management? and, il in the
system, what remedy shall be applied? These are grave
questions, and I attempt their solution with hesitation."
He goes on to speak of the only thriving In-
dians whom he saw:
"Upon the LupiHomi ranch, near Clear lake, there are
some three hundied Indians?, the only really pro^peious and
happy ones I saw 111 t'nliioima. These Indians, with the
permission and by the aidot the laneheio,cultiva.rofcevejal
fields near the edge of the lake, and with the products ot
these and the fish winch abound in the lake, f>ubsi?t them-
selves comfortably. In >prmg tune and harvest ibe men go
down into Napa and Sonoma valleys, and lure themselves
at good wages to the farmers then;, and thus procuie the
means of clothing themselves and families. The owner of
the ranch finds his advantage in thus protecting, encourag
ins:, andaidingthes/  Indians. They make capital vaqueros,
and he can obtain the services of almost any number, nt a
moderate price. They are insfeudaioues., and while he pro-
tects them they s<*iv<> him Hen5, again,1-. ifcipiocitv, and
a corre.-ponding. pi obablv consequent, success. Can Gov-
ernment vicariou-ly establish such 1 elation* with the In-
dians ? Tin; qiP'Hion is an embarrassing one, and I leave
its solution for abler heads."
If we were to pursue the subject, and go into
the history of the Oregon reservation, 1 think we
should find the experiment has not been more en-
couraging there. Under all these circumstances,
we thought it best not to break up the present
system, until something else can be offered as a
substitute; and I do not propose even to diminish
the appropriations; but merely to determine to
extend the system no further until we shall have
a further examination into its merits.
Mr. BRODER1CK. Mr. President, I am sorry
to hear from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance that no provision has been made for the
reduction of the Indian agents in California. I
have been informed that the money paid to the
agents amounts to more than is paid for keeping
the Indians m California.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
California, that the Secretary of the Interior cut
down the estimates of the agents very largely,
probably as far as it was safe to go under the cir-
cumstances, unless there be a system to substitute
for it. That was a matter into which the Finance
Committee could not go. We could not ascertain
what each asrent ought to have.
Mr. BR.ODERICK. It would be very easy for
the committee to have recommended the old sys-
tem of putting the Indians in charge of the officers
of the Army, and prevent the Government from
being robbed yearly out of hundreds of thousands
of dollars by the agents of the Government. The
Indians in the State of California have never de-
rived any benefit from the appropriations; the
agents have swallowed up all the money; and I
regret that some provision has not been made^to
correct this abuse; for it is a frightful abuse. The
Indians, as the gentleman who was sent out by
the Government says, in the summer season never
go on the reservations. It is only m the winter
season that they go there. The money appropri-
ated for their pKHection, and for the purpose of
keeping them, has been squandered by the agents; j
and if it is true that the agents, out of the money
expended by the Government, have received
more than has been spent for the protection of the
Indians, I thin^the system ought to be abolished.
I would favor the old system of putting the In-
dians in charge of the Army officers.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator has made a broad
charge here against the Indian agents in Califor-
nia. I wish he would specify by name one that
has robbed and plundered the Indians.
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not know any of
them, or scarcely any of them, by name. I state
again that the money of the Government has been
squandered in California. I do not know the In-
dian agents who have squandered it particularly,
because I never could find out their names. I have
heard, though, that they were made just before
the late election in every county, or at least in
all the mining counties in my State. Whether it
is so or not, I do not know. I may introduce a
resolution before the adjournment, for the pur-
pose of inquiring whether such men were em-
ployed or not. At this time I am not advised
about it.
Mr. G WIN. There are three Indian agents in
California; only three.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am speaking of the sub-
agents, men employed about the different reser-
vations for the purpose of guarding and protect-
ing the Indians.
Mr. GWIN. There are fi.ve sub-agents em-
ployed in California, and only five. The Senator
here makes charges against the agents, and then
when he is called upon to specify which of them
have squandered the public money, he says he
does not know their names. There are only three
of them; and then he names the sub-agents, and
there are only five of them. There are only three
agents and five sub-agents in the State.
Now, sir, in regard to the report that has come
in here, made by agontlernan who ninde a casual
visit through the country, 1 do not think it enti-
tled to any consideration at all. It is only the
mere opinion of an individual who has passed
through the country. If there has been any im-
proper appropriation of public money there, I
hope the Senator will introduce a resolution on.
that subject. These round charges against offi-
cers in that State of having improperly used tine
pubhc money, it is tunc to put a stop to. Asser-
tions of that sort ought to be followed with proofs.
If there has been any improper use of the public
money in that State, I should like to know it by
an investigation, and a proper investigation. I
should like to know what the Senator means by
putting these Indians under the protection of the
Army officers. 1 never heard of it before.
Mr. BRODERICK. I intended to substitute
the Army officers in California aa agents, in place
of the men who are now employed by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. GWIN. Have they ever been in that po-
sition ?
Mr. BRODERICK. I understood that, before
the present system was'adopted, the officers of
the Army had the management of Indians in the
Indian countries. I may be mistaken, but I was
so informed. The Senator from Mississippi can
state how the fact was.,
Mr. DAVIS. There have been agents and sub-
agents, I believe, from the time we commenced
intercourse with the Indian tribes; but the officers
of the Army were ex officio Indian agents at the
different posts, in the abscnce of the agent, thus
getting the control of the Indians, and I agree
with the Senator from California, [Mr. Broder-
ick;] I think they administered them better.
Mr. GWIN. That system was changed be-
fore California came into the Union. That sys-
tem was changed m 1849. It has never been in
operation in California. I do not pretend to make
an issue on the point tlfat it would not be better
for the whole Indian system to be restored to the
War Department, as it originally was. That is
a matter of policy. I am rather disposed to be-
lieve it would be better. I am inclined to think
the whole Indian system should be placed in con-
nection with the \Var Department, because, if
we have an Indian collision, the War Depart-
ment must attend to it, and the management of
the Indians probably could be conducted better
by it than by the Interior Department, which
was established in 1849. Hence, I agreed to the
resolution introduced by the chairman of the
Com-mittee on Finance, proposing an inquiry
whether or not the control o£ the Iodian^shc^tild;
not be restored to the War ijtepartmeat,
But the question now presented is, whethervor
not you will not devise a system to supplaiM-s.--
system that is now in operation, before you turn.-
these Indians out, without any proviaioft^at all
for them, to depredate upon the country and bring-
on Indian wars, and in that way create collisions
and produce claims on this Government that will
be infinitely.beyond anything that is proposed.tos
be appropriated. The appropriation for ray own
State in this bill is at such a low figure that it is
not necessary to inquire into it. It is only $50,000
for tire whole Indian service—only about eighty
cents for each Indian in the State. It is a very-
small sum. There cannot be much depredation
committed under that. I only speak on theques->
tion now with a view-of calling the attention of
the Senate and the country to the necessity of
providing a system to supply the place.of the res-y
ervation system; for if it be abandoned, there
must be some other. Either these Indians must
be exterminated by starvation oc war, or they
must be otherwise provided for.
Mr. WARD. I am not prepared to say how
far the charge made by the honorable Senator
from California (Mr. Broderick] will apply to
the agents in that State; but in justice to the agent
in Texas, I will say that instead of squandering
money, as has been charged upon those in Cali-
fornia, he has shown an unexpended balance,
thereby proving that he has not been disposed to.
use all the money that was placed in his hands,
lie holds this balance for subsequent expendi-
tures, and calls for an additional amount to carry
out the purposes intended.
Mi. BRODERICK. *1 said nothing about the
agents 111 Texas; 1 was speaking of the agents in
California. If the report of this gentleman who
was sent out by the Indian department is to be
believed, great frauds have been committed there.
1 do not know whether it is true or false; but if
true, this abuse should be corrected. 1 should not
have takers any notice of it if it had not been for
the remaik which fell from the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, who said they did not in-
tend to leduce the number of men now employed
by the Government in California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to-continue
this debate, but I would ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance who the gentleman is that
made this report, and whether he was sent as a
special agent for the purpose of collating facts m
order to make a report ?
Mr. IIUNTER. Yes; he was sent as special
agent, as 1 understand. He signs himself, " G.
Bailey, Special A^ent, Interior Department."
i\1j, lluUSTON. Ife is a very intelligent gen-
tleman, 1 know, and 1 have great confidence in
him; but what he savs cyroborates the very po-
| siuon I have taken. It strengthens it in this way:
he shows that the only Indians he saw who were
prosperous.and happy in that community were
protected byrancheros; they were protected, and
rendered fealty in return for that protection. If
the Government protects them, the Indians, know-
ing that the citizens belong to the Government,,
will respect the citizens on the frontier; they will
not depredate upon them. You must have some
way of approaching the Indians and connecting
them with our people It is through the medium
of the Government alone that this can be done.
Just so sure as this third reservation is not es-
tablished m Texas, so sure will the Indians com-
mence hostilities. They have been promised it.
It is said that it is proposed to wait" until next
year to see what to do. What time is to inter-
vene fiom the present period until your action
next year? Soon the spring will be upon us, the
very time when the Indians commence depredat-
ing; because the grass affords them an opportu-
nity of coming in with their horses, if they choose
to bring them. They can graze them along the
way. There is now 110 subsistence; they cannot
well travel; but in the spring, when the grass
grows up—and that will be as early as March in
that region—the Indians can travel and they can
make their incursions, or they can steal horses
and subsist them until they get them beyond pur-
suit.
Recollect here, that the springand summer and
fall, and next winter and spring, an entire year,
will elapse before Congress will have any time to
take action on it; arid then it would require sev-
