1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
past. I will not say another word. I am willing
the vote should be taken.
Mr. BliOMERlCK. I understand that the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is in favor
of this amendment, and I hope it will be acted on
before the adjournment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
the word " insurance" in the fortieth line. I be-
lieve the bill provides for the Government insur-
ing property.
Mr. HUNTER. We have to insure Indian
presents that go up the Missouri river to Fort
Benton, &c.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know who
we insured with ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is paid for out of the money
appropriated.
ivlr. SIMMONS. Do we insure with a common
insurance office ?
Mr. HUNTER. So I understand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to bring in a
resolution about it. This Government insure
with an individual! We ought to take the risk
ourselves, unless there is somebody worth more
than the Government. 1 do not care anything
about it, but it looks ridiculous for this Govern-
ment to he insuring goods.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been an old practice to
insure goods going to Indian tribes.
Mr. SIM MONS. It is time it was abolished.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe we" have sometimes
found the benefit of it. Those who have influ-
ence with them may have more power to provide
for the safe carnage than the Government itself,
unless the Senator would send an armed expedi-
tion. •
Mr. SIMMONS. I would never have the Gov-
ernment insure in this way. We might as well
insure our ships of war in a private insurance
office.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 31, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
WILLIAM HAZZARD WIGG.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a privileged question.
I moyc to teconsider the vote by winch the joint
resolution (S. No. 59) for the relief of William
The resolution was read. It provides that the
accounts of William Hazzard be reopened
at the Treasury Department; and if it be found
that J] ,500 was withheld from him in consequence
of a c erical error, that amount shall be paid out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. KEITT. I now withdraw the motion to
reconsider, and call the previous question on its
passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Were not the yeas
and nays ordered on Saturday on the passage of
tins resolution? My recollection is that they
were.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Me.-^rs Abbott, Adram, Ah], Anderson, An-
drew-, Atkins, Bonham, Btatich, Brum. Builmgame, Bur-
nett, Haiii;, (\if-e, Chaffer. John B. Clark, Clay, John Coch-
rane, Golf,ix, Comms, Corning, Covode, Cragin, James
Craig, Crawiord. Cuiry, Cum.-*. Davidson, Davis ot Miuy-
land, Davis Ma-.-aehu^ett-., Dawe ,
Dewait, Dim'-'!', Bdm, Hu-ii-, rioiertee. Foley, Foster,
Gam ell, Gilmer. Gooch.Cood^ in.Greenwood, Rob-
ert B. Mai], HarrK Ila-km, ilouuui, IlughtJaek^-on,
Owen Jones. Kum, Kcitt. IL-'Noiir, K< Hey, Kiigore, .John
C. Kuukcl, la idy, Loitoi, MeCtm en, Mcllae, Uayn.ud,
Montgomery, Motrill, Edward Jov Mom*, Fireman II.
Mos>.'. Nihlaek. Nichols, PeiUU William VV. Phelps. Ttic-
and, ILu—*-ii: Sandidgft, Savag.', Sencird. Aaron Shaw,
Sickles, Sin:iluloiu Samuel A Smith, Stalhvoti'i, Stephen-.,
Thavei ,Tuppe. Uiael Washburn, Watkms, White. White-
lev, W'lUon, Win-low, Woitenuyke, Augustus it. Wright,
arid Zollicoffer-—9^.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bliss, Brayton, Buffi nton,
Clawfton, Cobb, Oockerill, Davis of Indiana, Dodd, Fe.nton,
Giddmgs, Goode, Granger, Giow, Harlan, Hoard, Houston,
Jewett, George XV. Jones, Knapp, Lawrence, Leach,
Letcher, Lovejov, Maelay, Mattetson, Miller, Million. Mor-
gan, Isaac N. Mouia, Muira* , Ohn\ Palmer, Parker, Pen-
dleton, John S. Phelps, Phillips. Pottor, Pur viance, Reagan,
Royce, Rulfin, Scales. Henry M. Shaw, Stanton, William
Stewart. Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,
Wade,V\lall>ridge,Waldron, Walton,Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, and John V. Wright—57.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the vote
Mr. OHLMER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Vance, was confined to his room by sickness.
The vote having been announced, as above,
Mr. KEITT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider'on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWIN M. CHAFFEE.
Mr. EDIE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 348) for the relief of Edwin M.
Chaffee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that the
patent case?
Mr. EDIE. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. EDIE. I move that the rules be suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
rules will not be suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the bill
and report may be read, so that we may know
what we are voting upon.
The bill and report were read.
The bill grants to Edwin M. Chaffee, of the city
and county of Providence, in the State of Rhode
Island, for his sole and exclusive benefit, and for
the benefit of his heirs, administrators, and to
those to whom he may heroaftor assign the same,
for the term of seven years from the passage of
this act, the full and exclusive right and liberty
of making, constructing, using, and vending to
others to be used, his improvement m the appli-
cation of undissolved caoutchouc to cloth, leather,
and other articles, in coloring the same without
the aid of a solvent, and in the machinery used
in the process, for which letters patent were grant-
ed to Edwin M. Chaffee, on the 31st of Au-
gust, 183G, and which is described in the schedule
annexed to the letters patent; and it directs the
Commissioner of Patents to make a certificate of
such grant, in the name of Edwin M. Chaffee,
and to append an authenticated copy thereof to
a duly certified cony of the letters patent, and to
deliver the same to Edwin M., Chaffee, his ad-
ministrators or assigns, whenever the same shall
be requested by hirn or them.
It appears from the report that Edwin M. Chaf-
fee, pi lor to the 31st day of August, 183G, applied
for, and on that day obtained, fiom the Govern-
ment of the United States, letters patent for " an
improvement in the application of undissolved
caoutchouc to cloth, leather, and other articles, in
coloring the same without the aid of a solvent,
and m the machinery used in the process." The
patent expired in J850, and was renewed by the
Commissioner of Patents, under existing laws,
for the term of seven ycats, which term expired
during the year 1857. Application is now made
to Congress for an extension, by legislative en-
actment, for a further term of seven years.
The Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice state that it is satisfied that the improvement
made and claimed by the memorialist is an origin-
al invention; that he is the inventor thereof, and
that the invention is one of groat public utility.
By the introduction into general use of the im-
provement of the memoiiaiist, the manufacturers
of India-rubber goods are enabled to dispense with
the use of a solvent, an article altogether indis-
pensable until this improvement was made, and
thus save some fifty cents on every pound of crude
caoutchouc w#rked up into manufactured articles,
j; When the vast number of pounds of the raw ma-
te rial u^ed in the fabrication of India-rubber goods
is considered, it must be apparent that theihven-
tion enables tne manufacturer to produce his goods
ij at a vastly i educed pi ice to the consumer, and
ii thus both the producerand the purchaser ate gen-
'] erailv benefited, on account of the genius and
ii skill employed in the perfection of tins improve-
ll ment. The profits which have accrued to the me-
morialist have not, ifi the opinion-of the commit-
tee, been at all commensurate with the benefit he
has conferred upon the public-by his invention.
The memorialist exhibits an account ot all his
receipts for or on account of his improvement,
which account amounts in gross to the sum <*f
$22,500, and the same account exhibits disburse-
ments, compensation claimed for time expended,
and losses sustained, amounting to the sum of
$19,500, leaving to the memorialist the small pit-
tance of $3,900 as his whole remuneration for
years of toil spent in the perfection of an inven-
tion, which has enabled the manufacturer of India-
rubber goods to save thousands in the cost of pro-
ducing his goods, and the public, who buy the
goods, to save tens of thousands on account of the
reduction of price, brought about by dispensing
with the use of all solvents in the manufacture of
the fabrics. The committee think that no blame
should attach to the memorialist because he has
failed, up to this time, to reali2e a sufficient reward
for his invention. He was a poor man, surrounded
with difficulties, and unable, from his very pov-
erty, to take those energetic measures necessary
to secure to himself great pecuniary benefits from
his newly-invented process of grinding instead ot
dissolving the raw material used in the manufac-
ture of India-rubber goods. He did all that his
limited means permuted, and the result was an
insufficient remuneration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman a question: whether this pat-
ent has not already been renewed once ? whether
it has not been enjoyed foi twenty-one years ? and
whether the invention has not been devoted to
public use for the last year and a half?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For the last two
years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Also,whether
this hill does not propose to put our hands on pub-
he property and convert it into private property?
Besides, there is no saving clause in the bill.
Mr. EDIE. I answer the gentleman from Illi-
nois, that the report states all the facts in regaid
to this matter, with the exception of one. That
fact is connected with the remuneration of the in-
ventor. If the gentleman from Illinois will not
now interpose an objection to discussion, as he
did on a previous occasion,and will permit me, I
will state that other -factvfor the information of
the House. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should be
glad to have the gentleman state all the facts, and
1 should be glad to reply.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Debate is not in
order. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on suspending
the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negatiA^—yeas 86, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Me-?>i.«. Ahl, Andrews, Bennett, Drayton, Bur-
liwrame. Hum-, Cavanangh, Chaffee, Ezra Ciaik, John B.
Ciaik, Cotil). Coelcnll, Covode, Cragin, Jame^ Cong, Cur-
ti<« DavuKon. Dave* ot Maryland, Davis ol Massachusetts,
Dean, Dow.irt, Dick, Durtee, Edie, Florence, Oilman. Gil-
mer, Goodwin, Gi anger. Gieenwood, Gregg, Robeit B. Hall,
Han i1-. Hatch, Howard. Hughes, Kei'm, Keitt, Ko[;-«cy, John
O. Kunkcl. JjfMch. Leidy, Leiter, Letche.r, Maclay. Itum-
phiev Mai shall, Ma on. Matte^on, Mile*-. Million, Mont-
gomery. Motriil, Edward Joy Mori is, Oliver A. Mor>e, Nib-
l.iek. NiehoK, Parker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Pdce,
Pottei, Put viance, Rio.tud. Rob"! t-, Royce, Soaring- Aaron
Shaw. Shoiter. Stallworth, Stephens James A, Stewart,
Wdham Stewart, George Ta\lor, Thaver, Tompkins,
Tnppu, VValbndge. Waldion, Walton, Ward, Watkins>,
Whitf, Wlntrley, Wiis.on. Wood, and Woodson—B6.
NAY'S—Mos'-2> Abbott. Adram, Anderson. Amok), At-
km-\ Shuiwlale. Bnrij Hinyham, Ilishop, Bins, Brjan,
| Bullituon. Ca^kie, Chapman, dawson, Clay. John Corh-
tane. Collax. (Join in-., Corning. Cox, Burton Craisre. Cravv-
fotd, Cmiy, Davi- of Indiana. Davi< of Mis-*H-tppi. Dawes,
i Do.id, Dowd'dl, Enyh-di, Tai.-tiSj Koloy, Toiler. Oatttrll,
1 Gukhtsg-v, Clinch. Goode, Ilailan. ila^kin, Hoard, Hodges,
Hopkins, lion-ton. Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones,
1 Kellogg, Kilgoio, Knapp, Lawrence, X^ovejo^, MeCiueon,
, MeKar. i-atsmoi r-. Marshall, Miller, Moore, Morgan,
iV. Morns, Mutrav, Ohn. Palmer, Pendleton, Peyton, John
S Phelps Pottle, Reagan, Robbing Kiitl'm, tfamlidsfi,
Scale-, ilenrv M. Shaw, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, pinner, Stanton, Thompson, Vallandigham,
Wade, Cadwalader C. Wa-hhum, Ellihu B. Wa-hbume,
l-.a< 1 Wa-'ir.min, Woitendyke, John V. Wnght, and Zol-
JicofFer—83.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
; rules were not suspended.
> Dining the vote,
[ Mr. MA YNARD stated that if he had been in
' the Half when his name was called, he would
I have voted " ay."
I The vote was then announced as above.
