80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Protective and Free-Trade Tariffs Contrasted—Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Reps.
The other occurred within the low tariff period,
which ended with the great convulsion of 1838;
I mean the year 1834. Well, sir, the disturbance
of 1825 was attended by an excess of imports of
$20,000,000 per year, for four years, compared
with 1821. The disturbance of 1834 was aggra-
vated by financial difficulties throughout the coun-
try, but it .was preceded for three years by an
average annual excess of imports of $30,000,000,
compared with 1831. An average addition to im-
ports of |34,000,000 above 1834, for three years,
brought us to the convulsion of 1838; and an ad-
dition of more than seventy millions a year on
the.average of the term since 1850, gave us the
convulsionof 1857-58.
Mr. Chairman, in view of all the evidence, so
strong at every point, that the periodical stric-
tures in the Treasury, and the periodical bank-
ruptcy of the country, are due primarily to excess-
ive expenditures, and excessive consumption of
foreign products to the exclusion of our own, I
ask, what is the true remedy? My answer is,
reduce your expenses; reform your revenue system;
discourage excessive imports; and encourage domestic
production. All appliances, short of these, will
utterly fail of reaching the disease. A bankrupt
law for the banks, suggested by the President,
will hardly replenish an exhausted Treasury or
restrain imports. A merely temporary increase
of duties, under the present free-trade system, as
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury,
even though the increase be large, will only post-
pone, for a brief season,the recurrence of another
terrible convulsion. It took but four years of ex-
cessive imports to bring the convulsion of 1818;
but four years for the disturbance of 1895 and but
three years for that of 1834; but four years for the
convulsion of 1838; and but seven years for the
terrible convulsion of 1857-58. The Secretary is
unwilling to go so high as the rates of the tariff of
1846; ana yet the overwhelming convulsion, that
has not yet subsided, is mainly due to the tariff
ofl846. Again: a reduction of expenses alone, as
much as we need, and as heartily as I will go for
it, will not meet all the necessities of the case.
Still, again: adopt the recommendation in which
two or thiee free-trade Democrats and two free-
trade Republicans of this House united last year—
I moan an abandonment of the protective policy, a
repeal of the navigation laws, and the adoption of
direct taxation—and you will but aggravate exist-
ing evils. Xsuggest but one point: divide your last
year's expenses (§81,000,000) by the number of
congressional districts, and the tax for each would
exceed three hundred and forty thousand dollars;
over a million per annum for Vermont; about
four and a half million for Virginia; over eleven
million for New YorkSuch a specie tax, in a
convulsion like that of 1858, would do, 1 think,
as "the last straw that breaks the camel's back."
But even more impracticable and absurd, I fear,
as a revenue measure, and quite as fatal in stim-
ulating foreign to the exclusion of domestic prod-
ucts, would be the system advanced by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury,and indorsedin this Hall
by a distinguished member from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson;] I mean "taxing, in preference to oth-
ers, such articles as are not produced in this
country; and, among articles produced here, those
in which the home product bears the least pro-
portion to the quantity imported." Sir, as a
revenue measure, it seems to me that this sub-
stitution of the free list for taxation in place of
the dutiable list would be absurd. It is very cer-
tain that the revenue, under such a system, must
come from silks, tea, and coffee, with drugs that
nobody needs, and dye-stuffs that nobody would
use; for, if England and France are to furnish
our manufactures, we shall turn over to them the
dye-stuffs. Well, sir, the free list of 1858, ex-
cluding specie and deducting articles reexported,
was $55,000,000. Add silks $33,000,000, and the
sum of $20,000,000 for articles which are some-
what like our own, and we shall have less than
one hundred millions as the sum on which to im-
pose duties—or less than half the dutiable list of
1858. This system, then, must be liberally en-
larged, so as to impose duties on articles compet-
ing with our o wn; or else we must have the highest
rate of duties ever known—full double the exist-
ing rates—as a tax upon articles that we do not
produce. Why, sir, if such duties were imposed
on competing articles, they would be stigmatized
at once as exorbitantly protective or prohibitory.
When applied to articles that we do not produce,
and especially to exotics not absolutely necessary,
it is clear that such duties would be so far pro-
hibitory as materially to reduce imports of that,
class. As a revenue measure, then, we have rea-
sons to suspect that this plan of the Secretary,
like the estimates for 1858, would prove to be a
magnificent mistake.
As to importations, it is obvious that this enor-
mous tax, levied upon articles that do not com-
pete with our own, would operate as a bounty
upon articles that do compete with our own, and
thus excessively stimulate that most potent cause
for periodical and ruinous convulsions, the con-
sumption of foreign products instead of our own,
to the loss of the profit of manufacture and the
cost of transportation, and to a ruinous reduction
of our specie capital. Clearly, I think, we must
set aside each and all of these schemes, as being
either utterly inefficient or utterly impracticable.
What then? In my opinion, we must strike
straight at the roots of the disease. If we would
relieve the country, and stop the ruinous effects
of excessive importations, we must turn the flood.
How? Not, I think, by very high duties, which
would be temptations to fraud, but by a moderate
increase in the rate; by discriminations in favor
of domestic products, and by the most perfect
guards against evasions and frauds. Sir, I am
happy to say that the President has gone far in
the right direction, in his recommendation of an
"increase of revenue," " incidental protection,"
and " specific duties." With the addition of an
honest system of valuation as to articles taxed by
value, and an honest custom-house force, true to
the Treasury, to their country, and to the law,
there would be little left to be desired. With the
other changes, a very moderate increase of duties
will probably suffice; and to justify this opinion,
I will contrast the effects of the tariff of 1842 and
1846.
I have spoken of the tariff of 1842 as a high
tariff; and yet it was so, only in comparison with
the lower duties that preceded and followed it.
Compared with the tariff of 1S28, it was decidedly
low. It is a remarkable fact that the rate of duties
on goods imported under the tariff of 1842, (that
is, the amount of revenue from all imports,) was
only five per cent, higher than that under the tariff
of 1846; and yet, sir, the tariff of 1842 gave us
next to the lowest consumption of foreign goods
per head of population ever known in this coun-
try, while the tariff of 1846 gave us the highest
ever known since 1818. The tax upon the people
for Government was not so high by sixty-three
per cent, under the act of 1842, as under that of
1846. Nay, more: I maintain that the tariff of
1842 was superior, also, as a revenue measure. I
mean by a superior revenue tariff, that which,
with other ordinary means, loans excepted, will
nearest meet the ordinary expenses, including a
fair reduction of the public debt. I say, " nearest
meet," without extreme variations in either direc-
tion. I have excluded the year 1858 from the cal-
culation on the tariff of 1846, on account of the
extraordinary war expenses.
The revenue from all sources, (loans excepted.) under the
tariff of 1842, from June 30,1843, to June 30.1S46. three
years, was  $88,962,539 42
Expenses, exclusive of public debt  68,963,937 11
Surplus of revenue over ordinary expenses, $19,998,582 31
Paul on the public debt  22,800,765 35
Deficiency of revenue to meet all expenses, $2,802,183 04 i
Or, $934,061 01 per year.
Under the tariff of 1846, from June 30, 1848, to June 30,
1851, three year?, the revenue, (exclusive of loans,)
was $126,869,005 71
Expenses, exclusive of public debt  121,149,482 18
Surplus of revenue over ordinary expenses, $5,719,523 53
Paid on public debt   28,317,763 13
Deficiency of revenue  $22,598,239 60
Or, $7,532,746 53 per year.
The excess of annual average payments on the
public debt in the last term, over the first, was !
$1,838,999; but the annual excess of deficien- !'
cy was $6,597,685 42; showing a difference of i
$4,758,686 23 per year in favor of the tariff of
184*2 as a revenue measure. In the years succeed-
ing 1851, to 1857, under the tariff* of 1846, when
the peculiar low-tariff vice of stimulating foreign
importations had been fully developed, the rev-
enue was in excess of all expenditures. This
excess of revenue stimulated excess in expendi-
ture, till both of these vices received their terrible
penalty in the crash of business and the collapse
of the Treasury, in 1858.
Sir, these examples unerringly mark the meas-
ures of reform required by the necessities of the
country. 1 repeat it: let us have a reduction of
expenses. The Secretary of the Treasury sug-
gested it, and herein he is right. Let it be thorough
in the excision of old abuses. Let it be stem in
the resistance of new extravagances. I would
forego Cuba, and all other schemes of annexa-
tion. If ever to be ours by the decree of " manifest
destiny," let us wait for more " manifest" signs of
an impending Providence than the utter unwill-
ingness of Cuba to come, and our utter unpre-
paredness to woo her or to win. If ever to be
ours by necessity for defense, then let us wait
till necessity makes her demand; we can better
take her when we need, than keep her for a doubt-
ful occasion. When another war with a great
marine Power shall come, unquestionably there
will be a necessity for immense additions to our
forces; but I am sure it would not be wise, this
year, to call the militia of the country into the
field, or convert into war-ships our magnificent
but crumbling commercial marine. Yes, sir, let
us forego Cuba; I think it will be cheaper to pay
a round price for her sugar, than such a " plum
as the annual interest on a debt of two or three
hundred millions forconquest or purchase; count-
ing as nothing the vexation and cost of so vicious
a black colt in the Federal team. I would post-
pone, too, a Pacific railroad, at least until the
Government is able to guaranty the cost of run-
ning it when built; for I Rave a strong suspicion
that we can easier get that elephant than support
him—easier build the road than run it.
Thus, sir, let us stop the leaks in your Treas-
ury, little and great; bar out the thieves who rob
it in extortionate and fraudulent contracts, and cut
off those pensioners of party who exhaust it by
salaries without service; those masculine prosti-
tutes, who corrupt themselves for factions, and
forageon the public money. All this, and more, to
relieve the Treasury; and then, sir, for relief—re-
lief to the nation, to all the people, all its busi-
ness, all its material interests, we must quit the
revenue system that favors all countries but our
own, and restore the system that will give to
our own a fair chance upon our own soil. The
Secretary of the Treasury recommends a slight
increase of duties; put them in the right place,
and so far he would be right. The President rec-
ommends" specific duties"and " incidental pro-
tection;" and therein the President is right. Let
us heartily agree with both President and Secre-
tary just so far as they are right. Let us agree to
specific duties and a moderate increase, so far as is
practicable; and to all this add an arrangement of
duties with the view of giving to our own people,
our own labor, our own capital, our own skill,
and our own products, a fair chance on our own
soil. Less than this is to give the advantage to
all other lands, whose capital or resources are
more abundant, or whose labor is less rewarded,
than our own. In a word, we must restore, very
nearly, the tariff of 1842; not in all its details or
duties, for doubtless some of them are not adapted
to the time, but in its essential principles. Then,
sir, with an Executive force to carry out this pol-
icy in good faith, by all the testimony of history,
with all the guarantees of official facts, I say, we
may safely count upon moderate expenses;a mod-
erate and steady supply of revenue; moderate im-
portations; large domestic production and exports;
asteadilyincreasingcapital;accumulatingstre gth
and perfect independence; and, with all these, and
because of all these, an exemption from those
terrible "convulsions" that have periodically
" crushed" the country, without a single excep-
tion, Whenever the opposite policy has been fairly
tested. These, sir, are the conclusions, the fair
and legitimate conclusions, from the logic offacts.
And now, I ask, why not restore this system?
