1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
35th Cong....2d Sess. Protective and Free-Trade Tariffs Contrasted—Mr. Waldron.
Ho. of Reps.
i
It is "protective," says an objector. Sir, in the :
sense sometimes given to the word "protection '
—that is, very high, or prohibitory duties—this ;
objection is not true. I ask no monopoly for do- s
mestic production; no prohibition of foreign im-
portations; but I do ask precisely this: a system J
of revenue which shall give the home market to j
American productions, at a fair price to the con-
sumer, and a fair profit to the producer. A.nd ,
this, I maintain, is precisely within, and only |
this is within, the very words of the Constitution, :
which we aie bound to maintain—to wit: " Du- i
ties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and .
provide for the common defense and general wel- I
fare of the United States." This is, indeed, pro- i
tection, and the identical protection designed by i
the Constitution. Give the country this, and its j
course shall forever be onward and upward ! |
Deny to the country this, and she shall reel to ;
and fro, as a drunken man—through inane ela- j
lions and real " convulsions—in all the false glory .
T imaginary riches, and in all the sorrows of j
real distress. j
But the "science of the world has abandoned j
the protective system,"said the gentleman from (
Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] some days ago. Wett,
sir, whether the gentleman be mistaken or not, it
is hardly worth white to argue the point. If he is \
wrong, it is not the first time that "science" has I
been ^'falsely so called;" and if he is right, it is j
not the first time that "science" has proved too t
weak for collision with the sober facts and the |
sturdy common sense that control the practice of ■
mankind, I will give high authority, which surely 1
will comme-nd itself to tiie classic taste, if not to j
the sharp judgment, of the gentleman trom Vir- ;
gima. The poet Spenser defended the "cloudily ;
enwrapped allegorical devices" of his immortal
poem, "the Faerie GLueena,"'on the ground that ,
everything else m his day was measured by prac- i
tical common sense. Fie Reserved the cloudy and
the fanciful for poetry; and I most cheerfully re- |
sign them to those ingenious, but too often delu- j
sive, theories of ftee tiade, which ate the very j
poetry of politics. I
In his letter to Sir Walter Raleigh, explaining {
and defending the method of his poem, Spenser j
wrote:- [
"To some I know tins method will seem di^pleasant, j
which had lather have good discipline dehveit-d plainly in j
way of precepts, oi hermoncd at large, as they ut>e,th;ui tlms> ,
cloudily enwrapped in alh'goneal devices. i'utMich.me
seem, should be satisfied with the use ofthe-o d.iy-.-ocm# |
all things accounted bv their s.ho\v-s. and nothing esteemed i
of. that is not deii^lului and pleasiu? to common sense. '
For this cau^e it Xenophon pu*tened betoie Piato, for tlint
the one, in the evjuiMie depth of iu  judgment. touned a
common wealth, such as it thou Id he ; hut the oihei, in the
peifOn ot Cyiu&anrt t)ip iViMans.ia-lmmcd a government
bueh as might Iwt be: so much inorti piofitablo andgia-
cious is doctune hy example than bv rule."
Now, sir, I appeal from the " doctrine by rule "
to the " doctrine by example;" and from the " sci-
ence of the world " to that higher natural law, in-
scribed by Him by whom the world was made,
"upon tables of stone" in all our mountains,
written on all our fields, and reflected in every
drop that flows from the mountains to the sea.
Why do we find, m all the lugged mountains of
the land, the ore within their bowels, and side by
side the coal, or on their brows the wood, to purge
it'of its dross ? why down their jagged sides plunge
streams to turn the busy mill-wheel, and all be-
tween the fleecy sheep and sturdy oxen crop: why
mighty rivers mark the vale, and all the vales in-
vite to toil, if from the iron we shall not have the
plow, and with the plow and the ox we shall not
break up the soil and bring out " meat for man;"
if with the fleece and the mill we shall not clothe
him; and with the rivers water all the fields, and
bear their fruitage where we will?
Why this nice adjustment of every necessary
thing to its fellow, of all to man, and to man in
every condition of place or climate—the wool to
'the frigid North, anjJ the cotton to the sunny
South? I take it there is a meaning in all this
"eternal fitness of things." I take it that all these
things are to be used; that the people of this coun-
try are here for the very purpose of using them;
and that every policy of Government, which neg-
lects these natural lesources and this natural law,
most impiously flics in the very face of a man-
ifest Providence, and flouts the plainest dictates
of patriotism and common sense. Sir, I am a
New Series.—No. 6.
poorChristian, and by political affiliation lam no
" American " at all, but I hold religiously to the
doctrine of "America for Americans," and of the
American Government for the American people—
first, foremost, and forever. If, by moderate du-
j ties, to check excessive foreign importations, to
give a preference to the products of our own cit-
} lzens in our own markets, and to protect the
! country from convulsions that periodically shake
! it. to its center and cover it with the ruins of its own
j magnificent material interests; I say, if this makes
; me a protectionist, I will gladly bear the name.
; It is just the protection which every Government
owes to its subjects; and precisely the protection
provided for the people of tins land in the Fed-
eral Constitution.
Mr. Chairman, there is but one other objection,
now occurring to me, that is worthy of notice;
. and that comes with the authority of the Secre-
tary of the Treesury, and the indorsement of
' the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.] It
"is, that duties upon foreign articles corresponding
to home products, are taxes, not only upon the
foreign product, but also " on the quantity made
at home;" and the latter are paid " not lo the
Treasury, but to the manufacturer; thereby ren-
dering such a duty not only more burdensome,
i but grossly unequal, the home producer being
i benefited at the expense of the consumer." On
| this objection, so strongly and plainly put, I have
! but three remarks to make.
| The first is, that the amount of the tax paid by
| the consumers to the Government, is not to be
; measured by the rate of duty imposed on partic-
j ular articles, but by the total amount exacted on
| the total amount consumed. Though the rate of
> duty be high, the amountconsumed may, for that
1 very reason, be so small, -that the tax actually
paid will be far smaller than it \touId have been
, with a lower rate and the consequent larger amount ,
I consumed. Thus, if the duty amounts to prohi- j
(! bition, there will be no tax, because there will be [
|j no goods imported and consumed; or, if the duty 1
ii is so high as to reduce the imports disproportion- \
I! ately with the increase of duty, the tax will be i
|l reduced. And the stubborn fact is, as I have be- I
j: fore shown, that every high tariff has given the j
j| consumerlow taxes, and every low tariff has given ;
j him high taxes. As a tax, therofoie, the high i
j rate is the cheapest for the consumer. j
i,I The next remark is, that the theory of the
!! Secretary, that the duty "enhances the vnlue" j
j! of the home product, and to that extent taxes the \
|j consumer for the benefit of the manufacturer, is j
only true and only objectionable, when the duty
| is limited to manufactures alone, or is grossly par- j
:: tial. Just extend it to all products—of the soil,
j! of the workshop, of the head, and of the hand—
|! and this theory of the Secretary constitutes the I
!| chief glory of the protective policy. It"en-i
!: hancfs the value of-all," most truly said the Sec-
retary. Thus it adds immensely to the value of
I: labor and products and capital; to the wealth,
strength, and prosperity of the nation; giving it
j complete independence of the world, potency in
war, security m peace, and a more universal and |
'' rapid advance of its people in knowledge, arts,
j civilization and'religion.
Now, if we are to call this " enhanced value"
!: of all our products by the odious word " tax," I
[ beg to know who are taxed ? The Secretary says
the consumers. And who receive the benefit' The
Secretary says the pioducers. Then it follows
' inevitably, that, if we produce more than wecon-
i! sume, this enhanced value of products is a bounty,
| and not a " tax." Now, sir, 1 give you another
|j " stubborn fact" to solve this question. We do
" produce more than we consume. McCulloch (an
j exponent of free-trade " science,") estimated " the
average annual income of the people of Great Unt-
il ain, for 18-16, at from eighteen to nineteen pounds
| each, or at .£92 10s. at a medium for every family
|l of five persons;" and even for poor and oppressed
I! Ireland, he put the annual income at " i'7 7s. or
|| £7 10s. each, at an average of the population."
[i (McCulloch's British Empire, vol. 2, p. 526.) To
jj put a Yankee at a single figure less than an Eng-
!' hshman would be unjust to Yankee industry and
| j thrift, and a dangerous insult to a pugnacious race.
, I Remembet mg the superior resources of our soil
j! and the infinitely greater breadth under the do-
I minion of every man, I am sure that the average
income, or excess of produefover consumption,
is far larger in the United States than in Great
Britain; But to be reasonable, I will assume it to
be as near the British rule as round numbers will
permit. The average British rate, (c£18 JOs per
head,) would give us about ninety dollars; let us
call it one hundred dollars, to every person. Well,
sir, every man must pjy the enhanced value of
every article he consumes, and receive the en-
hanced value of all that he produces. So says the
Secretary, and he is entirely right. Then, when
we have balanced the account between production
and consumption, every body receives, as clear
gain, just exactly the " enhanced value" of what
he produces moie than he consumes. What is
the sum ? The average balance in favor of pro-
duction is $100 per head of population.
The Secretary estimates the " enhanced value
on the quantity made at home," to be equal to
" the whole sum. taken from the consumer" on
the quantity imported. That sum, under the tariff
of 1842, was twenty-five'and seven tenthspercent,
on the entire amount of imports. Let us call it
twenty-five per cent. Tlien, it is twenty-five dol-
lais to every person in the United Slates. How
much to the country? The Secretary estimates
the population for 1858 to be twenty-nine and one
half millions; multiply that sum by twenty-five
and you will find the " enhanced value," under
the protective duties of 1842, of the surplus prod-
uct of the country, after paying the " enhanced
value" of products consumed. It is the very
handsome sum of $737,500,000.
Sir, I think the Secretary must have been joljing
when he called this immense gain to the country
a " tax." Surely it is a pleasing pain, that any
country can afford to bear. I think the sum is
rather large; but I have fairly worked out the
theory of Uie Secretary. I think his theory is
wrong, in that it assumes that the duty is the ex-
act measure of the tax to the consumer and the
benefit to the domestic producer. It would be so
when the duty is levied upon articles that do not
compete with our own; but when applied to arti-
cles that do compete with our own, the competi-
tion between our own producers and between
them and the foreign producers, will vary the final
result. Still, it is undoubtedly true that duties
upon articles competing with our own do " en-
hance the value of the quantity made at home;"
and if to this you add the enhanced value growing
out of a greater variety of domestic productions,
with the consequent increased value of raw mate-
rial and labor; and still, to all that, add tJie en-
hanced quantity produced by the country, 1 have
no doubt that the total absolute gain in wealth,
through such a tariff as that of 1842, was even
more than seven hundred and thirty-seven and a
half million dollars.
But this is " burdensome," says the Secretary.
Well, sir, $700,000,000 is a pretty heavy burden
to carry; but then it is ours; it belongs to the
hard-handed laborers, the sinewy farmers, the
thrifty and the strong, and 1 think they will con-
trive to manage it. Again, sir: tlje Secretary tells
us that it is " grossly unjust." Let us see. De
Bow's Compendium of the Census of 1850 (p.
126) tells us that three fourths of the people of
the country are producers—the people who pro-
duce more than they consume, and therefore re-
ceive this enhanced value of products. Is it
" grossly unjust" that they should have it? Why,
sir, it is but the enhanced value of their own prod-
ucts; and to deny it to them, or to cut it <^ff by
fiee-trade tariffs, would be the real injustice and
superlative folly.
And what as to the other fourth of the people
—the non-producers ? Is it " grossly unjust" to
deny tliem their share ? They have earned none
of it, and deserve none of it. Ay, and that they
have not, is their own fault, or their own misfor-
tune, and not the fault of the tariff, or of their
more industrious neighbors. If this is unjust,
then is thatDivine ordinance unjust, which founds
all right to property on " the sweat of the brow."
Sir, 1 think it but right and just—most clearly
ri ht, most indubitably just—that the drones of
the hive, and the reckless prodigals, " who waste
their substance in riotous living," shall not rob
hardy laborand honest thrift of their due reward.
The third remark I have to make is, that if so
vast is the gain to the country, by the " en-
