1859.
THE ,0ONaRESSiONAL, GL05E.
York, by the Government, for fortification purposes, in
1857, be, and the sameis, hereby, madG'tttespe'cial order for
the third Thursday for February next:
Mr. WINSLOW objected."
Mr. HASKIN moved to suspend the rules, and
asked for the yeas and pays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays Were ordered.
The^qu'estion-was .fek.ehiandit wasdecided in
the negative—yeas 121, nays'64; as follows:
■Y3EJAS—Messrs. Abbott,- Adra.in., Andrews, Bennett,
Billitighurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton,
.RurJ.ingame, Barns, Burroughs, Case, Caskie, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Ol^rk, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Comms, Coming, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, DaviV
of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
i>aviso"iIowa, Dawes, Dean, De\vart,Dick, Dodd, Durfeo,
Bdmuml«on, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Foster,Gamett,
Guiding*, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Graneer,
Grow, Harlan, Harris, Haskm, Hatch, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Hodges, Hopkins, Norton, Howatd, Kcim, Kellogg,
£elaey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C Kunkel, Leach, Loiter,
Letcher, Lovejoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynaid, Mont-
gomery, Moigan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N.
Morris, Freeman .H. Morse, Oliver A. Mor«e, Murray,
Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Parker. Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottlu,
Powell, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud, Robbing, Robert?,
Royce, Aaron Shaw. John Sherman, Sickles, Robert Smith,
William Smith, Spmner, Stalhvorth, Stanton. William
Stewait, Tappan, George Taylor. Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Vallandighain, Wade,
Walbrulge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn,
Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
Wood—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Baiksdale, Barr,
Bonham, Boycc, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Cock-
eriil, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curiy,
Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Elhott, English,
JEustis, Foley, Gartrell, Goode, Gregg, Lawience W. Hall,
Hawkins, Ifouston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Lawrence, Maclay, McQueen, McRae,
Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Niblack, Peyton. John S.
Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Reagan, Ruffiti, Rus-
sell, Savage, Scott, Searing, Sewaid, llenry M. Shaw,
Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, St';venson, Janice A. Stew-
art, Miles Taylor, Wm low, Augustus R. Wright, and John
V. Wright—64.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVlbSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sandidge, was detained from the House Jin con-
sequence of indisposition.
Mr. BURNETT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Talbot, was confined to his room by indispo-
sition.
Mr. ROYCE stated that Mr. Farnsworth was
detained at his room by indisposition.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. 1 will state that my object is
to take up one of the general appropriation bills,
and then have an evening session.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 99, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Barksdale in the chair.)
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
committee take up House bill (No. 711) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, I860.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This bill is a
very long one, covering thirty-five or thirty-six
pages. X ask that the first reading be dispensed
■with.
There being no objection, the first reading was
dispensed with.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now move that
the committee rise; saying that, as several gentle-
men have intimated to me that they wish to speak
to-night, I shall immediately move to go into
committee, for the purpose of taking up the Pres-
ident's annual message.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 desire to speak to the merits
• of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask for the
question upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to o'eder, had the Union
generally under, consideration, $nd • particularly
the legislative, executive* and judicial appropria-
tion-bill, and had come tojiq ©onclusior**hereon.
" Mr. PHELPS, ofr Missouri.' .1 move,that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of thfc Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on .the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
bale in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the President's annual message.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. CLAY, who moved that the committee
take a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
Mr. STEW ART, of Maryland, demanded tell-
ers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Clay and
ICelsey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 95, noes 44.
So the motion was agreed to; and the commit-
tee thereupon (at twenty minutes before four
o'clock) took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock, p.
m., (Mr. Burnett m the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the President's annual message,
on which the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] was entitled to the floor.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Chairman,
several weeks ago 1 offered to this House a reso-
lution which made it the duty of the President to
take possession of the Island of Cuba, and retain
it until ceitain debts due to us from Spain were
paid, and ccrtain unsettled causes of complaint
were adjusted by her.
This island is the property of Spain, and, like
the private property of her citizens, is the sub-
ject of reprisals. This resolution is not a dec-
laration of war against Spain; it does not even
approximate war by being general; it has the
technical restriction of speciality. The resolution
is restricted and limited to a specific article, and
that the property of the Government of Spain,
and not her citizens. This, as a national right,
has never been denied in any age of the world,
and has never been regarded as amounting to a
declaration of war. It is regarded as a species of
retaliation; and is the only mode, short of war,
to which a nation can resort to coerce justice.
By the law of nations, you may make reprisals,
not only for the acts of the sovereign, but also
for those of his subjects. The causes of com-
plaint against Spain, foi: the redress of which I
propose this remedy, are the acts of the Govern-
ment itself, and not her private citizens; and are,
therefore, the more aggravated. Should we take
possession of the island, we simply retain it until
negotiation accommodates all causes of complaint
between the two Governments; in which, of
course, will be embraced the expense to this Gov-
ernment of seizing the island. I confess, sir,
Spam may make it the cause of war; but if she
does, it will be her act, and she will be respons-
ible for the consequences. This iesolution only
proposes to do unto her as she has done to us.
She has taken our property, and I propose to ap-
ply to her the rule lex talionis.
Mr. Chairman, my resolution proposes to ap-
ply to Spain the mildest remedy ajlowed us by
the law of nations, after the failure of negotia-
tion. Has negotiation failed ? I insist that it has.
The debt of $128,635 54 has been ascertained by
negotiation, and a promise to pay it has been
made by Spain. More than four years have
!j elapsed since thzit promise, and now she proposes
I to pay us the sum of $43,878 41, without interest,
and this as a " special favor." This claim has
passed beyond the limits and objects of negotia-
tion; and, consequently, must be controlled by
\ some other jurisdiction. It is now the subject
| of the direct action of the Government, through
I Congress. What can we do with it under the
I authority of the law of nations? We can make
i reprisals, or we can make it the cause of war. Re-
prisal being authorized by the law of nation^,
and peaceful in its ngture* I' Have >propos.ed:fit
rather than war. But, sir,."we may yse^iis^rem-
edy, being peaceful, for another ,bfrj$%ftlia4.,%*
to hasten-negotiation. The President
" Spanish officials, under the direetcomsbl of the Captain
General of Cuba, have insulted our nauona);flag, a^cd i^ Re-
peated instances have, from time to uine, iiifisctcd /juries
on the persons and property of our citizens.* 'Pliese have
given birth to numerous claims against the Spanish Govern-
ment,the,merits of which have been ably discussed fo? a-.se-
rie&of "yeafrs by our successive diplomatic representatives.
Notwithstanding this, we have not arrived alt a practical
result in any single instance, unless we may except-Che
case under the late Administration ; -and that presented
outrage of such a character as would have justified an imme-
diate resort to war. All our attempts to obtain redress have
been baffled and defeated* The freqtreiit and oft-recuVritfg
change in the Spanish ministry have been erttployed^as a
reason for delay." - .
Now, sir, the law of nations makes -delay pro-
duced by pretenses as much the cause forreprisals
and war as a positive denial. - In this latter class
of grievances the law proceeds upon the dotttrine
of lex talionis, and authorizes us to take as much
of the property of the Spanish Government as
they have of ours, and retain it until diplomacy
ends the controversy. It is used as a means of
hastening the settlement of grievances. The law
of nations requires that before you make reprisals,
notice shall be given; and, that 1 might keep my
resolution within its requirements, it directed that
six months' notice shall be given; and this, I think,
is quite enough. -
Now, sir, it will be seen at once that I do not
propose or desire war with Spain, but only intend
that the President shall be authorized and re-
quired to resort to the only remedy afforded by
tlie law of nations to obtain for our people justice
for injuries done to them and their property.
This right we cannot withhold from them. To
enforce their rightful claims against other nations
is a duty due to our people, and it grows out of
the reciprocal relations of protection and allegi-
ance. I admit thatagraver proposition was never
submitted to the .deliberation of a national coun-
cil than war, and cannot be; yet the wisdom of
ages has sustained it as a necessary evil,and has
recommended it even as the best guarantee of
national immunity, and the only means for the
preservation of national honor. We might well
exercise *t instantly, because we have ample
cause for it; and the reason I did not recommend
it was, we had still left the peaceful remedy I
have proposed.
The law of nations gives two causes for offen-
sive war; both of which exist in our favor in our
relations with Spain; and if we were to-day to de-
clare it, we would be sustained by the moral sen-
timent of mankind. The propriety of the exer-
cise of this right is fully understood by both
England and Prance, as their Jiast history shows,
and I hesitate not to give it as my deliberate opin-
ion that, for half the cause of complaint we have
against Spain, either of these nations would make
war at once, instead of resorting to the peaceful
remedy proposed by the resolution. The rule is:
" The riglit of employing force, or making war, belongs
to nations no further than id ncecssary for their own de-
fense, and for the maintenance of thcir'rights. Now, if any
one attacks a nation, or violates her property rights, he does
her an injury. Thou, and not till then, ha-, she a right to
repel the ajrgre-sor. and reduce him to reason. Ftirthor,she
has the light to repel the injury when she suspects herself
threatened with it."
Further:
"The life of Government i* like that of men ; the latter
have the nght to kill in cast; of natuidl defense j the former
has the riglit to wage war for its own preservation."
The law of nations points out three objects of
lawful war; two only of which will I consider in
my argument to-day, both of which I shall be
able by the testimony to show the existence of.
The first cause is, " to recover what belongs,
or is due us."
Now, sir, the first evidence I shall offer in sup-
port of this le^al rule, is, the debt of $128,635 54.
It can be haidly necessary for me to show that
it is founded in justice. It originated m the un-
just and unlawful enactions of dutws from Amer-
ican vessels at different custom-houses in Cuba, as
early as 1844. It is money forced from our .citi-
zens by the hand of arbitrary power, and is ex-
actly in the nature of the forced loans of Mexico of
recent date, and which received the condemnation
of this country as well as that of every nation of
Europe. Spain so considered it, and, after inter-
posing for ten years her usual means of delay in
