W4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
January 81.
negotiation, acknowledged herself indebted to the
United States thisamount,and yet she permits it
to remain unpaid. Then, accoidmg to the rule
which I have asserted, it is a just cause of offen-
sive war. My resolution, however, proposes the
more peaceful remedy—reprisals.
- Mr. Chairman, tins act of .official wrong might
be overlooked'for a long time if it stood alone;
but, sir, it is much the most unimportant of the
many grievances inflicted upon our citizens by
the officials of Spam, and which belong to the
class of cases embraced in this cause of offensive
war. -
-In the year 1850, two vessels, belongingto the
citizens of the United States, with regular clear-
ances -from the port of New Orleans, and with
the American flag floating at their masts, were
seized off the Island of Contoy, within the juris-
diction of Mexico, with a large number of Amer-
ican citizens, by the Pizarro and Habanosa, and
taken into Havana. These citizens were man-
acled; irons were put upon their manly limbs;
thegalhng chains of despotism hung heavily upon
their forms; they were deprived of their prop-
erty; insult was offered to their feelings, and the
lash was inflicted upon their persons. They an-
nounced that they were American citizens, and
were derided, and the name of their country in-
sulted. They pointed to the American flog, and
it was torn from the mast. This news came
home to our people, and their wounded pnde rose
like a mighty wind, increasing in violence as it
swept from the Mississippi over the continent to
Maine. Your President demanded their instant
release, with threats of war, and it was unheeded;
and the subject was ultimately delivered up to
diplomacy, and theie it lingers.
Mr. Chairman, I have not time, in the hour
allowed me, to enter into an argument to show
this act of Spam to be a flagrant, violation of the
law of nations, and a most, extraordinary and
contemptuous disregard of the honor and rights
of this nation. It is enough to say Spam went
beyond her jurisdiction and entcied the dominion
of Mexico, seized our citizens, took possession
of their property, arraigned them before their own
tribunals, found them gudtlessof crime, and many
of them were discharged, and that in defiance of
the solemn protest of this Government; and to
this day have made no reparation to these injured
citizens, no atonement for the insult offered to
our flag. Well might the captain of the Susan
Laud have said, 4t if General Jackson had been
President, it would not have been allowed. Ptes-
ident Taylor sent a special messenger to Havana
to demand their releaac. To this demand, the
Captain Geneial of Cuba replied that he had no
diplutnatiefunetions, and referred him to Mr. Cal-
deron de la Barca; resident Minister of Spain
at Washington, who referred the whole auhject
to Madrid, Vet, the trial proceeded; many of
those citizens, as i have said, were discharged,
and others condemned and sent to Spain in irons.
The vessels, Susan Laud and (Jeorgiana, were
condemned and sold; and still our demands were
disiegaided—negotiation lingers—and to this day,
Spain justifies the act, and declares her intemion
to repeat it if occasion demands lint, sir, this
unparalleled act of insolence, intended, as it, was,
to wound the pride of the. nation, and degrade us
in the estimation of the world, was not enough.
Afterwards, theOhio, amaii steamer, was ordeied
from her moorings to unsafe and hazaidous an-
chorage under the guns of the Moro Castle, orto
leave the harbor without landing her mails. The
Faleun was fired into and boarded upon the high
seas. 'I he Philadelphia, with the United Stales
mails, entered the harbor in distress, destitute of
coal and provisions, many of her passengers sick,
and was peiemptorily driven from her anchoi age.
The Crescent City, in the mail seiviee of the
United States, and under the command of a naval
officer, was refused the privilege to land for no
other reason thanthatan American citizen was on
board who had, in a newspaper article, criticised
the conduct of the Captain Genenil of the island,
and oli this was done in violation of treaty. I
will-not continue the further Ionic lists of petty
annoyances which have been done us, ami are
stili being done. It is enough to say our nation
alone has the humility to endure them.
Now, sir, are these not profound causes of com-
plaint on our part against Spam, and should not
the injuries done to our citizens be compensated
f for ? And what compensation should not be de-
1 manded for the citizens whose persons were la-
cerated by the ignominious lash ? Millions should
be demanded—not that millions can blot from the
recollection the degradation endured—but to teach
despotism how exalted in the scale of human na-
ture is the freeman of this country, and how sa-
cred is his'person. Is not the value of the prop-
erty taken and confiscated a just claim against the
Spanish Government, and shall we not require it
to be paid ? I apprehend there is not a man upon
this floor, with an American impulse in his heart,
who does not affirmatively declare in favor of the
justness of these claims. And, yet, the President
informs us that negotiation is delayed by subter-
fuges. The reprisals I propose will stimulate this
negotiation and hasten its maturity. It is espe-
cially important that the question of international
law, asserted by Spain and denied by this coun-
try, but which Spain declares she will not surren-
der, namely, the right lo enter the jurisdiction of
Mexico and arrest American citizens on board
American vessels, over which is floating the stars
and stripes, and take them to her own ports and
j arraign them before her own tribunals, upon im-
| agimuy charges of high crimes and misdemean-
i ors, against the protest of this country, should be
settled. Our Government denies this as a right
existing by the law of nations, and we must co-
erce ity surrender by Spam, because on its surren-
der depends tho right of our citizens to indemnity
for injury sustained already, and our people and
flag to secui ity in the futuic.-
Mr Chairman, these are the most unimportant
reasons to be given m justification of the resolu-
tion; they afFoid ample cause for the seizure, it is
true, and would induce any of the first-class Pow-
ers of Europe to doit; but with me there is a
paramount consideration, higher in importance,
higher in nationality,than those I have presented.
It is the right of self-preservation. Wars are like
epidemics, they come unexpectedly, often with-
out real cause;. Whenevet it is necessary in any
of the European States to divert the attention of
the nation fi om internal causes of complaint, for-
eign war is universally induced, and the nation
least prepared is selected. We know that, since
the unnatural and Strang*1 alliance between Eng-
land and Prance, by which England is to furnish
money and counsel, and France food for powder,
they have been committing depredations on whom-
soever they please; and, since the small demon-
stration they made in copartneiship against Rus-
sia, their attention has been turned to affairs on
this continent, m direct violation of the Monroe
doctiine, and in a form so aggravated ass to
threaten an early rupture with this Government.
Should such a contingency arise,Spain would be-
come a tripartite party. Put should she not, she
will at least givo her aid so far as to permit the
use of the Island of Cuba as a naval and military
depot to our enemies. Let me examine the sub-
ject in this aspect, and see if the ownciship of
the island is not necessary as a means of national
prcservat ion.
What is the geographical position of the Island
of Cuba m its relation to the United States, Mex-
ico, and Central America* Its position is be-
tween latitude 19° oil' and 9' noi th, and longi-
tude 71° hs' and 84° 58' west, about sixty-five
miles from Key West, Florida, and about one
hundred and twenty from the point of Yucatan,
and is the key to the mouth of the Gulf of Mex-
ico—that great inland sea bordering the States of
Fioi ida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,Texas,
Mexico, and Central America. Tins island com-
mands all these States. The commerce of all has
us advent to the Atlantic ocean directly under the
guns of the Moro Castle. This island, in the
possession of an enemy, they could readily reach
any given point along this whole coast, giving an
irresistible advantage to them. Neither the Uni-
ted States or Mexico could ever maintain a navy
on their waters, or use it for commercial pur-
poses; ships could not pass from the Atlantic to
the Gulf; armies could not be transposed by sea
fiom tho northern to the southern States, and
vice verm. In a contest with any European State
it would become a pnmf <Vappui, most fatal to
the United States or Mexico. It is a great fort-
ification of itself, commanding many thousand
miles of sea-coast m which this country is im-
mediately interested. To our security and safety,
therefore, it is most important.
We have recently reasserted the Monroe doc-
trine in a great variety of forms, and have declared
our determination in the most solemn manner to
enforce its observance by the Powers of Europe,
even at the hazard of war. Yet, notwithstanding
this assertion, itis known to us all that both Eng-
land and France are nefoliating with the Central
American States, under circumstances and in a
manner that should excite our vigilance. We
know that Central American affairs are becoming;
daily more and more complicated, and that both
England and France are acquiring interests there
which are giving to them a controlling influence;
and which, if successful, must inflict upon this
country inconveniences and injuries which no
human calculation can estimate—influences di-
rectly in conflict with the Monroe doctrine. Shall
this be prevented? We have said so. How is it
to be done? Remonstrance, we know, will avail
us nothing; and I predict that war will result from
it at no distant day. If it should, this island
bccomcs of essential importance to each of the
belligerents, and will fall into the hands of our
enemies. With the possession of this island,
England or France'would be in immediate prox-
imity to the whole coast of Mexico, and would
command that of Central America. With the
advantage of their large navy we would be shut
out from those States, and would not be able to
send an army into the Gulf to either of them, and
they would, almost without a struggle, seize and
occupy the whole of both those countries. But,
sir, with the use of the Island of Cuba as a naval
and military depot, other and more important dis-
advantages would result to us. That war, of
course, would become general,and England would
not limit it to the Atlantic slope, and to regions
beyond our borders, she would extend it to our
defenseless southern cities and Gulf coasts, as
well as to our possessions on the Pacific ocean.
With the possession of the harbor at Havana,
and the Moro Castle, troops could not be sent
from the northern and middle Atlantic States, by
sea, for the defense of the Gulf Slates, nor could
your naval forces enter the Gulf of Mexico to
engage the British vessels which would be at lib-
erty to desolate and despoil our possessions along
our whole line of coast. More than this, we would
be utterly unable to afford to our possessions on
the Pacific any military assistance from the older
States—assistance to which they are entitled, and
which is due to them by the highest obligations
of protection. We would not be able to send to
the aid of California an army from the southern
and western States, for the reason that the vigi-
lance of the British fleet at Havana could not be
escaped—in fact our fleet, with soldiers on board,
would be compelled to pass almost within range
of the guns of the Moro; and then they would
from that point successfully intercept any army
from our northern ports, and thus it would be
impossible to defend ourselves on the Pacific.
In" this aspect it will be seen that no country
on earth has the same amount of land on its bor-
ders so important to it as ihe Island of Cuba is to
us. As a means of defense ftorn a foreign foe, or
for national preservation, it is indispensable. But
with this island in ourpossession, how would the
case stand? It would become a mighty fortifica-
tion far out at sea, which, of itself, would give
protection to many hundied miles of our coast.
Here we could concentrate armies and navies
with which to strike an enemy, north or south.
We would have the command of the whole coast
of Mexico and Central America—could pass ar-
mies composed of the gallant men of the western
and southern States, without molestation to Te-
ll turn tepee, to Panama, to the transit route, for
the defense of California, or the vindication of the
Monroe doctrine—armies composed of men who
have permuted no battle-field, at home or abroad,
to be dimmed by defeat, but who have always
given additional luster to the glory of our arms,
by achievements honorable to themselves and
their country. The possession of it would afford
a guarantee of perpetual peace to this country,
while it is now the irritating cause of constant
complaint and threatened war. It would remove
the cause of quarrel with Spam, and would ef-
fectually prevent any interference by European
States with affairs upon this continent.
Sir, shall we do an act so entirely sanctioned by
the law of nations, and so necessary to our future
security and peace, ©r slumber upon our duty un-
