82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. op Reps.
hanced value" of its products, which flows from
protective duties, then that, at least, is the loss
the country sustained by adopting the opposite
policy. Add this immense loss to the foreign
debt which free-trade tariffs inevitably give us,
and you will have another prominent and power-
ful cause for .the inevitable " convulsions5' that
have followed in their train.
Mr. Chairman, the necessities of the Govern-
ment and the country are pressing; the policy we
ought to adopt is so clearly pointed out by the
experience of the past, that we cannot hope to
escape the judgment of the country, if we neglect
our duty; and now#, I think, is the time. For
thirty years, certainly, there has not been a period
so favorable for taking this great question out of
the arena of politics. 'The President and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury disagree upon the ques-
tion, and every political party of the day is divided
upon it. Let us decide the question for the coun-
try, and not for party. This year we can do it;
next year it will be too late! Too late for the
country, and too late for the politicians.
the tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. STEWART,
of maryland. -
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1859.
The IJbuse being in the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union—
- Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Chairman: It is made the duly of the
President of the United States, by the third .sec-
tion of the second articlc of the Constitution, to
communicate to Congress, from time to time, in-
formation in regard to the state of the Union, and
to recommend such measures as he may deem ex-
pedient and proper. In compliance with this con-
stitutional obligation, a message was transmitted
at the commencement of this session, compre-
hensive in its scope, and impartial in its expla-
nation of the state of public affairs. It becomes
our duty, as a component part of this Govern-
ment, to consider well the recommendations, and
adopt such legislation as may seem to bo neces-
sary in order to promote the public interest. The
district I have the honor to represent lias no spe-
cial reasons for claiming from this Government
any particular favors. All that they ask is, that
the Government may he faithfully administered,
their constitutional rights secured; and that the
Administration may discharge us high trust with
entire impartiality and fidelity. I, therefore, as
the Representative of the first congressional dis-
trict of Maryland, may announce here to this com-
mittee, that 1 am not expectcd to bo the advocate
of any particular scheme or policy, except in per-
fect keeping with those outlines 1 have indicated.
They require no tariff for protection; they expect
no particular line of policy with a view of sub-
serving especially their interests; and they desire
that those who have charge of the Government—
the Administration and the Congress of the United
States—ahull discharge their duties so us to pio-
tect and piescrvc all the diversified interests of
the whole country.
Now,/sir, I shall notundertake, during the time
allotted to me, to review all the topics which are
so handsomely and ably embraced in the Presi-
dent's message. Prominent among these, and
perhaps primarily to be considered, is the sub-
ject of the finances or the tariff question. An-
other matter highly important, is the construc-
tion of the railroad from the Atlantic States to the
Pacific. Another gioat question which conspic-
uously arrests the attention of the country, and
must command consideration, is lite proposition
in reference to the acquisition of Cuba. So far
as I may be permitted to consume the time to
which i am entitled, I propose to present to the
House such considerations in relation to these
topics as will govern me in the discharge of my
duty when any of these questions may bo up for
action. I state to this committee that I am utterly
opposed to what may be considered the doctunu
of protection per se, in the arrangement of a tariff.
I am for securing to the Government of the Uni-
ted States a revenue adequate and competent to
meet all the exigencies of the public service; and
as to the mode by which you will adjust your
tariff) I look upon that as a matter of detail.
Whether you snail have specific duties, in part,
as urged by the President, or duties ad valorem,
as maintained by Mr. Secretary Cobb, I think is
not such a cardinal question as should warmly
divide the American people. In adjusting the de-
tails for the purpose of obtjfining the necessary
revenue, it maybe more discreet that you should
place upon some articles specific duties; and m the
very same tariff advisable, so far as other articles
are concerned, that you should adopt the ad va-
lorem principle.
Then I do not rccognizc, so far as I am a mem-
ber of the Democratic party, and acknowledging i
my allegiance to the same, any obligation resting |
upon any member of that party to develop his |
principles, or to square his views, upon that sub- >
ject, either according to the doctrines announced
by the President of the United States, or by the
Secretary of the Treasury; for they differ upon
this' subject, both professing to be Democrats. I
should be sorry to think that the great Dem-
ocratic party of this country was so reduced in its
dimensions and in its platform, as now to have
settled down upon that single, isolated point,
whether duties imposed by the Government, for
revenue, are to be arranged upon the principle of
specific or ad valoiem. No, sir, that would be
quite as idle and ridiculous, it seems to me, as
was the controversy which arose m the days of
Locke. We have heard that, in that metaphys-
ical age, there was a great and pervading ques-
tion, which agitated the whole nation, as to the
identity of a. silk stocking. The grave inquiry
was elaborately discussed by the metaphysicians
and logicians of that day. Suppose you take a
silk stocking, if. was said, and change and modify
it, darn it with yarn until you have nothing left
of the silk stocking: the question was mooted
whether it was the identical silk stocking or a
woolen stocking ? and if it was not a silk stock-
ing, when did it become a yarn stocking? some
maintaining that it was a silk stocking, and otheis
as Htionuously contending that it was a yarn
stocking. The difficulty was to learn when it be-
came metamorphosed, and at what time it lost its
identity; and especially, whether it occurred as
long as there was any silk left.
This question of the tariff would seem to be
quite as prolific and perplexing as that which
confounded the metaphysicians m the days of
Locke as to the said identity of the silk stocking.
I have heard gentleman here, professing to act
upon enlightened principles of statesmanship,
agitato and discuss the principle of specific and
ad valorem duties with very much the same sort
of spirit and vim. The principle which controls
the Democratic party, as I understand it, is not
whether you shull have specific or ad valorem du-
ties; but whether you shall have a tariff arranged
in reference to revenue or protection. That is the
great principle—a tariff for revenue; and upon that-
Democrats of all sections can unite. I then com-
pletely ignore ail this controversy which is at-
tempted to be inauguiated upon the piopnety of
specific or ad valorem duties. The great object
should be to raise revenue; and if you will con-
vince me, aw a free iiadcr, that by imposing spe-
cific duties you can conveniently raise more reve-
nue than by ad valoienu]uties, then, according to
the well settled principles of free trade and a reve-
nue tariff, you ought to adopt the specific mode of
imposing duties quoad hoc.
Mr. SCALES. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Maryland, whether, if be could
taise a sufficient revenue by an ad valorem, tariff,
he would not prefer it?
Mr. STKWART, of Maryland. E cannot say
that I would; because there are other considera-
tions connected with the matter of laismg reve-
nue. For instance,suppose I can laise the same
amount of revenue by specific duties, or more,
than upon the ad valorem principle, and it should
happen that, by imposing (he duties m that mode,
1 cuuld afford incidental protection: 1 certainly
would not discriminate against such piotection.
Mr.' SCALES. What does the gentleman then
want with more than enough revenue?
Mr. STEWART, of" Maryland. We do not
want more than enough,and we are not likely to
have more than is required. The object is to raise
a sufficiency. Under the tariff of 1857, we have a
very large free list, and we have different schedules
under italso. Now, would my friend from North •
Carolina adopt the horizontal principle, take these
articles out of the free list, and out of the sched-
ules, and adopt the ad valorem principle upon all
articles? i apprehend not. My friend does not
respond in the affirmative. Then, I maintain
that, under the tariff of 1857, you have articles on
the free list upon which duties should be imposed.
And I have understood, from those who are more
familiar with the details than I am, that there are
items in its free list which would raise five or six
million dollars, and I would like to know of any
opponent of a change of the tariff of 1857, and
advocate of free trade, upon what principle he
could go before the country and justify himself,
when there are articles there upon which duties
ought to be imposed, and undertake pertinaciously
to retain them under existing circumstances, and
with the present deficiency in the revenues of the
country.
Why, sir, we have had tariffs from the begin-
ning of the Government. There were the tariffs of
1816,1820,1824,1898,1832,1842,1846, and 1857.
There are different and various schedules in them
all; and no man can tell me, from the operations
of the Government and the course of trade, that
any particular tariff, for all time, would be per-
fect and infallible, and nfeed not be amended, al-
ways yielding sufficient revenue, and no njore.
It would seem to me that, according to the doc-
trine of some gentlemen, your tariff should be, like
the laws of the Medes and Persians, unchange-
able. If it were inflexible, it would not accom-
plish the purpose desired. It might not always
raise enough of revenue. The exigencies of the
country may bo, and are, greater at one time than
another. I hold, therefore, that it is the duty of
the Representatives of the people, and particularly
of the Democratic party in this Congress, under
the recommendation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and reiteiateJ in the report of the Sec-
retaiy of the Tieasury, to meet promptly the
financial exigency in which we find ourselves.
It is not only the duty of the President of the
United States to lecommend to Congress meas-
ures that are of vital importance, but it is further
his duty, if Congress fail to meet its responsibil-
ity m this crisis, to convene it again in extra ses-
sion. He cannot escape from the responsibility
that is devolved upon him by the Constitution.
The President of the United States and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, not only in their regular
communications to Congress, but the latter in a
special report, in reply to a resolution of this
House, ^and he is in iavor of ad valorem$,) an-
nounce that there will not be, from any data they
have, sufficient revenue; and that, in all proba-
bility, at the close of this fiscal year, if the tariff
be not revised, the Government will be without
adequate funds. Is this the attitude to be occu-
pied by the friends of the Administration in this
House m such an emergency? Is that the posi-
tion it is to assume when it is told by those hav-
ing control of the Government, and whose duty
it is to communicate with Congress, that revenue
enough is not to be anticipated 5 From what
source are we regularly and legitimately to derive
information upon such subjects ? This is a Gov-
ernment of law and order. There are different
departments and various branches of the public
service. It is the duty of the President,also of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to communicate to us
the siate of the finances; and they have faithfully
dischaiged that duty. They insist that there is
not revenue enough, and have recommended a
revision of the tariff.
Mr. Chairman, one would suppose, from re-
marks made m this House from time to time, that
gentlemen who undertake to talk on this subject,
and who profess to be Democrats and friends of
the Administration, were its adversaries, although
theyauledin bringingitintopswer. "Whoclothed
the President with the high responsibility which
he js now called upon to assume? Who placed
the Secretary of the Treasury in position ? It was
the Democratic party. Then, sir, is it with the
members of the Democratic party here, with the
elements of which it is composed, to ignore the
recommendation of those officers? We cannot
relieve ourselves by any sort of hasty patch-
