THE CONGEE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON^
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY £,'1859.
se^«. *4^1 V«
til England or Franpeyorbo^h together, shall have
consummated their schemes of ambition, with, the
opportunity to avail themselves of the advantages
which I have enumerated / Every consideration
ofsoupd national policy forbids it.
I think now*, Mr. Chairman, I have shown not
only that it is the right, but the duty, of this Gov-
ernment to take this island. Itis necessary for
our quiet and our preservation as a nation, and
has the sanction of the law of self-defense. It is
hardly necessary to say it is the only mode of ac-
quisition. No sensible man believes it can ever
be purchased; nor can any one hope that more
causes, or greater, wilL ever exist for taking it by
force. It may produce war, which is always to
be deplored, but we will never be better prepared
for such a contingency. There never will be a
time in our future history when it will be less in-
jurious or less aggravated. At present.neither
England nor France is in a condition to interfere,
and they would not. The military energies of
England are now absorbed at home, and her com-
mercial dependence upon us forbids a rupture at
this time. Resolutions are going on in Europe
for the readjustment of the balance of power, and
their armies cannot be spared for such a contest
as this. But, under any circumstances, we have
no otherremedy. Diplomacy has been exhausted,
and we have nothing left but the arm of national
power to coerce justice.
Mr. Chairman, we have either to abandon this
large debt which has been acknowledged by Spain
to be due our citizens, or proceed to collect it by
seizing her possessions. Abandon it, and the
radiant glory which now adorns our national es-
cutcheon must fade into darkness. But, sir, it
will not be abandoned. The pride of our people
wjII not permit it. With scorn they will retire
from seats on this floor the men who would dare
propose it, and supply their places with Repre-
sentatives of their own high resolves, willing to
vindicate their rights and protect the honor of the
nation, even at the hazard of war. We have
passed the period when timid counsels are to pre-
vail. This nation has a destiny, and it must be
fulfilled., The compulsive force of irresistible
causes will force us on to its consummation, even
against the inclination of the timid. Our vessel
of State rides upon a tide swollen and even en-
raged by mighty events, and no anchor can stay-
it; and in its course all we can do is to guide it
by prudent counsels as it floats on to its legiti-
mate destination.
Itis objected that we are already sufficiently
expanded. If this position be correct, then we
are already too much expanded. All Europe is,
to-day, not equal to us in extent. I know the
ablest writers on the theory of government hold
that republics should have a small territory; that
in a large one the pride of the ambitious, the con-
flict of interests-and pursuits, will soon sap it.
This theory has been shown by the example of
our own country to be incorrect; it is, perhaps,
owing to the fact that we have many States, with
full legislative powers, while those of the Fede-
ral Government are few and well guarded. But
this very argument should convince our people of
the propriety of refusing to the Federal Govern-
ment the exercise of power to legislate or to in-
terfere with domestic matters, if the day shall
ever come when the Federal Government assumes
general legislation, it must at once go down.
People have, in all ages, rebelled when oppressed,
and that is now the predominant trait in our peo-
ple. The Congress of the United States can pass
no general law that will not be more oppressive
on one portion of our country than another, and
it will have the effect to produce complaints and
excite dissatisfaction against the Government;
but if we will leave all subjects in which the peo-
ple are directly interested to the States, then we
may expand so as to include the whole world.
Mexico, Central America, South America, Cuba,
the West India Islands, and even England and
Fiance, might annex without inconvenience or
prejudice, allowing them with their local Legisla-
tures to regulate their local affairs in their own
45
way. And this, sir,, is the mission of this Repub-
lic and its ultimate destiny.. ,,
Cuba is nearer to us than California, and is not
more dissimilar in interests arid pursuits—Central
America than Utah, and England than Oregon;
and' yet the Federal Government, directing her
action to the legitimate subjects of her power,
moves on with the, harmony of the planetary
world, attracted and repelled by opposite forces.
Cuba is necessary to our commercial convenience,
and is a means of national defense, and being thus
demanded by great commercial and national con-
siderations, who can withhold his support of a
measure that looks to its early acquisition? The
fruit is now ripe; shall we gather it, or shall \ye
permit it to remain on the stem until, it decays,
under the delusive hope that it may fall into our
lap without a struggle?. No; I propose we shall
take it now; take it in its perfection, redolent with
the rich odors of its budding flowers and tropical
fruits and productions, girt with her spreading
waters, and covered with her genial climes.
Expansion is our mission, and we must ad-
vance. Civilization and religion impel us on; and,
in despite of sordid considerations, we must and
will go on. They are the genius of our country,
and will not rest until they have thrown their
thousand blessings over this great continent, like
the bow of promise with its variegated splendors.
And I shout it on; gentlemen, you cannot prevent
it. The North, enervated by the vices of luxury
and love of wealth, may hang upon us like an in-
cubus for awhile; but we will break from h«r
thralldom ere long, and by the vigorous spirit of
our pioneer people, yet uncorrupted by citicsand
towns, we will advance our eagles until the tread
of our columns shall be heard upon this whole
continent, and the shadow of their wings shall be
seen in all its parts.
Who shall arrest us? The feeble and prostrate
Republics which nowlie in ararchy before us,
have not the physical or moral power to stay the
wave as it rolls on. They have no desire to do it.
We intend only to revivify these fallen Republics
and restore them to respectability and posiiion
amidst the natians of the earth. With swelling
hearts and suppressed impatience they await our
coming, and with joyous shouts of " Welcome!
welcome!" will they receive us.
Who, then, will? Not England, in my opin-
ion. Her highest interests forbid. Considerations
of national and commercial policy forbid. She
knows well the profound jealousy and deep pre-
judice which exist upon the continent of Europe
for her, and how that Old World would rejoice at
her downfall. Her people understand well that
should a combination for her overthrow be formed
upon the continent, the sympathies of the people
of this country would supply her with material
aid, both in men and money. England looks to
the perpetuation of her nation through all time;
and, like a skillful sailor at sea, she moves on
by her charts and maps, and takes no departure
from her fixed course without due consideration*
She undeistands propeily the intimate, social,
political, and commercial relations existing be-
tween the two Governments, and that nothing but
disaster and ruin could result from a war between
us. She will have with us no war as long as we
permit her national honor to remain untouched
and untarnished. She knows the extent of our
military prowess and naval resources; and that,
although we might occasionally be vanquished
upon a battle-field, we would drench this conti-
nent, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, in human
gore, before we would submit to conquest; and
that during this protracted-war, all the material
elements of her.present greatness and grandeur
would be extinguished, and she be driven to the
necessity of assuming a position of inferiority
among the States of fiurope. If any one sup-
poses she is, or will be, influenced by France in
her policy on this continent, they are mistaken.
She understands France, and especially Louis
Napoleon, and will hold him in the fetters of
diplomacy until lie exhausts himself and coun-
try, and then the sword will sever their relations.
They had rather hold him by thg bit \yatit he ex-
hausts himself, than to fight iiitn now; because
war is' his hope for the perpetration ofhis(%-
nasty, and England desires that it shall fall, a^ does
all Europe. England is keeping" her* troops, tp
defend her own possessions, while she consume?
the accumulating armies of France in-her foreign
struggles; and she will keep France,engaged in
pretty quarrels and wars to prevent her armies
overthrowing their own Government, or making
war with her, to vindicate their pride, so -often
stung by defeats and conquests at ner ha,nds. But
she will always be by the side of Napoleon, to
control his impetuosity and restrain his rashness,
and will be certain to prevent any severe or fierce
war. '
Would Franco interfere against us in a just war
with Spain, although it might result in tlie acquis
sition of the Island of Cuba? She wou|d have no
right to do it, and would not, unless she has da-"
termined to play the part, of bully for all the na-
tions of the earth. But, sir, if she were to inter-
fere in this quarrel, it would be a conclusive
argument in support of my position, thattheown-
ership of the island is necessary to our national
preservation. It would show that France fully
appreciates the argument I have made to show
how injurious it would become in the hands of an
enemy. It would show further, that France has
designs upon this continent, at least so far as to
acquire the whole of the West India Islands,
making Cuba the seat of empire. If this be true,
it is conclusive we will never get it, only, by war.
We cannot with propriety obtain it in, that, way
without cause. That cause we now have, as I
have attempted and have shown; therefore, f
think this is the time for action.
But suppose it were to result in war with, Spain
and France-combined: what difference would it
make? It would not be protracted. Neither
France nor Spain could continue it,long. At sea
they are impotent, and especially France. It is
not the number of ships, or their size, that guar-
anties victory at sea; it requires cold, steady,
continuous gallantry, which tne-French have not.
That nation has never gained laurels in naval
warfare, and never will. England has, in times
of war, always driven them from every sea, and
always will. The French navy is large, but we
have nothing to fear from it. There would not
be a vestige of it in a short time, and the troops
sent here would be left without the means to re-
turn to their native country.
Mr. Chairman, I repeat that France would not
interfere for reasons of necessity growing out of
her European policy. Look at the dark cloud now
gathering over the Italian States, and see the angry
passion of an oppressed people as it flashes along
its black surface like lurid lightning, and hear the
wild cry of " vive Italia .'"as it sweeps over Ger-
many, and by France reechoed in tones of en-
couragement. Do you apprehend it? It is the
dawning of a mighty revolution in that ancient
country which will drench Europe in blood. In
this struggle France must and will be so deeply
implicated that her armies will be required, and
will be consumed. But, sir, I shall pursue this
line of argument no further. It is unworthy an
American statesman to hesitate in the enforcement
of our rights, because Fiance, or England, or.any
other nation, may complain. I am for doing what-
ever our rights as a nation require at our hands,
and doing it as if we were the only nation on
earth. We have said, and still say, no European
nation shall interfere with affairs upon this con-
tinent; and yet, by our conduct, we acknowledge
we are afraid to manage our own affairs independ-
ently, lest England or France may complain. It
is a reflection upon our honor, and an evidence of
our decline in virtue and manliness. I am dis-
gusted when I see this exhibition of alarm and
apprehension for even a necessary war. It should
be remembered that our greatness and glory have
been achieved by ai ms. It has its horrors, I know,
and should be avoided if possible; but it has its
advantages. A nation which is ready and prompt
in the vindication of her honor and her rights,
