84
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stewart.
Now, Mr. Chairman, so much for my views in
regard to the tariff and other incidental subjects;
and I think I am sufficiently understood, before
leaving the subject, however, I will say^ that I
think that gentlemen who plant themselves upon
the doctrine of free trade, or upon the dogma of
specific or ad valorem duties exclusively, occupy
losing ground. They are not holding that high
position which they should do. When the ex-
penses of this Government have run up to some
sixty or seventy million dollars, they should
see the necessity and propriety of having a tariff
sufficient for revenue, and those who are protec-
tionists should be satisfied with the incidental
profits which such a tariff will necessarily afford.
No man with common intelligence will believe
that the people of this country, to any^reat ex-
tent, North, South, East, or West, are m favor of
any principle in respect to the adjustment of a
tariff, except for revenue. The day of tariffs for
protection haslong passed; all parties throughout
the country, except, perhaps, in special localities,
yield now the fact that a tariff for revenue will af-
ford ample protection. I would not discriminate
against protection nor in its favor. Yes, sir, I
go for a judicioxis tariff, for a tariff which may
incidentally, if you please, within the revenue
principle, afford protection, while its primary and
direct objectis revenue; which shall discriminate
neither against nor in favor of protection, main-
taining that scale of duties upon imports which
shall conveniently produce the most ample rev-
enue, and be the least burdensome to ail inter-
ests.
Mr. PXJRVIANCE. Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask him a question, just at this point?
Mr. STEWART, of JVIaryland. Certainly.
Mr. PUUVIANCG. I understand the gentle-
man from Maryland to say he will go for a tariff
which will produce the most revenue. Now, I
wish to inquire if the tariff of 1828 did not pro-
duce the most revenue of any tauff wo have had?
Whether that tariff did not only produce revenue
enough to maintain the Government in all us
branches, but whether it did not produce surplus
revenue sufficient to payoff the debts of the Rev-
olution? 1 ask the gentleman again, whether,
under the tariff of 1842, which was pi inoipally a
tariff of specifies, we did not have ample leveiiiie
to carry on the Government in all its machinery—
to carry it on better than under the tariff of 1846,
or under the tariff of 18.07, or under any of the
other tariffs approximating to free trade ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. 1 will answer
the gentleman that I believe ail the tariffs we have
had have been so arranged as oidinanly to miso
money enough to carry on the Government; for
they have been based primarily upon the princi-
ple of revenue. Hut I imagine no considerable
part of the people of Pennsylvania, that the. gen-
tlemen, in part, represents, would ask for a tariff
based solely on protection.
Mr. PULiVIANOE. In answei to the gentle-
man from Maryland, 1 have tosay, that fiom the
earliest organization of the Government down to
the administration of Mr. Polk, it was under-
stood that^kere was a constitutional powrt con-
ferred on tTfe Representatives of the people to en-
act a tauff dnectly in reference to protection.
'Die attention of Congress was called to the sub-
ject by Jefferson, by Madison, by Monroe, by
Jackson, and even as late as the campaign ol 1844,
Mr. Polk, over his own signature, tn his eele'oia-
ted Kane letter, declared that lie was in favor of
protection.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. It may be
true, that in the days of Jefferson, when the man-
ufactuies of the country w< le in their infancy, it
was considered wise, in framing a tariff for reve-
nue purposes, to arrange it with lefurciice to pro-
tection.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to ask 'he srentlc-
man from Pennsylvania a single question upon
this subject of a tariff for revenue and piotection.
{ would like to ask my friend whether, in .1832,
when the celebrated compromise tai iff was framed,
it was not conceded by the friends of protection,
and did they not proclaim it to the world, that
after 1842 protection for protection's sake must
be abandoned, and that thenceforward the doc-
tune ought to be a tariff for revenue.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. That is pre-
cisely the course of remark I proposed to pursue
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. PXJRVIANCE. If the gentleman from
Maryland will alloV me, I desire to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky. I ask
the gentleman from Kentucky, if we were to have
no tariff for protection after 1842, why it was
that in Pennsylvania the principle of a tariff for
protection was made the issue between the friends
of Mr. Polk and the friends of the gentleman's
lamented father in the campaign of 1844; and
why it was that there was inscribed, in Pennsyl-
vania, upon the banners of the Democracy,
" Polk, Dallas, Texas, and the tariff of 1842?"
Mr. CLAY. If the gentleman from Maryland
will allow me, I will answer the gentleman from
Pennsylvania by saying that, in my judgment,
the compromise in reference to the tariff was vio-
lated in Pennsylvania for the very purpose of
courting particular interests.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Iamsorryto
interrupt the colloquy between the gentlemen, but
I must go on with my argument, as my lime is rap-
idly passing. The suggestion made by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania amounts to just this: it
was conceded by those who advocated a protective
tariff originally, thataftera short time they would
be able to get on without any additional protec-
tion. That was the doctrine proclaimed in 1816,
in 1828, and in 1832, when it was declared that
after 1812 no tariff, more than a uniform one of
twenty per cent, for revenue would be urged, that
the protective system would then be abandoned.
I think that will bo understood by the country,
no matter upon what ground they electioneered
in Pennsylvania. 1 can see how the manufac-
turers should insist that the tariff should be so ar-
ranged as to afford them some protection while
in their infancy. Hut should they claim in this
year of our Lord 1859, what they asked in 1816,
after the war, in 1824 and in I828> I say that is
not reasonable or just. At that time, when you
wanted to raise a revenue of but sixteen or twenty
millions, you might with more force contend for a
Lanff to be adjusted for protection; but now that
your expenses aie run up to $8U,OO0,OUU annu-
ally, and you have to raise that amount, aie we
still to be told wo are to have protection in the
same way and for all time ? I think that entiiely
unreasonable and enormous, and that tin; common
intelligence of the country has come to the con-
elusion that the system of protection cannot be tol-
eiated per sc, or with reference to protection alone.
Would Pennsyivamaexpcct,and lam not hos-
tile to her interests, that the Government of the
United States should put a duty upon iron for
the purpose of protecting the iron interest, when,
under the ad valorem system of 1857, it was twen-
ty-four per cent., and under the tariff of 181G,
thirty per cent.? Now, they want a specific duty
upon iron in Pennsylvania. Well,if you will take
| the tariff of 1816, and lind what has been the aver-
j age duty laised upon a ton of iron of a particu-
; lardescription, for the sake of illustration, for ten
years under the ad valorem system, and then put
i a specific duty upon the article to that amount, it
i might not be obnoxious to grave objection; for
| though, under that arrangement, when iron was
| down, the consumers would have to pay a little
i more for it, yet when the article was advanced in
1 price, the duty would be no higher, and they
! would get the aiticle for a less price. I would be
governed in arranging the tariff, after getting the
best information I could upon the subject, some-
what in this wise. Were 1 satisfied that by hav-
ing a specific duty of so much per ton, 1 could
raise as much revenue, and that mode would
affoid them incidentally more protection, and at
the same tune impose no additional burden upon
my people; 1 see no serious objection to that, be-
cause when J go against protection per se, I would
not discriminate against such interests or ignore
all considerations of that sort.
Mr. PUUVIANCE. In reference to specific
duties, 1 say to the gentleman that, so far as iron
is concerned, it is a matter of vast importance, I
conceive, not merely with an eye to revenue, but
to the nation generally. For instance, under spe-
cific duties you pievent the importation of the bad
iron winch has found its way upon our railroads,
and which, in my judgment, has led to the most
of the disasters which have occurred upon our
Ho. op Reps.
railroads; and I will mention a fact which will sat-
isfy the gentleman of the correctness of my posi-
tion. The rails upon the central road, from Phil-
adelphia to Pittsburg, were manufactured by an
establishment near Philadelphia, in Pennsylvania;
and. it has been ascertained that those rails have
deteriorated but one per cent.; while the rails upon
the road from Philadelphia through Wilmington
to Baltimore, being of English iron, have deteri-
orated twenty-five per cent. And how does that
happen? Why the British are enabled, under the
ad valorem system, to sell us iion of an inferior
quality, and thrust it upon us, and thus destroy
home competition. We cannot compete with iron
like that under the ad valorem system. But give
us a duty of so much per ton, antl it strikes at
their bad iron and compels them to introduce none
but good iron. 1 state this as an important con-
sideration connected with the interests of this
country, because it is connected with the safety
of our citizens:
Mr. PEYTON. It strikes me that the object
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is to exefude
the importation of bad iron fi om abroad, in order
that Americans, citizens of Pennsylvania, may
produce the bad iron themselves. I desire to know
whether he has any assurance that if we place
a duly upon bad iron so high as to exclude it,
that the American people will not soon make that
bad iron, and that we would gain anything by,
the exchange? Would it not be a bonus held
out to the American manufacturers to make bad
iron ?
Mr. PURVIANCE. My answer is, that if
the American people, under this bad iion which
has been thrust upon us, would not resort to mak-
ing it, they would not do so under a system of
protection.
Mr. PEYTON". It would seem that the Eng-
lish people are only a little smarter than we are,
in making bad iron. Give them this bonus and
they will soon do it.
Mr. STEWART, ofMaryland. All these mat-
ters mentioned by both gentlemen arc things to
he taken into consideration when you come to
aiiange a tariff, but it depends entirely upon the
proof of what will be the effect. What I maintain
is this, that if you will take the specific dbWiea
through a series of ten or twenty years, and con-
vince me that my people, as consumers and not
manufacturers, will not be injured by the imposi-
tion of thatamountof specific duty—that though
they might pay a little more at one time, yet they
would purchase it enough less at another, as ar-
gued by the President—that they would not be
borne down by additional burdens; 1 should have
no objection to adopting that system so far as
iron or any other article is concerned. And that
is as far as gentlemen can reasonably expect the
consumers to go.
There was a time when the interests of only a
few States had to be consulted; but now our
country extends from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and from the Canadas to the Gulf of Mexico, and
ouu interests have become diversified and com-
plex, with the increase of our population. Do you
suppose you can satisfy the great West—saying
nothing of the complaints of the South—with a
system of protection by which they cannot be
benefited, but which will tax them for the benefit
of other sections? 1 think it is essentially pre-
posterous, and that no party can plant itself upon
the doctrine of protection per se, and maintain
itself before the universal country. They will
never, in my judgment, go beyond the extent I
have indicated. The President and the Secietary
ot the Treasury tell us that we now require some
seventy or eighty mil hop dollars annually; and, as
the country progresses in population, as the Gov-
ernment increases in all its departments, there will
be occasion for more money. It may be that the
expenditures will so increase that to raise the rev-
enue to meet them by imposts upon importations
would amount almost to a prohibition. Then a
system of direct tax, or excise, would have to be
lesorted to, to eke out the revenue.
Isay that it cannot be expected that the peo-
ple upon the Pacific, or of the South and of the
Northwest, will go for a system for the benefit
of a few gentlemen, it may be, in Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Massachusetts, or elsewhere, who
are interested in a particular branch of manufac-
