1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
Nor is this a new and untried experiment. The
people of the Territories already elect a portion of
their territorial officers, such, for instance, as
members of the Territorial Legislature; and why
not allow them to elect the rest? . If the power is
safely confided to them in one instance, why not
in the other? I can see no danger resulting to
any one but the Executive. It certainly does de-
prive him of a large amount of patronage, and
that, too, at a point where it always can be, as it
always has-been, used to its fullest extent for the
advantage of his party, and wholly without refer-
ence to the wishes of the people, or their welfare.
I trust, sir, this broad declaration is fully justified
by the facts. I am sure that the history of Kan-
sas alone would demonstrate its justice; but I do
not desire to fight over our battles in that direc-
tion, and shall trust to the memory of gentlemen
for the truth of what I have said. There seems
to be a strange confusion of ideas upon both sides
of the House, upon this question. While the or-
gan of the Administration (the Union) denounces
it as dangerous to the Government, and proclaims
that our greatest danger is from the encroach-
ment by the people upon the powers of Govern-
ment, my friend from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,]
watchful to warn us of this new danger, assumes,
as I understand his argument, that it is neither
more or less than a relinquishment of our whole
platform, in this, that it leaves " the people of the
Territories to decide for t!" emselves whether or not
they will have what they (the Republicans) de-
clare to be an unmitigated and gigantic evil," to
wit, human slavery. It may be that it is my fault
that I am unable to see this in the light in which
thegentleman has put it. I should differ with any
conclusion of his with great reluctance; but I am
unable to see what the election of a territorial
Governor, and of territorial judges-and sheriffs,
has to do with legalizing slavery, except, perhaps,
the negative power of the Governor's veto. The
law-making power, the Legislature, is now elected
by the people. The additional officers which it is
proposed that the people shall elect, find their du-
ties, not in making, but in executing the laws;
and I am as unable to realize the loss of our
platform, and all the evils connected therewith, as
likely to follow this changc, as I am to enter into
the fears of the Democratic organ, that our most
imminent danger is in allowing the people to gov-
ern themselves.' And I repeat, that it is precisely
for the reason that the executive officers of the
Territories are far more likely to execute the will
of the President who appoints them, than of the
people, of whom they are independent, that I
would make the change, and compel them to " de-
rive their just powers from the consent of the
governed," and dependent upon them for their
election. In my own State, sir, we have adopted
this principle and made it applicable to nearly
every office in the State; and I should never have
doubted that it was democratic, or realized our
danger from too much power with the people,
but for the timely warning to which I have al-
luded.
From all that I have said on this point, I de-
duce the following propositions:
1. It is yielding no right that Congress ever
exercised in the government of the Territories.
2. It is a right which belongs to the people, and
therefore should be exercised by them instead of
the President.
3. All experience proves that laws are best ex-
ecuted when the officer is made directly respons-
ible to those over who'm he exercises authority.
4. This change has no relation to the question
of slavery whatever, except so far as it insures a
just and impartial administration of the laws.
Good and sufficient reasons, to my mind, all
of them, for the proposed change. And,sir, 1 now
say, that I would not only in this instance, but in
every one that presented itself, strike down the
over-swollen patronageof the President, until he
has reached a point where he should feel that he
is the people's servant, and not their master;
where he should be made to know he cannot
trample upon the rights of any portion of the
people with impunity, because of his invincible
armor of public patronage.
Not desiring to be misunderstood in this mat-
ter, I would say to my friend from Maine, [Mr.
Washburn,] that I am prepared to vote for his
way of keeping slavery out of the Territories
whenever he shall get it ready; but until then, I
would like to see the people of the Territories re-
lieved of Governors, judges, and sheriffs, selected
from a throng of hungry office-seekers, and sent
to force slavery upon them against their will. I
shall assume as self-evident, that the will of the
people clearly expressed against slavery in. every
Territory, will have the effect to keep it out;.for
whatever theoretical right the slaveholder may set
up under the Dred Scott case, or otherwise, to go
into such a Territory with his slave property, self-
interest will keep him out. He will notgo where
the change from a territorial to a State govern-
ment may work the loss of all his slaves. Kan-
sas, Nebraska, and Oregon stand as examples of
the truth of these positions. The will of the peo-
ple in each of these, practically exercised, has, I
think, had quite as much to do in preparing them
for free States, as the often repeated assurance
that Congress would keep slavery out of the Ter-
ritories. My faith in words is great, in fact, un-
bounded; but I would not, after all, repress or
condemn practical action. I would not quarrel
with the people of the Territories, or call them
hard names, because they will not wait for us to
exorcise slavery from their borders.
But, sir, I have devoted much more time to this
matter than I had intended, and shall occupy the
remainder of my time in remarks upon the Pres-
dent's message. To that portion of that long-
winded document where the President urges the
necessity of economy, I most heartily respond.
No reform can be more needed; with an expendi-
ture which has far outstripped that of any former
Administration, and a rapidly accumulated na-
tional debt, the President may well talk about
economy; and I here pledge him my vote for
every just measure calculated to relieve the coun-
try from the present wasteful and extravagant
administration of the Government. But, sir,
" faith without works is dead." Let us see what
" works" the President recommends in this direc-
tion.
First, the letting of mail contracts with refer-
ence merely to the transportion of the mails, and
without reference to the running of coaches or
other vehicles for the transportation of passengers
is a good and needed reform, and one I will
checrfully vote for.
Second, a " modification " of the franking privi-
ilege. Sir, I will vote for this,also; and the " mod-
ification "which 1 desire is to abolish it altogether.
It is a useless, wasteful expense, yielding no cor-
responding benefit, and devolves upon members
of Congress a tax that prevents a proper discharge
of their other duties. And, sir, I would go fur-
ther; I would reform the present unequal and un-
just system of mileage, and cut up, root and
branch, the foolish and corrupt system of book-
making by the Government; and, in my judg-
ment, these few simple and needed reforms will
save to the Government more than five million
dollars annually. But, sir, I cannot consent to
raise the present letter postage, in order to make
the Post Office Department self-sustaining. Ab-
stractly, I can see no reason why this Depart-
ment should be self-sustaining more than any of
the others—the War and Navy Departments, for
instance. But I trust that if the reforms above
indicated were faithfully carried out, they would
more than make up the difference of revenue
which would accrue from the proposed increase.
There is no right dearer to the people than that of
communicating through the mail, none that tends
more to increase their social and moral qualities,
and in no way could you impose a tax upon them
that would be so severely felt, as by this increase.
I would sooner vote to reduce the expenses of the
executive and legislative departments to make up
a deficit in the mail service than to increase the
rate of postage on letters.
Another greatand needed reform recommended
by the President, and one which I am anxious to
vote for, is a revision of the tariff upon the plan
recommended by the President—not the Secre-
tary.
But, sir, as I do not now intend to make a tariff
speech, I shall pass on to other topics discussed
in the message; and having stated those points
upon which l agree with the President, and in-
tend to support his policy, I desire to say a few
words in relation to those upon which I disagree
with him.
Sir, I was not a little disappointed, after listen-
ing to these smooth words of the President about
retrenchment and reform,ito hear him follow with
recommendations, that we sVould buy Cuba,'at.
a cost, I su ppose, of not less than two Co four hun-
dred million dollars; or if Spain would hot sell,
that we should take it at whatever cost. That
we should take military occupation of Mexico-
and Central America, involving first a large and,
permanent increase of both the Array and. Navy^
a war withi _the citizens of those countries, and.
probably with half of Europe; and that in order
to begin these splendid ope radons.we should place
in the President's hands, to be used according to
his discretion, $30,000,000. Now_, sir, these op-
erStions could hardly cost the Govfirnment less
than $800,000,000.
But then the President tells us that there are
compensating benefits. I,n the case of Cuba we
are tp get rid of the African slave-trade; 'and in
that of Mexico we are but collecting our debts.
Sir, I think it was Mr. Buchanan's opinion, in
the case of Texas, that we should decrtase slavery
by increating the amount of slave territory and
the demand for slave labor; and I am not sur-
prised that, as President, he urges the same argu-
ment for the acquisition of Cuba. But it would,
indeed, be a matter of surprise if any person could
now be cheated by such an argument. Why do
notour southern friends back the President in this
view of suppressing the slave trade, and Urge the
acquisition of Cuba on these grounds, instead of
treating us to speeches about manifest destiny,
and our need of more territory ? Need of more ter-
ritory! Why, sir, we have got so much now
that if it were equally apportioned, it would give
to each man, woman, and child, something over
three square miles—sufficient breathing space to
prevent immediate suffocation. Sir, the great-
est present evil is too much territory. This it is
which makes our Government the, most expen-
sive in the world. If we would but pay attention
to our own affairs, and let our neighbors alone;
develop the resources of the country we have;
and make stronger the strained cords of union
and fraternity, by unity of interest, instead of
reaching out for more territory, and bringing ia
foreign and conflicting elements, how much should
we have advanced in all that makes a nation truly
great!
In regard to Mexico, the President is only anx-
ious to save the people's money. He merely wants
to collect some debts which Mexico owes us. I
do not know exactly the amount of indebtedness,
but it strikes me that the plan for collection is of
a kind so likely to be expensive, that if it is a
question of money merely, we had better wait
until Mexico can or will pay, or give her the debt
even; but, sir, this is not the question. After all
the smooth talk, it requires no skill to see that
" this is the voice of Jacob tint the hand of Esau;"
that while we are flattered with the promise of an
end to the African slave-trade, and the realiza-
tion of our just dues from Mexico; that, in plain
straight-forward language, and language more be-
fitting the President, we want more territory, and
wo want it for a particular purpose. The settle-
ment and pacification of liansas, in which (ac-
cording to the message) the President took so
conspicuous a part, and the unmistakable signs
given by all our present Territories, of excluding
slavery, makes the President anxious to buy or
get additional territory for the development of the
southern " institution." Enough to give it a pre-
ponderance if it stays in the Union, or scope and
room if it goes out.
But, sir, where are we to get these untold
millions of money ? The Treasury is empty; so
much so that we cannot even pay the workmen
about the Capitol regularly. The revenue is not
increasing materially, while the debts are. To
the $40,000,000 borrowed we shall have to add
$40,000,000 more, most likely, before* the reve-
nue will meet current expenses. Where, then,
do you propose to get the money to buy terri-
tory? Sir, it would be much more in keeping
with our condition, if the President had recom-
mended the sale of some of the territory we have,
in order to carry on the Government, and stop
our debts. I know that the failure to get Cuoa
would disappoint my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] who®, taste runs so much to cheap molas-
ses. Could -apt the gentleman reach the same ob-
ject, and effectually get sweetened by the much
more simple process of repealing the present sugar
duties ?
