1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Central America—Slave Trade—Cuba—Mr. Clay.
Ho. of Reps.
Worth American continent. Many ofthem seemed
to me to have Reference to the prospective annex-
ation of all the nations, kindreds, tongues, and
tribes, from the Open Polar sea, beyond the re-
gions of eternal ice, to the Isthmus of Darien.
There seems to prevail,"In certain sections, a no-
tion that our " manifest destiny" is to conquer
territory, and then to give it away in lots awd quan-
tities to suit the convenience of applicants. Why,
sir, no Spanish monarch ever gave away realms
and barbarian empires which were not yet his to
give, with so lavish a hand as we display in grant-
ing away annually millions upon millionsof acres
of the noblest land on earth, of whicii it is prom-
ised that the price of every acre shall be sacredly
applied to a far different object. So wild has the
infatuation grown, that, not satisfied with the
splendid operations of State's, corporations, and
individuals, the nation has actually conceived
the idea of swindling itself out of two hundred
million acres to build a Pacific railroad. What
an age we live in ! But the brightest, most mag-
nificent idea of all yet conceived forgetting rid of
these lands, is the bill—which lately passed this
House—of the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, which will give at least one hundred
million acres to whoever will go and take it. Wo
odds who it is; the invitation is general to all the
world. " "Walk up, gentlemen, and help your-
selves!"
Now, sir, leaving entirely out of sight, the fact,
that tins disposition of the public property is a
rank and gross outrage upon the rights of the old
States, and a palpable violation of tiie spirit of the
deeds of cession, is it not a reckless and ruinous
waste of the public revenues' Is it not a strange
way of redeeming apromise so " sacredly"made
What wonder, sir, that the tariff has to go up,
when this great and unfailing source of public
wealth is thus lavishly thrown away! If this
fund is no longer to go into the public Treasury
to relieve the people from the burdens of a high
tariff, why then, in common justice and common
honesty, let us all, the old and the new States,
take share and share alike. I have long been a
distributionist, because I thoughtjustice and equal-
ity demanded it; but if I could only see these
promises faithfully carried out, if I can only see
this vast fund honestly applied to defraying the
general charge and expenditure of a common
Government, I would agree to ask nothing more.
I Gallon gentlemen to stop this wild raid after
the public lands. I will gladly stand with any
party to effect this object.
It is a little strange that every State in the
Union can participate in these land grants, save
and except alone those States which were the
original proprietors. The ordinary statute of dis-
tributions is entirely reversed; and the furthest of
kin, instead of the nearest, seems to be best enti-
tled to this estate. There is great anxiety man-
ifested on the admission of every new State, to
put it on an equality with the other States, by
princely donations of the public property; but it
never seems to occur to gentlemen that there is
no equality in the case, so long as one half the
States get nothing at all.
What do you call equality, and how do you
bring it about? Do you call it equality when one
party gets all and the other gets nothing? And
do you produce this equality by loading one with
favors and stripping the other bare? Nay, sir,
worse still is done. The elder sisters of this great
family of States, bring their advancements into
hotch-pot, and the law not only gives the youngcr
sisters the principal estate, but the advancements
also, leaving the elder sisters without an inherit-
ance in the common property. Truly, " from
him that hath not shall be taken away even that
which he hath." And although the doctrine has
been as strenuously maintained, that it was un-
constitutional for the General Government to erect
improvements not of a national character, in the
respective States, the" Secretaiy of the Interior
shows us that four thousand six hundred and for-
ty-nine and one half miles of railroad have been
built, or provided for, by the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress alone. How many schools have been es-
tablished, and how many public buildings have
been erected by Congress in this way, the report
does not show. It would take up all my alloted
time to show one half t-hc donations to the new
States, and for what purposes; therefore I will
forbear. Suffice it to say, that scarcely a single
grant is not in direct contravention of this doc-
trine, whether right or wrong. And before I close
this subject, I may be permitted to remark upon
the strangeness of the fact, that no land bill has
passed this Congress, and become a law, which
made provision for an equal division among all
the States. The faintest shadow of justice and
equality in a land bill is sufficient to " damn it to
everlasting fame." Bennett's land bill could not
get through, neither could the agricultural col-
lege bill of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill;] and though the lunatic asylum bill
got through Congress, it met its quietus on the
ground of unconstitutionality, at the hands of a
President who signed bills giving away lands
enough to build four thousand six hundred and
forty-nine miles of railroad, and many million
acres beside for works of a similiar nature !
But, sir, we are continually told thatit becomes
no man to talk about a waste of the public reve-
nues, or to recommend economy, who voted for
the old soldiers' bill; that that was a measure of
such reckless and dangerous extravagance, as to
completely shut the mouths of all who are anx-
ious to promote a reform in our alarming expend-
itures. I am glad to hear that word economy
coming from such gentlemen. I am delighted to
know, sir, that Saul is once more among the
prophets, though he come even " in such ques-
tionable shape" as a reformer; for if theie ever
was a time in the history of the Government,
when retrenchment and reform were needed, now
is that time. Put in the knife, sir, by all means.
Let it be sharp and keen, and I will help and hold
and cry, " Lay on, Macduff!" and well done,
while the bright blade flashes right and left, red-
dening as it goes, among the foul ulcers of the
body-politic, till the last one is removed.
But I do not wish to begin to economize in the
wrong place. I do not wish, sir, to let the first
stroke fall on the best, the noblest, the most use-
ful part of the whole nation, the gallant soldiers
of the war of 1812. What would be thought, sir,
of the man who would begin to reform his house-
hold expenses, by giving a half feed to his horse,
his ox, and his plowman? Instead of saving
money, sir, he would dry up the source of his
wealth entirely; for in a short time, his plow-
man and his horse would be as weak as a politi-
cian's promises, as feeble as a modern platform.
Such a man would hardly be termed a bad econo-
mist; he would be called a fool, and would deserve
the appellation. He should commence by cutting
off all the superfluous parts of his establishment
first,so there might be no diminution in the com-
forts of those who labored. So, sir, we should
begin in the national household, to lop off the
superfluous excrescences that uselessly feed on the
Treasury. We might profitably decapitate some
thousands of that class of hungry hangers-on,
who swartrj in the land with the numbers and the
rapacity of the Egyptian locust, "devouring-evcry
green thing." I contend, sir, that the citizen sol-
dier is at once the pride and glory, the stay and
the surety of the nation; and no Government is
wise which refuses to contribute, in this way, to
the fostering of that warlike spirit in its militia.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] told
us the other day, that this spirit originated solely
in patriotism and devotion to our liberties, and
that no greater insult could be offered to those
gallant men than to put their services in the war of
1812 on a footing of dollars and cents. "Patriot-
ism," said he, "is its own reward." What q pity
it is that he is not as prompt to defend these men
from real want as from imaginary insult! I would
not do any soldier of that war the injustice to sup-
pose for a moment that thought of the pay influ-
enced him in the slightest. His coifhtry was in
danger; that was enough for him. The bugle-
blast told him that theinvadei's foot was upon the
soil; and he went to the rescue. But this is all the
greater reason why they deserve well at our hands.
As they were prompt and brave to defend us, so
should we be prompt and liberal to repay them.
I do not believe they are sufficiently repaid by
the honor and glory they have acquired. Thou-
sands of these men are now in the deepest pov-
erty, and have the hardest work to keep the wolf
from the doors of their homes, where dwell their
wives and little ones. Can one of them walk into
the market and buy a Jump of beef or a leg of
mutton, with glory? What merchant advertises
that he will take either glory, honor, or renown,
in exchange for beef, pork, and cabbage ? I doubt,
sir, if eittfer the gentleman from Ohio or myself
would agree to represent our constituents in .this
Hall, glorious a? it is, without—to speak in Kan-
sas technology—"an enabling statute." You may
talk'of glory as much as you like, but these old
soldiers want some more substantial testimonial
of the country's gratitude.
That argument, sir, reminds me of the custom,
in Catholic countries, of having the priest to pass
over the fields in the spring and bless the expected
crop. On one such occasion, the priest being
something of an agriculturist, paused at one field,
which was very poor and sterile; " here, my
friends," said he, " blessing will do no good; this
field must have manure." The old soldiers, sir„
value the glory they have acquired, no doubt; but
they must have'something that will do more good
than empty fame.
Sir, I hope that gentlemen will not be guilty of
the sin of so often taking the name of economy
in vain, for the people will not hold them guilt-
less. I protest, sir, against making this word
cover all the sins of the age. There are but few
of these soldiers alive, and they are all necessa-
rily far advanced in years. It is but now and then
that you meet with orte of them; and if we do
our duty in cutting down our ruinous expendi-
tures at the present session, the amount required
to pay them will scarcely be felt. The bill pro-
vides no back pay, and only gives a small sum
for life, graduated according to the length of the
soldiers' services. In my opinion, the vast amount
so unwisely spent in the bloodless Mormon war,
would be sufficient for this bill. I do earnestly
hope that the Senate may consider it favorably,
and that it may become a law.
CENTRAL AMERICA—SLAVE .TRADE-CUBA.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES B. CLAY,
OF KENTUCKY,
Lv the House of Rebresentatives,
February 7, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. CLAY said:
Mr. Chairman: I have sought the floor, sir,
for the purpose of giving expression to views 1
entertain upon some branches of the foreign pol-
icy of this country. It will be my endeavor,
clearly and plainly, to make known my opinions;
and that 1 may do so, I propose to state, in the
beginning, the matters I intend to discuss.
There are three questions which have, of late,
more than any other connected with our foreign
affairs, occupied the public attention: they are
intimately connccted in principle, and full of im-
portance to the destiny of the nation:
1. England, Central America, and the Clayton-
Buhver treaty.
2. The slave trade and our engagements to Great
Britain for its suppression.
3. The acquisition, in any manner, of the Island
of Cuba.
Sir,forafull understanding of England's connec-
tion with Central America and the subject of the
treaty called the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, it is ne-
cessary to go back to a period anterior to the foun-
dation of this Government; and, although I cannot
expect to bring forward any historical facts which
have not heretofore been brought to the attention
of Congress and the country, I shall make a rapid
resume" of such prominent matters of history as
I think necessaiy to the elucidation of my views,
believing that, however much attention may ever
before have been given to them, there was no time
when they presented themselves in an attitude so
imposing and full of importance as now.
Omitting all the incidents of Spanish conquest
so graphically detailed, and so beautifully wrougli t
up by the genius of the venerable Prescott, whose
death I have noticed with great regret, I shall go
no further back than the time when Spain, being
in full possession of the whole of Central Amer-
