88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong.,..2d Sess.
Central America—Slave Trade—Cuba—Mr. Clay. ■
Ho. of Reps.
ica and the adjacent islands, allured by the rich
cargoes and golden freight of the Spanish galleons,
the buccaneers, the filibusters, and the pirates of
tiie countries of Europe, and especially of Eng-
land, first began to gain a foothold upon the soil.
For many of my facts I am indebted to^the writ-
ings of an English clergyman, whose work, I
understand, his own country have sought to sup-
press, because it contains too much truth for the
purposes of the British Government.
Among the islands of the Bay of Honduras is
that of Roatan. This island, with one or two
others less important, was taken possession of, in
1642, by a British pirate; in 1650, the pirate horde
were expelled from it by Spanish foices. In 1740,
British settlements had been formed on the Mos-
quito shore, and at that early period a connection
with the Pacific had been conceived by means of
the river San Juan and the Lake of Nicaragua.
In 1780, a formidable expedition was sent by the
•English to the river San Juan, in which the heroic
Nelson commanded a ship, without any result.
The river and town of Belize became the retreat
of a lawless band of pirates, whose irregularities,
murders,piracies, and atrocities of every kind,
are said to have been perpetrated with barbarous
indifference, because punishment was unknown.
Thus, the British settlements at Roatan, on the
Mosquito shore, and at Belize, first had their or-
igin with a class of persons far worse than any
filibusters of the present day, British pirates of
the fifteenth and sixteenth century.
More than one hundred yeais ago, the constant
conflicts between the British and the Spaniards
became the subject of contention between the two
Governments. In 17G3, a treaty was concluded
by which the subjects of Great Britain were per-
mitted to cut and carry away logwood from the
bay of Honduras. Sixteen years after, in 1779,
the logwood cutters were attacked by the Span-
iards, dispersed, and many carried into captivity.
In 1783, after the American war, a treaty was
made between Great Britain and Spain, by which
British subjects weie again allowed to cut log-
wood in certain localities, well defined by bound-
aries, an article of which provided that the stipu-
tions therein should not be considered as derogating
hi any wise from the SpanUi righto of sovereignly.
Other articles were afterwards added to this
treaty, extending the limits set by it, mid author- '
izmg the cutting of other descriptions of woods, j
but forbidding tho cultivation of the soil, and al- !
ways carefully guarding the Spanish rights of!
sovereignty. In 1798, the Spaniards, having be-
come jealous of the British settlements, sent an
expedition against them, but were beaten oil*. In
the mean time the British had more than once
taken possession of the Island of Roatan, fiom !
which they were as often dislodged by the Span- |
lards. From the mere circumstance of having |
been able to maintain themselves m the posses- j
sion of the rights granted by the Spnniaids, the j
British now began to claim to hold by (he right ,
of conquest.
I deem it unnecessary to go over the period be-
tween 1800 and 3850, when the Clayton-Buhver
treaty was made between the United States and
England—unnecessary to refer at length to the
continued expansion of her pretended claims; the
emancipation of the Central American States from
Spanish rule; England's assumption of a pro-
tectorate on the Mosquito shore, with its inci-
dents so disgraceful to an enlightened nation; the
seizure of Greytovvn upon the veriest pretext,
and the annexation of Tiger Island, notwith-
standing its cession to the United States. These
matters of recent date are, perhaps, familiar to
the public mind. Suffice it, that England's only
title rests upon treaties with Spam, which gave
Iter the right to cut various descriptions of woods
within certain bounds, in which the Spanish
rights of sovereignty were always expressly and
emphatically reserved. The emancipation of the
colonies of Spain gave no new right to England.
AH that she had was acquired directly thiough a
eiass of her subjects who had effected their lodg-
ment, not for the sake of colonizing and improv-
ing the condition of the country and people upon
whom they trespassed, but under the pretext of
cutting logwood, for the purpose of robbery, mur-
dcrs and piracy. A foothold once obtained by
any'means soever, those who had been puates by
every law on earth were made to serve designs !
of British aggrandizement, and were transformed |
into loving British colonists and subjects. |
Sir, let us glance over the map and see what
territory, in J850, England claimed to hold or
protect; and, in this connection, I will say thai, as
distinguished from the actual sovereignty, Iiecognize
no such thing as a protectorate. On the northern
shore of the Bay of Honduras, she possessed
herself of about twenty thousand square miles;
the Island of Roatan, at least one hundred and
fifty square miles; by a treaty with one of the
contending parties in Yucatan, she extended the
northern boundary of her Central American em-
pire about three thousand six hundred square
miles of additional territory; to this must be added
her assumed protectorate over the Mosquito shore;
in ail, including islands, a sum total of more than
eighty thousand square miles, or nearly one third
of all Central America. Was not this filibuster-
ing with a vengcance and to a purpose ? Yet
what complaints have been made of American
fillibusteis! We have even seen an American
ship visited in the very waters of San Juan upon
the ingenious pretext thdt the negotiations of Sir
William Gore Ouseley should not be embarrassed
by their operations; as though the existence of
war, in any shape, had ever inteifered with Brit-
ish diplomacy !
The inquiry naturally .suggests itself, what
could have been the cause that the United States
stood silently by and witnessed this gradual ac-
quisition of an empire, by Great Britain, at our
\ery threshold. The answer is easy. First, the
war of the Revolution — then the war of 1812, term-
inated in 1815, from the effects of which long
years were required for the country to recover.
So much were we occupied, internally, that tho
silent, secret operations of Great Britain were al-
most unobserved. Yet the fathers of the Repub-
lic were not blind to its destiny.
On the 2d December, 1H23, President Monroe
sent to Congress his message containing the fa-
: nious Momoe doctune. It asserted—
"Tli.it I lie United tftate-i con It! no I view any intel portion
!>y any I'Juiopr.m 1'ower, t<>) the ptupoM' of iiit* or
eontiolhii!? in any other manner tho destiny or the Amen- |
e.ui Government's who hail rteclumt and maintained their !
independence, m any oilier Imhr than a* the inanile^tauon j
oi an untnendlv deposition towards the Umted Slates.'' |
Establishing the principle as applicable to this
continent, which ought thereafter to be insisted
upon— !
•'That no Etnopoan nation ought to bo allowed to plant ;
upon it new colonies." i
This principle was asserted in 1825 by Mr.
Adams, m \\u message to the Senate on the sub-
ject of the purposes of the Congress at Panama,
and by his Seoetaty of State in hi« then famous
Panama instructions of the following year, to
its broadest extent, instructing the minister ac-
credited to that congress to propose a joint decla-
ration of all the American States to the same
effect. In the same year, (182(i,) Mr. Webster,
in his great speech on the subject of the Panama
mission, went as far as any one had ever gone
before or since to uphold and maintain the doc-
trine, at the same time mentioning that the decla-
lation of the principle was hailed with unbounded
applause by the British Parliament. Mr. Brough-
am declared—
" That no event had ever cieated greater joy, exultation,
and jiiautude among all the fieemen in Eutope; that he
lcit pudc m bpinsf connected by blood and language with the
people ot the Cniied States^; that I tie policy di-etosed by the
nuN'-nyo bccanic a gieal, a Iree. and independent nation ;
and that he hoped lit.-* own countiy would be piovented by
no mean pude or petty jealousy fiom following &o noble and
L'ioi ion*, an o.\a:npic.*'
i This principle, thus promulgated to the world,
|j became a cherished part of tho public law which
!i was to govern the relations of this country with
!: the nations <|f Europe.
jj By what strange infatuation Mr. Clayton was
|| ever induced to make the treaty in 1850, known
(! as the Clayton-Buhver treaty, or how the Senate
jj came to approve it, it is impossible to conceive.
!! The Father of his Country had warned us to be-
11 ware of entangling alliances. Surely this was
j: one. Intending to put anend*to British acquisi-
jj tions in Central America, even according to our
j! construction of it, it at the same time placed an
i; obstacle insuperable, as long as it shall remain m
!! fuice, to our own advance in that quarter. Mean-
ing to apply the Monroe doctrine to Great Brit-
ain, it in reality applied it to us.
Important as was the aspect of the Central
American question at that day, involving the most
direct communication between the two great
oceans, yet it did not appear to possess the vital
interest it now does. Although we had acquired
California, her population was small and her re-
sources'undeveloped; although gold was known
to exist, the rich streams of the precious metals
which have since been poured from her cornu-
copia into the laps of the older States had scarce
begun to flow. Now, the shortest, the best, and
most expeditious route over the isthmus is abso-
lutely indispensable to the very possession and
well-being of our Pacific domain; and we would
be justified, by that great law of necessity which
is at the foundation of and beyond all human
laws, even to seize upon, if there were no other
remedy, any portion of Central America that
might be required to afford a safe, certain, and
quick connection with the Pacific.
This treaty, condemned by the whole country,
wherever an expression has been made—the Mon-
roe doctrine, in express terms, made a part of
the .Cincinnati platform, and adopted as a funda-
mental principle of the party that eleetpd him—
President Buchanan, in the first message he sent
to the Congress of the United States, expressed
himself in the strongest terms in favor of abro-
gating. He thought it ouatfit to have been done
promptly and long ago. He informed us, at the
same time, that overtures had indeed been made
by Great Britain, in a filendly spirit, fur the pur-
pose of adjusting the difficulty arising out of the
different constructions put upon the treaty by the
two countries, upon which result he was not pre-
pared to express an opinion. He did not inform
us that the object of the overtures referred to was the
absolute abrogation of the treaty. The majority of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of this House,
entertaining the fullest confidence in the sincerity
of the President, looking to the principle of Mr.
j! Mom no's message as the sense of the country,
1: and his own opinion expressed in the most solemn
! manner, offered, early in the last session a reso-
■ i lution, almost in the very language of tho mes-
i; sage, requesting the President to take such steps
j; as might be, in his judgment, best calculated to
ji effect y speedy abrogation of the treaty. It was
ij not the design of the committee to interfere in
'j any manner with the treaty-making powdt; but
!j simply that this House should express its opin-
l! ion sustaining and upholding that of the Presi-
|| dent. Some of those opposed to any action on
it tho subject, urged that it would be transcending
its proper sphere to express its opinion. I, for
one, entirely deny any such doctrine. I utterly
repudiate it. I believe one of the very purposes
for which Representatives come here biennially,
fresh from the people, is to give expression to
the true sense of the country upon any and all
subjects of public interest. Although the resolu-
tion has not yet been passed, the vote upon its
engrossment conclusively showed the opinion of
a inojouty of the Representatives of the people.
In his message of this session, the Piesident
informs us that the cloud which had hung over
the purposes of one of the British Ministers has
•been raised. We are told that he has proceeded
to Central America to negotiate a surrender of the
claims of his country to her assumed sovereignty
and protectorate in that region. Sir, whilst I am
now, and expect to be until it is accomplished, as
much m favor of the entire abrogation of a treaty
which I regard as a disgrace to this country, as
the assertion of the principle of the Monroe doc-
trine was regarded an honor and a glory even by
British statesmen, yet I am not unwilling to await
the result of the pending negotiations; confess-
ing, however, an utter want of faith m any British
diplomacy which assumes to have for its object
the abandonment of a claim to one foot of terri-
tory; and which, I feel sure, will be justified by
the event of that now being conducted by his Ex-
cel'ency Sir William Gore Ouseley.
I come now, sir, to the second branch of my
subject—the slave trade, and our engagements to
Great Britain for its suppression. I believe that
with the slave trade to any part of the continent,
.except to her own colonics, England has nothing
whatever to do. It is my opinion that the course
