1859-]
APPENDIX TO THL CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Central America—Slave Trade—Cuba—Mr. Clay.
Ho. op Re^s.
pursued by her on the subject is a direct interpo-
sition in the affairs of this continent which she has
no right to make; and, moreover, that that por-
tion of the treaty of Washington, ratified the 22d
March, 1842, relative to the slave trade, and bind-
ing us in engagements to Great Britain, constitutes
an alliance in the highest degree entangling. I
refer to the eighth article of the treaty. It stipu-
lates—
" That each of the nations shall prepare, equip, and main-
tain in service on the coast of Africa, a sufficient and ade-
quate squadron or naval force of vessels, of suitable num-
bers and descriptions, to carry in all not less than eighty
guns, to enforce separately and respectively the laws, rights,
and obligations of each of the two countries, for the sup-
pression of the slave trade; but the two Governments stip-
ulating nevertheless to give such orders to the officers com-
manding their respective forces as shall enable them most
effectually to act m concert and cooperation. 
The effect of this engagement has been and is,
that whilst we do*not desire the introduction of
slaves from the coast of Africa into this country,
and which it is believed has never been done, un-
less, perhaps, m the case now undergoing judicial
investigation, our laws declaring it to be piracy,
we are forced, under this article of the treaty, to
maintain at vast expense on the coast of Africa a
squadron equal to about one seventh of our whole
force in commission, at the imminent risk of life
to our officers and men, to prevent the introduc-
tion of slaves into countries which perhaps de-
sire to have them, and with whose internalpohcy
we have nothing to do; thus, at the very time
when the majority of the people of the United
States have declared that this Government will
not intervene upon the subject of slavery in our
own territory, continuing a direct intervention
thereupon in foreign countries. The worst con-
sequences, consequences endangering the peace
'of the civilized world, have been the result of this
entangling alliance. That our ships have been
and are almost daily visited on the coast of Af-
rica, by British cruisers, is a fact that can be easily
established; and it was only last year, when our
flag, repeatedly insulted within sound of cannon
of our own shores, aroused the country to such
a pitch that the nation was ready to spring to
arms.
Whilstannouncingmyself opposed to the slave
trade for our own country, and willing to see
proper laws passed for its prevention to our own
shores, I confess that I am not opposed to it on
the score of humanity, believing the condition of
the negro slaves in the United States to be far
better and happier than is that of the African
race in any other portion of the world. It is on
account of the white race, and upon grounds of
expediency, that I base my opposition to a re-
opening of the slave trade.
Does any one acquainted with the subject be-
lieve that England really desires to suppress the
trade? I certainly do not. It is true that under
the influence of Wilberforce and olhcis, she at
' one time adopted a policy which desolated some
of the finest of the West India Islands—a policy
which, ever since its results have been fully de-
veloped, she has been sedulously endeavoring to
repair, by the introduction of a new class ofslaves,
whose condition of slavery is far worse than that
of those whom she emancipated; and such has
now become the sentiment upon the subject in
Europe, that even the eloquence of the Earl of
Carlisle, who is now endeavoring to play the
worn-outrdJe of Wilbeiforce, cannot again excite
the nation against its interests. I believe, sir,
that it is novv part of the policy of Great Britain,
whilst appearing to desire to suppress the slave
trade, in reality that it shall continue. How does
her cooly system, and her negro-apprentice sys-
tem, differ from the most unlimited slavery, ex-
cept in the horrible feature which they assert,
that when they have exhausted the energies of
the man, they send him back to starve and die in
the country from which they forced him. I as-
sert my belief that she desires a continuance of
the slave trade, and for two purposes; to give em-
ployment and prize money to her seamen, and to
obtain apprentices for her colonies. It is a fact
not known to every one, that for every slave
taken by a British cruiser she receives five pounds,
or about twenty-four dollars, and a like sum for
every ton the vessel measures. And what be-
comes of the miserable slave? Is he taken back
to the country from which he came, as we send
back to Africa those captured by our cruisers?
Not at all ? The slave ships are taken either to
Sierra Leone or to St. Helena, and the slaves,
often without even being landed, are reshipped
on board of British transports and sent to Dem-
erara, Berbice, and her West India Islands, and
apprenticed for a limited number of years. But
the instances of their ever getttng back to Africa
are so rare as scarcely to form exceptions to the
rule.
If Great Britain really wished to put a stop to
the slave trade, it is believed that she could easily
accomplish it. The trade is now principally car-
ried o'n from the river Congo, and from the near
vicinity of her own possessions on the coast of
Africa. Those who are best acquainted with the
subject, assert thata few forts, block-houses, at the
mouth of that river, and i'n other localities where
slaves are obtained, live hundred free blacks and
a few white officers would effectually put a stop
to it. But then her seamen woula lose their prize
money, and she her ten-year apprentices, which
cost her only twenty-five dollars a head. She
would lose, too, a large part of that commerce
which is beginning to be by no means inconsider-
able to us, and which the conduct of her cruisers
threaten to destroy. The files of the State De-
partment are full of claims against her for indem-
nity for illegal seizures of vessels, upon the
veriest pretexts of being engaged in the slave-
trade.
Sir, it is fortunate for us that the eleventh article
of the same treaty of Washington places it in our
power to put an end to the obligations of the
eighth, whenever we may choose to do so. It
provides that " the eighth article shall be in force
five years from the date of the exchange of the
ratification of the treaty, and afterwards, until
one or other of the parties shall .signify a wish to
terminate it." I believe it is the true policy of
this Government at once to give* notice of such
desire, because, as I have said, it is against a de-
clared principle rif the United States, and because,
if we even wisli to continue a police of the Afri-
can coast, on our own account, wc can do so with
a few steamers, at far less cost than with a naval
force of eighty guns.
Mr. Chairman, it is with the highest satisfac-
tion that I hailed that portion of the last annual
message of the President upon the subject of the
acquisition of the Island of Cuba. J believe, sir,
that there is no subject of our foreign relations
whatever at all to comparo with it; and it is some-
what remarkable that whilst the statesmen of this
country have differed upon questions of the acqui-
sition of all other portions of territory since the
foundation of the Government, there has been
but one opinion as to this. Florida, Louisiana,
Texas, California, and New Mexico, all have
had their opponents; we were even willing to
yield something of our claims upon our noilh-
west boundary; but no one has for a moment
doubted the vital necessity to us of the acquisi-
tion of Cuba; each day becoming more apparent.
Sir, it is not upon the ground which has been
so eloquently adverted to by many gentlemen on
this floor, the great wealth and extreme fertility
of the island, that I base my ardent desire that it
shall be acquired by the United States. Argu-
ments of that sort, addressed to cupidity, are, in
my judgment, unworthy the consideration of a
great nation. It is because Cuba has been placed
by the Maker of all things in such a position
upon the earth's surface as to make its posses-
sion by the United States a geographical and po-
litical necessity; and if she were a mere barren
rock like Gibraltar, I would as earnestly desire
its acquisition as now. Instead of referring to its
commerce and its resources, let us take but a sin-
gle glance at our own, which this island, by its
position, in the event of difficulty with Spain, or
with any country with which she is in close alli-
ance, effectually commands.
Of all the regions of the earth, with its Anglo-
Saxon race, its immense fertility, and, its vast
surface, the valley of the Mississippi, if not to-
day the most important in agricultural produc-
tions, is destined soon to be beyond all compar-
ison. With one thousand milesfromNew Orleans
to St. Louis, two thirds of the distance the finest
cotton land on the globe; above St. Louis, with
fifteen hundred miles on each of the two rivers,
the Missouri and the Mississippi, oyer ^hich
settlement and cultivation has extended, or is
rapidly extending; one thousand miles for tEe
Ohio, which waters the very heart of the-present
agriculture of these States, to say nothing of the
vast extent of the other rivers which flow info
them; what an empire in this valley is exhibited
to the world# I have no time to go into statistical
statements; the importance of the subject is too
vast for ordinary figures. The CQtton interest
alone, with its millions of bales, whose produc-
tion has sprung up in a life-time, has assumed
such importance that the very life-blood of Eng-
land depends upon it. "Cotton is king," says a
Senator from South Carolina. Whilst I am not
willing to admit this dogma, yet neither you nor X,
sir, nor the world beside us, can close our eyes t(>
the immense importance of the staple--—morally,
socially, and politically. Whenweadd to cotton,
sugar, and grain, the animal products of this
great valley, which pass either coastwise or to
foreign countries through the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi; when we consider how they must all be
incfeased and magnified even during our lives,
should it please Providence to spare us to the or-
dinary term of human life, what a spectacle .is
presented to the forecast of the statesman !
In addition to the valley of the Mississippi,
Texas, one of the young daughters of the Repub-
lic, is already beginning to loom up as one of the
richest of the States; Alabama, with her great re-
sources, finding chiefly an outlet from he* port of
Mobile. These interests, whose territory circles
one half the Gulf, are but a part of the enumera-
tion. All our commerce with our Pacific States,
before you and I are dead, sir—most probably the
commerce of the Indies—will pass through the
Caribbean sea. All this, sir, all, must pass within
gun-shot almost, of the Island of Cuba. From the
Florida capes to the'island, and fiom the island
to the nearest point of Yucatan, the distance is
about the same, less than one hundred and thirty
miles. All the commerce of the Gulf must pass
between one or the other of these channels. A
few small steamers of war, quietly brought to-
gether, and suddenly thrown across each channel,
never out of sight of each other, could, in a time
shorter than would be necessary to send a force
to sweep them from the seas, produce such havoc
and destruction of our commerce from the Gulf
alone, as even the wealth of the Island of Cuba
could not reimburse. So well was the importance
of the geographical position of Cuba understood
by our older statesmen, that, thirty-odd years
ago, in the celebrated Panama instructions, this
language was used:
"iV<> Power, not even Spain herself, has, in such a variety
of form*, so deep an intercut in its future fortunes as the
United St.it 'h."
Mr. Webster was afraid to trust himself to
speak upon the subject. Sir, times have changed.
In 1826 we were a weak country; our population
was less than twelve millions, if our statesmen
at that day had the courage to hold the language
they did, how ought we to speak now, with near
thirty millions of people, every day increasing in
a degree far beyond the laws of natural increase,
and with power and resources which place us in
the first rank of the nations of the earth ? Sir, the
march of our destiny is onward. Shall we be un-
true to our sires who gave the propulsion ? Cuba
is necessary to our well-being and to our contin-
ued prosperity. General Jackson is reported to
have said, on some occasion, " that men made
the constitutions of countries, but God made the
geography." So men make what is called the
law of nations, from the necessities of States, but
God makes the geography which controls the ne-
cessity. We must have Cuba, from a necessity
which the Maker of the world has created.
Our foreign policy has ever been weak and
timid. England and France, the two great Powers
of Europe, nearest to us, who have assumed the
right to declare to the rest of the world what
shall be the true construction of the law of na-
tions, have never been restrained for an instant
by its requirements in their purposes of aggran-
dizement. Look at India, the pages of whose story
are blotted all over with blood. Who that reads
the English language can ever forget the impeach-
ment of Warren Hastings, conducted by the
ablest minds England ever produced? What an
