1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9¥
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
Senate.
authorities of Havana, and other towns, protest-
ins: their devotion to the Crown, and tjieir hostil-
ity to the institutions of the United States. Any
one who has had an opportunity of observing; the
persuasive influence of the bayonet, in countries
where it rules supreme, will know how much
value to attach to such demonstrations of popu-
lar sentiment. There can be no doubt that an
immense majority of the people of Cuba are not
only in favor, but ardently desirous of annexation
to the United States. It would be strange, in-
deed, if they were not so; deprived of all influ-
ence, even in the local affairs of the island—un-
represented in the Cortes—governed by succes-
sive hordes of hungry officials, sent from the
mother country to acquire fortunes to be enjoyed
at home; having no sympathy with the people,
among whom they are mere sojourners, and upon
whom they look down as inferiors; liable to be ar-
rested at any moment on the most trifling charges;
tried by military courts or submissive judges, re-
movable at pleasure; punished at the discretion
of the captain general—they would be h ss than
men if they were contented with their yoke. But
we have the best authority, from the most relia-
ble sources, for asserting that nearly the entire
native population of Cuba desires annexation.
Apprehensions have been expressed by some
southern s'atesmen,of perils resulting from the
different elements composing the population, and
the supposed rmxtuteof races. Theyarenot jus-
tified by the facts. The entire population, by the
census of 1850, was 1,247,230, of which 605,5G0
were whites, 205,570 free colored, and 436,100
slaves.
Allowing the same annual percentage of increase
for each class, as shown by comparison with_the
previous census, the total population noy is about
1,586,000, of which 742,000 are whites, 263,000
fiee coloied, and 581,000 slaves. There is good
reason to suppose that the slaves considerably
exceed the estimated number, it having been, until
very teccntly, the interest of the proprietor to
undetstate it. The feeling of caste or race, is as
marked in Cuba as in the United Stares. The
white cieole is as free from all taint of African
blood as the descendant of the Goth on the plains
of Castile. There is anumo ous white peasantry,
brave, robust, sober, and honest, not yet perhaps
prepared intelligently to disohaige all the duties
of the citizen oi a fiee Republic, but who, from
his ot^anization, physical and mental, is capable
of being ele\ ated by culture to the same level with
the educated Cubans, who, as a class, are as re-
fined, well-informed ,and fitted for self-government
as men of any class of any nation can be who have
not inhaled with their breath the atmosphere of
fieedom.
Many of them- accompanied by their families
arc to be met with every summer at our cities and
watf ring places, observing and appreciating the
working of our form of Government and its mar-
velous lesults; many seeking, until thearnval of
more auspicious duvs, an asylum from the op-
pression that has driven them from their homes;
while hundreds of their youths m our schools and
colleges are acquiring oui language and fitting
themselves hereafter, it is to be hopetl at no dis-
tant day, to play a distinguished part m their own
legislative halls, or m the councils of the nation.
'"These men, who are the great proprietors of
the soil, are opposed to the continuance of the
African slave trade, which is carried on by Span-
iards fioni the peninsula, icnegade Ameiieans,
and other ad ventureis from evci y clime and coun-
try, toleiated and protected by the authorities of
Cuba ol every giado.
Were there a sincere desire to arrest the slave
trade, it could be us effectually put down by Spam
as it has been by Brazil. Cuba and Porto Rico
are now the only marts for this illegal traffic; and
ll the British Government had been as intent
upon enforcing its treaty stipulations with Spam
for its abolition as it has been in denouncing
abuses of our Hag, which wc cannot entirely pre-
vent, this question would long since have ceased
to be a source of irritating discussion, it may be
of possible future difficulty. Those who desire
to extirpate the slave trade may find in their sym-
pathy for the Afiican a motive to support this
bill.
We have, since the conclusion of the Ashburton
treaty in 1842, kept up a squadron on the coast
of Africa for the suppression of the slave trade,
and we are still bound to continue it. The annual
cost of this squadron is at least $800,000. The
cost m seventeen years amounts to $13,600,000,
and this, too, with results absolutely insignificant.
It appears, from a report of a select committee of
the British House of Commons, made in March,
1850, that the number of slaves exported from
Africa had sunk down in 1842, (the very year in
whi<^ the Ashburton treaty was concluded,) to
nearly thirty thousand. In 1843 it rose to fifty-
five thousand. In 1846 it was seventy-six thou-
sand; in 1847 it was eighty-four thousand, and
was then in a state of unusual activity. Sir Charles
Hotham, one of the most distinguished officers of
the British navy, and who commanded on the
coast of Africa for several years, was examined
by that select committee. He said that the force
under his command was in a high state of dis-
cipline; that, his views were carried out by his
officers to his entire satisfaction; that, so far from
having succeeded in stopping the slave trade, he
had not even crippled it to the extent of giving it
a permanent check; that the slave trade had been
regulated by the commercial demand for slaves,
and had been little affected by the presence of his
squadron, and that experience had proven the
system of repression by cruisers on the coast of
Africa futile—this, too, when the British squad-
ron counted twenty-seven vessels, comprising sev-
eral steamers, carrying about three hundred guns
and throe thousand men. The annua! expense of
the squadron isi about $3,500,000, with auxil-
iary establishments on the coast costing at least
£1,500,000 more—a total cost annually of £5,000,-
000 m puisnanee of a system which experience
has proved to be futile.
in 1847, the Biazilnin slave trade was in full ac-
tivity. It has been entirely suppressed for several
yeats. The slaves now shipped from the coast
of Africa aie exr lusively for the Spanish islands.
It is not easy to estimate the number. From the
best data, however, it is supposed now to be from
twenty-five to thirty thousand per year. It would
cease to exist the moment we acquire possession
of the Island of Cuba.
The importation of slaves into the United States
was prohibited in 1808. Since then, a period of
more than fifty years, hut one case has occurred
of its violation—that of the Wanderer, which has
recently excited so much attention.
A nother consequence which should equally en-
list the sympathies of philanthropists, excepting
that cla«js who?e teats are only shed for those of
el inn hue, and who turn wil h indifference from (he
sufferings of men of any other complexion, is the
suppression of the infamous Coolie traffic—a
tiaflic so much the more nefarious as the Chinese
is elevated above the African in the scale of cre-
ation; more civilized, moio intellectual, and there-
tore feeling more acutely the shackles of the slave-
ship and the harsh 'discipline of the overseer.
The number of Chinese shipped for Cuba, since
the commencement of thetwffic up to March last,
is 28,777; of whom 4,134 perished on the passage.
From that date up to the close of the year, the
number landed at Havana was 9,449. We blush
to say that three fourths of the number were trans-
posed under the American and British flags—
under the flags of the two countries that have been
the most zealous for the suppression of the Afri-
can slave trade. The ratio of mortality on the
passage was 14] per cent., and a much laiger pro-
portion of these wretched beings were lauded m
an enfeebled condition. Coming, too, from a tem-
perate climate, they are not capable of enduring
the exposure of the tropical sun in which the Af-
rican delights to bosk. When their allotted time
of service shall have been completed, the small
remnant of the survivors will furnish conclusive
evidence of the barbarity with which they are
treated. The master feels no interest in his tem-
porary slave beyond that of extracting from him
the greatest possible amount of labor during the
continuance of his servitude. His death, or in-
capacity to labor at the end of his term, is to the
master a matter of as much indifference as is the
fate of the operative employed in his mill to the
Manchester spinner. *
Another effect of this measure, which should
recommend it most strongly to the humanitarians-,
will be the better treatment and increased happi-
ness of the slaves now existing in the island, that
would inevitably flow from it. As a general rule,
the slave is well treated in proportion to his pro-*
ductiveness and convertible value; as an expensive
instrument is more carefully handled than one of
less cost. When the importation of slaves from
abroad is arrested, the home production affords
the only means of supplying the increasing demand
for labor. It may be assumed as an axiom of po-
litical economy, that the' increase of population,
if not the only true test, is the most reliable, of
the average well-being of the class to wh?ch it is
applied. Tried by this test, the slave of the Uni-
ted States affords a very high standard as com-
pared even with the white population of our fa-
vored land. But when comparison is made with
the statistics of African- slavery in all European
colonies, the results are startling. ®inceLasCasas;
in his zeal for the protection of the Indian, orig-
inated the African slave trade, it is estimated that
the whole number transported to the New World
has been about 8,375,000. Of these, we, in our
colonial condition, and since, have only received
about 375,000. By natural increase, after deduct-
ing all who are free, we had, in 1850, 3,204,000
slaves of the African race. These, allowing the
same percentage of increase for nine years, as
the census returns show during the last decennial
period, would now number over 4,300,000; while,
from the same data, t he free colored population
would amount to 496,000, The British Wqgjt In-
i dia colonies received about 1.700,000. Thewholo
t population of those islands, including Jamaica
! and Trinidad, acquired fiom the Spaniards, and
; British Guiana, black, white, and mixed, is but
i 3,062,639. The Spanish and other West India
| Islands received about 3,000,000. This is very
' much more than their entire population to-day.
The propoition may vary in some of the colonies,
but the general result will be found everywhere
the same; a very much less number now exist-
ing of African descent, either pure or mixed, than
have been imported from Africa.
There is another aspect in which this proposi-
tion may be viewed, which is deserving of serious
1 consideration. It is forcibly put in the President's
; annual message that the multiplied aggressions
i upon the persons and property of our citizens by
j the local authorities of Cuba, for many years
I past, present,in the person of the cajHAin-general,
! the anomaly of absolute power to inflict injury
' without any corresponding faculty to redress it.
I He can, almost m sight of our shores, confiscate,
1 without just cause, the property of an American
j citizen, or incarcerate his person; but, if applied
: to for redress, we are told that he cannotact with-
| out consulting his royal mistress, at Madrid.
| There we are informed that it is necessary toawait
| the return of a report of the case, which is to be
, obtained from Cuba; and many years elapse be-
, fore it is ripe for decision. These delays, in most
i instances, amounttoan absolute denial of justice.
I And even when the obligation of indemnity is ad-
i mitted, the state of the treasury or a change of
j ministry is pleaded as an excuse for withholding
'payment. This would long since have justified
■ us in resorting to measures of reprisal that would
have necessarily led to war, and ultimately re-
I suited in the conquest of the island. Indeed, such
! is the acute sense of those wrongs prevailing
; among out people, that nothing but our rigid neu-
| trahty laws, which, so lonj>; as they remain unre-
| pealed or unmodified, a Chief Magistrate, acting
j under the sanction of his official oath to see that
i the laws be faithfully executed, is bound to en-
\ force, lias prevented the success of organized indi-
! vidua! enterprises that would long ere this have
1 revolutionized the island. It is in part, probably,
, for this cause that the President has recommended
j the policy which this bill embodies, and the world
i cannot fail to lecogmze, in its adoption by Con-
! gress, a determination to maintain him in his ef-
| forts to preserve untarnished our national char-
! actor for justice and fair dealing.
j The effects of the acquisition of Cuba will be
j no less beneficial in its commercial than in its po~
| lnical and moral aspects, The length of the isl-
! and is about seven hundred and seventy miles,
