1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
YiS
their authority. The bill before me concedes this, for it
does notcommit the funds it provides to the administration
of any other authonty.
I cannot but repeat what I have before expressed, that
if the several States—many of winch have already laid the
foundation of munificent establishments of local benefi1
cence, and nearly ali of which are proceeding to establish
them—shall be led to suppose, as should this bill become a
law they will be, that Congress is to xnaKe provision for such
objects, the fountains of charity will be dried up at home,
and the several States, instead of bestowing their own
means on the social wants of their,own people, may them-
selves, through the strong temptation which appeals to
States as well as individuals, become humble suppliants for
the bounty of the Federal Government, reversing their true
relations to this Union. Having stated my views of the lim-
itation of the powers conferred by the eighth section ot' the
first article of the Constitution, I deem it proper to call at-
tention to the third section of the fourth article, and to the
provisions of the sixth article, bearing dircctly upon the
question under consideration, which, instead of aiding the
claim to power exercised in this ease, tend, it is believed,
strongly to illustrate and explain positions which, even
without such support, I cannot regard as questionable. The
third section of the fourth article of the Constitution is in
the following terms:
" The Congiess shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful i ules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing
in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any
claims of the United States, or of any particular State."
The sixth article is as follows, to wit, that "all debts con-
tracted and engagements entered into before the adoption of
this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States
under this Constitution, as under the Confederation." For
a correct understanding of the terms used in the third sec-
tion of the fourth article, above quoted, reference should
be had to the history of the times in which the Constitution
was framed and adopted It was decided upon, in conven-
tion, on the 17th of September, 1787, and by jt Congress was
empowered "to dispose of," Sec., " the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." The only terri-
toiy then belonging to the United States, was that recently
ceded by the several States, to wit: by New York m 1781,
by Virginia in 1784, by Massachusetts in 1785, and by South
Carolina m Augusts 1*787, only the month before the forma-
tion of the Constitution. The cession fiom Viiginia con-
tained the following provision:
u That all the land within the territory so ceded to the
United States, and not reserved for, or appiopriated for, any
of the before-mentioned purposes, or disposed ofin bounty
to the officers and soldiers ot the American armv, shall be
considered a common fund for the use and benefit of such
of the United States as shall become, or have become,
members of the Confederation, or Federal alliance of the
said States, Virginia included, according to their usual re-
spective proportions in the eeneral charge and expenditure,
and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that pur-
pose, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever."
Here the object for which these lands are to be disposed of
is clearly set forth, and the article of the Constitution clearly
contemplates such disposition only. If such be the fact,
and m my mind there can be no donht of it, then you have
again not only no implication in favor of the contemplated
grant, but the stiongest authority against it. Fuithermoie,
this bill is in violation of the faiih of the Government,
pledged in the act of January 28, 1847. The nineteenth
section of that act declares :
"That, for the payment of the s>tock which may be
created under the provisions of this act, the sales of the
public lands are hereby pledged, and it is hereby made
the duty of the Secretary of theTreasury to use and apply
all moneys which may be received into the Treasury for
the sales of the puhhe lands, after the 1st day of January,
1848, first, to pay the interest on all stocks issued by vutue
of this act; and, secondly, to use the balance of said ic-
ceipts, after pa>mg the interest aforesaid, in the purchase
of said stocks at tlieir market value," &c.
The debts then contracted have not been liquidated, and
the lancua^e of thi-s section, and the obligations of the
United States under it. are too plain to need comment.
I have been unable to discover any distinction on consti-
tutional grounds, or grounds of expediency, between an ap-
propriation of $'10,000,000, directly from the money in the
Treasury, for the object contemplated, and the appropria-
tion of lands presented for my sanction; and yet 1 cannot
doubt, that if the bill proposed $10,000,000 from the Treas-
ury of the United States, for the support of the indigent in-
sane, in the several States, that the constitutional question
involved in the act would have attracted forcibly the atten-
tion of Congress.
I respectfully submit that, in a constitutional point of
view, it is wholly immaterial whether the appropriation be
in money or m land.
The public domain is the common property of the Union,
j'ust as much as the surplus proceeds of that and of duties
on imports lemainmg unexpended in theTreasury. As
such, u has been pledged, is now pledged, and may need to
be so pledged again for public indebtedness.
A* propertv, it is distinguished fioin actual money chiefly
in this respect, that its profitable management sometimes
requites that portions of it be appropuaicd to local objects
in the States wherein it may happen to he, as wouid be done
by any prudent proprietor to enhance the sale-value of his
private domain
Ali such grants of land are, in fact, a disposal of it for value
received; but they afTord no precedent or constitutional
reason tor giving away the public lands. Still less do they
give sanction to appropriations for objects which have not
been intrusted to the Federal Government, arid therefore
belong exclusively to the States.
To assume that the public lands arc applicable to ordinary
Stale objects, whether of public structuies, police, chanty,
or expenses of State admmihtration. would be to disregard,
to the amountof the value of the public land«, all the limit-
ations of the Constitution, and confound to that extent all
distinctions between the rights and power* ofthe States and
those of the United States. For, if the public lands may be
applied to rtre suppnrtof (he ptfoYj whether sane cr fnVuue;
if the disposal of them and their proceeds be not subject to
the oidmary limitations of the Constitution, then Congress
possesses unqualified power to provide for expendituies m
the States by means ofthe public lands, even to the degree
of defraying the salaries of Governors, judges, and all other
expenses of the government and internal administration
within the several States.
The conclusion, from the general survey of, the .whole
subject, is to my "mind irresistible, and closes the question
both of right and expediency, so far as regards the principle
of the appropriation proposed in tins bill; Would not the
admission of such, power m Congress, to dispose of the
public domain, work the practical abrogation of some of
the most important provisions in the Constitution?
If the systematic reservation of-a definite portion of the
public lands (the sixteenth sections) m the States, for the
puiposes of education, and occasional grants for similar
purposes, be cited as contradicting these conclusions, the
answer, as it appears to me, is obvious and satisfactery.
Such reservations and grunts, besides being a part ofthe con-
ditions on which the proprietary right of the United States
is maintained along with the eminent domain of a particu-
lar State, and by which the public land remains fiee from
taxation in the State in which it lies, as long as it remains
the property of the United States, are the acts of a mere
land owner disposing of a small shaie of las property m a
way to augment the value of the residue, and in this mode
to encouiage the early occupation of it by the industrious
and intelligent pioneer.
The great example of appai ent donations of lands to the
States, likely to be rehed upon as sustaining the principles
of this bill, is the relinquishment of swamp lands to the
States m which they are situated ; but this aUo, like other
grants already referred to, was ba«ed expressly upon grounds
cleaily distinguishable, m principle, from any which can be
assumed for the bill Herewith returned, viz: upon the inter-
est and duty of the proprietor. They were charged, and
not without reason, to be a nuisance to the inhabitants of
the surrounding country. The measure was predicated, not
only upon the ground o'f the disease inflicted upon the peo-
ple ofthe Slates, which the United States could not justify
as a just and honoiablc proprietor, but alsoupon an expiess
limitation of the application of the proceeds, in the first in-
stance, to levels and drains, thus piotecting the health of
the inhabitants, and at the .same time enhancing the value
ofthe remaining lands belonging to the Geneial Govern-
ment.
It is not to be denied, that Congress, while administering
the public lands as a proprietor, within the principle dis-
tinctly announced in my annual message, may sometimes
have failed to distinguish accurately between objects winch
are, and which are not, within its constitutional powers.
After the most careful examination, I find but two exam-
ples m the acts of Congress, which turnish any precedent
for the piesent bill j and those examples will, m my opin-
ion, serve rather as a warning, than as an inducement to
tread in the same path.
The first is the act of March 3d, 1819, granting a town-
ship of bind to the Connecticut asylum for the education of
the deaf and dumb; the second that of April 5,1826, making
a similar grant of land to the Kentucky asylum lor teach-
ing the deaf and dumb; the first more than thirty yeais
after the adoption of the Constitution, and the second more
than a quarter of a centmy a-:o. These acts weie umm-
poitant as to the amount appiopnated ; and, bo far as 1 can
asceitain, weie passed on two ground**: first, that the ob-
ject was a charitable one; and secondly, that it was na-
tional. To say that it was a charitable object, is only to say
that it was an object of expenditure proper for the compe-
tent authority; but it no more tended to show that it was a
proner object of expenditure by the United States, than is
any other purely local object appealing to the best sympa-
thies of the human heart in any of the States. And the sug-
gestion that a school for the mental cultuie of the deaf and
dumb in Connecticut, or Kentucky, is a national object,
only shows how loosely this expression has been used, when
the purpose was to procure appropriations by Congress. It
is not perceived how a school of this character is otherwise
national than is any establishment of religious or moral in-
struction. AH the putsuits of industry ; everything which
promotes the material or intellectual well-bemgof the race;
every ear of corn or boll of cotton which grows, is national
m the same sense ; for each one of these things goes to swell
the aggregate of national prosperity and happiness of the
United States; but it confounds all meaning of language to
say that these things arc " national," as equivalent to " fed-
eral," so as to come within any of the classes of appropria-
tion for which Congress is authorized by the Constitution
to legislate.
It is a marked point of the history of the Constitution,
that when it was proposed to empower Congress to estab-
lish a university, the proposition was confined to the dis-
trict intended for the future seat of government of the Uni-
ted States; and that even that proposed clause was omitted
in consideration ofthe exclusive powers conferred on Con-
gress to legislate tor that district. Could a more decisive
indication of the true construction and the spirit of the
Constitution, in icgard to all matters of this nature, have
been given ? It proves that such objects were considered
by the convention as appertaining to local legislation only ;
that they were not comprehended, either expressly or by
implication, in the grant of general power to Congress; and
that, consequently, they remained with the several States.
The general result at which I have arrived is the neces-
sary consequence of those views of the relative rights,
powers, and duties of the States and of the Federal Gov-
ernment, which I have long entertained, and often ex-
pressed, and in reference to which my convictions do but
increase in force with time and experience.
I have thus discharged the unwelcome duty of respect-
fully stating my objections to this bill, with which I cheer-
fully submit the whole subject to the wisdom of Congress.
„r ,, 0 10., FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, May 3,18o4.
Does it follow because agriculture is laudable
that therefore the power to regulate or advance
its interests is vested in us? Why, sir, the peo-
ple of Che United States have wisely reserved to
their State governments this with mafty other of
their most important interests, and it is jast as
much a violation of our duty to invade the prov-
ince of the State governments under the head of
donations as it would be to invade it by force-ami
violence. If you prodeed to a ^etaited ckM^la-
tion of this bill, you will cee that its object
tirely'to: displace the control of the Stat6 govern-
ments over the most important of all the pursuits
of our citizens', for, in making this princely grant
to the States, -it is to be made upon condition that
the Legislatures of tjie States will agree to such
and such stipulations in the nature of a treaty
between-them and the Federal* Government, as
forever to-supersede them and install us, I say,
whether £Uch an invasion of the rights of the
States be made under a pretense of grantingpub-
lic land or of granting money, k is just as atro-
cious a violation of the organic law -as if it were
the act of an armed usurper.
But, sir, this bill is not fo'r the promotion of ag-
riculture through the agency of the State govern-
ments. Beyond the title, there is nothing of-the
sort to be found in it. It sets out with the prop-
osition, in the first section, to grant some six mil-
lion acres of land; and it provides that wherever,
in any State, there shall be public lands of the
value of $1 25 an acre, that State shall take her
share within her own limits. Who is to decide
whether they are of the value of $1 25 an acrc?
The State herself? If so, it is an unlimited grant
to her of all the public lands within her own lim-
its. But, sir, it is provided that, if a State has no
lands of that value unappropriated, or has not the
whole amount donated to her under this bill, in
that event there shall be issued to her land scrip,
to make up the whole quantity of the comple-
ment. Land scrip for what5 For the benefit of
speculators; for there is an express prohibition in
the bill to any State to locate her scrip. She is
forbidden to locate it: the land never is hers; but
she is authorized to sell the scrip, and the pur-
chaser may locate it. Who will be the pur-
chasers? Here are all the Atlantic States, and
many ofthe States east of the Mississippi river,
who either have no public lands of the value of
$1 25 an acre within their limits, or at least have
not the complement given to them by this bill;
they will all be furnished with an endowment of
land scrip, which is perfectly valueless in the
States'hands, which they cannot locate anywhere,
which they are compelled by act of Congress to
sell, and it will all come into the market at once.
Every particular scrip will be thrust on the mar-
ket by all the States at once; and what will be the
price of it in the market ? Nominal. Each of the
States will derive a mere pretense, no valuable
consideration from her grant; she will never be
able to establish any college by it; she will never
be able to get any land; but the speculators, who
buy in a falling market, will get hold of it, and
will locate the scrip by empires on your public
domain. There never will be an agricultural col-
lege under this bill. Let us see, sir; the second
section ofthe bill provides:
" That in no case shall any State to which land scrip
may thus be issued be allowed to locate the same within
the limits of any other State, but their assignees may thus
locate said land scrip upon any of the unappropriated lands
of the United States subject to private entry."
And yet the bill requires each State to proceed
to establish " -within five years, at least, not less
than one college," so that it forces every dollar of
the scrip into the market at once; and, as a conse-
quence, depreciates the value of it, and throws
the public domain entirely into the hands of the
assignees of the scrip.
Well, sir, we have seen enough already of the
disastrous effect of such grants. Under the pre-
tense of providing for the benefit of the soldiers
in the Mexican war, and in former wars, we
granted lands; but, in order to secure them if pos-
sible in the hands of the soldier, we provided that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
should make the location for him, it being sup-
posed that in particular favor to the soldier, the
Government of the United States would appoint
the Commissioner of the General Laud Office to
locate the land for him; but in less than two ses-
sions, the pressure ofthe assignee of bounty land
warrants was so great, although he was forbid-
den by law, that he forced a joint resolution
• through both Houses of Congress giving to him
11 all the privileges of the original soldier; and to-
!- dayj your local tatl ofii'c'eis are tdstifrbed/fCftd (He
