94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
Senate.
■with an average breadth of aboutforty miles, com-
prisingan areaof thirty-one thousand four hundred
and sixty-eight square miles. The soil is fertile,
climate genial, and its ports the finest in the world.
Havana is more familiarly known to us; for apart
from our extensive trade, which employs several
hundred American vessels, thousands of our cit-
izens have touched at that port in our steamers,
on their way to California or New Orleans.
They have all carried away with them vivid
recollections of its magnificent harbor, and have
breathed ardent prayers that their next visit
should be hailed by the stars and stripes floating
from the Moro. And yet Cuba can boast of sev-
eral other harbors equally safe and more exten-
sive than that of Havana.
In 1855, the importations, by official custom-
house returns, were #31,216,000, the exports were
$34,803,000* As duties arc levied on exports as
well as imports, there can be no exaggeration in
these returns, anftl the real amountis undoubtedly
considerably larger.
When we consider that more than two thirds
of the whole area of the island is susceptible of
culture, and that not a tenth part of it is now cul-
tivated, we may form some idea of the immense
development which would be given to its industry
by a changefrom a system of monopoly and des-
potism to free trade and free institutions. What-
ever may be the enhanced cost of production,
caused by the increased value of labor, it will be
nearly if not quite compensated by the removal
of export duties; and of those levied on articles
produced in the United States, which are now by
unjusidiscrimination virtually excluded from con-
sumption. It is not possible, within the limits
which your committed have prescribed to them-
selves for tins report, to cite more than n few of
the most important. Of flour, on an average of
three years, from 184rt to 1850, there were im-
ported from the United States 5,(512 barrels, pay-
ing a duty ot $10 81 per barrel. From other
countries, and it is believed exclusively from
Spain, 228,002 barrels, paying a duty of §2 52
per barrel; a discrimination against our flour of
nearly two hundred percent, on it  present aver-
age value in our markets. On laid, of which the
importation from the United States was 10,1(>8,000
pounds, a duty in levied of #4 per quintal, while
of olive oil 8,481,000 pounds were imported, which
is chiefly used as its substitute, paying a duty of
K7 cents per quintal. Of beef, dry and jerked, but
339,161 pounds were imported fiom the United
States, paying a duty of $1 00 per quintal, while
the importation from other quarters, principally
from Buenos Ayres, was 30,544,000 pounds, pay-
ing a duty of$l 17, the difference being, in fact,
n protection of the Spanish (lag which thus enjoys
n monopoly of this branch of trade. To-day,
with its meieased population and wealth, it is fun-
to presume thai, weie Cuba annexed to the Uni-
ted States, with the stimulus afforded by low
prices, her annual consumption of our Hour
would be 000,000 barrels; of our laid, 25,000,000
pounds;of our beef, 20,000,000, and of pork, the
most solid and nutiitious food for the laborer,
10,000,000 pounds. The same latio of increase
would be exhibited in our whole list of exports.
Many aitides that now appeal not at all, oi in
very limited quantities, would ioree their way into
general consumption. The Spanish ilag, deprived
of the advantage of disciiminatmg duties of ton-
nage and impost, would soon abandon a compe-
tition which it could not sustain on equal terms,
and the whole cuirymg trade, foreign and domes-
tic, would fad into the hands of our enterprising
merchants and ship-owneis, but chiefly those of
the northern and middle States, while the faimer
of the west would have a new and constantly in-
creasing market open to him foi the products uf
the soil. With all the disadvantages under which
we now labor, the Ameriu.in vessels entering the
port of Havana alone last year numbered nine
hundred and fifty-eight, with a tonnage of 40.3,479.
To what figure will this be extended when ouis
shall be the national Hag of Cuba?
The cultivation of sugar is the chief basis of
the wealth and prosperity of Cuba. The aver-
age annual production, exclusive of what is con-
sumed in the island, is about 400,000 tons; that
of Louisiana, about 175,000 tons. The whole
amount of cane sugar, from which Europe and the ,
United States is supplied, is estimated at 1,273,000 i
tons; of this, Cuba and Louisiana now furnish j
somewhat more than forty-five per cent. Is it ex- ;
travagantto predict that, with Cuba annexed, we i
should in a few years have as complete control of
this gr^at staple, which has long since ceased to
be a luxury, and become almost a necessity of
life, as we^now have of cotton ?
There is one other consideration, of minor im-
portance, when compared with the vast political !
interests involved in the question of acquisition; !
it is that of cost. Ten years past, as appears i
from the published correspondence, our Minister
at Madrid was authorized to offer $100,000,000 as ;
the extreme price for the purchase of Cuba. If i
that was its value then, something may be added j
to it now. Assuming it to be $25,000,000 more,
the annual interest, without reference totheprob- :
able premium which would be realized from a |
loan, bearing five per cent, interest, would be ;
$6,250,000. Of the imposts of $31,216,000 in j
1856, your committee have not before them the |
means of ascertaining the proportion coming from :
the United States. From the summary of Balan-
zas Generales, from 1848 to 1854, m the report of
Commercial Relations, volume l,page 187, it may,
however, be fairly assumed to be somewhat more
than one fourth, or about $8,000,000. This pro-
portion would doubtless he largely increased.
Admitting it to be $16,216,000, it would leave a
balance of $15,000,000 on which duties could be
levied. Under our present tariff, the average rate
of duties is about eighteen and one eighth per
rent.; but as the articles on our free list are of very
limited consumption m Cuba, the average there
would be at least twenty jut cent. This would
yield a rev< line from customs of $3,000,000. But
under the stimulus of free trade and free institu-
tions, with the removal of many burdens from the
consumer, it would necessarily be greatly and
speedily augmented. It would bo a moderate cal-
culation to say that, in two years it would reach
$4,000,01)0. On the other hand, it may be said
that our expenditure would be largely increased.
Such is not the opinion of your committee. On
the contrary, u is believed, from the greater secu-
iity of our foiri^n lelations resulting fiom the
settlement of this long agitated and disturbing
question, our naval expenditure might be safely
reduced, while no addition to our military estab-
lishment would be requited. It has aheady been
shown that an annual saving of $800,000 may be
effected by withdrawing the African squadron,
when Us services will no longer be necessary.
Thus our expenditure for the interest on the debt
incurred by the acquisition would be credited
by $4,800,000, leaving an annual balance of but
$1,425,000 to the debit of the purchase. Is this
sum to be weighed m the balance with the advant-
ages, political and conmieicial,which would result
from it? Your committee think that it. should
not.
A few words on the wealth and resources of
Cuba, and your committee will close thus repoit,
which has swollen to dimensions not incommen-
surate with the unpoitance of the subject, but
which, it may be feared, will, under the pressuie
of othei business duung thisshcut session, bo
considered as unduly trespassing on the attention
of the Senate. The amount of taxes that can be
levied upon any people, without paralyzing their
industry, and arresting their mateual progress, is
the expo imcntuni crucis of the fertility of the land
they inhabit. Tried by this test, Cuba will favor-
ably compare with any country on either side of
the Atlantic,
Your committee have before them the last Cu-
ban budget, w|i:ch pieseins the actual receipts
and oxpendituies for one y< ar, with the estimates
for the same for the next six months. The in-
come derived from direct taxrs , customs, mo-
nopolies, loin ries, &e., is $16,303,950 The ex-
penses are ^U>,299,663. This equilibtium of the
budget is accounted for by the fact that the sur-
plus revenue, is remitted to Spain. It figures under
tiie head of Jlteuciones de la Peninsula,'' and
amounts to $1,404,059, and is the only direct pe-
cuniary advantage Spain derives from the pos-
session of Cuba, and even this sum very much
exceeds the average net revenue remitted from
that island, all the expenses of the army and
navy employed a£ or near Cuba being paid by the
island. The disbursements are those of,the gen-
eral administration of the island, those of Havana
and other cities being provided for by special im-
posts and taxes.
It may be moderately estimated that the per-
sonal exactions of Spanish officials amount to
$5,000,000 per annum, thus increasing the ex-
penses of the Government of Cuba, apart from
those which, with us, would be considered as
county or municipal, to the enormous sum of
$21,300,000, or about $13 50 per head for the
whole population of the island, free and slave.
Under this system of government, and this ex-
cessive taxation, the population has, for a series
of years, steadily increased at the mean rate of
three per cent, per annum, about equal to that of
the United States.
Since the reference of the bill to the committee,
the President, in response to a resolution of the
Senate requesting him, if not incompatible with
the public interest, to communicate to the Senate
any and all correspondence between the Govern-
mentofthe United States and the Governmentof
her Catholic Majesty relating to any proposition
for the purchase of the Island of Cuba, which
correspondence has not been furnished to either
House of Congress, informs us that no such cor-
respondence has taken place which has not al-
ready been communicated to Congress. He takes
occasion to repeat what he said in his annual
message, that it is highly important, if not indis-
pensable to the success of any negotiation for the
purchase, that the measure should receive the
previous sanction of Congress.
This emphatic reiteration of his previous re-
commendation throws upon Congress the lespon-
sibility of failure if withheld. Indeed, the infer-
ence is sufficiently clear that, without some
expression of opinion by Congress, the President
will not feel justified in renewing negotiations.
The committee beg leave to append hereto vari-
ous tables concerning statistical details of matters
tieated of in this report.
Ail of which is respectfully submitted.
fj ^ -
i p i
• C. '
y<'
fill!I ft=i
• *— • * ■ w *
- tz cr c: tc t
CO JO cczc
• JO I— to O O}
i c: o *•) o w
: O Ci CC CO  £ 
-J Ci i
CO
to ~ iO .
o c: oo r
!X y y Cfj C; — O Ci
wJK to W J* I— O ^ CI
O
& 3 s
s? —  
