7-1$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
quiet settlement of your public domain obstructed,
by men .who come hither to the General Land
Office with thousands of bounty land certificates
in, their hands, to locate,as assignees of the war-
rants. i • • ,
.tlow many soldiers havg settled oi) the public
lanils. under your bouritylandlaw? It has ended
inputting the Spites of Iowa and Wisconsin, and
perhaps Minnesota and others, into the hands of
nop-residertt,proprietors. The most disastrous,
the.greatest injury that can be inflicted upon any
gtate, is to vest the g.reat body oi* her landed prop-
erty in the hands of those who have no interest
in:i\e* prosperity ;;and, although these things were
evils, seen and feltand acknowledged.to beevils,
acknowledged to be such to that.ex tent that the
Committee on Public Lands has ever since re-
fjuseji to extend the privileges or the principles of
that act, now we see a proposition to give away
substantially every acre of the public,domain to
the assignees of land scrip issued to the States.
The third section is a beauty, also:
.Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tbat in all the ex-
pense? of management and supervision of said lauds, pre-
vious to their sales, ana all expenses incurred in the man-
agement atid disbursement of the moneys which may be
receiwM tkerefrom, stmll be paid by the States to which
they toay belong out of the treasury of said States, bo that
the, eiithe praceedsof the sale of said land shall be applied,
witfiout any diminution whatever* to the putposes herein-
after mentioned."
And thus, after having professed to give prop-
erty tp the States, landeu property, we proceeded
to'tell them how, and how only, they shall ad-
minister their own property. But, sir, what is to
be the case.with the gentlemen who are the loca-
tors', of Che Jand*? 1 do not mean the States; I
m^an.the assignees of the States. How will you
cottipel ■ them to make provision for all the ex-
penses incurred in the management and supervis-
ion of the lands? Is this Government to send out
agents in every direction to find who these assign-
ees are, private individuals, and compel them to
perform the duties imposed by the act, or is the
provision inserted merely to deceive Congress into
the idea that we are' not taking upon ourselves, in
addition to the present inordinate expenses of the
care of our public domain, the enormous expense
attending the public domain after it has passed
into the hands of private individuals?
The fourth section of the bill pursues the same
idea of tyingup the hands of the States respect-
ing their powers of legislation over their own
business, by usurping, by act of Congress, no't
merely t,he control of agriculture, but the control
of theiV own corporate institutions—agricultural
colleges established with that view. It provides:
uSjec-. 4. JlnAbaib further enacted. That all moneys de-
rived from the ealu of the land* afoiesaid by the Stales 10
which the lands are apportioned, and from the sales of land
tfcrtp hereinbefore provided for.ptmll he invented in stocks
of the United States, or of the Slates, or some other sale
Ktocks, yielding not les." than five per centum upon the par
value of said stocks; nnd that the moneys so invented «hall
constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of winch shall re-
main forever undiminished, (except so far a* may ho pro-
vided bisection filth of this act,) and the interest of which
Miail be inviolably appropuated by each State which may
take arid claim the benefit of this net to the endowment,
support, and maintenance of at least one college where the
leading object shall he, without excluding other scientific
or classical studio?, to teach such branches of learning as
are rotated to agriculture and the mechanic arts, in such
manner as the Legislatures of the States may respectively
prescribe, in order to promote the hboral and practical ed-
ucation of the industrial classes in the several pursuits and
professions in hie."
Thus we proceed even to the particular of tell-
ing them how, and how only, they shall invest
their own money. T.hey may invest it in our
stocks, or in the stocks of the States, or in some
other "safe stock;".and 1 presume, under the
general authority claimed under tins section, it
will be for Congress to decide what stocks are sa-fe
and what are not. Then comes the fifth section:
"Sec. 5. Jirulbe Ufurlher encuzt&d, That the grant of land
and land scrip hereby authorized, slull he made on the fol-
lowing conditions, to which, as well a*, to the provisions
hereinbefore contained, the previous assent of the several
States shall be signified by legislative acts."
Now, sir, if we have the right to require the
things which are specified in this section, if they
are incident to, or a part of any of the powers pos-
sessed by Congress, let us do it directly by legis-
lation; but the-sfection proceeds upon the hypoth-
esis, upon the admission, that these things which
are required in the fifth section, are things which
Congress has no right to require, except as con-
ditions to a gift; and in order to acquire that au-
thority, in order to usurp that power from the
State Legislatures, we propose to bribe them, by
the donation of public lands—bribe them to sur-
render powers which they did not surrender at
the time the Constitution was established. And
what are they? What are the powers that are
now to be drawn within the authority of Con-
gress?- What are the powers which we give the
States these millions of acres of public land to
surrender to us; but not in accordance with the
provisions of the Constitution?
" First. If-any portion of the fund invested, as provided
by the foregoing section, or any portion of the interest
thereon, shall, by anyaction or contingency, be diminished
or lost, it shall be replaced by the State to which it belongs,
so that the capital of the tund shall remain forever undi-
minished ; and the annual interest f.hall be regularly ap-
plied without diminution to the puiposes mentioned in the
fourth section of this act, except that a sum, not exceeding
ten per centum upon the amount received by any State
under the provisions of this act, may be expended for the
purchase of lands for sites or experimental farms, when-
ever authorized by the respective Legislatures of said
States."
If a State should become unfortunate as States
have been; if war, foreign invasion, domestic vio-
lence, unwise engagement in enterprises and in-
ternal improvement, or otherwise, should reduce
any one of the States in this Union to that degree
of poverty' that she could not make up a loss
occurring in this fund, a loss which may have
occurred by accident, a loss which may have oc-
curred by the misconduct of a State officer,the Gov-
ernment of the United States, under this section,
is to assume the place of an instructor to enforce
the trust against the State, to compel lier against
her will and against her ability to proceed in the
execution of a trust which the people of that State
committed to her authorities, and not to us. The
second condition is:
" Second. No portion of said fund, nor the interest there-
on, shall be applied, directly or indiiectly, under any pre-
tense whatever, to the purchase, erection, preservation, or
repair of any building or buddings."
Now, for aught we know,a State might find it
more advantageous to the promotion of agricul-
tural pursuits, that her share of this grant should
j be applied to the erection of buildings; and that
! she should meet by taxation, or other sources,
| the ordinary expenses of tuition and manage-
i ment; but we deprive her of that choice; we take
| that to ourselves; we invade in that respect the
| discretion and the reserved rights of the States,
i But, again:
| "Thud. Any State which maytakeand claim the benofit
; of the provisions of this net shall provide, within five year?,
' at least not less than one college,"—
| We are so very anxious about it, that we
' double the conditions—
j "At least not less than one college, as described in the
! fourth section of this act, or the grant to each State shall
I eeas-e; and said State shall he hound to pav the United
State* the amount received of any lands previously sold,
| ami that the title to purchasers under tiie State shall be
; valtd."
j Now I will take the case of one of the smaller j
! States of this Union. She might be embarrassed
- by debt; she might be impoverished by other
1 cause; she might not be able to establish her ag-
: ricultural college in five years; and she is to be
; punished for her poverty. Those who need, if
' any need, this grant by Congresis, are the very
ones who are not to receive it. The'rich States, the
empires with vast resources, to whom the appro-
priation of a few hundred thousand dollars for the
; purpose of setting up an agricultural college might
! be of very little consequence, are secure; but the
; States whose poverty, or whose financial embar-
rassments even, of.a temporary character, might
! prevent them from establishing a collegc within
| five years, are to lose all the benefit; and thus the
| bill gives to those who already have, and takes
i away from those who have not. The next con-
| dition is:
| " Fourth. An annual report shall be made regarding the
; progress of each college, recording any improvements and
i experiments made, with their cost and results, arid such
| other matters as may he supposed useful—one copy of which
' shall be transmitted liy mail free, by each, to ali the other
1 colleges which may be endowed under the provisions of this
[ act, and to the Smithsonian Institution, and the agricultural
! department of the Patent Office at Washington.*'
We have an amendment to the Post Office laws
put in here. It seems that, although this body,
at least, declared, at the last session, and I pre-
sume will declare again at this session, that they
considered the privilege of sending matter through
the mails free of postage a great injury to the Gov-
ernment and to the public service, we are now to
have these thirty-two agricultural colleges send-
ing, not merely letters and packages of two ounces
apiece, but sending seeds, books, and everything,
through the mail m every direction. They are to
record improvements and experiments maile,- with
their cost and ,the result, and such other matters
as may be, useful, all of .which are to be gent-" to
the agricultural department of the Patent Office."
What-is the agricultural department of the Patent
Office? Where is the law for it? There was no
such department ever authorized by Congress;
but one excrescence helps to swell another. So
with (he Smithsonian Institution; instead of being
a mere private trust, which we accepted as a pri-
vate trustee, to execute, to the extent of the will
of the donor; it now rises to the magnitude of one
of the institutions of our'Government.
The fifth provision, and the only good one in
the bill, is:
" Fifth. When lands shall be selected from those which
have been raised to double tile minimum price, in conse-
quence of railroad grants, they shall be computed to the
Slates at double the quantity."
Sir, I have thus endeavored to show the Senate
that, even conceding that it would be a wise and
constitutional measure for us to grant public
lands to the several States for the endowment of
agricultural colleges, this bill does not accomplish
the purpose; that this bill will lead to nothing but
authorizing the sale of land scrip at nominal
prices, and authorizing the assignees and pur-
chasers of that land scrip at nominal prices to lo-
cate it in immense tracts throughout all the west-
ern country, in all the new States and Territories.
Therefore, those who profess to be in favor of the
general features of the bill, owe it to themselves,
at least, that this bill should undergo the revision
of a standing committee of the Senate, having
never, as I said, received the assent of the stand-
ing Committee on Public Lands in either House.
If there were no other reason, conceiving, as I
do, that every section of the bill is so drawn, so
aptly con trived, as that the States cannot have
agricultural colleges under it; as that the States
will derive no benefit from it; as that they are
compelled to surrender into our hands rights and
privileges reserved to themselves under the Con-
stitution, and in consideration to receive a mere
donation on paper, which will pass into the hands
of speculators, who will amass fortunes—I say,
looking to this alone, it would be sufficient to in-
duce me, for one, to vote against the bill; and I
say again that, in my judgment, those who be-
lieve that Congress has the power to endow agri-
cultural colleges within the States, owe it to them-
selves that this bill, with its doors opeii to fraud
in every direction, should not be the bill with
which they inaugurate such a proposition, and
therefore the propriety of my motion that this
bill be recommitted to the standing Committee of
Public Lands.
But, sir, I deny, for one, that Congress has any
such power; nor does Congress derive any power
by reason of agriculture being a great interest.
Surely no gentleman has greater regaid for it than
I have. It is the great, predominant, overwhelm-
ing interest of the people whom I have the honor
to represent. It is an interest which, so long as
I was a member of the State Legislature, I was
very anxious to foster, and did foster, on all proper
occasions, by my vote; but it is an interest over
which, in my judgment, the Federal Government
has no jurisdiction. Nor do I believe that all the
donations of land and money made by this Gov-
ernment have been of the slightest benefit either
to theagriculturistortoanyotherinterest—I mean
any industrial interest. You are sent hither, Sen-
ators, to discharge certain duties common to all
the States; and those duties are prescribed to you
in a written charter. When you presume on the
idea that agriculture is a great interest, or manu-
factures a great interest, or commerce a great in-
terest; when you presume upon any idea of the
general prosperity of the American people as a
whole to transcend the limits of that charter, you
are not merely, in my judgment, departing from
your own duty, but you are violating the trust
which the people reposed in you; for the people
have confided these duties to other public ser-
vants—public servants whom they elect more
nearly than they elect us—public servants whose
conduct is immediately before their eyes in their
own Legislatures—public servants whom they can
