1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOSE.
TIT
rec II and dismiss at shorter ihtervals than they
can recall and dismiss us.
I said that the- bill which was returned lay the
President of the United States on> the 3d of May,
1854, was, in effect, this bill. This* question was
then fully argued. The message'itself was read;,
printed, considered, and debated for a long time.
The Senate came to a vote on the 6th July,
1 read from the Journal of that day:
"The Senate resumed'the reconsidferatioh of the bill (S.
No, 44) entitled'An act making a gram of pubhcland to the
several Siates.of the Uhioivfor the benefiti nthgent insane
persons,' returned by the President of the United States,
with his objections; and,
"After debate,
" On-the- question, 'Shall the bill pass?'
" it was decided in the negative—yeas 21, nays 26.
" Those who voted in the aflirmative are—
"Messrs. Cadger,Bell, Benjamin, Bibwn, Chase, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Dickson, Pe«tsendea, Gej'er, Gillette, Gwin,
Hamlui. Jones ofTennessee, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Sew-
ard, Stuart, Suinnei. Wade.
" Tho*e who voted m the negative arc—
" Messrs. Adams. Allen. Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Brod-
head, Butler, Cass, Clay, Dodge oi Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa. Douglas, Evans, Fiupatrick, Hunter, Jones of Iowa,
Malloiy, Mason, Norn*, Peuit, Rusk, Seba&tian, Shdell,
Toucj, Wellei, Williams."
So that the Senate has. once passed upon the
question, and thai, too, by a decisive vote. I
said at the outset, sir, that it was rather surpris-
ing that a bill, winch had not been able to com-
mand a majority of the Committee on Public
Lands in each House, should be able to accumu-
late* such strength, in the other branch of Con-
gress, and in this; but it is no wonder, perhaps,
to those who carefully consider the course of oar
legislation. If this were a bill for the benefit of
agriculture, or a bill for the advancement of jus-
tice, or a bill for any other general interest, it pro-
bably would lie, with half the bills upon your Cal-
endar, untouched from session to session; but
the moment you put into it a grant of money, or
a grant of land; the moment you interest individ-
uals; the moment you hold out the glittering
prize to the assignees of the land scrip, you will
not merely have friend# to surround both Houses
of Congress, but you will have convenient friends
to surround the State Legislatures, and persuade
them, already engaged sufficiently with the care
of their own domestic affairs, to instruct their
Senators to vote for the passage of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to recommit.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 2H; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Brown. Chesnut, Clay, Cling-
jnan, Davis. Fitch, Fiizpairiek, Gieen, Gwm, Hammond,
Houston, Iveifon, Johnson of Tennessee. Jones, Mailory,
Ma^on, Polk, Pugh, R"id, Ui«*e, Seba^uan, Shields, Shdell,
Toombs, Ward, and Yulee—27.
NAYS—Me^ra. Allen, Bates, Bell. Bigler, Bright, Brod-
erick, Chandler, Clark.(Jotlamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Dur-kcc,
Fej^enden, Foot. Foster, Hale. Hamlin, Hailan, Kennedy,
King, Sewaid, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson ol New Jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wnghi—28,
So the Senate refused to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan.
Mr. STUART. At the suggestion of some
Senators, although I do not think it necessary
myself, i will add to my amendment this proviso:
Jlnd provided* further, That no mineral lands shall be
selected or purchased under the provisions of this act.
Mr. TOOMBS, I should like to know the
reason why mineral lands may not as well be ap-
propriated for this purpose as any other lands?
It seems to me there is no sort of propriety in
excepting them. They belong to the Govern-
ment; and 1 know of no reason for the exemption
of that particular variety of lands. I hope the
amendment will not pass. If wo pass the bill,
give them a chance to get the mineral as well as
other lands.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that • amendment. I should like to know why
mineral lands in Cahforniaand elsewhere should
not be included as well as any otheis ? They are
more valuable than agricultural lands.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. Would it be in order to offer a
substitute for the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order to offer an amendment to his amendment.
Mr. RICB. I wish to offer one in tile first'
section, after the word quantity," in the sixtfo
line, to insert-— '
The PRESIDING OFFICER). The amend-
ment of the dtenatfe# from Mirroosotaj is' U> die
section-, not &o- the amendment proposed1 bytfte
Senator from M'ichigaa. An amendment to the
section is-not in ordep ntfw; because tho-Setmtor
ffori* Michigan has made a- motion to amond- the
section already. The Sena-tor from Minnesota
can attain' his object? at a subsequent timet
Mr. RilCE; I supposed I* corald offer it in-Heu^
of his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the question must be taken on. the
amendment offered by the Senator from Michi-
gan, and any other than an amendment to that
amendment is not now in order. If it be not an
amendment to the amendment pending, it is not
now in order, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr, RICE. Then, if the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan be adopted, shall I be de-
prived of the opportunity of offering this?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at all.
The Senator will have an opportunity to move to
amend the section in any manner he may please,
after that.
Mr. RICE. Very well.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the vote is taken on
this amendment, I ask if this proposition is the
one offered by the Senator from Michigan?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
amendment before the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the friends of
the bill that in its present shape it leaves out Min-
nesota; there is no provision for the State of Min-
nesota. Without the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan this bill does not include Minne-
sota, it having become a Slate since the bill was-
introduced in the House of Representatives. The
original bill presents the singular spectacle of pro-
viding for all the States of the Union except Min-
nesota. If this amendment of the Senator from
Michigan is adopted, it places Mtnnesota-on the
same footing with the others. That is the Object
of the amendment introduced by the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands; and I presume
there is no Senator who wishes to make a step-
child of the State of Minnesota, the youngest
member of the Confederacy.
Mr. SEWARD. We all agree to bring Min-
nesota into this bill, and 1 trust that when Min-
nesota is brought into the bill, we may bring in
the votes of Minnesota for the bill.
Mr. WADE. I inquire whether tho amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Michigan was
not agreed to? I understood it to be agreed to.
If not, I hardly see how the other is in order.
Mr. STUART. My impression is, that after I
offered my amendment, and before the question
was taken on it, the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii]
moved to recommit the bill. That was my recol-
lection of the proceeding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
fact.
Mr. STUART. And after that I modified my 1
own-amendment by adding to it this provision !
in regard to mineral lands. I only desire to say a
word on this subject. I must confess that I was j
a little surprised at the statement of the Senator !
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] because the bill as it j
stands says that land shall be taken that is sub- j
ject to private entry. Well, sir, by the existing i
laws you cannot take mineral lands either for 1
money or for land warrants; but the Senator from ]
California seemed to have some fears about it, l
and, therefore, to make assurance doubly sure, I j
consented to modify my amendment by adding the ,
proviso in regard to mineral lands. There has been j
no act of Congress, that I know of, which has not
been restricted in this way. The policy of the Gov-
ernment has been not to allow the mineral lands to
become a part of the public domain so as to be
subject, to private purchase as other public lauds
are; and therefore, when a bill says "any lands
subject to private entry," mineral lands are ex-
cluded by that language.
Mr. RICE. I hope my colleague will not in-
sist upon having Minnesota included in this bill;
because, if the bill passes, I, for one, certainly
do not wish to have her a party to it. The bill
proposes to give about six million acres of the
public domain to the several States and Territories
for the benefit of agiiculture and the mechanic
arts. Believing-, as I do, thatyby a strict construct
tio« of the Constitution, we have not the power ta
pass this bill, my vote will' be given-in the nega*
live. It will give to'many* of the Stace^a mo nop**
oly-of thje lands within the limits *if <thw«*ta*
Semes; arwl their conflicting:interests-'
ttrrbi the harmony now e^-sting between <thetra
M you wish Co oidfemer# and mechaimc.s, -put ths 
public lands withiir,their reach,so thafc with;then*
moderate means--they may provide themselves*
with homes,   . . t „ . •.
Sir, thi* is only the pioneetf off otlter.rpe&eurest
stiH more obreetiohwblev Therein maw pendiiag
in the other iiouse s bill grafting to a ,company
in the State of New Yoric,four million acres,of
land! to aid in constructing &• canal around-the fallfc
of Niagara. That liill pro v ides that half a-miUioH/
acres shall be taken from the$tate-:c^M'iebigatt,
the like quantity from the State of Wisconsin*
and three million acres from the State of.Minne-
sota. As one of the Representatives- from that
State, 1 protest against granting any State or foyc^
cign corporation- a right to interfere with tlie dim*
posal of the soil within her limits. If not uncon-
stitutional, it is at least unjust. Another bill hasS
made its appearance here proposing to give on®
million acres of the public domain for the support
of schools in the District of Columbia. This h
shall also oppose, although favorable to every
rightful measure that will improve the District or
advance the interests of- its inhabitants.
I look upon the sticcess of this measure as bring-
ing drath almost to Minnesota;- not sudden do*
struction, but that slow, lingering decay, which
eats into and gradually destroys eveiy commu-
nity whose energies are confined by combinations
of non-resident land proprietors. The State that
I represent is one of the richest,largest, and fair-
est in the Union. Pass this-bill, and within siss
months the agents of non-residents will-traverse
her limits for the purpose of culling out over the
entire Stme the choicest lands-.not held by actual
settlers, thus blighting, like the locusts* every re-
gion which may attract them by its richness or
its beauty.
This bill provides for sending reports, of th«
proposed colleges, free of postage, through tha
mails; an extraordinary power, certainly.; one
which, if extended a little further, would, soon
cripple the Post Office Department. Xir many
other respects it is. objectionable. Its heading
carries but afaint idea of its real objects. If these
projects are constitutional, what limit is-there to
the power of Congress over any subject ? If we
can grant lands for this purpose, for what purpose
may we not grant them? If we give lands to
States for colleges, and extend to them the frank-
ing privilege, how long will it be before they will
ask aid for every object, and come to rely entirely
upon the General Government even for the ex-
penses of their own, until they have become so
dependent on the national Treasury that they will
have but a shadow of sovereignty left, and be
mere suppliants at the doors of Congress for any
thing that the General Government may have at*
itsdisposal? If you wish to establish agricultural
colleges, give to each man a college of his own
in the shape of one hundred and sixty acres of
land, where he and his children can learn how to
make it yield the fruits of the earth in the greatest
abundance; but do not give lands to the Stales to
enable them to educate the sons of- the wealthy
at the expense of the public. We want no fancy
farmers; wc want no fancy mechanics; but we do
want homes for the working artisans and the cul-
tivators of the soil. This bill, if passed, is in
every respect in opposition to the interests of the
only community that gives vitality to our institu-
tions, I hope my colleague will not insist upon
having Minnesota inserted. I, for one, hope that
State will not be a party to a measure of this
kind.
Mr. STUART. I only desire to correct a mis-
appiehension under which the Senator from Min-
nesota evidently labors in regard to a provision
of this bill; fori am entirely averse to consuming
time in discussing it. The Senator seems to sup-
pose that a State is permitted by this bill to locate
lands in another State. So far from that, the bill
expressly prohibits it. A State cannot do it.
Now, sir, a single word in regard to its effect.
The Senator said there were six million acres of
land that may be located by somebody under this
bill. Every State that has lands worth ^1 25 an
