1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7W
by the command of the Congress of the United
States, after they have accepted the grant, and
with this peculiar feature, by the way, they are to
make that report to a department in the Patent
Office, the existence of which, up to this day at
least, I trust, is unknown to the law. I know,
sir, I suppose it is part of this general system of
bringing the domestic affairs of the States within
the range of congressional legislation, there have
been suggestions here that there should be an ag-
ricultural department of the Government, a sep-
arate department of State, and this, I suppose, is
the beginning of if, shadowing forth an event
which is yet to come—" The agricultural depart-
ment of the Patent Office!" I know of no such
department; but it is perfectly homogeneous with
this biil. The bill has a right to anticipate that
there will be such a department. The bill has a
right to anticipate that, if this sort of policy is
commenced under the auspices of the Federal
Government, an agricultural department will be
necessary to supervise it, and an agricultural
department may, therefore, very properly be re-
ferred to in the bill, although none such exists in
the law.
Now, sir, let us look at that agricultural depart-
ment. The Patent Office, with its stately build-
ing, and its corps of officers, and its complicated
organization, branching itself out by Us corre-
spondencies and its agencies, by its purchases and
by its donations, not only m every State, but in
every county town of every State—I say the
Patent Office, with all its complicated organiza-
tionand machinery, finds its basis upon two lines
of the Constitution, giving power to Congress to
do—what? Simply to rfiuke a property in discov-
eries and inventions, and to give the use of that
property to the discoverer and inventor. That is
all the Constitution says, and you see what has
grown out of it. Here, the other day, we had a
convocation—<\ congress, I suppose, but a convo-
cation, certainly—of agricultural gentlemen, al-
leged to be assembled from every part of the
country, meeting within the building of the Inte-
rior Department, and under the auspices of the
Department of the Interior, to debate and to dis-
cuss and to organize an agricultural department
in embryo, at the expense of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and paid out of the Federal Treasury.
Sir, this thing has got beyond the egg a good
way; and if this bill shall pass, it will improve
that egg into the animal that it is intended to cre-
ate, as a functionary with life, with vitality, with
power, to be extended through all tho States, for
the purpose of substituting the wisdom of Con-
gress and the discretion of Congress in the man-
agement of the domestic affairs of the States, and
in that which is most important in the domestic
affairs of the States, the agricultural interest.
Now, sir, this is not to see too far ahead. Un-
constitutional howsoever it may bo, the bill may
be harmless, except that it is the basis for future su-
perstructuie. If these agricultural colleges should
be built as functionaries of the General Govern-
ment; as appendages to a department of the Gen-
eral Government; endowed by the General Gov-
ernment; required to make reports from time to
time to each other, and to the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, and to an agricultural department here, it
requires no prophet, it requires none peculiarly
conversant with the working of any Government,
more especially this, to see that in a very short
time the whole agricultural interests of the counti y
will be taken out of the hands of the States and
subjected to the action of Congress, by direction
or indirection, either for the promotion of it in
one section or the depression of it in another.
Sir, the bill is fraught with mischief. Its un-
constitutionality, which I do not mean to press
upon gentlemen at all, but to which 1 desne to
call the attention of my constituents, is bad enough.
Its utter inexpediency, its tendency to mischief,
its iaordinate character as a precedent in bringing
within the Federal Govcrment, within that great
vortex of the Government which does hold the
purse of the nation, almost the entire purse of the
nation—I say, as a precedent for similar exer-
cises of power, there could not be projected, in
my judgment, a measure more fraught with mis-
chief. About the details of the bill, I know very
little, and care a great deal less. It is the prin-
ciple; not the principle alone of giving away that
which you have no right to dispose of in that
form, but the manner and the purpose for which
it is done, holding out a bribe to the States to
conform their agricultural policy to the superior
wisdom of Congress.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] as to the effect it must have
upon those States who are unfortunate enough to
hold public lands. There are to be twenty thou-
sand acres given to each State for each member in
the House and Senator in this body. The State
of New York, I believe, has thirty three Repre-
sentatives in the other branch, an5 two Senators
here. For each of them she is to get twenty
thousand acres. Then the bill will give seven hun-
dred thousand acres of land to the State of New
York for the purpose of building up agricultural
colleges. There are no public lands in the State
of New York, and this grant is to be located else-
where. The honorable Senator from the State of
Minnesota, where there is a large body of public
land now untouched, with a sagacity that belongs
to him, has seen the deleterious effect that will be
exercised on his State and others standing in that
condition, from locating such a large grant within
their limits. He is answered by the honorable
Senator from Michigan by saying, that the bill
anticipates that; that the States will not be al-
lowed to become landholders; that scrip is to be
issued to them, and they are to sell this scrip in
the market, and the fund that is to arise out of it
is to be the dowry of the agricultural colleges in
such States.
Now, let us work it out. You issue to the State
of New York scrip to the amount of seven hundred
thousand acres—I believe that will be about her
share—and New York puts in the market scrip to
the amount of seven hundred thousand acres, and
the other States holding no public lands do the
same: what will be the effect? In the first place,
to depress to a very great extent the price of the
public lands; but the true operation of it will be
this: either there will be combinations among the
States holding that scrip, or there will be combi-
nations among the capitalists of the country to
possess themselves of the scrip, to make them-
selves landholders, and to operate, as they may
well operate, upon the interior policy of the States
where the land lies. What is to prevent the large
capitalists in the northern cities from seizing the
scrip in that way? This scrip is not to be gath-
ered, as the honorable Senator from Michigan
said, as bounty lands are gathered, one hundred
and sixty acres fioni one, and eighty from another,
&c., but to be bought in bulk; and what is to pre-
vent the large capitalists m the northern cities
from possessing this scrip to the amount of six
hundred thousand, or eight hundred thousand,
or a million acres in any of the new States, and
then governing at their pleasure the policy of those
new States?
All this is to be done—for what ? That theStates
may be bribed by Federal power to conform their
domestic policy to Federal will. This is unques-
tionably the extent to which the bill goes; and if
honorable Senators are prepared to say that, ad-
mitting that to be so, yet we believe it is the best
thing the States could do, I submit to them at
once,J will not say that they are doing it inad-
equately,for I have no discourtesy in the matter, I
but they are doing it presumptuously, to substi- j
tute their wisdom and intelligence in the domestic '
policy of the States for the wisdom and intellt- :
gence of the States themselves.
I shall not discuss the details of the bill. I am -
unacquainted with the details. It is the principle j
of wh|ch I speak. God knows that the details i
never can be worse than the principle on which 1
these details rest—the principle of giving away
the public property—"donating" it, as the title of
the bill says, (a term which I think is unknown ■
to the English language; I suppose it means giv- ;
ing)—giving away the public Sands, giving away
the public property, not applying it to any con-
stitutional use; and, in giving it away, coupling
it with conditions that are of necessity debauch-
ing to the political morals of those to whom it is !
given. . ;
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I do not in- '
tend to engage in the discussion of this question ;
much at length; but I am at a loss to see any- '
thing in the nature of a bribe to the State which
I represent, in the proposition now pending. It
seems to me that this bill merely proposes that
the States of the Union may become the trustees
of the United States, for the disposition of a few
!
thousand acres of land. This Government itself
has been appointed the trustee of one Smithson.
It was authorized to dispose of a legacy, so asr
to increase learning among nil mankind. I see
nothing in the nature of a: bribe offered to the
Government of the United States by that great
philanthropist, in requesting the Congress of the
United States, in his last will and testament, to'
become his trustee for the disposition of the'prop-
erty bequeathed for the purposes indicated. The
trust has Been accepted. That bequest is now
held by the Government of the United States for
the education of all mankind; and hence this
Government of the United States itself has be-
come the trustee for the disbursements of funds
in the manner and with an object similar to that
proposed in the bill now before the Senate. Who
would think of charging Smithson of bribing, and
Congress of having been bribed? This bill simply
proposes that each State in the Union, m propor-
tion to representation, shall take twenty thousand
acres of land as trustee, to be disposed of as in-
dicated in the bill. If any one of the States de-
clines the trust, this bill does not propose, as'I
understand its provisions, to coerce the State to
accept that trust.
If Virginia or Georgia concludes that it will not
be for the advancement of the interests of the
people of those States to accept this trust they
can decline its acceptance; but other States of the
Union, who are not so fearful of the consequences
to flow from the establishment of educational in-
stitutions, and systems of common schools, as is
tho State of Virginia, may accept the trust, as it
seems to me, without dishonor to themselve&or
danger to the people who are interested.
It may be that there is no specific provision in
the Constitution of the United States authorizing
this Government, in so many words, to make
this disposition of the public lands. Nor is there,
as far as I understand the subject, any provision
in the Constitution of the United States author-
izing Congress to become the trustee of Smith-
son, a citizen of a foreign country. Nor do I
find any provision, in so many words at least, for
the establishment of a school at Annapolis for tho
education of younggentlemen who may desire to
enter the service of the Government as naval
officers. Nor do I find any provision in the Con-
stitution for the establishment ofa military school
at West Point. 11 is true Congress has the power
to provide for the organization of a Navy, and to
provide for the organization and equipment of
armies; the power is expressly granted; but,it
seenis to me, it is a latitudinous construction of
this constitutional provision to establish schools
for the education of Army officers and Navy
officers. Nor do I find any provision in the Con-
stitution authorizing the establishment of a coast
survey as it now exists—a mere appendage, as I
understand, of the Treasury Department of the
United States, through which is now disbursed
more than half a million dollais per year. I
should like to know where the Senate acquires tho
power constitutionally to establish as an append-
age to the Treasury of the United States the coast
survey ?
I do not see any validity in the objections to
this bill that have been advanced by the Senator
fiom Ohio [Mr. Pugii] and the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] and others who have spoken.
1 can sec nothing in the nature of a bribe in pro-
posing that a State shall beeoine a trustee lor the
disposition of lands within its own limits, or tho
proceeds of land scrip to be located by private in-
dividuals within the Territories of the United
States, if there be no lands within its own limits
subject to private entry. U was said by one of
those Senators, I believe the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] that large States of the Union
like New Yoi k,and he might have named his own
State, would become large landholders within tho
limits of other Statts; because, if this bill becomes
a law, they would become the owners of large
amounts of land scrip; that this land scrip might
possibly find its way into the hands of the laigo
capitalists of the country, and in this way indi-
viduals, millionaires, citizens of these old States,
might control the domestic policy of the States; but
if this argument be worth anything in this case, it
would be worth as much when applied to men
who control money. What is to prevent the Sen-
ator from Virginia, or the Senator from Ohio,
or any of your bankers in Washington city or
