120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
New York, applying theirmonpy in-the purchase
of lands? They may enter ten, thirty, or fifty
million acres of land with money, and thereby,
under the laws, of the United States,.becope ac-
tual owrrers in-fee-of! ail the public lands within
the Sfate of Minnesota, ,to which allusion- has
been mad**, and exclude the citizens of small
means.- What provision have we in -the Consti-
tution of the United Sfe&tes-, 01" in the laws of this
Government, -to. prevent a man from investing his
entire means in thei public lands? If he should
do- so- by the use b( money, would not the evil be
as-greatasiif done by the use of land scrip? But
that argument w-asanticipated by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Swart,] in his allusion to the
immense amount of land- scrip that has hitherto
beea issued to the soldiers of the various wars
since the commencement of the Government.
The amount of land scrip to be, issued m this
case will fee very small when compared with the
amount that has hitherto been issued: a mere drop
in the bucket. It is true that it is not desirable
to citizens of the new States-, on the frontieis of
civilization, that, the; public* lands should go into
the hands of non-resident owners. The injury,
however, is as great if you put it into the hands
of men wh-o hu*y land with money as if it be
bought with land scrip. But one effect of the
passage of this bill wiil be to diminish the price
of public lands, and: therefore eiwble very many
of the people of, tlte United States to become its
actual- owners in fee who are now unable to be-
come its purchasers. This result will be an ad-
vantage to the poor, rather than to the millionaires,
to w-ham allusion has been made. You throw
into the market toge quantities of scrip. The
s«ip mtiy run down in the market to a nominal
value per acre. It will be sought by industrious
men of limbed-means, who will become the own-
ers of homes for their families, who are now the
toiling servants of landlords and millionaues.
X 3ee no evil consequences that are to result to
the State I, in part, represent from the passage of
this bill-. It seems to me that all the evils which
have been indicated, may arise as readily and as
certainly without, as with, the proposed law.
Ani sis this Government, by a latitudinous con-
struction of the Constitution, is using an immense
amount of- money for the education of profes-
sional men, it seems to me-that equal liberality
uhould bo extended to another class not so ably
represented 011 this floor, and in the other branch
of Congress. The census of 1850 shows that, at
that time* there were over three millions of the
peoplesef. the United States engaged in agricul-
tural pursuit's. Where is their representation 011
this floor? Non est; they'are not here, only so
far as they are represented by professional men.
There are but very few in either branch of Con-
gress who are the direct representatives of the
laboring class of the people of this country. If 1
were disp'osed to go into an investigation of this
subject, I think I could show conclusively that
it is mind that rules the country, and rules the
world.
There may be those who are not disposed to
give the means for the development of the minds
of the masses; those whose interest it is that the
laboring men of the country should be ignorant,
shouild.be uneducated and dependent, that their
sweat and their toil may be used to advance the
interests and to promote the happiness of ihose
more highly educated and refined; it may be that
it is a blessing to Virginia that she is now more
largely represented by adult white people who are
unable to read and write, m proportion to her pop-
ulation, than any other State of the Union; it is
a blessing, however, that the people of my Slate
do not covet. They prefer a different condition
of things. They prefer that the mind of the la-
borer should be developed; that the intellect of the
man who labors and sweats for his own bread
should be more highly endowed, in order that that
class of people may become their own represent-
atives, even in the legislative halls of the nation.
This is one result which would be attained, to
some extent, at least, by the establishment of the
colleges that are proposed in the bill now under
discussion. I confess I desire to see them here;
I desire to see them qualified for the highest posi-
tions of honor and trust,and represented in every
branch of the civil service in proportion to their
numbers. The passage of this bill will be one
step in the right direction. It will be, in effect, a
declaration that Congress will no longer'discrim-
inate against the people; that the masses, on
whose shoulders have been imposed the burdens,
shall participate in the enjoyment of some of the
advantages of Government.
Looking at this question then, incvery-light in
which itpresents itself to my mind, I see no valid
objection to the passage of the bill; no injury tlrat
can result to the land States of. th® Union; and I
shall be very much surprised- if the representa-
tives of those States who vote against this bill
will not receive a condemnation at the hands of
the people, when they return to their constituen-
cies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the proposed amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. PUGH. Read it.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
in section one, lines four and five, to strike out
the words, " five thousand nine hundred and
twenty thousand acres of," and insert, " amount
of public," and at the end of the section insert:
Provided, That to each State whos'e number of members
in the Hou&e ot' Representatives shall be increased by the
next appnitionmem under the census of 1860, there shall be
granted the additional quantity ot twenty thousand acres of
land, upon the same terms, as soon a* said apportionment
shall be made : Mnd provided Jurlhcr. Tilat-no mineral lands
shall be selected or purchased under the provisions of tins
act.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the separation of that
amendment. I think we had better have a sepa-
rate vote on the mineral business. I ask that the
question may he put separately 011 that proviso.
The first part of the amendment I do not care any-
thing about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The separa-
tion of the amendment is asked for. The yeas
and nays have been ordered on the whole amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. It may be divided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the yeas and nays on the first branch
of the amendment ?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I shall regard it as my duty te
vote against this- entire bill, and if the bill is to
pass, I shall vote for such amendments as will
make it the least objectionable; but it must not be
thence supposed that I am opposed to agiiculture,
and tfc Senator has the right to make that as-
sumption; and when gentlemen ask the question
whether the farmers are represented on this floor,
I answer mostemphatically they are. I trust all
classes are represented—manufacturers, farmers,
the fine arts, every profession useful to the coun-
try. But must we, in consequence of that, make
appropriations to establish law schools; must we
make appropriations to establish medical schools;
and other schools for science and for agricultute
and for manufactures? Does it follow, because
wo represent all classes, that we must appropriate
either money or lands for the purpose of exclu-
sively benefiting any one, or all of those classes?
The Federal Government is one of very lim-
ited power. I have heard many suspicions thrown
out about the expansion of Federal power with
reference to our foreign relations, all of which
were uncalled for and ill-timed. If there ever was
a single point with the fathers of the Republic 011
which they were a unit, it was to strengthen, to
foitify, to make vigorous and active, the power
of the Federal Government in our foreign ex-
ternal relations, and to limit it, and circumscribe
it, and make it specific, m our domestic relations;
and we should ever keep this in view in all our
legislation.
is there any grant of power to vote money to
establish a school of any description? Has the
Federal Government, from the beginning of its
existence, down to the present period of time,
voted a dollar to aid it? Never, never. Even in
regard to the Smithsonian Institution, the result of
a donation made by an honorable Englishman,
' the trust was taken hold of with a great deal of
trepidation and doubt and fear. We administer
that as a trustee, not as a donor. But because a
certain class of the community are useful in the
community, very beneficial to the community, is
this limited association of States, having certain
specific powers granted in express terms, to go
beyond the bounds of its powers for the reason
that the end proposed to be accomplished is a
good end ? The moment we transcend the bound-
ary that limits our lute" and our d-uty for a good
purpose, we open ai door to'the-introduction of
the wildest and most visionary projects under
heaven.
Have we any more power over the.puhliolamls
on-this- subject, than we have over the money in
the-Treasui y'? I am constrained to say we have
not; forralthough the Constitution gives us ex-
press power to " dispose of " the public lands,
we have b-o right thence to give them a-way. We
must exercise prudence, judgment, honesty, and
discretion in disposing of the public lands. Under
this-rule we have given away public- land, in one
sense, to the States, for the purpose of making
railroads; but ui every such instance it has been
predicated alone upon the idea that the lands re-
tained were worth more money to the Govern-*
merit than the whole were without the grant.
Does any such argument as that apply in this in-
stance ? Will any one say that because we make
a grant oflands-for the purpose of establishing an
agricultural college, the lands retained will bring
more money into the Federal Treasury in conse-
quence of the grant? There is no Senator in this
Chamber so visionary as to assert it.
On what, ground, then, do you propose to make
the grant? Not because wc have got the brute
force, the physical power to give the vole. Where
is the constitutional warrant under which we ore
acting? We have the power to dispose of the pub-
lic domain, but for what ends? To accomplish the
great ends of the Constitution, as prescribed and
limited in the Constitution. There are ten thou-
sand good objects in the scope of human action,
to all of which, as individuals, we ought to con-
tribute—to religion, to molality, to education, to
commerce, to agriculture, to manufactures, and
the fine arts. All these commend themselves to
our care; but not as Government agents, unless
the charter under which we are acting has con-
fided that branch of subjects to our care. Has
the Constitution under which we are acting con-
fided the care of agriculture and the education of
agriculturists to u's? Will any Senator answer
me in the affirmative? If not, while I do not cen-
sure others for the vote they cast, I trust they
will not characterize me as opposed to agricul-
ture because I say I have not the power to give
the vote.
There is, Mr. President, another peculiar rea-
son pressing upon us now, and that is this: we
have lived in this Government, under the original
founders, under their immediate successors, and
from step to step, from 1789 down to the present
period of time, and this is the first timethatase-
rious effort has been made to endow agricultural
colleges by a donation from the Federal Treas-
ury. We are now acting upon innovation, upon
departure from the principles bequeathed to us by
our fathers, and we ought to know well the
ground we propose to tread upon before we take
the fatal step.
But there is another and stronger reason. If,
for more than half a century we have gone on
prospering and to prosper, expanding as no other
people have expanded, improving our agriculture
when lefl—as Jefferson said it ought to be left—
to its own resources, to its own intrinsic vigorous
power of action; if we have accomplished so
much in the last half century without any such
institution as this, and without any such aid as
this, how much may we still accomplish if we
fail to give it now ? Is it not dangerous to tamper
with a subject that has progressed so rapidly,
more rapidly than any country where agricultural
colleges have been established r If such is the
consequence, do we not endanger agriculture, and
are we not standing as the wild visionary advo-
cates of a system that may result in more harm
than good ?
I11 addition to that our Treasury is depleted.
A source of revenue resulting from the sal^s of
public lands has always-existed to aid us in meet-
ing the public wants. Pass this bill and throw
into market six millions of scrip to absorb all the
public lands, and where shall we then be? Not
one dollar from the public lands can be expected
during the next fiscal year.
But one step further^-! go over the ground
hastily; for I only intend to make suggestions—not
arguments. When these lands are selected they
will be selected by States, or by associated com-
panies buying up the scrip of the States, millions
