THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1859.
New Series No. 46.
upon millions of acres in one body, in new States
like Missouri, like Iowa, like Minnesota, and like
others. It is said we have power to tax them.
What do we tax? .The value of the land un-
improved—and they will hold it for those in the
vicinity to make their improvements—all to i)e
taxed; bridges to be built; school-houses to bo
erected; churches to be dedicated to the service of
. God; all done to the hand of these speculators
paying no taxes, except upon the original value
of the land without improvement. It is a stab at
the prosperity nnd settlement of the new States;
and I call upon my friend from the State of Iowa
to pause before heaves it his vote. Let these
large bodies of land be selected in the State of
Iowa without the power of compulsion to make
improvements, with the simple naked power to
tax according to the'existing value, and every
man who settles in the State of Iowa will have to
pay nor only fur the land he l^uys, a tax upon it,
but for every log lie puts up, every fence rail he
makes for the improvement of that land, he has
to pay a tax;, while the large speculators, who
invest thdfr funds in the scrip thrown broadcast
on the market, under this bill, pay no taxes ex-
cept upon the original value of the land. You do
thus make roads and bridges and school-houses
and churches, and that land becomes valuable;
but to whose benefit does it inure? You cannot
tax them exctpc upon the original value; you
keep oat improvemt nt: you keep out cultivation; ,
you thus creata nccessuy to enhance and increase !
the taxation upon those who clo settle and make j
improvements. These arc facts; they stare us in i
the face. I am now speaking upon that branch j
of the subject which appeals to our discretion and
our notions of propriety; but there is a fatal ob-
jection, the fust one to which I alluded,and that
is, this Government was never cicatcd for the pur-
pose of building up any such institutions.
Mr. President, I have mode these remarks to I
call attention, to explain why I will vote, against 1
the bill, and because I am detoi mined never to be
placed in a false position by S; nators assuming
that he who voles against them is the enemy of '
agriculture. I trust that my fiction m life has '
proved my friendship foi it more than my decla- j
ration in the Senate Chamber, or on the hustings;
and if my action has not proved it, 1 would not j
give a straw for the assertion m tins Chamber. I \
shall vote against the bill. If (he bill is to pass, I
I shall vote to improve it, and make it as accept- j
able as possible: hut 1 trunt it will yet fail; not J
only becausc it is wrong, but because, as a revo- 1
nuo measure, it is depleting the Tiensury, pre- 1
venting the receipt of means required for the pur- •
pose of keeping the Government in motion during '
the next fiscal year. !
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask the Senator i
from Missoim if there is any departure from the j
general practice of the Government m granting
lands for colleges, any more than in giantmg lands
for schools? I believe it has been the policy of
this Government, ever since we undertook to dis-
pose of the public lands, to grant a sixteenth part
of them for common schools within the States.
Mr. GREEN. 1 will answer the Senator, as he ,
asks the question, if he desires it. j
Mr. SIMMONS, i ask if there is any distinc- i
tion between educating people in a school-house 1
and in a little larger establishment? !
Mr. GREEN. I will answer the question if ;
the Senator desires it. Does he desire it ? ;
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose I can get along J
"without it. I can respond to the argument with- j
nut any answer from the Senator; but I am will- J
ing to hear him. j
Mr. GREEN". I will state the reason. Every |
grant of land to aid m the establishment of com- !
rnon schools has been of the sixteenth section in .
a township. A township has thirty-six sections j
in it, six miles square. The sixteenth section is I
as near the centre of the township as it is possi-
ble to get. Within the last few years you have ,
granted two sections in a township, the sixteenth
and the thirty-sixth. The object of making that
grant is as an inducement to purchasers to corno j
45
and buy the rest of the land. The assurance that
those 'two sections will constitute a school fund
for.each township, induces men to come and buy
the remainder of the lands, which they would not
buy but for that inducement that is held out; but
the issuance of scrip, to covcr whole townships
and countics and sections, presents a different
question, and does not bring itself within the
power of Congress to dispose of the publiclands.
That is the reason of the thing.
Mr. SIMMONS, . Public lands have been
granted for purposes of common-school educa-
tion. It is a laudable purpose. What I was call-
ing the attention of the Senator to, was, as to the
constitutional power of Congress to do this. He
says we have gone on fifty years without ever
exercising any constitutional power analogous to
the one we propose to exercise here. We began
society in this country, as it begins everywhere
else, with the rudiments of learning, the A, 13, C,
of it; and, as wc accomplish that, we have to get
up into higher branches of education; and it is
just as much for the benefit of the wild lands of
tins country that agriculturists should receive a
higher form of education, as that they should
receive the rudiments; and we should educatcpeo-
ple to cultivate jhe lands of the old States as well
as the new ones; and it is better for the young
men, before they emigrate, to get their education,
| than it is to have to get it after they ^o and settle
j on the public lands to obtain a living. I was
j curious to know how the Senator could have gone
! over half a century's history of our Government, -
j administered by the very faihers of the Repub-
j he, making these donations from the outset, and
| then denying the ^constitutional power. That
j was the point to wllic.h I wanted to call his atten-
| tion. There is no form of instruction that will
i not increase the fee-simple value of the whole
! land we have; and, perhaps, if that Senator had
j been as deficient in it as I have been, he would
know moie of its value.
I have no more doubt of the power of this Gov-
ernment to grant a poition of the public lauds to
educate farmers, than I have of the power to
grant a portion of the public Treasury to educate
Army and Navy ollicers. The only question,
aside from the question of constitutional power,
is, is it sound policy to do so? Thai is the ques-
tion. I hear people talk about the constitutional
powers of the Government, that have been sanc-
tioned by those who made the Constitution, which
have been practiced on ever since wu had any
public lands put under our chaig^ as a Govern-
ment. I am astonished that they should make
these declarations. We have as good authority,
they say, for putting our hand.s into tne Tieasury
and donating money,as we have for taking lands.
Perhaps we have, as regards the power; but this
has been the policy of the Government from the
outset, and there is no more appropriate thing, in
my judgment, if you want to improve the culti-
vation of the lands and incren.se then settlement,
than to educate farmers to go there and settle them, j
Mr. IIALE. Air. President, 1 do not intend to ■
occupy the Senate more than a few moments; but |
I think Senators must be mistaken when they say .
this is a novel arrant. Since this matter has been
under discussion, I have got the index to our
statutes, and I find, by reading it, that Congress
have heretofore made donations of land for
" higher seminaries of learning," besides, and m
addition to, the resei vation foi schools, m the fol-
lowing States and Territories: Alabama, Arkan-
sas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Io«vp  Louisiana,
Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, Tennes-
see, Wisconsin; for a deaf and dumb asylum in
Kentucky; for the Columbian College in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and for Jttferson College. I
happen to have a couple of these acts by me; and
as they are very short, I will read fiiem.
Mr. GREEN. Allow me one moment. The
grants to the new"States of two townships foi a
seminary of learning, and a certain township for
a seat of Government, were made m the adjust-
ment of the contract between the State and the
United States. When the. State agreed not to tax
the land of the United States, the United States
agreed to give to the State a certain amount of
land. The right of eminent domain, which would
have carried the fee-simple to the whole of the
lands of the United States, was surrendered to
the United States on the terms and conditions on
which those grants were made; but, as for a mere
naked grant to a State for a college or an institu-
tion of learning of any description, there never
has been a single one that I remember. The Co-
lumbian College in the District of Columbia may
be an exception; but I speak of the States.
Mr. HALE. I find by looking at these stat-
utes 
Mr. PUGII. Did you say the Government had
given land for a college in Ohio?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; seminaries of learning,
besides schools.
Mr. PUGH. They never gave an acre, except
inthe act of admission.
Mr. HALE. I did not say they ever did. I
only said it appeared so by the statutes.
Mr. PUGH. Where is the statute?
Mr. IIALE. I did not say that; but only that
it appeared by the index to the statutes. 1 find
they have made, as our general index of laws says,
" Grants for seminaries of learning in the follow-
ing States and Territories;'5, and, under that head,
is given Ohio, 2d volume, page 226. I have not
the act before me.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know whether the Sen-
ator carcs enough about it; but I will state what
it was: two purchases of land were made, one
by the Ohio Company and one by John Cleeve
Simms. At the time of the Articles of Confedera-
tion, they agreed to give the Government a cer-
tain price for an entire quantity; and it was one
of the stipulations of those private agreements,
made before the present Constitution, that one sec-
tion in each of those sales should be for schools.
It was part of the element of purchase by private
individuals from the Government before the Con-
stitution. The Government never gave an acre
to endow a college in the State of Ohio.
Mr. HALE. Jn 183^-they gave $25,000 to the
Columbian College in this city; and, besides that,
they have given to the deaf and dumb asylum
in Kentucky, a grant of the public lands. I know
they hove in Connecticut.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. 'President, I think that in
the search for precedents some mistake is found.
I giant the Senator from New Hampshire, who
has cited the case of the deaf and dumb asylum
in Kentucky, to have one that is somewhat in
point. 1 think, however, it is a very bad prece-
dent, and should not be followed. It is subject
to all the constitutional objections which apply to
this bill. But the other cases are those in which
land was granted for seminaries of learning; col-
leges within the Territories, or granted at the time
of the compact between the General Government
and the State, in which the State surrendered the
light to tax the land whilst owned by the General
Government, and for five years after the day of
sale. This is a contract entered into between the
sov^rei^n people of the State and the United
States, in relation to the public domain situated
within the limits of the State. Anterior to that,
the power comes under the general provision,
winch makes this Government a trustee for the
States owm,ng the territory; and the exercise of
the power in'the Territories constitutes no jus-
tification for assuming to exercise a like power
within the limits of a State. So much for the pre-
cedents, to which I do not indeed attach a great
deal of value, even if they were otherwise.
This is a provision, taking the bill generally,
to establish schools for the instruction of persons
wliq^may be devoted to farming or other pursuits;
for U says they are not to exclude scientific and
other studies, but they are to direct themselves
pnrticulai !y to that of farming. The argument is
made, that the same right exists to instruct farm-
ers as to instruct sailors and soldiei'3. If I con-
ceded to gentlemen who make this argument, that
the Federal Government had established acade-
mies to instruct persons hereafter to enter the
