100
1 35th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
The Tariff—Mr, Keirn.
Ho. of Reps.
equal in a Confederacy of States, governing them-
selves in all local affairs, and through _their Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress*participat-
ing in the conduct of the Federal Union, whilst
enjoying its protection and sharing m its glories.
Under the lmeral commercial system which pre-
vails in ourwnion, and which has so wonderfully
developed the industry and wealth of the nation,
the citizens of Cuba might reasonably expect to
attain to a degree of wealth, civilization, and
power which has never been reached by any peo-
ple living under a* political despotism.
To suppose them insensible to these advantages
is to attribute to them an obtuseness most variant
from all the accounts we have of them; and to
suppose that,being sensible of them, they would
not eagerly embrace an opportunity to become a
State of the Union, would be to deny the existence
in them of the motives and aspirations which have
been found to impel other branches of the human
family.
Our object in pointing out the material advant-
ages that would result to our own citizens from
the acquisition of Cuba has not been to cxcite
their cupidity, nor to encourage unlawful enter-
prises for its seizure. As such* a prize could only
be paid for out of the common Treasury, so must
its acquisition, whether by purchase or force, be
by the constituted authorities acting in obedience
to law. Our purpose is to show, that whilst po-
litical advantages and national security are the
objects at which we aim, the pecuniary trains would
bo such that we can allord to pay to Spain a lib-
eral price for its transfer. Though it has been an
object of solicitude to our (Joveinmentand people
for many years, it is believed that no distinct oll'er
has ever been made to the Spanish Government
for its purchase. In the opinion ot the committee,
the time has) amved when such an oiler should
be made, in such terms as may seem to the IVes-
ident, who is charged by the Constitution with
the duty of negotiating treaties, berJt calculated to
arrest the serious attention of the Spanish Gov-
ernment.
The committee are aware that some who admit
the force of all that is said in favor of the acqui-
sition, and who would not puiposrly throw ob-
stacles in the way of its utfuinnieui, doubt the pro-
piioty of any action at (his tune, bee mse, as they
allege, the attempt to pio< uic the assent of Hpam
v  til be futile.
The committee cannot recognize the force of
this objection.
The President, m his annual message to Con-
gress, said:
u The publicity \\ hieh hu^ been  i\en to our tornici no
yoiKUKUl* upon This hlllijecl, ami till' laiye apptopi l.uioil
which in.iv be lequovd to dicer tin' pinpose, ii'iidfi ir. «'Y-
p'-iliuutj before making another attempt to ienew I lie ne^o
unUoiuthat I -dtotdd lay the wholrMibn-et behue {'ontpe^.
Tim if e.-p.v iall\ nrc <\-, .uy, a- it ina> Income independ-
able lo ^ik c<';n that f should be mti u-t<'d wuh tho mentis
of ni.living an .iiivauce to the Sp.irn ii (iovernm-'uH imme-
diately aui'i the Mumm; °l the iie.iij, without awaiting the
riuluiuuon of it hy the Sen.tie
In Ins upeeial message of January 01, he ngam
calls the attention of (Congress to the subject, and
declares that he deems t4 it highly important, if
not nidr-pensible, to the success of any negotia-
tion which I [heJ mii;lit institute for the put pose,
that the measure should receive the previous sanc-
tion oi Congiess."
lie alone, has (he means of obtaining official
information as to the disposition of the Spamsh
Go\eiuiiieut, and it jh not to be presumed that
this recommendation is made, and reiterated to
Congress without a j-auficient motive. A failure
on the pirtof the national .Legislature to respond
to the Lxeciune recommendation will be attrib-
uted by Spam, ho we v or tmproj >eily, to opposition
or indifference to the object, and will tend much
to render futile an attempt at negotiation. Since
the subject has been so prominently ptesented hy
the President, omission, to act would be je^arded
by her as little Iris expiesoivc titan positive dis-
sent fmrn his views.
The committee hope that, circumstances may
never occur rendering it incumbent on the CTnttrd
States, u under the imperative and overruling
lav/ of self-preservation,'5 to take possession of
the island without the consent of Spam; but if
they should, summary measures could be much
more easily justified if we arc prepared to show
that we have exhausted honorable negotiation in
attempts to avert the necessity; and had offered
to Spain an equivalent in exchange for it. As
such an offer might be necessary to the complete
vindication of tlu^ Government hereafter, we
ought not to be deterred from making it by any
supposed unwillingness on the part of Spain to
accept it, or even to entertain it in an amicable
spirit.
Approving the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, and entertaining the belief that, by a failure
to act, Congress would take upon itself a grave
responsibility, the committee herewith report
back the bill referred to it by the House: "A
bill appropriating money to enable, the President
to settle unadjusted differences with the Govern-
ment of Spain, and for other purposes," with an
amendment to strike out " one," wherever it oc-
cuis, and insert "thirty," and recommend its
passage.
The bill is; in effect, similar to the act entitled
(i An act making further provision for the ex-
penses attending the intercourse between the
United States and foreign nations, "passed 26th
of February, 1S04, to enable Mr. jefferson to
negotiate a treaty for Louisiana; and to "An act
making further appropriation to bring the exist-
ing war with Mexico to a speedy and honorable
• conclusion," parsed March 3, ld47.
j The sum named m the bill is proposed to be
[ appropriated for no secret or disguised puipose,
i but to enable the President to make a payment to
! the Spanish Government, on the full ratification
' of the treaty by it, without waiting for its ratifi-
| cation by the Senate of the United States, arid tho
j appropriation of the money by Congress; it being
; supposed that a contingency might arise m which
i the ability to make such prompt payment would
i tend to bting negotiations to a successful issue,
j Nor oi intended to limit the amount which the
j President may engage to pay for the adjustment
i of our differenced with Spain, including the ces-
j aiou of Cuba This «nd all other details of the
I treaty, if a treaty" can be negotiated, are left to be
i arranged ami its execution provided for m the
■ manner prescribed by the Constitution and laws.
.■I sh'ti'i.ioit of / ',r i /.? •..enllrfte t a nmidUn in the j
hlntid of I 'u!xi. irii.'iiuit taking mi) < onvtilcrMhon tU<' lai no j
rmount <•/ ^ooUs ouir^lfJ Ihroni'Ji the t with '
l/tt> < niniit ciu e of t.\e o(jl'crs llnreot. oj the j
ilmcrt'tni roni;i./ to th" Sintc Dt'paitmenl ) j
Import and export dam1', toother with a charsc of five per 1
cent, (ah tibal'%) on ail recouk-d sales ot rea! o^iaf and j
ncmoe- :ii>2 I
payments shall be required to be made, theie shall not be
m the Treasury sufficient lands not otherwise appropriated,
the President of the United States is hereby authorized to
borrow so much as may be necessary, not to exceed the sum
of $1,000,000, in the same maimer and on the same terms
and conditions as were prescribed by an act entitled  •' An act
to authorize a loan not exceeding thy sum of $>20,000,000,"
approved 14th June, 1858.
amendment.
Strike out " $1,000,000 " and insert<c $30,000,009."
Note.—Since the publication of this report,
Hon. Miles Taylor and Hon. George Eustis,
Representatives from Louisiana, have called in
question the statement as to the quantity of sugar
produced in that State in 1857. The authority
for the statement was given in the report—Ho-
mans's Cyclopedia of Commerce. Any person
who will consult that work, page 1774, will find
the statement sustained by the authority.
The draughtsman of the report is rejoiced to
find that Homans is in error, and that tho pro-
duction of Louisiana, in 1857, was (counting ono
thousand pounds to the hogshead) two hundred
and seventy-nine million six hundred and ninety-
seven thousand pounds.
That was, however, considerably less than'half
the consumption, and the argument of the report
remains unrefuted—that " the increase of produc-
tion has not kept pace with the increase of con-
sumption," and " that Louisiana cannot supply
our wants, and must prepare for the free impor-
tation of sugar from other quarters."
Income ftwn the roy.il lottciy 
fncoine tiom the po?t oihey 
Ineomt' from the diexiro dutv, tjie tenth patt ot
the agricultural produei-;, fa; med out lor. ....
Chur<h fe.;4 lor iiiara.iiie.n, funerals, chri-.ten-
uiji
('in t t te-i tipnn e:ii riJL'i'-i, hoi ^e-, nejUO''1^; &e..
Conn.-' oflaw 
i'Wpen of street lejhtmK, hre-en^mt's, and
\v.tt« limen, Mi f S.iv.uui alone   
I'a--;i,(rr- and licence-, 
Inirre -1 tipen ^ecuntif- belo'iinnt^ to the church,
^a!e^ ot onci'K," a church unpo>t 
Finis, (incomplete 
Si^uauue ol I'ajrLiui (.Jentjrui in iaw-suit-. cMone,
A nvot 1>,\ ecnts upon c\try deM.'ripuoti of
•muuab oiicri d lot vih: in the mark* t pi ices
or otherwise, tor the cluiliuii* ot the liuiUia...
Income tiom k">uea;s left lor tun pinpo^e to
bishops and other church di^u.tuiMM 
Ta\ nputi tomyueis cuuine< to tho e.l.ind t'"> ie-
Taxe.s upon vessel-; for pilotcaptains of the
port, and !oi ih^f hartrins; balla-t  
Manueis' tund. uu-ed by a tav of lb,\ ceut< on
cadi tup of pvery uiariuei in the coasting
tiade 
i ,;>.vj.ouo
1,\W0,UUU
60(1,000
ii.io.noo
tr, 0,000
;iO!),oou
i,ooo,ouo
101.600 ,]
S ,000.001) ii
1,000,000 i.
10.000 1;
8,01)0 11
lio.UUO
100,000
40,000
10,000
I,7J,000
30,000 !
Total..
 9,90-2 1
I MIX A(Jcil«riNTYiX!} THE REPORT
; ]>e it rriolt ed h,/ the Fen ate and House of R cjire^cntntires
i of lac Un<tcd St atari A m >,• ir.-iin L unfabled, That
I the puin of r)\,000,000 he, and the same h heicby. appro-
; priatcd, out of any uiontynof otberwi-e appiopnated, to
! t'n.ible the President to conclude with the Goxcrnmenr of
/ Spain a treaty of amity, and lot the •settlement of al! itilfer-
!. rncc^. nieludin,1; the ce'.jjon of the Wand of Cuba; to be ;
u^ed by him, if he «ball think lit, in artvancc or tho ratthca- |
.' tion ot the treaty hy tpe senate: Provided, ?.ud treaty, when j
1 sii-'ued i>v tho uuthon/.ed agents of the two Goverrunents, j
I and only r.mned 1>> the G^\ernnu'nt ot Sp.ua. - hall call tor ;
II tho CN ji.'nduute o. tin- >-auie 01 any p.at tlici.ot; full and j
:[ aceuiaie .'ceount> o{ wnieh expetnlittne f-h^li be hy him j
i i trautfinuted to Congress, at as e<uiy a day u<i practicable. j
ii Sac. -2. «hul itjiat'iCi t vuiie.d 'j'n it if. at th" tune said 1
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. KEIM,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1859.
The IIoti«e bem-j in the Committee ot the Whole on tho
Mate of ihe t hiion—
Mr. KUliVr said:
Mr. Oh airman! : I design to occupy the atten-
tion of the committer a* briefly as may be. I
represent a district which js familiarly known as
" Old HerkH," and winch 1.^, perhaps, as largely
interested in the non manufacture as any in the
Union. My advent here, with my political an-
tecedents, haa causSed some surprise throughout
the country. The enigma 13 of easy solution.
The<rreatand radical change was caused by tho
principle of protection to labor. The people, the
Warwick^ of our time, who make and unmake
the ruling power, true to their interests, ^rosse in
their might, threw olf the shackles of party, and
now stand redeemed end disenthralled! And
there they will remain, until you foster those in-
terests which will enable them to maintain their
fannhc3, found a home, and educate their chil-
dren, to become the intelligent and reliable sup-
porters of the laws and the Constitution. I aver,
most emphatically and distinctly, that no party
can gam the vote of my distriouthat opposes pro-
tection for the sake of protection. Ber^s county
has performed 110 unimportant service m political
history. 'The late of tiie next presidential election
may depend upon iis decision. In all presidential
elections in tlu State, tjince i83lj, the Demociatic
majuiity hay been less than live thousand; and,
as no President can be elected without Penn-
sylvania, a change like the last special congres-
sional election, of seven thousand five hundred
votes, will dccide this contest in favor of those
who sustain the dominant interest of the district.
Hut while I ask piotection tn the iron trade, I de-
sire all the munufactui ingand agriculture!! interests
promoted, North and South. Y/iiy not support
American lai)orin preference to the pauper labor
of Europe ; If not as a mattei of policy, I ask it
as a tribute to humanity to save those who arc
sullering the pangy of want.
That the committee may understand the opera-
tion of the financial and manufacturing revulsion
in the district ( have the honor to represent, I
would state that the two leading channels of trans-
portation of anthracite coal fiom the Schuylkill
coal-fields pass through the county uf Uerks from
north to south, and through the city of Reading.
The coal delivered at Reading by the canal and
railroad in 1857, was 137,602 tons; in 1858, was
