1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kcim.
Ho. of Reps.
97,056 tons; the difference between which was
40,000 tons and upwards, or about thirty per cent,
less in 1858 than in the year 1857. It is true that
taking the product of all the fields, there was an
increase of about 60,000 tons in 1858 over the
year before—the figure of that vast interest being
carried up to 6,491,000 tons, a production never
surpassed but in one year, namely in 3856, when
it realized 6,751,000 tons. The steady increase
of production follows the domestic and manufac-
turing demand, and the production is carried for-
ward, in spite of the revulsion, by the constantly
opening new markets for domestic use. It is at
the iron manufacturing points, like Reading and
Phcenixvillc, that we see the diminution for man-
ufacturing purposes. If manufactures had not
been paralyzed, the production of the anthracito
in 1858 should have, and would have, reached
7,000,000 tons. Indeed, the production of that
coal has experienced no backset, if I may so call
if, since 1838. In that year the production was
738,000 tons, from which it has grown, without
a single year of diminished production, until the
year 1857, when it reached the total I have men-
tioned.
Iw d iminution I have adverted to at such points
as Heading, ccnters of manufacture, grow out of
the stoppage of furnaces, forges, and of steam-
driven machinery of all kinds; out of the dimin-
ished production .of iron and of its various man-
ufactures. The use of forty thousand tons less
of coal in one year, m Reading, than m another
next proceeding it, implies to one, conversant
with the business of our people, a very grave and
serious interruption of that business m every de-
partment. Think for a moment of what a vast
industry that amount of coal, at that single point,
was an exponent! Think of the engine fires that
were extinguished; of the furnaces out of blast;
of the operatives directly employed about the en-
gines and furnaces, thrown out of work; of the
mines of coal and of iron ore to supply those
furnaces, those engines; of the vast carrying ap-
paratus by railroad, by canal, by the cart, all
turned adrift without work. And then, looking
for a moment beyond all this, at all the producing
and mercantile classes, how they must have been
affected by the prostration of that great interest
whose industry it was their function to supply—
you have before you socicty, nj the full rule of life
and vigor, suddenly smitten down, credit ruined,
debt almost annihilated, confidence between man
and man almost blotted out, patienthonestindus-
try brought to beggary,and no class nourishing.
This is the faintest possible picture of what
took place in that noble district, which 1 have the
proud honor to represent. Is it strange that I am
here ? I tell you, sir, that Berks is, tins day, as
loyal to her ancient sentiments, and isas ready to
indorse them by her vast majorities, as ever she
was. Her principles stand as unshaken as hot-
own eternal and glorious hills. Ker people are
as true to them as to their leligions faith. They
arc like that grand old monk, who is the type of
the German race, who concluded his appeal to
the Emperor and Princes of the Empire m those
memorable words, " Bier stehe ich; ick kctnn u<ckt
andcis; so hilf mich Gotl." And there they do
stand, full ol truth and loyalty, and there they
will stand; ay, .sir, there they will stand; so help
me God!
They arc a confiding; people. With them, con-
fidence is, perhaps,a plant of slow growth, hut
when it has grown it is like teaniig their heart
strings to pluck it out from their hearts. They
love whom they can trust, with a love surpassing
thol of woman. They will not bsien to the sug-
gestions of every super-serviceable knave that
would breathe a tarnishing slander on a trusted
one. The county, whoso every twelfth man is a
uniformed volunteer, which, having one thirtieth
of the population of the State, furnishes one tenth
of its citizen soldiery, is full of a truly galiont
and ch:vnhous spirit, peaceful, orderly, law-
abiding, honest, mid just. )n times past this peo-
ple reorganized, and uere proud to follow the
leadership of such men as Joseph Hiester, Henry
A. Muhlenberg, John Hitter: honest men, every
one of thousand trusted, lornl,and honm^d, net
m-relv up to thejr hit--t breath, bur now. in .
memory. The;-.! were leaders fit to follow . They |j
■were Democrat;:, \vinSe theie wars a Democratic '!
party. Hiester voted for the Missouri compro-
mise. Muhlenburg repeatedly voted for tariffs for
protection. Ritter voted for the Wilmot proviso.
Who ever doubted their Democracy? Yet these
great measures, to-day, stink in the nostrils of
those who would affect to lead that Democracy.
I would not vote, perhaps, as Mr. Ritter voted
on that question, for I do not, as at present ad-
vised, believe that Congress has any right to
legislate slavery into or out of the public domain.
The people of the district I represent are called
upon to stultify themselves; to throw away all
their old principles, and take up with the new
ones, of late, and not happy inventions. They
are for protection that will at least put our labor
on fair terms with that of other countries. They
hate negroes, and have no affection for slavery;
they would leave it#lonc where it is, and not pre-
vent its going where the people really wish to
have it. They are for letting the people govern
themselves. All this, in very fact, they were
called upon to abandon. With regard to the
tariff, the wolf was at their own door- They
wanted no glozing speeches to persuade them
that all was right, when they saw and felt that all
was wrong. They felt insulted by the miserable
sophistry and falsehood that was attempted to be
imposed upon them. The solemn and secret
pledges and promises for the future they scoutcd
when they thought of the broken and dishonored
ones of the past.
These were the antecedents of the election of
last fall in that district. The people did not
abandon anything. They only would not follow
the new lights. "As to my being an old Whig,
of which 1 am not at nil ashamed, why the very
head of the organization against me was a gentle-
man who followed u that sumo old coon" as ar-
dently as 1 over did myself. Whig, indeed ! If
I am not mistaken, the very governing and direct-
ing energy of this AdmimstiaMon, at this very
tim°, is none other than what was ever Whig.
The views expressed by the President m his
late annual message upon the subject of the tariff,
are those to which that great party, to which he
is said to belong, has never committed itself, na-
tionally. No school of political cconomy, neither
the protection nor the free-trade school, has ever
been able to obtain from that party atlistmct, an-,
equivocal indorsement of its system. The reso-
lutions of national conventions, and the letters of
presidential candidates have been drawn with.a
studied reserve of meaning. The art of such
compositions seemed to consist m such a use of
woids as could conceal the writer's real views,
or, at least, leave them open to conflicting con-
structions, as suited the particular localities m
which the construction was to be made.
While 1 thus arraign the fair dealings of the
Democratic paity upon this subject, I would not
bo understood to say or imply, that the other groat
party, of which Hcnr}' Clay was the embodiment,
was entirely guiltless in this respect. Ho, who
was the soul of that party, never wavered or fal-
tered but the party sometimes nationally, often
locally, presented views which were not in har-
mony with cacli other.
All this is a natural and necessai y consequence
of bunging the tariff into the vortex of party pol-
itics. The Democratic, party has, it is true, m
there lotrer y^ars, mainly advocated the doctrines
of free trade; yet, locally, thc-re are parts of the
country where it has been compelled to renounce
and denounce free trade. Mr. Polk's letter to
John K. was intended to serve a double
purpose. The letter mpy have meant nothing;
yet it was made to moL'ii enough to get ihe elec-
toral vote of some tariff States. Tne same game
has been unsuccessfully played since; but it is
now about played our, <•>« my standing here, m
the presence of this commutes, and as the fate of
'some of my respected im-lcagu'-*. and otlvjr gen-
tlemen who were candidates for s^ats m the next
Congress from the tariff Stated, may be taken to
indicate. The tariff should ivt !>e m^de a party
question; it should be framed M rH mi tie* to
subserve the laboring ininv>;s •n r.e count! y.
ThePivmdent undoubted!;* exn- es v.; Urn views
Of my whole coost'tu.ury. <: id, 1 believe, of
ninety-five hundredths of the p-,oph- of Pennsyl-
vania, with regard to the mor<d ami financial su-
pcricnty of specific ovji ud valorem duties; and I
suppose I may say that Mr. Secretary Cobb ex-
presses the views of the other five-hundreths; that
is to say of the five per cent, of the population,
who are Federal officeholders, or who are finan-
cially interested in free trade or adwlorems. In the
time of General Jackson, it was consuka-ed import-
ant that the President and his CabinK should.be
" a unit " in opinion and sentiment. We all re-
member the disruption of a Cabinet of his which
was deficient in this unity. They had not then
learned the art of "agreeing to disagree," which'is
one of the arts and mysteries of our late politics
It is convenient for an Administration to present
a double face on such a question as this of the
tariff: one section can swear by the President, and
be orthodox—another by the Secretary, and not
be heterodox: one is of Paul, another of Apol-
los, yet both of the same faith. I have no fault
to find with this state of things; indeed,.it indi-
cates a toleration from which the happiest conse-
quences may be anticipated. "Specific duties"
arc, at least, no terrible heresies, and " ad valor-
ems " are not such truths, as that one doubting
them must infallibly be excommunicated from the
Democratic party.
The agricultural interests of the country re-
quire as much protection as any other. It is a
well established fact, that in the manufacture of
goods of all kinds, fifty per cent, of the products
of the farm enter into the composition as labor,
in the shape of food, wool, leather, &c. During
one year, the importations into the United States
amounted to $362,000,000, consequently the im-
ports of the productions of the farm amounted to
| #181,000,000. Think of that, and ponder it well,
i fanners !
Besides, with the excessive importations and
. balance of trade against us, the precious metals
l must bo sent out of the country, thus creating
fluctuations and revulsions, disastrous to the sta-
i bihty and well-being of the community.
. I am not going to afflict the committee with a
' citation of the opinions of the whole unbroken
. line of our great statesmen in favor of the policy
; of protection. Those opinions are familiar to thie
; House and to the country, as household words.
' Protection is the defensive policy of a State—that
: which husbands its resources, develops its skill,
renders industrious, happy, prosperous, its peo-
ple. If ever there was a country, which, more
than any other, was bound by the highest duty
to itself, to look after the industry, prosperity,
and happiness of its people, this is that country.
For this is the country in which the people are
sovereign, which is ruled, not by a king over the
people, but by the king-people itself.
What is the policy of this people with regard
to labor' Shall it raise American labor up to a
, higher level than the labor of all the rest of the
earth, or shall it sink American labor down to
the level of that wretched, European from-hand-
■ to-mouth pauperism, which is the lot of labor in
the Old World ? It is not a question of protect-
, ing iron or any other product of labor, but of pro-
tecting labor itself. It is not for her iron that
Pennsylvania osks specific duties, but for the men
who make that j con. She would not have her fifty
thousand sons who are engaged m making or man-
ufaoturmg iron, reduced to that European level.
Would you reduce the labor of this country to
starvation < Remember that, m the free States,
that labor votes. Ir is educated. it reads,'it thinks,
it acts for itself. It bears m its hand the rod of
oiiipne. And wdl this House, which lives but.
in fiie breath of its nostrils—will this House turn
a d'"if ear not only to the voice of that labor, ut-
ter.'d so emphatically lust fall, but to the voice of
tiae pohcy, as well?
If the government of our great cities is every
dj'v becoming more difficult; if, in these, our
American solution of the problem of man's capa-
city for self-aovernmentjs becoming overcast with
doubts and {cars; jf the eight hundred policemen
of Philadelphia, and the twelve hundred or more
of New York—uniformed and armnl—are neces-
sary, in those cities, for the imperfect protection
of fn'e and property: if tin1 city of Now York shiv-
ered v. rh idaim, when the cvil-gcmus m" it* ex-
ecutive ma*.i.-uv.t,% -\1 rnof.* arrayed the poor in
aimi* ng.ues: ih>* * m 'lie winter of l£57~."8, I
would os!r: why thai didicd; v otVo\ e t,wby
these doubt, ami kvas, wl.v thai va-u police ioi ,
