102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Fishing Bounties—Mr. Abbott.
Ho. op Reps.
why that alarm in New York ? It is largely be- !
cause of the inadequate or precarious reward of ,
labor; because of low wages and unsteady em-
ployment. Men cannot be brought together in
masses, and left idle. How much better for the
country woakl it be, if those fine, able-bodied po-
licemen coura be disbanded; if the mace and the
revolver could be taken from their hands, and the
implements of honest and honorable toil substi-
tuted.
Our ill legislation is the curse of those cities;
and it will make those cities, if we persevere in
it, the curse of the country. You cannot give
those cities over to anarchy and misrule; you
cannot degrade and pauperize their industrial pop-
ulation down to the European level, without in-
flicting infinite harm upon the whole country.
Convert that population into a brutal, ferocious,
licentious mob, and you will feel the effects of it
in the remotest, smallest hamlet in the land. And
yo« will mako them such a mob, by evil law-
making, affecting their labor; for laws can make
or unmake the moral character of a people. A
people whose labor is not well rewarded,cannot,
if that last long, continue to be free. The intel-
ligence of a people is much, their virtue is much,
their religion much, all these may long hold them
up, enable them to endure, but nil these will give
way if the physical well-being of a people is not
kept up to the level of their moial and intellec-
tual development. A people like ours is worth
making every effort to save; for if it goes down,
with it will go down the hopes of mankind for-
ever. _____
FISHING BOUNTIES.
SPEECH OF HON. N. ABBOTT,
OF MAINE, ;
In the House of Representatives, i
February 10, 1859. j
The limine bnmgm the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union— j
Mr. ABBOTT said: j
Mr. Chairman: I have sought the floor at the ;
present time for the purpose of saying a few words !
in opposition to a bill which passed the Senate at .
the last session of Congress, repealing the bounty j
on fish. The passage of that hill would, in my ;
judgment, boa groat injury to the country gener- ;
ally, as well as an act ot gross injustice to the pro- .
pie of that section engaged in the fisheries. j\!y
constituents, along the sea-coast, from Frankfort
to Wiscasset, are deeply interested m this quos- ■
tion, and I should be unfaithful to the trust they j
have reposed in me, wore 1 to be silent when their i
rights and their interests are so deeply involved.
Our fisheries, although local—and even outside of
the Union, so far as the place where the fish are
taken is concerned—are, nevertheless, eminently
national; national in the consumption of their
products, national in their effects upon our com-
merce, our navies, and the defenses of our coun-
try.
1 propose, in what few remarks 1 make within
the hour allotted to me, to point out some of the
cilectsof our fisheries upon the great interests of
the country, and to show the folly and injustice
of striking them down, by the withdrawal* of the
piotection they are now leeemng at the hands of
the Government. Nowhere is the fishing busi-
ness a svlf-sustmning business; yet the great,
commercial nations of the world, Great Britain,
France, Holland, and the United States, have ever
deemed it for their interest and safety to foster
and sustain that branch of industry, by bounties
or other protection; and all of these nations, ex-
cept the United States, have recently increased
their bounties, or protection, for the purpose of
stimulating their people to embark in the busi-
ness. They protect and uphold the fisheries from
national considerations. They loojs upon them
as nurseries to rear and educate a luudy and
efficient sace of seamen to man their merchant
and naval ships; and they aie too wise to dis-
pells" with them, although they require increased
protection; whilst the United States, with mure
commem- and less naval force, as if deteinnued
on tlicir own injury, are seeking to destroy their
iisherirs,by withdiawing the little protection they
how leceivo There is no nation on earth so
deeply interested in the maintenance of its fish-
eries as the United States; yet the United States,
or the men who control the Government, are the
only men who fail to see it.
Unlike the monarchies and despotisms of the
Old World, the true policy of our free Government
is to exempt the people from the oppressive bur-
dens of large standing armies and navies, and to
enable them to spend the fruits of their labor in
fitting themselves and their children for the great
and responsible duties of freemen. Yet a free
people must always be prepared to defend them-
selves against foreign aggressions. Their flag
and their rights wilfnot be respected unless they
possess the means of redressing wrongs and in-
sults, from whatever quarter they may come.
Our means of redressing wrongs and insults from
without, will never be foun# in large standing
armies and navies, while the people arc true to
] themselves and to the Government they have es-
| tablishrd. Having retained tire sovereign power
1 in themselves, they will not oppress and degrade
themselves to a level with the miserable victims
i of despotism by the imposition of unnecessary
burdens. The strength of the Governments of the
Old World lies m the magnitude and the efficiency
of their armies and navies; in the ability of the
'few, through their engines of war, to oppress and
' over-tax the many, for their exclusive benefit; in
'! the power to rob industry of her earnings to up-
hold a system of odious distinctions. On the con-
trary, the strength of our free Government lies in
the material resources of the country, and in the
spirit and pat riotism of the people to apply those
resources in defense of their rights and their lib-
erties whenever occasion requires. The strength
it of a despotism, or a monarchy, or an aristocracy,
is the weakness of a republic. The one stands
ij on the fears of the people; the other on the love
' they bear to their country, and the ability to
manifest their love in its defense. Our national
defense lies principally m our citizen soldiery, and
in the ready means of fitting out a sufficient num-
ber of privateersmen to cripple and destroy the
commerce of a hostile power; and not in standing
armies and navies, which impovenshand debase
the people. Protect our fisheries, and the means
of naval defense will always be within our reach.
Whenever the United fetates shall become in-
volved in a war with any of the leading Powers
of Europe, our merchant vessels will be thrown
out of employment during the war, and they will
rotat the wharves, uniessengaged in privateering.
Hence, so far as vessels are concerned, the means
for our naval defense will always be at hand on
tho breaking out of war; and, if we arc wise
enough to extend suitable protection to our fish-
eries, we shall have brave men enough to man i
them, and carry our flag proudly and triumph- j
antly into the very rivers, bays, and harbors of !
the enemy, and compel him to sue for an early I
and an honorable peace, as they did Gieat Britain
in the war of 18J2. Our privateersmen, or rather !
our means of fitting them out at a moment's warn- 1
ing, m numbers sudicient to sweep the commerce ■
'| of nny nation from the ocean, enable us, more i
] than any other cause, to maintain fuendly rela- j
hons with the jealous and antagonistic Powers of :
: Europe. That branch of our national defense is
ourgreatestsafeguardagamstforeignaggressions, j
foreign wars, and their terrible consequences to I
life and property, it is feared ten-fold more by i
the commercial nrdious of Europe, than all the |
regular defensive lorce of the country. It was j
instrumental in an eminent degree in terminating
both of mir unnatural find onerous wars with the j
mother country. Its power reached the pockets 1
of her merchants and business men, and they, to
save their veHScls'and their merchandise from the
grasp of onr intrepid privateersmen, forced their
Government to sue for peace. In the revolutionary
war, our privateersmen were our only naval de-
fense,and they weir fitted out and manned almost
J exclusively by our gallant eastern fishermen,
j During that war they hovered about the channels
1 and great thorough fares of British commerce, and,
; unaided by any other naval force, captured over
■ : seven hundred of the enemy Vvetssols, laden with
t.nch caigoes of merchandise and munitions of
jjwar. in the war of 1812 they cooperated with
j ihe small naval lone furnished by the Govern-
I! merit, and, in conjunction with thai force j thoy
captured between two and three thousand British
vessels; and if the war had not been speedily term-
inated, British merchantmen would soon have
ceased to plow the ocean, except under strong
naval escorts. In thsse remarks, I am not un-
mindful of the gallant services of our regular naval
force; but that force is too small, and ever will be
too small, if we adhere to the true principles of
our free Government, to excite the fears of great
rival and warlike nations.
Now, peace, peace with all the world, is our
true policy. To have it, all the world must fear
our power; and, as our chief power to injure ail
enemy consists in our ability to cover the ocean
with privateersmen, at a moment's warning,
manned by fearless eastern seamen, schooled on
the decks of our fishing crafts, is it wise to destroy
our fisheries ? wise to cut off our chief source of
power? Cannot the wisdom of this House see
the connection of our fisheries with the defenses of
the country11 When the House considers that the
Government expends only $300,000 on this branch
of our national defense, annually, and $25,000,000
on our regular Army and Navy, will it not re-
gnrd it with some degree of favor ? If $25,0(KL0U0
is the largest sum the Government can aff#W to
expend, annually,for the defenses of the country,
(and I admit that that sum is much more than it
ought to expend,) will it not be as well to pre-
serve both arms of our national defense, by reduc-
ing the expenditures of the regular Army and
Navy to $.24,700,000, and let the other $300,000
go to the fishermen, to sustain our fisheries ? Men,
men, on their farms, in their workshops, on the
decks of their vessels, engaged in productive in-
dustry, inspired with that fervent, ever-living
patriotism which springs from the enjoyment of
an economical and free Government, are our bul-
warks against invasions from without, and not a
hireling non-producing soldiery. Love of freedom,
freedom to enjoy the fruits of their labor, undi-
minished by onerous military or civil impositions,
is the groat motive power which ever has impelled,
and ever will impel, our people to deeds of valor in
the defense of their country's rights. It was this
that crowned our revolutionary efforts with suc-
cess; tins that gave us the victory in the war of
1812; this that covered our armies m Mexico with
so much glory. Hence, to preserve and augment
our power to resist foreign encroachments, is to
augment the material icsourcesof the country by
upholding all of its legitimate enterprises, and by
diminishing its enormous and unnecessary ex-
penditures; for there can be no enduring patriot-
ism, no continuing love of country, swelling the
' hearts of a people writhing under oppressive bur-
i dens. Every dollar filched from the pockets of
I the people, to sustain large military and naval
! armaments, or large corps of civil plunderers of
j the public Treasury, lessens the pecuniary means
j of the country; lessens the patriotism of the people;
i and, consequently, lessens the defensive power of
the Government.
i Again, our commerce, foreign and domestic,
! locking within its mighty embrace all the great
, interests of our whole country, calls no less
1 loudly for the preservation of our fisheries than
j does our power to repel invasion. There has ever
■ been an intimate connection between the fisher-
ies of a country and its commercial and naval
, succcsses. In all ages of the world, and in all
: nations where commerce has flourished or navies
I have covered themselves with glory, the fisheries
; have been regarded as the best and cheapest
; schools for the education of seaman, and one of
the chief causes of their triumphs. Venice so
j regarded them when she was the acknowledged
■, mistress of the ocean, when her dominion was
1 absolute and undisputed over the waters of the
Adriatic and Mediterranean seas; and when her
; fisheries ceased to be objects of public concern-
■ ment, her power declined. They were so re-
garded by Prance and England in all their con-
troversies, treaties, and wars, from the treaty of
St. Gcnnains, in 1G32, when Nova Scotia was
given to Funce, down to th^ war of I75G, when
Great Britain became the permanent possessor of
■ all the French possessions in Canada. They
! were so regarded by the Briush provinces in
j America, and the mother country, anterior to the
, Re\oluUon; and the mother country, at a very
early p'eao"d> lie'gUn to manifest jealousy of to
