1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
and distributing all public documents, with "the
Senate amendment thereto.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
and the amendment reported, as follows:
Section five, line nine, strike out the following:
'•And the joint resolution, approved March 20,18o8,sup-
plemental y to the ioint resolution of January 28, 1857, re-
specting the distribution of ceitain documents, is hereby
repealed, cxeept &o much of it as strikes out the words ' by
him,' at the Snd of the thud section of said joint resolution
of January 28, 1857, and substitutes in place thereof, the
woids, 'to him by the Representative in Congress from
each congressional district, and by the Delegate from each
Teiritory in the United States"
And insert in lieu thereof, the following:
And the joint resolution appioved March 20,1858, supple-
mental to the joint resolution approved January 28,1857,
respecting the distnbution of certain documents, is hereby
lcpealcd; and the third section of said joint resolution of
Jauuary 28, 1657, is hereby amended by staking out the
word*. •' by him," m the List line, and mseituig the words
" to him by eacli of the Senators from the seveial States,
ies peetively, and by the Representatives m Congress from
each congressional diiUiict, and by the Delegate Irom each
Teintoiy of the United States;"
So that the section will leadt
Sec. o. Jlndbe itfiutha cnactcdy That all such journals,
books, and other document*, shall heieafter be distributed
according to and for the put poses now prescribed bylaw,
except that the distributionot the same to the Goveinors of
the States and Temtories and to the judge? of the com ts of
the Cm led States, and other officers and public bodies within
the States oi Teiritories, shall be wholly under the control
of the Societal} of t lie Interior ; and the joint i evolution ap-
proved Mai oh 20, 1858, &c.: Jlnd provided, That such dis-
tribution shall fast be made at the instance of the Repre-
sentatives m Congress from di.>tricts in which such public
documents have not already been distributed, so that the
quantity distributed to each congressional district and Tcr-
ritoiy shall be equal.
Mr. WINSLOW. The bill passed the House
last session. The amendment of the Senate only
extends its operation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see any
necessity for it.
Mr. WINSLOW. Thcie are works voted to
members which must be distributed somewhere,
and it is but just that they should be distributed
in the mode provided for m the amendment. It
is a very important bill, and there are several
reasons why the action of the Secretary of the In-
terior should be facilitated at as early a day as
possible. Gentlemen can thus designate the in-
stitutions to which they wish their copies to be
sent; and if the passage of the bill be put off till
a late hour, gentlemen will be unable to do so. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WINSLOW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. SHORTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to ratify and confirm certain entries
of the public lands in tho State of Alabama, under
the act of August 4, 1854; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill ratifies and confirms all the entries of
the public lands made in the Greenville land dis-
trict, in the State of Alabama, between the 19th
of May and the 16th of September, A. D. 1856,
for actual settlement and cultivation, under the
provisions of tho " act to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands to actual settlers and cul-
tivators, " approved August 4, 1854; provided,
that nothing in the act contained shall be so con-
strued as ratifying and confirming any of said en-
tries that were not made bona fide under the said
act of August 4, 1654, and prior to the definite lo-
cation of the routes of the " Montgomery and
Pensacola,"and " Girard and Mobile" railroads.
RUTLAND COURT-HOUSE, ETC.
Mr. WALTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 call up the motion to reconsider the order
whereby the joint resolution (S. No. 65) author-;
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to convey a j
portion of the Government lot upon which the j
United States court-house stands, in Rutland, |
Vermont, in exchange for other land adjoining [
said lot, was referred to the Committee on the Ju- !
dietary, with a view of asking the House to put
it upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. WALTON. The jointresolution has the
sanction of the Committee on the Judiciary. The
Secretary of the Treasury asks for its passage.
He says that it will add to the convenience and
sightliness of the building, and will lessen the cost
of inclosing the ground.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think if the gentleman will
have read the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, it will cover the whole case. I have no ob-
jection to the passage of the joint resolution.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury is
as follows:
Treasury Department, January 16,1859.
Sir : I have to acknowledge the receipt this day of your
letter of the 7th instant, transmuting copy of a resolution
by the Senate to tho Committee on the Judiciary, author-
izing the change of a porttojt of the site of the Rutland, Ver-
mont, court-liouse and post office, for a like area of land
adjoining another pat t of the site, and requesting me to in-
form you, if such exchange of land is expedient and bene-
ficial, whether any, and what, objections exist to the pas-
sage of the icsolution ; and also whether it ought, in any
respect, to be modified.
In reply, I have to say that this site is in the form of an
irregular parallelogram, and the change contemplated by
the above resolution is to exchange a poition fioin the lear
of the lot, of ltd longer dimension, for a portion of land ad-
joining its fiont, and thus added to its shorter dimeiiMon.
As tins will add to the convenience and sightliness of the
building, and lessening the coal of inclosing the ground-, 1
deem the contemplated exchange, if made without cost to
the Government, expedient and beneficial, and I know ot no
objection to the passage of the bill, noi do I &ee auv neces-
sity for modifying it.
Very respectfully, HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James A. Bayard,
Chairman Committee on Judiciary, Senate Chamber.
Mr. WALTON called for the previous ques*
tion on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
read a third time, and was accordingly read the
thiid time, and passed.
Mr. WALTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
. The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF CONVICTS.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the consent of the
House to have an order made to print a docu- ;
ment lelating tu a subject on which the House 1
have no information. 1 refer to the report of the
Comptroller of the Treasury on the expenses of,
convicts in the various States. I know every 1
gentleman will be glad to have the information.
There being no objection, the order to print
was made. j
HOMESTEAD BILL. !
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question. '
I call up the motion to reconsider the vote by I
which House bill (No. 72) to secure homesteads :
to actual settlers on the public domain, was re- 1
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state 1
of the Union. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. ■
Stephens] moved to lay the motion to reconsider i
on the table. 1 hope he will withdraw that mo- j
tion, and let us have a vote directly upon the j
motion to reconsider, and not waste time by two j
votes. |
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In order to j
save time, 1 will withdraw the motion to lay on j
the tabic, and allow the vote to be taken directly j
on the motion to reconsider. I believe the pre- :
vious question has not been seconded on the mo- ;
tion to reconsider. ,
Mr. GROW. I called for the previous ques- ,
tion. I suppose there is no necessity that this
subject should be discussed at this period of the
session. !
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I simply de- 1
sired to say a few words. 1 am against the bill; '
1 thinkthewhole land system ought tobcchanged; ■
but I do not now wish to go into the discussion, j
I withdraw the motion to lay on the table, saying !
at the same time that I hope the vote will not be j
reconsidered; but that the bill will be retained in ■
the Committee of the Whole, where we can dis- ;
CufeS it. !
Mr. MILLSON. I think the motion to lay the i
motion to reconsider on the table ought to be |
made and persisted in. I am not sure that there
ought not to be discussion. If a reconsideration ;
takes place, the previous question will cut off all
discussion. Until we ascertain what is the wish
of the House in reference to the motion to recon-
sider, I prefer that the previous question shall not
be ordered. I therefore move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. I Ifope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw that motion. I am as
much opposed to this bill as he is, and I hope some
arrangement will be made by which my reasons
may be put on record; but it seems to me unne-
cessary to consume time by a vote on the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MILLSON. If the effort is to be made to
take up this bill at this period of the session, let
the responsibility for delaying the public business
fall where it should properly fall. I do not think
a bill of this importance ought to be passed with-
out debate. I think the attention of the country
ought to be called to it.
Mr. GROW. This bill has been discussed in
Congress for the last eight years.
Mr. MILLSON. Not before the members of -
the present Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas (19, rrays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Avery, Barksdale,
Bocook, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Chapman, John
B. Claik, Clay, Cobb. liurtori Craige, Davidson, Dowdell,
Edimnuhon. Eu^tisj Faulkner, Foley, Garnett, Gartrell,
Gihner, Goode, Gieemvood, Harris, Hawking IIill. Hop-
kins. Iloubton, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Owen 'Jones,
Koitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Laumi, McQueen, Humphrey
Marshall. Ma^on, Mavnard, Miles, Millson, Momcomery,
Moore, Nibl.ick, Nicliols, Peyton, John S. Phelps. Reagan,
Kieainl, Rulhn, Sewuid, Adiou Shaw, Ileniy M. Shaw,
Shorter, Siwdetrm, William Smith, Stalhvorth, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Un-
derwood, Vance, Watkms, VVuislow, and Woodson—69.
NAVfcS—IWe^Ms Abbott, Adrain, Alii, Andrews, Atkins,
Ban. Billmgbuist, Bingham, Bliss,Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
luigame, Burns, Case, Cavauaugh," Chaffee, dawson,
Claik B. Cochiane, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax,
Comma, Corning, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of
Maiyiand, Davis ot Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of low.i, Dawes,Dean, Dick, Dodd, Duriee, Elliott, Farns-
wortli. Fenton, Florence, Foster, Gidduigs, Oilman, Gooch,
Goodwin, Gianger. Gregg. Giow, Lawrence W. Hall, Har-
lan, Ilatch, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Howard,
George W. Jones, Kenn, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Lawrenee, Leaeh, Leidv, Leiter. Love-
joy, Maelay, Mattppon, Miller, Morgan, Morrill. Edward
Joy Morns,'.Isaac N. Moms, Fieeman 11. Morse, Oliver A.
Mor e, Mmiay, Olin, Palmer, I\uker, Pendleton, Pettit,
Plulhpf, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Kohbms, Roberts,
Itoyee, Russell, John Sherman, Robeit Smith, Spinner,
Stanton. William Stewart, Tapp.'in, Thayer, Tompkins,
Yailandiahum, Wade. Walbridge, Waldion, Walton. Cad-
waladei ('. Washburn', Ellilm B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
bum, Wilson, Woitendyke. Augustus R. Wright-flnd John
V. Wright—112.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LETCHER asked leave to vote, stating
that, he was absent on the Committee of Ways and
Means when his name was called.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. LETCHER stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mi. MOORE stated that Mr. Sanuidge was
detained from the House by sickness. . 
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Tai.lot, was still confined to his room by
indisposition.
Mr.OLiNs'atecl thathiscolleague,Mr.Thomp-
son, was confined at his boarding place by sick-
ness.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, stated that, if lie
had been within the bar when his name was called,
he should have voted " no."
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. GROW. Tho demand for the previous
question is pending, I believe, upon that question.
Mr. VALLANDlGIiAM. I ask tho gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw his call foi
the previous question to enable me to ask him a
question.
Mr. GROW. I insist on my demand for the
previous question. When the motion to recon-
sider has been acted on, the gentleman can then
ask his question.
Mr. VALLANDIG1T AM. That will answer
my purpose equnllv well.
Mr. MAYjNARt). I wish to ask what will be
the effect of seconding the previous question and
