1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i03
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Fishing Bounties—Mr. Abbott.
Ho. of Reps.
growing power of her provinces, principally on
account of the number, hardihood, and manly
independence of the seamen reared in their fish-
eries. The act of the British Parliament, passed
in 1775, prohibiting certain of their eastern colo-
nies from fishing on the Grand Banks, proves
the existence of that early jealousy. They have
been so regarded since our Revolution, by Eng-
land and the United States, as all the treaties,
negotiations, and diplomatic correspondence be-
tween the two countries clearly attest; and when-
ever either of these great maritime nations shall
fall to so regard them, its commerce and its naval
strength will be impaired. They were so regarded
by the Continental Congress, when, in 1779, it
instructed John Adams, the colonial Minister at
the Court of St. James, that " the common right
of fishing must in no case be given up, and that
that right was essential to the prosperity of all
the States." Fisher Ames so regarded them,
when he said, " they will enrich, while they will
protect, the nation." They were so regarded by
that greatapostle of genuine democracy, Thomas
Jefferson, who, in 1791, when he was Secretary
of State, said, " we have two nurseries for form-
ing seamen—our coasting trade and our fisher-
ies." And who again, when he was President
of the United States, in a message addressed to
Congress, in 1802, said:
"To cultivate peace, and maintain commerce and navi-
gation, m all Ihcir lawful enterpnses, and to fosterour fish-
eries as nurseries of navigation, aie the landmarks by
which we arc to guide ourselves in all our pioccedings.''
ux arc
General Knox, Commodore Stewart, John Q,.
Adams, and Daniel Webster, have all borne tes-
timony equally strong in favor of the national im-
portance of our fisheries. I might sustain this po-
sition by quoting the uniform opinions of our
statesmen, military and naval officers, from the
days of Washington to the present time; but it
would bean unnecessary waste of the time of this
House; for no mail, in my judgment, can fail to re-
cognize the importance of our fisheries, as schools
for the rearing of seamen, unless he is blinded by
sectional bigotry, and his eyes utterly closed to the
truths of history and the teachings of experience;
and to such men, I trust, I am not speaking. The
war of 1812 checked, for the time being, the nat-
ural development of our country's resources, and
was looked upon with great disfavor by the
American people; yet so conscious was our Gov-
ernment of the national importance of our fish-
eries, as aids to our commerce and naval defenses,
that our peace commissioners at Ghent—Adams,
GJay, Gallatin, Bayard, and Russell—were per-
emptorily instructed not to permit, our rights to
them to be discussed even; but to " terminate ne-
gotiations the moment those rights should bo
brought into question."
Such was the policy of our Government then.
Such has been its policy from that day to the birth
of this hill, in the Senate, at the last session of
this Congress. Yet, strange to say, that now,
when our commerce has found its way to the re-
motest corners of the earth, and has outgrown
that of any other nation, and needs, more than
ever, a continuance of that policy, it is proposed
by the conservative blanch of Congress to change
it. Our growing commerce, which is necessary
to the prosperity o-f every section of our country,
furnishing employment to northern laborers, arti-
sans, and navigators, and to the South and^the
West the means of transporting their vast and
ever-increasing surplus products to the best mar-
kets the world affords, however distant or difficult
of access, demands more native-born officers and
native-born seamen in its service. Even now,
with the immense number annually supplied by
our fisheries, it is impossible to obtain the requi-
site number. What, then, must be the condition
of our commerce when Congress shall have cut
off that prolific source of supply ? Take from our
commerce the fifty thousand native-born seamen,
who have been schooled in our fisheries, and it
must languish for want of capable and efficient
seamen to perform its nautical labors. The ship-
owners and merchants in our Atlantic cities, from
Mew Orleans to Calais, have, for several years,
seen and felt the necessity of more native-born
seamen ill the merchant service; and, at the last
session of the present Congress, they sent in a
memorial praying for the passage of a law (o
remedy the defect. They asked Congress to make
it compulsory on the owners of each merchajit
vessel to educate annually, on ship-board, at their
own expense, a certain number of American boys.
But it is manifest that Congress does not possess
the power to impose such a ruinous tax on the
shipowners of our country; and if it did, the ex-
ercise of it would prove utterly inadequate to the
accomplishment of the object sought. If there
were no other reason for protecting our fisheries,
the fact that we want more native-born seamen
to sustain our vast and growing commerce is suf-
ficient of itself. The sons of our'hardy fishermen,
from their childhood up to manhood, during the
summer season, are on the ocean with their
fathers, learning the art of practical seamanship,
and in winters in our common schools fitting
themselves to occupy the first places in the com-
merce of their country. When thus educated and
matured, they naturally seek and engage in the
business for which they are so preeminently qual-
ified. Indeed, the little State of Maine, with only
six Representatives on this floor, builds and mans,
in whole or in part, one third of all the vessels
built in the United States, and four fifths of all
her seamen have been schooled on the decks of
our fishing crafts.
The repeal of the fishing bounty act, at this
time, would not only subject our Government to
the charge of imbecility, but also to the charge of
wanton and gross injustice towards that section
of the country engaged in the fishing business.
Upon the principle of common justice, that act is
irrepealablc. Its enactment was an invitation by
the Government to the people to invest their
means in the enterprise. When Congress passed
that act, it virtually said to the free citizens of the
North, the fishing business is known not to be a
remunerative business; but the great interests of
the Union requiie that it should be prosecuted;
and, if you will embark in it, your investments
shall be protected, and made remunerative by as-
sistance from the national Treasuiy. The exact
amount of the assistance was then fixed and es-
tablished, as a motive to the investments that have
been since made. Trusting in the good faith of
the Government, our honest fishermen invested
their money and labor in fishing-vessels, fish-
wharves, fish-yards, fish-houses, and other fix-
tures necessary to the prosecution of the business.
They now have on hand over two thousand fish-
ing vessels engaged in the cod-fisheries, with the
nt'eessary fixtures for drying and curing the fish
when taken, exceeding, in value, four million dol-
lars, all of which was invested upon the invita-
tion anil good faith of the Government, and all,
or neaily all, of which will be lost to the owners,
if the Government withdraws the bounty. The
vessels aretoo small, and their models illy adapted
to the coasting trade, or any other business. The
property invested in the fisheries is valueless for
any other purpose. Cut off the bounty, and you
will cut down the business; for under the recent
reciprocity treaty with England, opening our
ports to provincial fish, and other products, duty
free, it will be impossible for oui fishermen to
compete, without protection, with their provin-
cial neighbors with protection. Cut off the bounty,
and our fishing vessels will cease to be scliool-
houses for the education of seamen. Cut it off,
and our Government will stand convicted of lead-
ing an honest and confiding corps of fishermen
into the investment of more than four millions of
their hard coming's, and then turning round and
destroying it, by a wanton act of its sovereign
power. Cut it off, and you will cut off so much
the revenue of the country as is now derived
from the duties on imported £uit used in curing fish
caught by our fishermen. Our fish markets must
be supplied by provincial fishermen; and their
fish, under the recent treaty (and consequently
the salt used in curing them) will be received free
of duty. Cut it off, and you will weaken our
national defenses, injure our commeice, destroy
all the property invested in our fisheries, drive
our hardy fishermen fiom their accustomed em-
ployment, and thereby leave an open field for the
exclusive benefit of foreign nations.
Sir, 1 protest agoinst such national folly; against
such legislative injustice towards that section of
the country I, in part, represent. The legislative
actibn of a cbuntry should be just towards its sev-
eral parts. The rights of no section should be dis-
regarded or overlooked, however small or distant.
With us, unjust legislation is intolerable; and
whilst the spirit of our fathers animates the hearts
of the people, they will not submit to it. Every
true friend of the Union will look upon the authors
of it with loathing and disgust. In the language
of the Constitution, our Union was formed " to
establish justice." Justice, emanating from our
national Government, and spreading itself over
every section of our vast and diversified country,
is, and ever must be, the bond of union between
these United States. Ignore that, and our glori-
ous Union will break into fragments. Ignore that,
and the Union will not be worth preserving; for
the end of our Government is the absolute protec-
tion of human rights, persons, and property.
Now, I respectfully submit for the considera-
tion of this House, is it just for Congress, by
bounties, to induce the people of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts to invest their money, for the general
good, in a non-productive business; and then,
after the investment is made, change its policy,
withdraw the bounty, and thereby destroy the
property invested and ruin the men engaged in
the business? Such an act would be equivalent
to taking private property for public uses with?
out just compensation. Hence I maintain that,
if Congress takes away the bounty from our fish-
ermen, it is not only bound by every principle
of justice, but also by the spirit, if not the letter,
of the Constitution itself, to make an appropria-
tion to pay them for the losses they will sustain.
Protection granted to a particular branch of indus-
try, which is deemed to be of national importance,
and which involves an outlay of capital in works
unfit for any other purpose, is in the nature of a
( contract; and to withdraw it without indemnity,
! is as dishonorable in a Government as the viola-
|j tion of its technical obligations. Eleven twelfths
11 of the property which will be destroyed by the
passage of this bill is owned by the people of
Maine and Massachusetts, and I am unwilling
that the whole loss should fall on them. If the
Government shall be foolish enough to change its
wise, national, and time-honored policy of pro-
tection to its fisheries, let the losses occasioned
by the change be borne equally by the whole
country. If the Government cannot or will not
see its true interest, it can be just towards the
especial victims of its folly. The provision in the
] bill, postponing the time when it shall take effect,
!! will not materially diminish the loss. To go on
1 with the business, the vessels and fixtures must
be kept in lepair; anil, consequently, when the
ij bill goes into operation, whether it bo two or ton
ji years hence, the amount of property to be affected
by it will be nearly the same.
] am opposed to this bill because of its tend-
ency to excite and keep alive sectional feelings.
; I Ostensibly it is the child of the Democratic party,
: but in reality it is the child of a few southern dic-
tators of the Democratic party, who control that
party, and through that party control the Gov-
ernment of the country. These dictators of the
Democratic party seem to be inspired with a jeal-
ous hatred of free labor and free institutions. Act-
ing in obedience to such inspiration, they are now
; wielding the entire powers of the Government in
hostility to everything free, from the soil on which
i! we stand to the men who till it; and thcfiee fish-
jl ermcn of the far East aie the victims of their
j hatred to be reached by this bill. If protection
ij is needed to uphold a northern interest, the sys-
!; tcm is regarded by these dictatois as manifestly
|j unequal; if needed to uphold a southern interest,
no such inequality is perceptible If a paltry sum
i ; wanted to sustain our New England fisheries,
they hold that it is better to let them perish than
to violate a great principle; but, if double the
amount is wanted to sustain the sugar business
in Louisiana, it may be taken without objection.
A postal system, that takes millions from the free
States to pay deficiencies in lift' slave States, they
regard as equal; but just and trifling aids to a fiee
State business, unequal. The door of the national
Treasury is closed against every enterprise carried
on by free labor and fi ee capital, whilst it is wide
open and prodigal in tin-* bestowment of its gifts
on whatever is supposed to promote the institu-
tion of slavery, or the interests of the men who
uphold it. It is wrong, m their opinion, to take
