1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
35th Cong....2b Sess.
Law and Order—Mr. Jackson.
Ho. of Reps.
of wrong; yet, sir, I believe the policy to be as
reckless as the results have been derogatory to
southern honor, and disastrous to southern inter-
ests. Nothing but the spirit of the higher law-
can be invoked to justify or defend it. Look at
the facts. An eminent judge of the supreme
court, born in Georgia, and grown to the man-
hood of the full lawyer in the State of Alabama,
of irreproachable private charactcr, blending the
highest tone of southern feeling with profound
erudition and stern integrity, expounds to the
people among whom he had lived for years, the
plain law of the land, only to meet with derision,
if not insult, from a portion of that people and its
press. Light, brighter than that which falls from
the lucid mind of the judge, unseen by all except
themselves, the inner light of this higher law of
conscience, illumines the minds of jurors, and the
expositions of the judge become twilight under
its brilliancy. The filibuster and his coadjutors
spurn both the law and us expounder; he evades
the revenue cutter, carries off with him its officer,
contemns the laws of his country, and sails for
conquest and glory on the shores of Nicaragua.
How does the play end? With the wretched
farce of his shipwreck and restoration, through
the kindness of a British man-of-war, which, if j
he had but encountered it before the shipwreck, J
he had determined to fight and demolish. What i
are the fruits of the enterprise? Reproach upon I
southern charactcr for the observance of law and S
derision heaped upon southern chivalry—the |
whole affair reminding one more of the windmill ;
adventure of Don Quixote than the prowess of;
real heroism. 1
Kindred to the expedition of the filibuster in 1
quixotism, though destitute of any approach toits !
chivalry, is thatotheradventure which was lately !
enacted on the shores of Georgia. Without the ,
hope of honor or the prospect of military renown, 1
these latter Adventurers seem to have been allured ■
by the less noble desire for gain. Though the j
constitution of Georgia prohibited the African 1
slave trade, and erected the barrier of State sover- i
eignty, in addition to the Federal law, in their path, |
the law of their consciences overleaped both love 1
of the Union and love of the Slate, and became to !
them a law higher than both the laws of the Union !
and the constitution of Georgia combined. Thus !
docs the higher law, when once enthroned in the i
hearts even of men of position and character, de- i
throne all reason, substitute passion for prejudice, !
and lead men to acts which they must regret them-
selves, when reason resumes her throne. 1 deeply ;
deplore the fact that any portion of the South 1
should have been the scene of this violation of 1
law; and I deplore it the moie because Georgia '
was selected as the spot whoie Federal law was ■
to be trampled upon and her own constitution de- 1
fied. Let me not he misunderstood. The justice
or propriety of any of these laws is not the ques- !
tion I now discuss. So far as the neuhahty laws
are concerned, however, I am free to say that I
am ready by my vote, at any time, so to modify i
them as to sweep from the march of " manifest
destiny" the barriers which our own legislation
has erected in its path; but while they stand on
the statute-book, J cannot add my voice to the
clamor against those who discharge their duty by |
enforcing them.
In regard to those for the suppression of the
African slave trade, I deprecate all agitatiog of
the question for many reasons, which time wilt
nnt permit me now to detail. Suffice it to say, ■
that the scheme is now wholly impracticable.
The trade never can be reopened by the repeal of .
the laws interdicting it, while the Union lasts. If
t!i<- South were united upon ft, no Representative
I rum the North would vote for their repeal, and the
only effect of the agitation that I can see, will be
to weaken northern Democrats friendly to the
constitutional rights of the South, by funushing
food to iVed and fatten the growing Abolition ;
parly North But the South is nor, and probably
cannot be, united upon it, and the agitation is
dangei ous, because it must divide her against
herself—separating probably the older from the
fresher cotton Stales, and .it all events the cotton ;
Stmt's fiom the bonier hemp and tobacco and
gnun States of Maryland, Yugtirn, Kentucky,
".jjs.-mun, and p"-.°ib]y others. Tla* great de-
sideratum,*'' for which southern fuatejuien, who
are now in their graves, pined and prayed, has
been accomplished. The South is a unit; united
in unshaken faith that her institutions are in ac-
cordance with the word of God, beneficial to the
slave and the master, guarantied in the Consti-
tution of the country; and if that Constitution
be broken, She feels possessed both of will and
ability sufficient to defend and protect them. This
union is her strength. Divide her and she is con-
quered. Let those who throw this firebrand into
her midst and fan its flame, pause, lest m their
zeal to serve, they divide and weaken, if they do
not destroy the land that they love.
But, I repeat, the propriety of the law is .not
the question I now consider. Its violation while
law 1 denounce as but another exhibition of that
" higher law " which all of us at the South con-
temn and despise when exhibited at the North.
I pass by, Mr. Chairman, other violations of
law and order, having selected these as the most
striking, for a three-fold purpose.
First, to awaken the attention of the sober and
thinking men of the country, that all such men
may unite to put down this higher law, and its
disastrous effects, by the moral force of public
opinion. I believe, unless arrested by the frowns
of the people who love law and order, it must re-
sult. not more certainly in a dissolution of the
Union than in that which is of more consequence
to us and our children than even the Union itself—
the destruction of our free institutions, and the
substitution of despotism in their stead. Sensi-
ble men want security—security of hfe, person,
and property; and they must and will have it.
Without fixed law, and obedieiico to it, there can
be no such, security; and they may be forced to
look elsewhere than to our piesent forms of gov-
ernment for it.
My second purpose is to put this Administra-
tion upon trial; and appeal to the great jury of
their countrymen to say whether they have dis-
charged faithfully the great duty enjoined by the
Constitution,to sec that the laws are faithfully
executed." I do this the more cheerfully because
it has been wrongfully abused, in my opinion, in
both sections of the Union, and for the same cause
in both; because it has discharged its executory
duty with an eye single to the Constitution and
the low, and without respect to sections or to men.
I remember, when a candidate for the seat 1
now occupy, that 1 repeatedly expressed the opin-
ion that, so far as Kansas was concerned—then
the theme of agitation and acrimonious debate—
this Administration would see to it that the or-
ganic law of that Territory was faithfully exe-
cuted. It has done so, sir, to the Setter. The spe-
cial message of the President, communicating the
constitution framed at Lecompton,is an ample
answer to every assault upon him before th^ peo-
ple I represent here. And what great sm was
thereby committed against the North > tie ad-
hered to all the forms and sanctions of law. "His
offense hath this extent, no more:" Expressing
his opinion that the constitution ought to be sub-
mitted to the people as the surest test of the pop-
ular sanction, he did not make such submission
a " sinr qua n.on," because the Constitution of the
country, which he had sworn to support, £avo
him no «mch power. The law organi/in^ the Ter-
ritory loft the people free to act " m their own
way " That law was enforced by protecting the
convention in the right thus secured, and recom-
mending their action to the favorable considera-
tion of Congress. The discharge of this duty,
tins adherence 10 law and order and repudiation
of mob-soveieiirnty, has U*en tor!ureJ into a vdo
submission to the slavr-power. Tim fa- uds of
half a century have uimul wall political f a to
heap odium upon the Pre^id-"it, and he sirs to-
day in the White IXoa^e the he^t-abu^ed Presi-
dent since Jnckson Vj time, fchr, impartial history
will write down the truth, and thai will be, that,
though forced to break the ties that bound hiin to
early friends, and abandoned by statesmen and
States until the entire IN orth. bristled with an al-
most unbroken line of anger and opposition, he
possessed the moral nerve to d.pchaige his duty
and execute the law. He fuuno ih>x Kansas act
in opeitiuon—die work of o;h r i.i/n. lie wa-5
pledged to enforce its pivv:-jon;;, and, thouch
soiin', v. lu> assisted to mak*-, abandoned it, he re-
dt"*mi*d the pledge.
The unsettled condition of the Mormon Terri-
tory of Utah—another fruit of the " higher law "
—was cast upon this Adrftinistratioii by inherit-
ance; not by any act of theirs, or omission on
their part to act. With firmness and moderation,
force and prudence, they did act. The suprem-
acy of the Constitution nas been vindicated; the
authortiy of law maintained, and peace and civil-
ization resumed their sway where bloodshed and
anarchy had reigned so long.
Has this Administration, elevated to power in so
large a degree by the South, and represented inthe
Cabinet by four southern men, proved faithless to
its trust to execute the law at the South, in defi-
ance of ebullitions of southern feeling, and in the
teeth of exhibitions of the higher law there? If
it has failed thus to act, it is unworthy of the con-
fidence of honest men everywhere, and ought to
be repudiated and disgraced. I am gratified that
it can be said, with truth, it has discharged its
whole duty there. It would have sunk into con-
tempt in the estimation of the people of the South
had it done otherwise. All its constitutional
power has been employed to maintain the neutral-
ity law in its spirit, and enforce it to the letter.
Indeed, sir, so vigilant has been the Administra-
tion in the suppression of expeditions to Nicara-
gua, that some of the first and best men here from
the South have thought that the neutrality laws
have been enlarged by construction and strained
in their execution. If grand juries fail to prefer
bills, or petit juries to convict, let the blame rest
upon them, or upon the law which, for wise pur-
poses, under our free system, vests in them these
powers.
Let it be remembered that the Federal Execu-
tive exhausts all its powers when, in good faith
and with vigor, it accuses and prosecutes. Nor i .
a prosecution without conviction always a farce.
The fact that prosecutions are pressed and offend-
ers subjected to the expense and anxiety attend-
ant upon bonds or imprisonment, goes far to deter
others from similar adventures, and often answers
this important object of punishment. The cor-
respondence of the Treasury and Navy Depart-
ments discloses zealous efforts to preserve untar-
nished the honor of the country, and maintain
inviolate its own law of neutrality. Yet, sir, there
are not wanting men in this country, familiar
with the limited powers of our Executive and the
checks which our Constitution interposes between
those powers and the liberty of the citizen, ready
to echo the cry of foreigners, that our Govern-
ment connives at these expeditions and secretly
rejoices at their escape from our shores. Shame
upon all who, for purposes of party, thus lower
the standard of American character abroad, and
bring reproach upon their country in the eyes of
the civiiized world!
Equally vigilant has been the Administration
m its efforts to suppress .the African slave trade.
Efforts have been made to detect all who partici-
pated in the enterprise; arid ali detected have been
committed for tnal. What may be the result of
the prosecutions, no man can foresee; but the Gov-
ernment has gone the entire length of its consti-
tutional limit. Active agents are appointed; as-
; sistant counsel is employed; and no labor or ex-
j pense has been spared to bring the offenders to
; justice. Should failure result, let it be attributed
either to the harshness of a law of doubtful con-
stitutional authority, making the trade piracy, or
to that inestimable constitutional paviiege of trial
by jury, which sometimes enables the guilty to
esraoe, hut oftener is the only security for tho
mni'ieut.
Fiom th '*« facts, Mr. Chairman, which cannot
be truthfully denied, f assert that, in the important
function of the execution of the law, this Admin-
is'ration has discharged its whole duty, without
respect to sections or to men. It ha4*, most em-
phatically, known no North, no South, no Eas%
no West, it has been enabled thus to execute:
laws of a quaai sectional character ni all sections
of the Union, because it was lifted into power by
all sections of the Union ; and this last thought
loads me to the consideration of thr> third purpose
for winch 1 alluded to the £4 higher law/5 and
some of its consequences. That purpose is to
show that an tion, Novated to power
by no party except a party composed of materia 1
; from both of the great distinctive sections of thu
