728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is dis-
cussing the merits of the bill.
Mr. SPEAKER. The point of order is waived
until the gentleman has concluded.
Mr. KEITT. Is the bill before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that the
point of order should be decided until the H ouse
shall came to vote whether the bill shall be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
■Union.
Mr. HOUSTON.. The point which I propose
to make is this. I do not object to the gentleman
going on with his speech; I am williiig that he
shall do so. But, from a remark which fell from
the Chair. I apprehend that itis possible I may be
put in a false position if I should not now say that
as-I view the bill—having examined it-—it does
mjike an appropriation; and, so making an ap-
propriation, the bill must, as a matter of course,
and without amotion or vote, go to the Committee
of the Whole either on the Private Calendar or on
the state of the Union. I do not deem it-neces-
sary to discuss the propriety of send ins; it to the
committee, because under the rules of the House
jt must go there if it makes an appropriation.
That is all I have to say. I have 110 objection to
the gentleman going on with his speech.
Mr. BURLINGAME. The States of Alabama,
Louisiana, Maryland, and Arkansas, have rec-
ommended its passage. Twenty-two Slates arc
interested in these claims. As I have stated, it lias
passed the Senate five times, and the House twice,
it has been vetoed twice—once because of the
pressure or drain op the Treasury through the
Mexican war, and once by President Pierce,
through, as I think, a misapprehension of the
facts.
As I stated, I do not desire to discuss the ques-
tion, nor do I believe that the House desires, at
this time, to discuss it. So believing, X move the
previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman from Maine with regard to the manner m
which this bill was considered before. It' my re-
collection be not at fault, this bill was considered
in the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union.
. Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-*
tleman from Yiigima allow me to say——
Mr. LETCHER. Wait a moment, if you please;
the bill was considered in the Committee of tlje
Whole on the state of theUnion; mid 1 think the
Speaker will recollect that my colleague, General
Bayly, who then had charge of the bill, appealed
to the committee (after a vote had been 1 alien on one
amendment which I presented to it, and when 1
had risen with thirty or forty additional amend-
ments to offer, one after another) not to allow me
to get any amendment to the bill adopted ;!>.-cause,
if the bill were amended in one paitirular, the
probability was that the bill would be lost. 1 have
JlO doubt that the Speaker will iccolleet that fact.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from Virginia \v ill allow me to say that he is
correct in regard to the time when the bill passed
the House, 111 the Thiity-'fluid Congress. Hut
1 recollect that subsequently, or, at any rate, dur-
ing one Congress that I have been hole, the ques-
tion was raised and decided as I say—that it was
not necessary to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
reason that it did not make any appropriation of
money within the purview of the rules, but sim-
ply provided for the asceitainnient and declaring
of the liability of the Government.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Maine be kind enough to furnish the Chair with
the precedent'
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. - I am looking
for it.
Mr. LETCHER. According to my recollec-
tion, this bill has never passed, except in one Con-
gress, since I have been here, and this is the eighth
year that I have been here. It was vetoed at that
time by President Pierce. Theie may have been
some consideration at a subsequent petiod, but t
have no recollection that it was considered either
in the House or in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The only occasion on
which I have any recollection about it, was at the
time, in 1853, when Colonel Benton made his cel-
ebrated speech against it; audit was then consid-
eredm the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. That is my recollection about it.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is right. . I
Mr. LETCHER. Now, it seems to me, on i
every consideiation, that if there ever has been a i
bill before Congress that ought to be considered !
with all the formalities attached to consideration
m the Committee of the Whole on the state of .
the Union, it is this identical bill. Here it has '
been a stand-by for the last fifty years. It has
been considered again and again. It has some-
times passed one House, and has sometimes
passed the other; and, uniformly, when it has
passed both Houses, ithas met with an Executive
veto, and thus been defeated. Now, if a bill of
the longstanding of this; a bill that has been, j
again and again, the subject of consideration in j
one or the other House; which has, after due con- j
j sideration by the Executive of the country, been I
; vetoed on two occasions, and by different men, I J
i cannot possibly conceive of any measure which i
■ requires a more careful and more considerate j
scrutiny in the Committee of the Whole on the I
' state of the Union than this bill. !
| Mr. BURLINGAME. The gentleman will ,
: allow me to interrupt him here? The present:
! Executive voted to report this very bill from the
' Committee on Foreign Affairs in the Senate, and ;
voted for it in the Senate; and I presume that the j
fact that the Washington Union has published ;
tiie speech of Mr. Webster in its favor, this j
morning, ia an indication of the views of the Ex- j
ecutive. ' j
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know what
infeieiMV the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Burj.infoamu] wishes to draw from that to operate !
on the action of this House now ? Does the gen- j
tleman intend to bring here the opinion of the
Executive, and to treat that as a power sufficient .
to control the members of this House? Is that 1
the purpose of a gentleman on that aide of the ,
House, fioin which we have heard so much over j
and overasain, about Executive dictation and Ex- j
ecutive influence? I can hardly suppose so. But
suppose the President did once vote for this bill
while he was m the Senate; and suppose it was ']
H-ported fiom his committee: is that any reason
why this House should depart from its rules, and
refuse to give the bill a consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union r So ,
fur fiom that, it ought to have exactly the oppo- ;
site (.fleet. Besides, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says that the Union published this morn-
ing a speech in favor of it. The Union published
the other day the report of my friend from North
Caroline, [Mr. Branch,] and it contains a coun-
terblast this morning from two gontluiion from
Louisiana. What does the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts make of that?
Mr. BURLINGAME. 1 desire to withdraw
the suggestion that the President may be in favor
of the bill; because, recollecting what occiu red
yesteiday, when the House refused , by a vole of
j-jU >'0 7;J, to authoilze liini to conluict a loan, I
do not think lliat this measure would profit much
by that suggestion.
Mr. LETOlIEl!. I do not think that the g-n-
tleman lioin Massachusetts has helped I11S origin-
al position by that shift.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
Virginia give way to me for a moment?
Mr. LE I'CHER. 1 will give way ltrst to my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who appeals
to me.
| Mr. DxWIS, of Maryland. I merely wish to
: ask the gentleman from Virginia, if it be the sev-
enth section of the hill on which herestshis sup-
position that it makes an uppropriotion?
Mr. LE I'CHER. I do not recollect what sec-
tion it is.
] Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it in these
! words: "and such certificate of stock shall be re-
; deemahle at the pleasure of the United States ?"
Mr, LETCHER. That is part of the section.
|i Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, i ask my friend
i from Vnginn. if he supposes that the President
J of the United States is tiie " United States?"
| Mr. LETCHER. J do not suppose so.
Mr. LA VIS, of Maryland. Otherwise, I sup-
|' pose, we have to make the appropriation.
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose that, under the
|; provisions of this law, whenever there is a surplus
|' fund in the Treasury, the President or Secretary
jj of the Treasury can apply such fund to the re-
!' dereption of these certificates of stock without any
1' additional action by Congress. That seems to me
to follow necessarily, from the language of the bill.
Suppose—as was the case a few years ago—there
should be a surplus of twenty or thirty million
dollars in theTieasury, and that these certificates
of stock were outstanding: would not the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be allowed, under existing
law, to apply tl.is surplus money to the discharge
of the obligations assumed by the Government by
virtue of this act and of this particular section ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is a point of order
pending, and the previous question; and debate
!s not m order.
Mr. LETCHER. I will make a remark right
here, in connection with what was said by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Burlin-
game,] a few minutes ago, about Mr. Buchanan's
views upon the subject of this bill. If my recol-
lection is not at fault, Mr. Buchanan was a mem-
ber of Mr. Polk's Cabinet at the time he vetoed
the bill, and I suppose must have been consulted
about it, with the other members of his Cabinet,
for an expression of his views upon the subject.
Mr. HUGHES. If a motion to lay the bill
upon the table be in order now, will not that take
precedence of the question of order?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HUGIIES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will make that motion
; Mr. LETCHER. No, sir. I do not want to
| avoid the consideration of the bill by any parlia-
| mentary movement of this kind, if gentlemen
1 will give us a fair chance to consider and amend
i the bill, 1 will vote to send it there, and allow it
J to have a fair consideration by the House,
j Mr. HOUSTON. Without entering into a de-
! bate upon this subject, 1 desire to call the atten-
| tion of the Chair to the 13istiule, which, I think,
i has a bearing upon this subject, it is as follows:
I " No motion or {1105,0.-1! 10:1 t'i a tax or clnir^'- upon the
1 jieojtlc, ^liiill be diteus-ed the d.ij 011 winch it is 1110Jo or
' ollcied; and evny - ncii piopo.ni.m shall leei-ive its first
I dlbcub.-ion in a Committee ot the vviiete House,"
I I am aware that the word "tax" there has
! heretofore been construed, and I think pioperly
construed, to moan sueh a bill, for instance, as a
1 tauif bill, but the word charge" has a broader
signification; and under that word, I think with
' gieat piopiiety, a bill like this, and this particular
! bill, may be included. This bill, Mr. Speaker,
1 is very clearly and very certainly a charge upon
* the people. If we pass this bill it will make a
chaige upon the people to the ex tent of $5,000,000.
It is not, 111 a technical sense, as I have just re-
! marked, a tax; but 1 draw a distinction between
! the word tax and the word charge, as used 111 that
connection. One evidently refers to those bills
which ate brought forwaid in this House for the
purpose of levying a tax upon the imports of the
; country. But the woid " charge," as I have
1 already intimated, is broader in its signification,
1 and includes any of those.bills which, by their
terms, or 111 their consequences and effects upon
the country, impose a charge upon the people.
; Then, sir, I furthermore desire to call the atten-
' tion of the Chair, m connection with the opera-
tion of ihc bill to which my fnend from Virginia
. [Mr. Letcher] has referied, to the eleventh sec-
tion of the bill. That section goes on to determine
j and arrange how the ^3,000,000 shall be disposed
' of; and theie is a pioviso, to the language of
; which I desire especially to call the attention of
• the Chair. It says:
I " PiomJcil. r.rcr. That in case an" alleged holder of
1 anv claim, containplated In tm- act, >hall fail ior any cause
to present the same lot adjudication and adjustment. as is
p'ov isieJ, «=uoh claim •••nail lou'vi inter be deemed
arui taken a  altogether invalid, in who.-e nands boevei the
s une mav he, it being the Hue intent and meaning of this
| act that iho piopcr amount of indemnity lor the damages
hen.in piavided l'orenwiof beconMdesed m the aggregate
to cxceed the amount herein appiopnated. howeyer much
tiie claims tor indemnity in the aggifgate may e.xueeu that
, sum ; ami should the hoard of eomnn-eioneis, under their
| mles and regulations of allowances tind alargei aggregate,
the reduction jiro rata then lequued shall only be conoid-
; ercd as a mode of ascertaining the uue.aniount of damage
, su-tained in each case.1'
'j I have referred to this section for the purpose
; of showing what was the intention of the framers
'• of the bill. They speak of the $5,000,000 as
j being appropriated; and I will say further, that
H under the existing law the Secretary of the Treas-
. | ury has authority at any time to buy m outstand-
ing United States stocks, if by so doing he does
|! not leduee the amount in the Treasury to leas
■ i than $6}000,000.
These, sir, are, in short, my views upon this
