108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
f February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Farruworih.
Ho. of Reps.
purchase, and provided that, north of a certain
degree in the Louisiana purchase, slavery should
not exist.
Mr. JACKSON. If the gentleman will allow
me, the Missouri compromise line did not extend
in its letter through the State of Texas; yet the
spirit of that line was applied in the acquisition
of Texas. The spirit of it was concieved to be
applicable, and the line was run through Texas,
a slave State; and when it was afterwards violated
by the North refusing to run it through Califor-
nia, then, as a matter of course, southern men,
and the Democratic party, doing justice, and sim-
ple justice to the South, insisted that the line
should be abrogated everywhere. That is the
truth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is just what I
was contending for. I was contending that we
had the spirit of Democracy. The spirit of the
Missouri compromise "was the prohibition of sla-
very in the Territories. That was the spiritof it,
and that is all there was of it. The Missouri
compromise was a simple provision that slavery
or involuntary servitude should forever be pro-
hibited in ccrtain Territories. That is the spirit
of the Republican pa'rty to-day. I contend that
the ancient Democracy has been violated hyMp
latter-day professors, and that it has gone to tne
Republicans.
Mr. JACKSON. Just there, I wish to state
that the Missouri compromise was a division of
territory, giving to the South all below that line,
and the North all above that territory. That line
was run through Texas, a sovereign State, a
State that had won her own sovereignty by the
sword. Yet, sir, the gentleman and his party
have repudiated that line as to California. Then
did the Democracy, the true Democracy—not the
spurious Democracy of the gentleman—that De-
mocracy which is indestructible, which lives in
the hejkrt of the people—that Democracy, prop-
erly, I think, abrogated that compromise as to
Nebraska and Kansas, and the other Territories.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. California was terri-
tory subsequently acquired from Mexico. It was
settled up by our own people. They had no ter-
ritorial government there at all, but they formed
a State constitution and asked for admission as a
free State. Yet that is what the gentleman calls
violating the Missouri compromise. California
was never subject to a territorial government. A
State constitution was framed by her people with-
out an enabling act. They came here and asked
for admission as a free State. There is certainly
no violation of Democracy in that. 1 would ask
the gentleman if he thinks there was?
Mr. JACKSON. Efforts were made, and the
gentleman knows it—the gentleman is attempting
to dodge the issue—efforts were made time and
again to form a territorial government for Cali-
fornia. Wc all know that fact who are familiar
with the history of the country. Because of these
miserable sectional divisions which the gentle- '
man and his party have fostered, California re-
mained in an unorganized condition. Because
the compromise was refused to be applied in its
spint to California, no territorial government was
formed for her. The South could not give up
everything. A good many men in the North
were willing to stand by the South. The conse-
quence was, that a State government was precip-
itated upon California. She was brought into the
Union on a series of compromise measures,which
the gentleman knows all about as well as I do,
embracing territorial governments for New Mex-
ico and Utah.
I say that there was here a violation of the
spiut of the Missouri compromise, and a viola-
tion of the true spirit of equal rights, which is the
spiritof Democracy. What is Democracy ? Noth-
ing in this world but equal lights to all sections
and all citizens. That is what 1 understand by
Democracy. California was acquired by ourcom-
mon blood and common treasure; and a regard to
equal rights dictated that the Missouri line should
be run through it. We would have got but a
small part of n. The South would have got the
lion's shaie. 1 say, then, that after that line was
repudiatedjn the settlement, or after the refusal
to settle, it the gentleman prefers the lan^ua^e 
after the refusal to give California a territorial
Government, the South considered the Missouri
compromise line abrogated, and insisted upon
equality everywhere, as well North as South.
When the South demanded that, it demanded
nothing but equal rights, and what every Demo-
crat, standing upon equal rights, was willing to
give her; but not such Democrats as the gen-
tleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that there was a violation of the
Missouri compromise in making California a free
State; and that the South, therefore, insisted upon
its abrogation as to all the other Territories. But,
does not the gentleman know, that among the
compromise measures of 1850, one of which was
the admission of California as a free State, was a
reenactment of that very Missouri compromise ?
Mr. JACKSON. Where?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In the omnibus bill,
which admitted California as a free State and pro-
vided territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, was a provision also fixing the boundary
of Texas. The second article, I think, of the joint
resolution annexing Texas, declared, that in any
States formed out of her territory, north of 36°
30', slavery should forever be prohibited. The
compromise measures of 1850 recognized that ar-
ticle in express terms, and continued it in force.
Thus, Congress deliberately affirmed and ex-
tended the Missouri compromise line to the State
of Texas after California had formed her State
constitution.
Enough, however, on that point. It is not
worth while to go over the history of that com-
promise at this time. I propose briefly to give,
Mr. Chairman, the reasons for the vote I shall
give on the admission of Oregon as a State into
this Union. It has been argued here to-day that
the constitution of Oregon is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States, because it pro-
vides for alien suffrage. I shall not oppose the
admission of Oregon on that ground. Irue it is,
that no State can naturalize foreigners, and that
the only power for the naturalization of such per-
sons is in the Congress of the United States. The
constitution of Oregon permits persons to vote
who are bona Jide residents, and who have de-
clared their intention to become citizens. Is that
a violation of the Constitution of the United States?
I think not. Suffrage, m my judgment, is not
the test of citizenship. To vote is not to be a
citizen of the United States. They are different
and distinct things. "We have many citizens of
the United States who are not voters. Females
are citizens, but they are not allowed to vote.
Minors are citizens; they are protected by the
courts, they are allowed to sue in the Federal
courts as citizens of the United States; hut yet
they cannot vote. Citizenship does not, therefore,
necessarily carry with it the right of suffrage. 1
think that the rule operates also in the other way:
that to be a voter it is not necessary to be a citi-
zen. Each State may, if it sees fit, allow any
persons to exercise the right of suffrage. It is not
a question for Congress to determine, who shall
or who shall not vote m any State m the Union.
I therefore look on that as no infraction of the
Constitution of the United States. If a new State
sees fit to allow aliens who have become bono Jide
j residents of that State to vote for their officers, it
j is none of my business, and I should not lor that
I reason vote against the admission of Oregon into
: the Union.
| But, sir, there are two reasons why I oppose
j the admission of this State with this constitution,
j I think that, m another particular, the constnu-
j tion of Oregon does violate the Constitution of
j the United States. The Constitution of the United
| States provides that the citizens of each State
j shall be entitled to all the immunities and priv-
: lieges of citizens of the several States. In the
| preamble of the Constitution it is declared that
| the Constitution is made to establish justice; to
1 promote the general welfare and secure the bless-
' ings of liberty to the people. The constitution
j of Oregon provides as follows:
I " Xo iiee negro or mulatto, not residing in this Stale at
i the nine of the adoption ot tinb constitution, shall ever couie,
• re-ide, or be within this State, or hold any real estate} or
make any contract, or maintain any suit therein; and the
Legislative A*$.einbly faliali provide by penal laws for the re-
moval, bv public offirer*,of all such free negroes and mulat-
tos, and lor their effectual exeliiMon from the State, and
for the punishment of persons who shall bring them into
the State, or employ or harbor thein iTiertJln,**
Now, sir, that is substantially denying to a por-
tion of the people of the United States the right
to life and liberty and property within the pro-
posed State of Oregon.
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman allow me to
inquire whether the people of Oregon, in making
a constitution, have not the right to exclude frea
negroes ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think not.
Mr. LANE. May I ask whether the constitu-
tion of Illinois excludes free negroes ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not practically; but
by a provision of her constitution she does.
Mr. LANE. And howcan the gentleman say
that the State of Oregon will practically exclude
free negroes, although by a provision of her con-
stitution she may?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know whether
she would practically exclude them or not; but I
suppose that provision was put in her constitu-
tion for the purpose of practically excluding them.
Mr. LANE. And so was, I suppose, the pro-
vision in the Illinois constitution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I voted against that
proposition in Illinois, as I will vote against it
now in Oregon. I believe that, in the rase of Il-
linois, it is an infraction of the Constitution of
the United States, and it is no less so in the case
of Oregon. But in Illinois they are not excluded
from the protection of the courts; by this consti-
tution they are.
Mr. LANE. It was the intention of the fram-
ers of the constitution of Oregon, to prohibit free
negroes the right of residence there. If we live
up to that principle, how can free negroes get there
to institute a suit in court? Besides, if this pro-
vision conflicts with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, will it not be a nullity, and would not
a court of the United States so decide it? If free
negroes cannot commence suit in the State courts
of Oregon, that does not prevent their doing so in
the Federal courts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Dred Scott de-
cision managed that.
Mr. LANE. Well, sir, the Dred Scott decision
commends itself to my judgment,
Mr. FARNSWORTH."I suppose so. I have
no doubt that this provision was put into the con-
stitution of Oregon for a purpose. I take the con-
stitution to mean what it says.
Mr. LANE. I desire to ask the gentleman this
one more question: whether he desires that the
people of Oregon should submit to negro equality,
and whether he would interfere with the people
of Oregon in making an organic law under which
they are to live?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman (in Yankee fashion) what he means
by negro equality?
Mr. LANE. I mean allowing the negro the
privilege of citizenship, the right of voting, the
right of holding office, the right of serving on
juries, pnd all nthcr rights that white men enjoy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will discuss all these
questions. The constitution of Oregon forbids,
as 1 have already said, the coloretf man living
in, suing in the courts of, holding property, or
making any contract, m Oregon.
Now, the gentleman says, how can the mulatto
or negro, if he cannot have a residence in Oregon,
have occasion to bring a sun there? lean nut
such a case. A great many people leave the
eastern and other States and go into the new
States and Territories, leaving dehis behind them.
There are colored men m New England who do
business, who own property, and make contracts.
White men do get into debt to them sometimes,
and do go off into the new Territories. By the
terms of this constitution the poor, unlucky ne-
gro, should he happen to become the creditor of
some man who goes to Oregon, is debarred the
poor privilege of entering a suit in the courts of
Oregon, to recover that debt. Now, that looks
like injustice. It looks to me like an unjust and
invidious "respecting of persons," to allow white
men to come m there and live, owing money to
free negroes outside the State, and not permit
those negroes to bring suit theie for the recovery
of those debts.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will ask him again, whether he would allow
negroes in Oregon the same rights and privileges
