1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
109
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
as white men? I tell my friend from Illinois, that
no white man who owes a negro will go to Ore-
gon to live; if he does, and it is discovered that
he does owe a negro, he will be required to pay
him, or he will not remain in the good graces of
his neighbors,
Mr.-FARNSWORTH. As far as I am con-
cerned, I prefer not to trust it to a matter of
grace.
Mr. LANE. Well,sir, I desire to know how
far the gentleman would go on the subject of ne-
gro equality? Would he give them the right of
citizenship, the right of voting, or the right to sit
on juries? Would the gentleman like to risk the
rights of Ins family, the rights of his wife and
children, in the hands of a negro jury?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I asked the gentleman
a moment ago what he meant by negro equality?
He says the right of citizenship, the right-to vote,
and the right to sit on juries. Well, sir, these are
political rights, in reference to which I care not
what the people of Oregon may determine. They
have the right to make such restrictions in these
respects as (buy choose. The point 1 make here
is alone in regard to the provisions of this con-
stitution, to see that they do not violate the Con-
stitution of the United States. By permitting or
refusing any class of individuals the right of suf-
frage, they do no more than it is their right to do.
They may permit or refuse aliens or'blacks to
vote, and it is 110 infraction of the Constitution;
but when they strike at legal equality, at the
right to be protected by courts of justice, it is
striking at a right guarantied by the Constitution
of the United States. The gentleman will find no
precedent m the constitution of Illinois for that.
We permit every man to sue m and to enjoy the
protection of the couits of justice of our State.
How, iij God's name, are you going to permit
these men to live at all, if you deny them the right
to come into your State, the right to make any
contract, the right to buy bread on which to live,
and the right to collect any debt due them by any
person ? You might as well deny them life alto-
gether.
Mr. LANE. We have no negroes in Oregon,
and we want no negroes there. We have said ill
our constitution that we will not allow slavery
there, and we have said that we want no free ne-
groes to live there. When this clause of the con-
stitution was submitted to the people,nine out of
every ten voted to exclude slavery. This is a
constitution of their own making, approved al-
most unanimously by the people of that Terri-
tory. JNTow, will you interfere with their rights,
will you insiSft on tjivmg the pnvilegu to free ne-
groes to ;;o end leside theie, when wo do not want
them? We have none theie; and 1 ask the gentle-
man, in all conscience and in ail fairness, not to
compcl us to permit a population to conn1 amongst
us that we do not want; a population uInch, as lar
as we have hail anything to do with, has already
caustd us much trouble; a population which has
aheadycost this Government much expense, and
which has cost the sacrifice of the lues of many
white men in Oregon; for the negroes there have
gone amongst the Indians, and have instigated
tumble and hostility. If there bad been a more
considerable free negro population among us than
there was, it is not at all certain that our whole
white settlements woeM not have been cut oil.
Then, with these facts before us, does the gentle-
man want to compel us to submit to a policy
winch would lay our whole country in mms.
Mt. FARNSWORTH. I was going on to dis-
cuss the question propounded by the gentleman
I'roni Oregon a.n to whether I would nquire the
people of that Territory or State to peirmt negio
t quality, end to discuss the definition which the
nejitltman gave of negro equality. As 1 said be-
ioie, m reference to the rignt of suffrage, and m
let'erenee to o I her political rights, I leave the people
ot'Oiegon to determine who shall sit upon juries;
I leave them to determine who shall be allowed
to vote, if they choose to allow women and
minors to sit upon their juries, I shall not com-
plain; that is a matter for their own determination
in which it is not tor us to inteitere. I3ut what I
do complain of, is that they have debarred one
set of men from the right which they hold under
the Constitution^ the United States of protec-
tion in the courts. I cannot better define a citi-
zen of the United States than by saying he is onc
who is entitled to the protection of the courts;
that i^what I mean by citizenship. I heard the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] this after-
noon in the House discussing this question. He
read an extract from the New York Tribune,
from which he inferred that the Republican party
were in favor of negro equality, and by negro
equality, I judged from the tenor of his remarks,
that he meant 'social equality,and the equality of
political rights and franchises. If .he meant that,
ho is totally mistaken, so far as I am concerned,
and totally mistaken, so far as all the Republicans
with whom I am acquainted are concerned.
The gentleman asks if I would require the peo-
ple of Oregon to allow colored men to live there?
I require the people of Oregon to protect every
man who has committed no crime, in his person,
his property, and his life. I require the people of
Oregon not to violate that right in the constitu-
tion which they bring here and ask me to ap-
prove !iy my vote.
Mr. LANE. How can the negro want these
rights when we do not allow him to go there at
all? I say to the gentleman, in reply to his re-
quirement, that the negro shall be protected in
liis person and in his life; that if a free negro
passing through tha| country should be robbed
or murdered by a white man, the State would be-
come the prosecutor, and they would take him up
and hang him as quick as they would if he had
robbed or murdered a white man; but he would
be prosecuted not by the negro, but by the State j
of Oregon, for a violation of the law. !
Mr. 'FARNSWORTH. Bat if lie was not pro- ,
tected voluntarily by the officers of the State, what. !
remedy would the negro have ? Should he be I
maimed, beaten, bruised, and wounded, and ;
thereby deprived of the ability and capacity to j
labor and earn a living, he would have no rem-
edy. Under this constitution, he could bung no
suit for his damages.
Mr. LANE. It' he is not thereat all, how could
such a thing happen ? We do not want him there.
Afr. MAYNARD. Under the constitution of
Oregon, could a free negro sue in the courts there
through his next friend, as slaves do?
Mr. LANE. No doubt aboutthatatall. He
could.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That, is a strange con-
clusion. 11 is provided that no free negro or mu-
latto shall maintain any suit therein. The gentle-
man says that he may bring suit by his next
friend. How can he bring a suit by his pinchdn
ami ? lie is the real party, and the other only a !
nominal one. If you are going to allow a negro
to sue by his next friend, why not let him sue for
himself directly ? Is that what is meant by this
constitution? I wish to know whether the gen-
tleman, on consideration, does mean that, under
that constitution, a free ne ro cannot bring suit in
his own name, but may do.so by his next friend ?
Mr. LANS. If the gentleman piesents the case
lie did a while ago, of a man coming to Oregon
from Now England, where negroes enjoy citizen-
ship, then I say that that poison may bring a suit
through a third person to recover the debt due
him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Suppose .a colored
man passing tin ough Oregon is taken and en-
slaved, how can he bring suit fur his freedom ?
Mr. LANF<. He cannot be so taken. We
prohibit slavery, and it docs not exist there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What kind of suit
| ran he bring? How can you tiy the question '•
' The fiee negro could not have the right of writ of
I habeas corpus, because the constitution says that
1 he shall nut maintain a suit. How, then, are you
i going to try the qu"simn ui.derth.it constitution,
! whether he is a ,-.iave*or not r Suppose I hold
Tom as my nrgro, I whip him, make him work,
! and lie appeals to the 'ourt'j to try the case as he-
j twetli lina and myself; the judge will refer lain
to the constitution of Oregon, winch says tlnu no
negro or mulatto shall maintain any suit therein;
the negro is turned out of eouri; and ho\v is the
question to be decided? "Why, sir, unless you
, j admit this man to the courts, and allow him to hi-
ll vokc their aid and protection, your prohibiting
h slavery amounts to nothing
I come to the question propounded to me by
the gentleman, whether I am in favor of p'egrp
equality. I am in favor of that kind ofequafity
under the Constitution which permits every man ,
w.otnan, and child, who has committed no crnrfe;"
to invoke the aid and protection of a court* of jus-
tice for their property, their persons, and'their'
lives. If the gentleman asks me whether I am'
in favor of negroes voting, I will tell him that that
is a question for his State to determine. If he asks
me whether I am in favor of negroes intermarry-
ing with whites, I answer that is a question of
taste. I am not in'favor of marrying them, nor
are my friends; and if the gentleman is afraid of
that, 1 am willing to vote him a prohibitory en-
actment to restrain them. [Laughter.] Whatis
the use of continually harping upon the subject
of negro equality ? is he not low enough now,
that you must legislate him lower for fear that
you will be considered upon the same plane with
him ? I think that I am a little above the negro,
and that there is no necessity for my legislating
him down any further. There is a distinction
already existing between him and myself. I am
not afraid the people will think us equal.
Tn some States colored persons are permitted
to vote. Of that tho States are judges. I am
not aware they have suffered any great inconve-
nience from negro suffrage. Negroes used to vote
in Tennessee and in North Carolina. The Hon.
Cave Johnson, when a member of this House,
stated, perhaps not publicly, that he was indebted
for his first election to the votes of free negroes.
When the Constitution of the United States was
framed, five of tho States permitted negro suf-
frage. They voted under the old Articles of Con-
federation. If you take suffrage as a test of citi-
zenship, then a free negro voter of Massachusetts
can go to Oregon and claim all the rights and im-
munities that he enjoyed at home. When the
State of. Missouri applied to be admitted, there
was a provision in her constitution that the Legis-
lature should pass laws restraining the emigra-
tion of free people of color to that State. Objec-
tion was made to the admission of that State
under that constitution, and she was not admitted
until a provision was incorporated into the reso-
lutions admitting her, that her admission should
be " upon this iundamental, condition, that that
constitution should not be so construed as to pre-
vent the citizens of other States enjoying the rights
and privileges of citizens of that State." That
was in 1891. In that day, these free people of
color weie regaided as citizens, and therefore it
was required that Missouri should, by an act or
resolution of her Legislature, put herself right on
this, constitutional question, by declaring what
the construction of this article ought to be.
I have in my possession, Mr. Chairman, the
copy of a passport given by James Monroe, while
Minister to Great" Britain, to a slave of John
Randolph,Nby the ngpae of Essex White; de-
scribing "him as a citizen of tlie United States.
James Monroe was a slaveholder, a citizen of
Vuginia, and it may be supposed that he knew
something about the Constitution of the United
States, and what it meant. He had no qualms
about negro equality, hut gave this regular pass*
port, not only to a colored man, but to a slave,
as a citizen of the United States.
Sir, when you deprive a man of that which sus-
tains life, of the right to live on the soil, to make
a contract, to sue ill the courts of justice; what is
that but depriving him of the right to life, liberty,
i and property > It is nothing else. I am opposed
to the admission of Oregon, with a constitution
; containing a provision of this kind. I will not,
i by my vote, approve of such a constitution,
i I ain aha opposed to the admission of Oregon
| on this application, so long as that provision shall
remain on the statute-book, unrepealed, which re-
i quires that before Kansas shall be admitted, it
shall be ascertained by a census, regularly and
legally taken, that she has a population ouiliciciit
> for a Representative in Congie&s.
i >a\ FOSTLIt. I wish to a.-k the gentleman
! what luis b^en the custom in this country, down
: to the Drod Scott decision, in reference to the
| rights of free negroes, as to suits?
I j noticed, when that decision was made, one of
i the New Orleans papers stated that the free ne-
