1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Royce.
Ho. of Reps.
acquisition of cuba.
SPEECH OF HON. H. E. ROYCE,
OP VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ROYCE said:
Mr. Chairman: The President, in his late an-
nual message has called the attention of Congress
to the relations of this Government with Spain;
and has recommended a course of policy to be
pursued,with reference to thatGovernment,which
ib remarkable in its character and momentous in
its consequences upon the interests of this coun-
try. The policy which the President recommends
looks to the acquisition of the Island of Cuba, a
dependency of Spain, and of which she has been
in almost uninterrupted possession since its dis-
covery by Columbus. The acquisition of Cuba
has been regarded as desirable and important by
very many of the public men of the country. Its
commercial importance, and its geographical po-
sition are such that its acquisition under certain
circumstances would, no doubt, be desirable. But
while I admit this, I deny that the facts and rea-
sons set forth in the message of the President
warrant the conclusions to which he has arrived,
or will justify Congress in adopting the extraor-
dinary course which ho has recommended, in
making an appropriation in money to be used by
him in the negotiation with Spain for the purchase
of Cuba, in advance of any action on the part of
the Senate, in whom the Constitution has wisely
vested the power to ratify and confirm all treaties
which may be made by the President.
The terms upon which the President proposes
to acquire Cuba, are by honorable negotiation;
and he is careful to say that we would not, if we
could, acquire it in any other manner; with the
important qualification, however, added, that cir-
cumstances may occur which will justify its ac-
quisition in some other manner—under the imper-
ative and overruling law of self-preservation.
The terms of honorable negotiation, by which the
President proposes to acquire Cuba, forbid the
supposition that the causes of complaint against
the Spanish Government, which he has made so
prominent in his message, am designed to influ-
ence the question, except to illustrate the import-
ance of its acquisition to the peace and prosperity
of the country.
The first complaint made is, that Spanish offi-
cials, under tlfe direct control of the Captain Gen-
eral of Cuba, have insulted our national flag, and,
in repeated instances, have, from time to time, in-
flicted injuries on the persons and property of our
citizens. This is a grave charge, and, if true, it
seems to me that the President would better dis-
charge his duty to the country, after the failure
of all honorable attempts to obtain satisfaction,
to lay the whole subject before Congress, with
such fact? and evidence as would aid intelligent
action, and ask for such legislation as a proper
regard for the national honor, and the protection
of our citizens, may demand.
Mr. Chairman, I have no justification to offer
for Spain on account of these charges. I believe,
sir, I would go as fUr as any one in defense of
our national honor, and the protection of our cit-
izens. But, sir, when we remember that, wi.thin
the past few years, expeditions have been set on
foot in this country, in violation of our treaty
obligations with Spain, in violation of interna-
tional law, and in violation of our own laws, to
subjugate and conquerCuba, justice, to ourselves
and to the enlightened sentiments of the civilized
world, requires that these charges should be fully
and fairly investigated, before any legislation is
predicated upon them, involving the country in
pecuniary obligations or in war. In speaking of
our claims against Spain, the President says that
one class, the Cuban claims, have been admitted,
but not paid; and it would seem that there are
others; but the President has not given any in-
formation to Congress of their nature or amount.
He also says, that the mission to Spain 1ms been
intrusted to a distinguished citizen of Kentucky,
who will make another, and a final attempt, to ob-
tain justice from that Government. I infer from
the language of the message that no peremptory
demand has yet been made upon the Spanish Gov-
ernment. When such a demand shall have been
made and refused, it will be time for Congress to
consider what further measures are required for
the protection of the national honor and the en-
forcement of private rights.
^The fact mentioned in the message in connection
with these claims of the oft-recurring changes in
the Spanish ministry is, no doubt, unfortunate to
private claimants in this country upon that Gov-
ernment; and is, probably, equally unfortunate to
Spanish subjects; and although we may well re-
gret this vacilating policy in that Government, or
any other, I see no way in which our Government
can interfere to prevent it. Another cause of com-
plaint which the President makes is, "the want
of authority" on the part of the Captain General
of Cuba to examine and redress wrongs com-
mitted by officials under his control on citizens
of the United States. The Spanish laws have
never conferred this authority upon the Captain
General; and all the intercourse of our citizens
with Spanish subjects in Cuba is presumed to
have been had with a full knowledge of the laws
regulating that intercourse;- and while it may be
inconvenient for our citizens to be compelled to
go to Madrid to seek redress, there may be good,
and sufficient reasons why Spain should retain
the right to pass upon all those questions affecting
the revenue, or property of the State, rather than
intrust this power to a subordinate officer. The
Spanish Minister of State (Don Calderon Col-
lontes) in his message of the 4th of January last,
in speaking of this portion of the President's njes-
sage, says:
" But the demand is made that the Captain General of
Cuba should have power to administer the government of
that country, and to act in all question which may ari-*e. I
do not sue upon what a demand so important can be founded.
There has never been a conflict which could not be settled
m the best way by her Majesty's Government, and that in
a short time. Communications wjth those countries are
now frequent, so much so that the Tampico leparation, of
which I spoke just now, was made on the l?t of December
of last year, and her Majesty's Government leceived the
acknowledgment during the month.
" This shows, then, how much delay occurs in the com-
munication of the pennons of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to her Majesty's Government, and how much
time will be necessary to return the answer which the Gov-
ernment may decide upon. I3ut whether the time which
these communications require be long or short, the Crown
of Spain cannot be deprived of the prerogatives which be-
long to ir. The direction of the foreign relations, the de-
termination of all international conflicts, whatever may be
their nature, belongs exclusively to the Crown; the exer-
cise of thispreiogauvc cannot be delegated; it would be an
abdication which the legitimately-constituted public poweis
could nottoleiate. The Spamr-h Government will, there-
fore, resist any indication whatever which maybe made in
this direction: and beforehand it takes the oppoitunity to
declare that the Captain General of Cuba will continue to
exercise the powers which belong to him at present, and
that they will leceive no extension, because the laws do
not allow it, the public poweis would not authorize, it and
it would not be consistent with the dignity of the Crown.
e• And so it is seen, consequently, that, with respect to
the three points which have occupied the public attention,
and which necessarily have occupied the attention of all,
the Spanish Government is in a tranquil position, firm and
advantageous. As to our relations, there has been nothing
which can disturb them; and as to the alienation ol Cuba,
it h a delusion into which none can fall who are acquainted
with Spam and have penetrated into the feelings and into
the character of our country; and a  to the powers of the
Captain General of Cuba, there h no motive, cither of con-
venience or expediency, for enlarging them. The Spanish
Government is the only judge ot the expediency of any
measure ot interior administration, and this is of that char-
acter "
If would seem as if this answer ought to be
conclusive in the mind of the President against
the justice or propriety of this demand. The
same embarrassments exist in our intercourse
with the colonies and dependencies of other Gov-
ernments. It is a subject with which this Gov-
ernment hss no right to interfere, and has no just
cause of complaint, as^png as treaty obligations
are faithfully observt'C^^.mi we are placed on the
same footing with the most favored nations of the
earth.
The President says, further, that " Cuba, in its
existing colonial condition, is a constant source
ofinjury and annoyance to the American people."
This expression of the President is .susceptible of
different constructions, and it is doubtful in what
sense he wishes to be understood. If it is in-
jurious and annoying to maintain a prosperous
and increasing commerce with that island, and to
exchange the productions and manufactures „
our country for those ofCuba, thseh the Bresijlent
is right in saying that its present conditional in-
jurious and annoying to the AmencanpeOple.;
But, I hardly think that the President has ex-
pressed the true sentiment of the American; people
to whom he refers. I know the possessipa of
that isjand, by the Spanish Government, :i3,-.a-
source of annoyonce to a portion, and I behcve'it
to be a small portion, of our people. Bu-t the firs-,
noyance does not arise from any direct, material
injury to themselves, or to any American lrfteft-
ests. It arises rather from a.covetous spirit-of
envy. They are annoyed that that beautifuLisl,-
and should be in the possession of any other
Power, or of anybody else but themselves.. Be-
lieving, as I do, that this is the sum .total of the
injury and annoyance which the Spanish posses;-
sion of that island entails upon our people, it-has
struck me with surprise that the President should
have made it a subject of comment, or of remark
even, in his message to Congress. ;
Another reason assigned by the President for
the acquisition of Cuba, is the happy effect which
he anticipates from it in the suppression of the
African slave trade. This is an argument which
addresses itself to the moral sense of the country ;
and if the facts warrant the belief which the Pres-
ident has expressed, it will be regarded as an im-
portant, and with some, perhaps, as a conclusive
reason why we should secure its acquisition. If
the President can devise any means by which this
disgraceful traffic in human souls can be forever
abolished, he will not want for support in enabling
him to apply them. But I insist, Mr. Chairman,
that he has fallen into a grave error in supposing
that the acquisition of Cuba will accomplish any
such result. He says that we are bound by treaty
with Great Britain to maintain a naval force on
the coast of Africa, at much expense, both of life
^nd treasure, solely for the purpose of arresting
slavers bound to that island. The treaty which
was concluded between this country and frreat
Britain on the 9th day of August, 1842, and to
which the President refers, makes no mention of
Cuba, and does not appear to have been made
with special reference to any country. It language
is plain and explicit, and is clearly applicable to
the slave trade everywhere. It is notconfined to
Cuba; and it is as much obligatory upon this Gov-
ernment to cooperate with Gj-eat Britain, under
that treaty, in preventing the slave trade to this
country, as to Cuba.
But the President, no doubt, bases this conclu-
sion, upon the fact stated by him, that Cuba is
the only spot in the civilized world where the
African slave trade is tolerated. The President
cannot mean to be understood that there is any
legal toleration for this trade in Cuba, for the
slave trade is declared to be illegal by the Spanish
laws in force in Cuba, and is in violation of treaty
obligations of Spain with Great Britain, pie
must mean that it is ^Irmitted or suffered; that
parties engaged in this trade escape punishment
in Cuba. If this was true at the date of the mes-
sage, it is not true now; for since that time we
have had conclusive evidence that the slave trad-e,
about which the President expresses so much just
abhorrence, is tolerated, in the sense in which the
President must have used that term, in this coun-
try. I allude to the late importation of a cargo
of slaves into the State of Georgia. And it is
only a few days since I saw a notice in one of
the newspapers that two more vessels, laden with
slaves, were lying off the coast of Georgia or Flor-
ida, waiting a favorable opportunity to land their
cargoes upon our soil. And, sir, when our squad-
ron shall be withdrawn from the African coast,
and all British interference with the slave trade
I shall cease, and the fact is published to the world
i that southern juries refuse to convict parties en-
il gaged in it, the trade will be carried on to this
|! country iust as long as it is found to be profita-
ble; and in view of this fact, and that some
friends of the Administration upon this floor have
so strenuously opposed the small appropriation
recommended by the President to educate and
maintain, for a brief period of ti-me, the crew of
the slaver Echo, lately transported to Liberia,
the President might well des.pairof the Christian-
ization and civilization of benighted Africa.
One argument used by those friendly to the
