1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQQE.
11?
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hoycet
Ho, of Reps.
competent for any such emergency, but it would
be dangerous and unwise, in my judgment, to
thrust any such responsibility upon it; and a
precedent of this character is dangerous to the
constitutional liberties of the country. It is vir-
tually divesting the Senate of its constitutional
rights, and conferring- them upon the Executive,
and political majorities in both branches of Con-
gress.
If we have the constitutional right to appro-
priate the sum named in this bill for this purpose,
we have the same right, in the same manner, to
appropriate the whole amount required to com-
plete the payment. And if the President is able
to conclude a treaty, and to pay the full amount
required, and the sovereignty of the island is
transferred, and the President, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, takes military possession of it, what more
is required to constitute Cuba a part of this Union ?
If anything more is needed, you have only to re-
cognize it by some ordinary act of legislation,
•such as extending the United States laws applica-
ble to Territories over it, and the work is accom-
plished, without the exercise of the treaty-making
power of the Senate; and in spite of the constitu-
tional majority required to ratify a treaty. And
when an application is made to organize a terri-
torial government for Cuba, this question, too,
will be determined by a majority vote; and when
she comes to Congress with an application for
admission into the Union as a State, the question
must be determined by a majority vote; and if a
majority of the House and Senate vote for her
admission, and the Executive approves their ac-
tion, we shall have a sovereign State admitted
into the Confederacy, formed out of territory
-acquired from a foreign Government under a con-
tract made by the President, without the Senate
ever having ratified that contract by a constitu-
tional majority.
If this power which is proposed to be conferred
upon the President is thus liable to abuse, is it not
dangerous and inexpedient to confcr it ? Neither
of the examples instanced by the President, and
which, he says, encourage him to make this sug-
gestion, can be fairly treated as precedents to guide
bis or our action in this instance. The act passed
26th February, 1803, entitled "An act making
further provision for the expenses attending the
intercourse between the United States and foreign
nations," and which, the report of the committee
says, was to enable Mr. Jefferson to negotiate a
treaty for Louisiana, provided:
w That a sum of $2,000,000, in addition to the provision
heretofore made, is hereby appropi mted tbi tiie purpose of
defraying any cxtraordinaiy expenses vviucU may be in-
cut red in the liiteicouise between lite United State® and
foreign nations, to be paid out of any money nt the Treas-
ury nut otherwise appropriated, and to be paid under titc
dnection of the President of the Untied States, who shall
cau&e an account of the expenditure theieoi to be laid he-
toie Congress as soon ad may be.,}— W. 5. Stutvtes at Large,
volume 2, page 20:2.
Although history may prove that the real ob-
ject of this appropriation was to eriabie Mr. Jef-
ferson to negotiate a treaty for the purchase of
Louisiana, yet the act furnishes no such evidence,
and seems to have been purposely framed to con-
ceal it, and is, clearly, not open to the objection
I make to this. There is nothing said in it about
a treaty; and it confers no authority upon the
President to apply the money upon a treaty be-
fore its ratification by the Senate; and is applica-
ble to all nations with whom we had intei course.
And the fact that no portion of the money was
used in payment of the amount asrecd to be paid
by the treaty of 30th April, 1803, for the pur-
chase of Louisiana, goes far to prove that Mr.
Jefferson did not understand that he had any
right to apply the money to that purpose.
But if this act wiii bear the construction which
the committee seem to have put upon it, some
justification may be made for it from the history
of the times. Louisiana had become an absolute
necessity to the enjoyment of our possessions in
the valley of the Mississippi and its tnbutaiies.
Europe was in a state of war. Nations were
leagued together against Napoleon Bonaparte;
and he held the consulate of France by an un-
certain and doubtful tenure. Mr. Jeffeison saw
that that was the time, and perhaps the only
time, to negotiate a treaty. And if there has ever
New Sebjes—No. 8.
been a time in our history when Congress could
be justified in the exercise of a doubtful consti-
tutional power, that was the time. But there can
be no pretense that the existing state of things
in Europe and in this country calls.for th& exer-
cise of any such doubtful powers in legislation.
The world is at peace; and Spain,.once the proud
sovereign of a large portion of this continent, is,
to-day, better able to defend what little she has
left from foreign invasion and frojn domestic dis-
sensions than she has been before for a century.
No threats are made by any other nation but this
against her independence and integrity; and no
danger is apprehended that she is to transfer
Cuba to any other nation; and, if left free from
the meddlesome interference of other nations,
there is good reason to expect that she may soon
exhibit that permanency and stability in her Gov-
ernment which the President thinks is so import-
ant to the protection of American interests.
The act passed March 3, 1847, and entitled
" An act making further appropriations to bring
the existing war with Mexico to a speedy and
honorable conclusion," recites, that war then ex-
isted between the Republic of Mexico and the
United States, and expressed a desire to see that
war speedily terminated, and the fact that the
President might be able to conclude a treaty of
peace before the next session of Congress; and
made an appropriation of $3,000,000 to enable the
President to conclude a treaty of peace, limits,
and boundaries, with Mexico, and gave the Pres-
ident the same right to use the money as is pro-
posed to be conferred by this act. (United States
Statutes at Large, volume 9, page 174.) The act
contains the evidence that we were in a state of
war with the party with whom the treaty referred
to in the act was to be made; and the object of this
appropriation seems to have been to enable the
President to conclude that war; and the only jus-
tification which can be made for it is based upon
the necessities which war creates. The act was •
passed just at the close of a session of Congress,
and there were strong and urgent reasons for its
passage.
But there were very many who thought it would
be better that public and private interests should
suffer for a time, and even that the war which
they were so anxious to bring to a speedy term-
ination should be prolonged until the President
could convene Congress to act upon any treaty
which he might make, than that the Executive
should be clothed with the dangerous power pro-
posed to be conferred upon him by that act, and
which is now used by the President as a prece-
dent, in a time of profound peace. So far, Mr.
Chairman, from the President being sustained by
precedents in this recommendation, I believe that
the whole course of our legislation is in direct op-
position to the course he now recommends us to
pursue.
There is another subject connected with this
bill, which, in my judgment, is deserving of care-
ful consideration; and that is the unlimited power
which itconfeis upon the President in the dis-
position of the money it appropriates. There is
no provision limiting the amount which the au-
thorized agent of this Government may agree to
pay for Cuba; and all that is required to enable
the President to draw the $30,000,000 from the
Treasury is to show that a treaty, including the
cession of Cuba, has been signed by the agents
of the two Governments, and been ratified by
Spain. No matter what the terms of the treaty
may be, the moment it is ratified by Spam the
money is at the absolute disposal of the Presi-
dent. If He applies it upon the treaty, he will, no
doubt, carry out the intention of the friends of the
bill. Rut if the President thinks proper to apply
the money to any other purpose, what legal re-
straint does the bill interpose to prevent it? Sir,
he may employ this.fcnormous sum for political
purposes; in corrupting the elective franchise; in
subserving his own ambitious purposes; and yet
the law is powerless to prevent it.
The proviso to the first section will be found,
on examination, to furnish no protection, because
the full and accurate account of the expenditure
of the money which it requires him to tarnish to
Congress, is only to be fui nished at as early a day
as practicable, leaving the time wholly to the dis-
cretion of the President; and, if the money is mis-
applied, there never will come a practicable day,
in the opinion of the Pre3idcnt,<to furnish his ac-
count.- And, howeveVmu'bh gentlemen-may reljr
upon the integrityof thft"PreWide'nt:,:1et them re-
flect that the legislation of tq^day is to Jnflueiice
the future." • * s • • ' -
Mr/Chairman, it is only k'few^days^'Vift^el
hear_d.it claimed by gentlemen upo.n the-other'sfd^
of the House, that the pre,serVation"of the'pkh-ts
of the section of the.'uhioft nirhifeh' thfey' qgghre*
sented depended upon a strict observance. oT/tfte
laws. Let me admonish these gentlemen5- that',
not only the rights of their section^but *©f'th*a
whole Union must, and will-be, endangered by
this attack upon the constitutional rights^of the
Senate; and, if they would preserve their'righW,
let them rally around the Constitution and-pre-
serve it from those who would pyos'titute cine of
its most important provisions at the bidding',of
"the Executive. ..
But, Mr. Chairman, I have already occupied
too much time in the examination of the Presi-
dent's message and the bill reported by the com-
mittee. A careful examination of the whole Sub-
ject will naturally suggest the inquiry, why is this
subject here ? Why is it that the variable time
of Congress must be occupied with this matter,
to the exclusion of a consideration 6f the import-
ant home interests which are imperatively' de-
manding its attention? Does anyone suppose Ve
can obtain Cuba by negotiation? I'hav'e ndf yfe't
heard any such expression of opinion, here or
elsewhere. But, on the contrary, gentlemen who
are friendly to its acquisition have expressed the
belief, in debating the subject here, that Cuba
could not be acquired by negotiation; and what-
ever opinions may have been entertained upon the
subject, the recent expressions frontf Cjib&'and
Spain ought to be regarded as conclusive upon
the question. And here 1 beg leave to refer again
to the message of the Minister of State tar Spain,
He says, in speaking of the President's message,
that— !
(i The second point, gentlemen, is more grave; it is that
which occupies the attention of all, and which necessarily
excites all hearts. When, after long tribulations, aud im-
mense misfortunes; when, after great losses, a country is
born again into a now and fresh and vigorous existence;
the slightest menace which tends to compromised® dignity
necessarily excites the sentiment of nationality.' <Sp£in is
in this portion to-day. It has been believed that the Span-
ish lion was dead, but it,is not so ;tthe Spanish, lion has
been sleeping; but even sleeping, he has held in litis pawtt
the most precious treasures; and I say,when an attempt is
made to snatch them fiom him; his roar will be terrible. rIf
such a moment come, (the Government has neverhesi-
tated about it,) if a terrible crisis, a supreme day should
come, the Spanish people would arise, like oneJm'an, to de-
fend their honor, and the interests which their ancestors
conquered by their perseverance, their valor, and their ge-
nius, inspired, as if by Divinity itself.
" Since this Ministry has been in existence, there has
not been the shghest indication which referred to the acqui-
sition of the Island of Cuba ; more, I am absolutely confi-
dent that no such indication will be made; and if it is made,
gentlemen—if it is direeted to rue, as Minister of Spam, by
any representative of any foreign Power, I should hasten to
interrupt him a* soon as the words which he should havo
spoken should give me fo understand what his intention
was, and I would tell him what his insinuations *xerccaus~
ing in the minds of all Spaniards.
44 The preservation of the Island ofCubaisfor us no q«es-
tion of interest or expediency. In vain would an attempt
be made to persuade us of the advantages of parting -with
it; and yet, if we were to consider it under this aspect, it
is not piobablc that we should listen to the advances of those
who desire to acquire it.
The Spanish Government will always know how to
appreciate nt their true value the deep interests wbieh are
committed to us charge. The question of the_preseryation
of the Island of Cuba is for Spam no queption.of dignity, no
question of honor. All the interest which it may have, all
the gold which it might heap together, would not be enough
to proem c from Spanish dignity the sacrificeof thisglorio.us
remnant of the precious discoveries, the surprising and
magnificent conquests which our ancestors made through-
out the world.
" The President of the United Slates malces a singular
declaiation: *
This emitse we shall ever pursue, unless circumstances
should occur, which we do not now anticipate, rendering a
departure ftom it cleat ly justifiable, under the imperative
and oven uling law of self preservation.'
No, gentlemen, the inexorable and omnipotent law of
self-preservation of an individual as oi a people has never
demanded the violation of the sterner principles of morals
and of justice. The violation of these principle* 'would b«
a source of alarm and peiturbation to ail the civilized na-
tions. I do not tear that tlieiu i*> any Governmeut>vho will
infi mge them.
But you know, gentlemen, that when perils of this kind
come, when questions of this nature arise, it is always.im-
portant to an individual and a nation to have right and jus-
tice on their side. The Spanish nation will provoke no
struggle, but it will fight it through if it is drawn into one.
