736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to fill it with
ill,000. It is for a cheap kind of survey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That sum will
be inserted.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be the object of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas simply to reserve to these
Indians the lands on which they are living, I con-
cur with him most heartily; but I wish to know
further, whether this amendment will not re-
quire- the appointment of some Indian agents,
some officers?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will say to the Senator
that a bill was drafted to correspond with the
•wishes of the Department, and embodying what
they considered the necessity springing out of
this particular case. That bill did provide for an
agent, and provided for the payment of annual
presents to the amount of $15,000. The commit-
tee thought nothing further was necessary than
a simple reservation of homes to them, and the
expendituie of a few thousand dollars, to comply
with the promises mode by our agents hereto-
fore* but expressly declined to give an agent or
to continue an annual stipend or annuity to them.
I think they deserve this much consideration; and
we have carved down the proposition of the In-
dian Office to the very lowest amount that will
answer the necessity of the case, and the very
lowest measure of justice, I think.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment is
to insert as a new section:
And beit further cnacted> That the President ot the Uni-
ted States be, and ho is hereby, authorized and requited to
set apart the tract or tiaeu ot land aforesaid, as a icseiva*
tion for the confedeiated hands of I'imos and Maucopas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment is
to insert as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of doilais is
hereby appiopnated to enable the Comnnt^ionci oi Indian
Afiaus to make suitable pi events to tin; I'nnos and Man
coprib m acknowledgment of then loyaliv to tin* Cuvciu-
mem,and the many kindnesses heretoiuie rcndeied by them
to our C1U55UI1S.
I am at a loss what amount to propose to fill
the blank. The annual amount of presents lee- \
ommended by the Indian office was $15,000, and '
I would suggest $10,000, which, I thiulc, is a very
fair compromise between the obligations of jus-
tice and the new spirit of economy that seems to
prevail here.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the object is to
make presents to this tribe—which I behove to
be a small one—of agricultural implements. I
think there have been some promises io the tribe
which have not been fulfilled, and which ou^ht
to be fulfilled. I therefore vote very chcejfully
for money enough to make those presents, and 1
supposed it would be but a small mnnunt; it is a
small tribe. They want agricultural implements.
The blank was filled with $10,000; and the
amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment is to
insert, as an additional section: I
And be il fuither enacted, That ff. m adjusting the claims j
of the ha!f-biecd Indiana, under the tenth «utirlr ol the '
tieaty ot Pranie du-Clnen, of' the loth ol July. If30, lying |
within the Nemaha icseivation therm de;?eubed, as mu-
veyed by McCoy, and continued by section thirteen of the
act entitled "An act making appioptiauons for sundry civil
expenses of the Government, Hn the year ending the 30th
ofJune, 1359," appioved June 1-3, there shall be found
a deficiency in the quantity of larnl ncce&saiy to c.iuy out
the intentions! of paid treaty, then theie shall be letamed,
out of the pioeeeds of that poition of the public lands ex-
eluded Horn said reservation as said hall-biceds.' chuin, its
bouudaue-- by the McCoy survey and thctlmtccnth seouun
of the said act of June T2, >o much money as i-hall [
equal that deficiency, estimating the same at .^i 25 per j
acre; which said Mini of money shall be paid to tue Secio- i
tary of the Jnieiior. to be held by him in ttust foi suoh of !
such half-breeds as'shall be found entitled to it; and by :
hun to be paid to them or invested tor their benefit, as he •
shall think most judicious and proper, fitter the said mixed- ;
bloods shall have lehnquished to the United States alt ;
their mteiej-t m and to said deficiency m s-aul leseivation. 1
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this ari ht, ■
it is for the purpose of correcting a mistake m .
some legislation in the last Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir; I will explain i
it. The amendment involves no appropriation ;
of money: it is legislative, and is intended to re- j
coneile and adjust a conflict of opinion between >
the Land Office and the Indian Office m the ad- J
justmentof the rights of the Indians of the Ne-
maha half-breed reservations. By the treaty of!
1830, the Indians were entitled to a certain coun- i
try between the two Nemaha rivers, and in the
adjustment of the line, and running the western
boundary, a mistake was made, and at a late pe-
riod that mistake was attempted to be corrected;
.but inasmuch as settlers had in good faith set-
tled up to the western boundary line, by the thir-
teenth section of the civil appropriation act of
the last session, that line was confirmed. This
created a difference between the Land Office and
the Indian Office: there is a difference between
the two lines of about seventeen thousand acres.
All of it will be required , however, to supply the
number of Indians who are already enrolled for
the purpose of taking the reservations.
Wc merely propose to give pieomptions to the
few settlers on the small stnp of country be-
tween the two lines, and to take the £1 25 an acre
which they pay for the lands, and attach the trust
of the Indians to it, and pay the consideration
to them instead of turning it into the Treasury.
In that way we lespect the oMigationsof the treaty
and the rights of the settlers who have settled
there in good faith.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amendment
to offer as an additional section:
And be it further enae'ed. That the Commissioner of In-
dian Affans, under the dneehon ot the Seeietmy of the In-
terior, is heieby auUionzt d anjl duecud to ptepaie rules
and tcgulafioin. foi the government of the Indian seiviee,
and foi ttade ami mteicoui^e with the fndian trdxs, and '
the Herniation of then jiHau* ; and. when appioved by the ;
Piesident. shall be submitted to the Co mi ess oj the Umt< d ; |
States toi IN appiovai- P>oridrtf, That mjimi la>vs3 ruh's,
and legislations plowed, shall not be m lOice until enacted '
by Congress. i ■
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend- ;
ment, to come m as a new section: r
And he it further enwtcd, Thar the Commissioner of In-
dian Allans is heieby authorized to make -uoh ■jenr,nN ,
and enter-into such anangements as he may deem mves-
muv and expedient, with any tube oi hand of Indian-., foi
their location upon re-euations, oi touchim* the manage- ;
ment of their tribal affair-, the appliv. atmn or then piopet ty 1
and annuities to purpo'o-* of civilization and education; j1
which, w lieu appioved by the Pi evident, Mia II be vain! and |.
binding: Piovuh'd, hoi: crci, That no ,-uch ai;i cement ; hall j j
be of.nn efieet when i! involves any additional r.\ pendi- ;i
ttne of money on the pait <>i the Unin-d State- beyond what !;
is leijuiif'l undet !ie.u\ Mipulatioiif-, oi by an at t of (Jon- ;
j.nes'i, until Ihe came -dial I have been fn -t mi bunt ted to. and 1
icceived the appiovai ot, the Senate of the United Stated. : j
Tim amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 oiler another amend- ■!
ment, embracing several sections, intended to le- !
gislate on the subjectof lndun reserves, it is not j
exactly, I know, legitimate to offer a code, as it j
weir, a.s an amendment to the Indian nppropria- |'
tion bill, but it j-3 the only way in which we can j;
get such measures through, and the necessity of
passing it ismgent and pressing. The provisions
have been well considered; and I hope the chair- ||
man of the Committee on Finance will make no
objection to them. They are not stiictly ger- ti
mane; because they make no appropriation of,
money. If he insists on having appropriations, j
we can get up something or that kind. >,'<
Mr. IIUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen- ||
ator from Aikansas I think it very probable that !j
his code may be right; but if we put too much '|
legislation on, wo shall fail to carry some very im- ,1
poitant measures already upon the bill. I under- i
stand that he has introduced the provision 111 re- ;j
gard to modifications of our arrangements with i,
Indians, to be proposed by the Commissioner of ■!
Indian Affairs, with a view to this very matter, ;
to be decided upon'at the next session. I only
suggest to him whether he will not be more likely j
to carry his measures if he pauses now, than if ■:
he attempts to get too much? It n.ay be very b
right; I have not heard it. I suggest it for his ,!
own consideration, if he wants to cairy what lie
has eIrefuly on the bill. '!
Mr. SEBASTIAN". It is very certain that all ,
the amendments of the Senate will not pass the i,
House, anyhow. We shall have to surrender j
about one half to get a dividend of fifty per cAntum; .:
and if anything is to be surrendered, we might as !!
well put in this for quantity. It is not so im- '[
portant in its character as some of the otheis; but :]
we have to get our amendments by installments, ||
anyway. These sections were offered to and !i
passed by the Senate last year; and, in a con-;|
ference committee, the most necessary of them j|
were retained. jj
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary ^
will read the amendment. li
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That, where, by or puisuant to
the provisions of any treaty with any tribe of Indians, or of
any law of the United States, tracts of lauds outside of the
limits of any tribal xe&ervation, have been 01 shall beset
apart for the use of individual Indians, to be held m sever-
alty, and the pouei is re&eiveu to Congress or the President
ot the United States to anviionze the is- ue ol patents there-
for, and to make regulations re.-pectmg tho sale or aliena-
tion 01 such tracts, 01 wheie the tieatv 01 law i* silent upon
the feubjeetjit shall and may be lawful for such icseivues to
sell and convey such tiacts of land, whether ihey be he.id
as reservations by the usual Indian title or by giant, and a
deed of conveyance of such grant, duly executed by'there-
servecs, shall be construed to vest in the purehaset a title in
foe simple to the land bo conveyed : Provided, Such tales
shall be made in conformity to sach rules and regulations,
for the put pose of preventing fraud 01 mipo?ition, arid of se-
curing to or foi the reservee^ the full and lair value ol their
land, as m: y be presenbed by the Commw^joner of Indian
Affairs, with the appiovtfl of the Seeietaiy of the Interior:
Piovlded further; That no sale or conveyance ol any such
tract shall be of'any validity unless the same shall .bavo
been submitted to and received the approval of the Secie-
tary ot the Iriteiior.
And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner of In-
dian Affair* shall be, and is hereby, authorized, whenever
the interests of the roseiveemay render it expedient, to re-
quiie the putehase money for any such tract ot land to b8
pawl to ihc Umtt d  States agent tor the tribe to which the
rosei vee beh>*ij>*, or other otheer of the United States author-
ized to receive it, and to letani the same or any part theieof,
to be afterwards applied under the direction of the Secre-
tary ol die Tnteuoi tor the beneiit of the reserve© m such
manner as may be deemed best ioi his interest and wel-
faie.
And be it fuither enacted, That where the tubal reserva-
tion of any tube 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. At tho suggestion of sev-
eral Senaiois around me. and who seem to think
that amendment will create discussion, and that it
ought not to bo considered further, to obviate any
inconvenience of that kind, 1 withdraw the amend-
ment, and will proceed with others.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
ment is Vvithdiawn.
Mr. S!^B'\STL\N. I offer another amend-
ment to be inserted as a new section:
hid be it further en acted, T.iat the Secretary of War be,
and he i- h('< eby, aiehoi ./.-'d and dn eotod to settle the claims
oi me eiti/.ens ot C!eur ia and Aitibaiua lor tlic lo^es sus-
tained by tiiem dining the Inuian distut b.mee 01 1K3G.1837,
and and which la. set loit'u m Hveciuivu Document
No 1^7, and mpoitod to thn session of the 'i'wenty-
Ptflh (.'onaies*, tiinin sati-taetoiy pioof being lendeied of
the identity ol the pt isons thei .Mil named, 01 their legal rep-
resentatives, ,-c> far as the rame tails within the equity of the
ptiucipici of the act entitled "An act to leuulate trade and
mtcteour-e with ihc Irnh m tribe*," pa- etl June 30, iy34,
without cliai,' e on the Indian annuities; and also, foi all
los-sos of piopeity deployed or eon-aimed by Goveimnent
troopi or ihi; Indians under then command : Prothat
the payments to be made shall not exceed the sum ot"
1-iO le-s iln: sum pai.l hei-*tofoie to tlie State of Geor-
gia upon the claim of Henry W. Jernhran and Jemiuun &
Cort Add providedfuith.fr, that said fum hhall be in full sat-
Hiaetiou and payment lot all c hums for damages a«id losses
by the act ot tho saul C;oek Indian^ 111 tho y ears afoie^aid,
or winch may have been taken for Government use.
Mr. HUNTER. Upon that amendment 1 raise
a question of order that it is a private claim"; which
cannot be put on an appropriation bill. There
have been two decisions of the .Senate upon this
proposition, as 1 understand the question. One
is as follows r
a The to)lowing amendment having been proposed by Mr.
Toombs, horn tno Committee on Indian Aft'uns, vis: • m-
sei t,
u^fo.8. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$'35Q.000, 01 so much thereof as may be uecc&saiy. be, and
the s:unji u hereby, appiopriated to pay to the peisons enti-
tled to icceive the same, the -uni-- ascei tamed by the agents
appointed by the authonty ot the second section ot the act
making appioprmtio.'H for the curient and contmg' nt ex-
pen--e^ ot tnc Indian depaitnieni, approved Maich 1837,
to be due the individuals, their liens and aligns, and
\\hos.e names aie setiouli m the, report of said eonnnis-
Monei. ti-nisnnlted to Congicss on the 27th ol January,
for s|>oJiation.,s of the Cicek Indian-:, cxcpting those
wiiosC claims have been heictoioie paid by the United
ritatcs.
A question was taiced by Mr. FTrxT^n. whether the pro-
posed amendment was m oidei under the 3Qtli rule, ot the
fcjetrU"; and
k<It wa- decided (Mi. Driciit 111 the chau) that the
amendment wa-* not m otder. ,
'• Fiom this dfCi>ion .Mi. Toombs appealed ; and
On the question.' Sh.ill the decision of the Chair stand
as tli.} judgment oi the Senate?"
"It was deteimui.id m the affiimative—yeas 17, nays
io."
Again, sir, in 1853:
" On motion by Mt. Res* to amend the bill by inserting
the fol lowing :
"And be it furtker enrcteJ, That for the pavment to the
citizens ot Alabama and Onoigia.ior depi edations committed
by Creek Indians upon then propcity, and tor otiier prop-
el ty taken by the troops of the United State* and friendly
Creeks, ui the yeais 1836 and 1637, the sum of $334.7;53 be,
and the sam" is heieby, appiopiiaied, to be distubuted and
paid ovei to the said ctn/.ctu, 01 their legal representatives,
accoidmg to the amounts allowed each of said claimants
