114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Reps.
•It will always endeavor to have right on its side, because
the inexorable tribunal of the nations judges by that, and
God gives the victory to him who fights bravely in defense
of justice."
If the President wished to renew negotiations
■jvith Spain, he had the undoubted right to do so
without the intervention of Congress. I cannot
believe, sir, that the President seeks this appro-
priation to further any honorable negotiation, or
that he thinks the money will be needed for any
such purpose. There seems to have been a de-
sign upon the part of the President to thrust this
question upon Congress and the country in the
most objectionable form in which it could be put.
I think he hoped, by the magnitude and novelty
of this proposition, to diveupublicattention from
the imbecility and profligacy of his sinking and
doomed Administration. If the President flatters
himself with any such hope, he wilt soon find
that the people will only regard it as a new evi-
dence of his incompetency, and that he looks
more to a centralization of power in the Executive
than to the preservation of the rights of the Rep-
resentatives of the people.
The objection with me to the acquisition of
Cuba, which is paramount to all others, is the
character of its people. The population of Cuba,
a$ shown by the census of 1850, was 1,009,060,
and was composed of—whites, 501,988; free col-
ored, 176,647; slaves 330,425. Among those
classed as whites, were 90,000 Spaniards, 20,000
Canary Islandeis, 3,000 French, 1,000 English,
and 3,000 North Americans and other people. It
will be seen by the above classification, that nearly
all of the white population are foreigners, who
have been educated to hate republican institutions,
republican laws, and republican manners. The
power and strength of a State is measured more
by the intelligence of its people, and their attach-
ment to its institutions, than by its numbcis. The
peopl^'of Cuba are wholly unfitted to share in the
benefits of our Government, or to paiticipate in
its administration; and the introduction of such
a population must weaken instead of adding
strength to the Republic.
• I object, Mr. Chairman, to the acquisition of
Cuba, because it will make this Government re-
sponsible for the disposition of the slavery ques-
tion there. Gentlemen upon the other side of the
House seem to take it for granted that when Cuba
is admitted, she will come as a slave State, and
with a slave Hepiesentativo, If these gentlemen
will reflect for a moment upon the political his-
tory of the country for the past few years, they
will see that no auch result can follow. There is
to-day a large majority of the people of this coun-
try who are solemnly pledged to resist, by all
constitutional means, the further extension of sla-
very, and they will never consent that new slave
States shall be formed out of foteign territory to
be purchased with the common treasure of the
country. And those who think that the acquisition
of Cuba will add to the political strength of the
South, are laboring under a great delusion.
It has boon urged, Mr. Chairman, that a liberal
offer for Cuba will furnish a sort of justification
for its forcible seizure in a certain contingency.
Sir, in my judgment, any offer we may make will
not justify the commission of a great national
crime. I am opposed, sir, to contracting any more
obligations for the purchase of territory, north
or south, in the present condition of the Treas-
ury. We have terntoiy enough now, if we will
but improve it. jLet us develop its resources, re-
plenish our exhausted Treasury, and.settle some
of the distracting questions which divide our peo-
ple, rather than introduce new elements of discord
and confusion.
But, if this insane passion for territorial acqui-
sition must be gratified, 1 piefer that we should
attempt the acquisition of the British possessions
on this continent. We have as good reason to
believe that such an attempt would be successful
as we have for believing that we can succeed with
Spain; and, as far us danger to our prosperity and
peace is concerned, it m much greater from the
British than the Spanish possessions on this con-
tinent. No ocean intervenes between our posses-
sions and those of Great Britain. They are di-
vided only by an imaginary line extending across
the continent. By the acquisition of the British
possessions, we should acquire a rich and produc-
tive country; and, what is moie important, we
should bring into the Union an intelligentand free
people, and a country where the laws of climate
and the will of the people have settled the ques-
tion of human slavery forever, Mr. Chairman,
1 have no expectation that the views of the Pres-
ident are to receive an indorsement by this
House.
But his purpose is answered in bringing this
subject forward as an Administration measure.
Instead of pouring oil upon the troubled waters,
he has thought proper to make a new issue to
distract and divide the people. 1 believe, sir, the
free and intelligent North is ready to meet this
issue. But they will not be diverted by it from
the strict accountability to which they will hold
the President for his broken pledges, his neglect
of their interests, and the ruin and distress which
his administration of the Government has brought
upon the country.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. B. STANTON,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1859.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the. Union—
Mr. STANTON said:
Mr. Chairman: Before proceeding to the dis-
cussion of the subject to which I design mainly to
address myself, 1 desire to make a few remarks
in reply to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garnett.] He contrasts the expenses of the
Democratic administration of Mr. Buchanan dur-
ing the past year with the expenses of the Whig
administration of Mr Fillmore, and shows a
difference, in the aggregate, of some $30,000,000
against the present Administration, without any
increase of territory, or any apparent cause for
any increased expenditure.
In sundry items of expenditure, the amount of
which is in the discretion of the President and
the Executive Departments, he shows an increase,
in many instances, of more than one hundred per
cent.
When I saw the line of argument which the
gentleman was pursuing, I congratulated myself
that I had, at last, found a sincere and genuine
apostle of retrenchment, who was willing to
charge the responsibility of the profligacy and
extravagance of the Government where his facts
and figures showed that it clearly and unquestion-
ably belonged.
Imagine, then, if you can, how great was my
disappointment and surprise, to hear him charge
the responsibility of these abuses on the minority
in this House, with a few of the Democratic
members from the free States, and especially
from the State of Pennsylvania, while there was
a Democratic majority of nearly two to one in
the other wing of the Capitol, and the executive
department, from the Prosidentdown to the mean-
est table waiter, is m the hands of the same party.
Sir,it occurred to meat once, thatconfession was
the first step towards genuine repentance and ref-
onnation. And,ifthe Democratic party, which,
according to the gentleman's own showing, is so
clearly guilty of the&r abuses, is not yet prepared
to confess its sms in this matter, neither the House
nor the country has much to hope for in the way
of retrenchment and reform from that quarter.
This attempt to make a scapegoat of the minor-
ity to carry the sins of the Democratic party into
the wilderness will scarcely pass current with the
people. You know, sir, that our appropriation bills
uniformly come back from your Democratic Sen-
ate loaded down with millions by way of amend-
ments, and that we are compelled to take'them at
the hands of committees of conference, or leave
the Administration without the means necessary
to carry on the Government. And after the ap-
propriations have thus been swelled to an almost
fabulous amount, the Executive makes no scruple
of expending additional millions, which we are
driven by the incessant importunities of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to meet by deficiency bills.
At the last session we passed a deficiency bill
amounting to some eight million dollars. But I
submit to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gar-
nett] that he should exercise great forbearance
towards the Democracy of the free States, and
especially to the Democracy of Pennsylvania.
You have imposed very heavy burdens upon
them during the last seven years. They have
been required to make bricks without straw, and
their necessities have been very great. You have
required them to repeal the Missouri compromise,
and aid in the propagation of slavery into the free
Territory of Kansas. You have required them
to sustain the border-ruffian invasion, by which
slavery was fastened for a time upon that out-
raged and oppressed people. You have required
them to sustain the Government so forced upon
them by Federal patronage and Federal bayonets.
You have required them to sustain the admission
of Kansas into the Union with a constitution
which the people of the Territory loathed and
abhored, and against their most solemn protests
and remonstrances. You have required them to
systain the English bill, which provided for the
admission of a slave State with some forty thou-
sand inhabitants, and required ninety-three thou-
sand for a free State.
But, in all your dealings with them, you have
never before ignored that passage of Scripture
which says: " Loweth the ox over his fodder, or
doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass?"
But now, when they ask for bread, the gentleman
from Virginia proposes to give them a stone.
What would have been the fate of the facetious
gentleman from the first district in Pennsylvania
if the navy-yard had not been in his district? I
fear he would hardly have been able to get the
certificate, to say nothing of his chances for a
legal election. Why, sir, I am told there are
scores, if not hundreds, of men nominally em-
ployed in these navy-yards who never go there at
all, except on pay-day. The only service they
render is on election days, when they perform
the duties of shoulder-hitters, and engage in such
other amusements as the exigencies of the party
require. This, I have no doubt, is the explana-
tion of the increased expenditures of which the
gentleman from Virginia complains. They have
increased as the exigencies and necessities of the
party have mcieased; and it is to these expendi-
tures that the party owes its success. That gen-
tleman and his party are now enjoying the power
and patronage which these expenditures in the
free States have secured, and without which it
would have suffered an overwhelming and igno-
minious defeat. His friends m the free States
have done the only thing that was left for them
to do, and have achieved success for the gentle-
man and his party; and I submit to him, whether
he is rendering a proper return for such signal
service ?
But, 1 tell the gentleman from Virginia, that if
he wants to secure an economical administration
of this Government, he must lay the ax to the
root of this corrupt tree, and not content himself
with lopping off a few branches. They will grow
out again more sturdy and vigorous than ever.
You must prescribe proscription. So long as the
offices and contracts and disbursements of the
Treasury are made the 41 spoils of victory" and
the lewards of pai ty service, so long will corrup-
tion "boil and bubble and overrun the stew;"
and so long wili the expenses of the Government
go on increasing.
But, I must pass to the consideration of the
mam question, upon which I propose to address
the committee.
Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast
but, when it is discordant and out of tune, it
grates harshly upon the ears, and gives us any-
thing else than pleasant sensations. But, sir,
them is not only discord, hut absolute rebellion
in the executive choir.
The President leads off with the grand and
solemn air of Old Hundred, but his Minister of
Finance strikes m with the spirit-stirring strains
of Yankee Doodle. This, as Dogberry would
say, " is most tolerable, and not to be endured,"
makes "confusion worse confounded" in the
Democratic congregation. Some follow the Presi-
dent and some the Secretaiy; and such a confu-
sion of voices and sounds has not been heard
since the building of Babel.
It must be confessed, however, that within the
church,and amongst the faithful, the voices that
