THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session:.
TPIURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1859.
New Series...'..No. 47.
respectively by Messrs. L. T. Pease and J. M. Fmilh. com-
missioners of the United States, under the act approved
March 3,1837, as contained in a report and schedule made
to the Commissioner of Indian Artairs, dated November 98,
1837.
" A question was raised by Mr. Bayard, whether the
amendment was in Older; and
" The President pro tempore decided that it was in or-
der.
" From this decision Mr. Bayard appealed ; and
"The question being put, ' Is the decision of the Chair
correct?'
" It was determined m the negative—yeas 19, nays 22."
So there have been two decisions of the Senate
on thi.s point of order, each ruling this amend-
ment to be out of order.
Mr. IV&RSON. I had anticipated that this
point of order would be raised by the Senator
from Virginia. His extraordinary vigilance in
trying to keep every trespasser off his peculiar
domain—the general appropriation bills—some-
times, I think, leads him into error, and causes
him to do unintentional injustice. Whatever may
have been the decision of the Senate heretofore on
this question, I am satisfied the case is not ex-
cluded by the rule; and as the question may pos-
sibly come befoje the Senate by an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, 1 desire the attention of
the Senate for a very few minutes. The rule in
question is the 30th rule, which provides:
u No amendment, pioposmg additional appioniiatiotiF,
shall he leeeivod to any genoal appiopiution bill, unless it
be made to cany out the piovi-sion-t of some evicting law,
or porno act or resolution previously pa^ed by the Senate
during that session, oi moved bj direction of a standing oi
select committee ot the Senate, oi m pursuance ot an esti-
mate tioni the head of some of the Department ; and no
amendment shall be received, whoso object i« to provide
for a puvuto claim, unless it be to eanj out the provisions
ot an existing law. or a tieaty stipulation."'
I suppose it i? on this latter clause that the
point of the Senator from Virginia stands, that
" no amendmentshall be received whose object is
to provide for a piivatc claim, unless it be to eai ly
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation." Jf the amendment, although it be
to pay a private claim, is in pursuance of tlie pro-
visions of an existing law-—if it is intended to
carry out the provisions of an existing law—it is
cleat ly in order. Now, sir, I propose to show
that this is a claim to carry out the provisions of
an existing law in terms. You will perceive, Mr.
President, that the amendment proposed by the
standing Committee on Indian Aflans of the Sen-
ate, authorizes and directs the Secretary of War
to ascertain, examine, and adjust the claims of
citizens of Georgia and Alabama, growing out of
the depredations of the Creek Indians during the
difficulties which existed in the years 183G, 18,37,
and 1838, m pursuance of the provisions of the act
fo 1834,regulating the mtc\comse between the In-
dian tribes and the United States. I will read the
seventeenth section of that act, and it will sahow
to the Senate conclusively, I think, that, this
amendment is intended to cai ry out the pi ovisions
of an existing law, by which and under which,
the Government of the United States ia bound to
pay these claims. The seventeenth section of the
act of June 30, 1834, U regulate intercourse with
the Indian tribes, is in these words:
l< Sue. 17. ,.Ind he if fwither enacted, That if any Indian or
Indians, belonging to any tube m amity with the United
Struct, shall, within the Indian country,take 01 destroy die
propelty of any person lawfully within such counny, or
shall [iass from the 1 iidiau eouiUiv into any State or Torn-
torv inhabited by citizens of the United S;ate^, and there
take, -teal, oi destroy, any hor-e, hor-es, 01 othei property,
belonging to any cui/'-n oi inhabitant of the United State.-,
such citizen oi inhabitant, 1 us repie-cntauve, attorney,
or agent, may make c.ppin-ation to the piopei .-uperin-
tendeiu, ai'ent, or sub-agent, who, unon being fuinis-hcd
with the nuce-^arv document*, and proofs, «jiall, under the
direction ot the President, make application to the nation
or tube to which r-aidIndian oi Indian-* -.hall belong, lor sat-
isfaction ; and i* such nation oi tube shall ncgleclor icfu*>e
to make satisfaction in a iea-on.>Lle time, not exceeding
twelve months, it shall be the duty o''&uc > supeiintemlent,-
agent, or siih-a«erit. to make t emrn of Ins doing'to the Com-
missioner oi Indian Aflairs, that «.uch further steps may ue
taken as shall be proper, ia the opinion of the Presidcii', to
obtain satisfaction for the injury ; ant1, in the mcan ai
respect to the property so taken, s/o/en, or destroyed, the
United States guaranty to the party so Ivjured an eventual
indemnification: PtOiided, Th.it if such lnjuied party, h« 
repiesditative, attomey, or agent, <-hall in <r;y way violate
the provisions of tins act. by seeking or attempting toobuna
private satisfaction or revenge, he shall forfeit all claims
upon the UnitedStatesforsuch indemnification : Andpro-
vided also, That unless such claim shall be presented within
three years after the commission of the injury, the same
shall be barred; and if the nation or tribe to which such
Indian may belong receive an annuity from the United
States, such claim shall, at the next payment of the an-
nuity, btKlpducted theiefroin, and paid to the party injured ;
and if no annuity is payable to such nation or tube, then
the amount of the claim*shall be paid fioin the Treasuiy of
the United States : Pro aided, That nothing heroin contained
shall prevent the legal apprehension and punishment of any
Indians having so offended."
It will be perceivcd that, by this provision of
the law, if any Indian or Indians of a tribe in
amity with the United States commit any depre-
dations upon the property of any citizen of the
United States, m tne State where that citizen re-
sides, or go over into another Stale, and there
commit depredations and destroy the property of
the citizens, a mode of redress is pointed out:
first, the party is to submit his claim, with the
proper documents and proofs, to the agent of the
tribe; and then it becomes the duty of the agent
to present the case to the President of the United
States; and the President, in such form as he may
think best, is to demand of the tribe to indemnify
the individual who is thus injured. " In the
mean time," in the language of the law. "the
United States guaranty to the parties so injured
an eventual indemnification." It also provides
that if there be an annuity due to the tribe by the
United States, the Government shall deduct the
amount due to the injured person from the next
annuity, and pay it over to the individual claim-
ant; but if there be no annuity, the Government
shall respond from the Treasury of the United
States for the injury sustained by the individual.
That is the law under which tins claim is now
founded.
We say that a portion of the Creek tribe, in the
years 1836, 1837, and 1838, broke out in hostili-
ties against the citizens of Alabama end Georgia,
and destroyed n Inrge amount of their property.
They not only destroyed the property of the cit-
izens of Alahama^vithin the Indian country in
tho State of Alabama, but they passed over in mil-
itary bunds upon hostile excursions into the State
of Georgia, and there destroyed a large amount
of property of citizens of that State. The Govern-
ment is responsible under the seventeenth section
of the act of 1834; because that act guaranties an
eventual indemnification of the individuals in-
jured. To he sure, the act points oat that it shall
be the duty of the claimant to present his chum
to the agent; but,m this cuse, there was no agent
of the Creeks. A treaty had been previously made
between the Creek tribe and the United Status, by
which all their lands in Alabama had been sold
and alienated to the United States; and the agency
which had before existed was abandoned, and
there was no agent of the Creek nation then in
existence. It was impossible, therefore, for tho
injured individuals to comply with the forms of
this statute by presenting their claims to the
agent, for there was, m fact, no pgent in exist-
ence; hut the citizens did everything they could
do; they presented their claims to the Piesident
of the United States; they sent them to the War
Department, and they demanded an investigation;
and Congress, by the act of the 3d of March, 1837,
passed a law directing the 1'icsident to appoint
commissioners to proceed to Alabama and Geor-
gia to investigate the^c claims, and report the
amount which ought properly, under th* princi-
ples of the intercourse law, to be adjudicated to
the claimants. Those commissioner did proceed
to Alabama and Georgia, and hear testimony,
and report and adjudicate on the chums.
I say the Government of the United States is
responsible to the^o parties under the act of 1834.
There were no annuities, or if there were annui-
ties due to this tribe, the Government has thought
proper to pay those annuities without deducting
the amount due by them for these depredations.
It is, therefore, the fault of the Government that
the law has not been carried out. It is under the
provisions of the seventeenth section of the act of
1834 that this claim is now presented, and ap-
plied to this appropriation bill. Although it is in
the nature of a private claim, because private in-
dividuals.have these claims, yet It is to carry out
the provisions of an existing law, to wit: the act
of 1834. Hence, it is not excluded by the 30th
rule, because that rule expressly declares that a
private clainynay be put on an appropriation bill,
provided it is to carry out the provisions of an ex-
isting law. This amendment simply authorizes
the Secretary of War to inquire into and adjudi-
cate these claims according to the' provisions of
the seventeenth section of the act of 1834. It is to
carry Out the provisions of that law, therefore,
that this amendment is reported by a standing
committee. We not only have the authority of
the report of a standing committee to justify it,
but we have the provisions of an existing law,
which it is intended to carry out by this amend-
ment, I therefore hold that it is not excluded by
the 30th rule.
One of these very claims has already been paid,
by an amendment upon the Indian appropriation
hill, in 1850, at the first session of the Thirty-
First Congtess. I read from the Journal of the
Senate for that session:
"The Senate icsumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill (II. K. No. 331) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and continscnt expenses of the Indian department, and
lor fulhlljnir ueaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June ',i\, \~67A.
''On motion by Mr. Atchison to amend the bill by in-
serting • i To pav the Central Bank of Georgia, assignee of
II. W. Jermgan & Co., and others, the sum of $21,044.?
'* It was deteimined in the ailirmative—yeas 23, nays 16."
This claim of H. W. Jernigan was one of the
claims which are embraced in this amendment.
The amendment itself excludes that claim, for '
it says that the amount paid shall not exceed
^349,000, the aggregate amount ascertained by the
commissioners, less the amount pat^ to the Cen-
tral Hank of Georgia, as assignee of Jernigan &
Co. Jernigan & Co., were claimants. Aware-
house, the property of Jernigan & Co., was burned
down by those Indians, in the town of Roauojke,
just across the Chattahoochee river, in the State
of Georgia; and it is one of the claims adjudicated
by the commissioners sent out under the act of
3837. Congiess, therefoie, have already decided
the question, by putting one of these very claims
on the Indian appropriation bill, in 1850. That
bill passed both Houses of Congress, and the
money has long since been paid to the Central
Bank of the State of Georgia. It is therefore res
adjudicata.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Georgia,
as I understand him, puts the question now upon
the fact that this amendment is to carry out an
existing law, and in order to prove that, he rests
on the seventeenth section of the*intercourse law.
That section reads thus:
" That if any Indian, or Indian^, belonging to any tribe in
amity with the United 8taie<. shall, within the Indian coun-
ny. take or de-tioy the property of any peison lawfully
within iiieli eountrj, or shall pa^s from the Indian country
mm any SMte or Terimuy inhabited by citizeud of the
U? ifed St.-tes, and there take, steal, or destroy,-'5 &.e%
It provides that the United States will guaranty
indemnity in such cases. You observe that the
trespass is to be committed within the Indian
country, or the Indians are to pass from the In-
dian country into an adjoining State and there
commit the trespubs. Now, sir, what is the In-
dian country in the contemplation of this law?
The fiist section defines it:
<• That all that part of the Tinted Slate* w^t of the Mis-
sis-ipi.i, and not within the States of Missouri and Louis-
lan.iot the Teintorv of Aikansas, and also that part of tho
Unit? d Ht.Ues ea.-t of the Mississippi river and not within
any Slate, to which tho [ndian title has not been extin-
guished, lor the pui poses of this act be taken and deemed
10 be the Indian country."
These trespasses were not committed within
the Indian country, according to this definition,
nor were thoy committed by Indians passing out
of the Indian country, according to this definition
of what is to he taken and deemed Indian coun-
try for the purposes.of this act. That is plain.
Therefore it seems to me that it cannot be pre-
tended that the case comes within the provisions
of this law. Indeed, if it ^,me within them, the
47
