738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
claims might have been presented, and would
have been settled, probably, at the Department.
It is because they do not come within the provis-
ions of that act that we are asked to legislate upon
the matter. It is true the Senator has produced
the action of Congress—I do not know whether
there was any question of order raised—upon
some one of these claims; but it may be that
amongst these claims there are some which may
rest upon different grounds from others; I do not
know. There may have been warehouses oc-
cupied by the United States troops, and in such
cases if they were destroyed on that account, the
Government would be liable on the same princi-
ple that it would be liable for propefty destroyed
m the w.ar with Great Britain; but it would not
be liable under this Indian intercourse act. I think,
therefore, that the Senator has failed to show that
he comes within the rule of order by offering an
amendment which is intended to carry outthe pro-
visions of the Indian intercourse act. It is obvious
that policy required that the Indian country, as
itiscallfed, should be defined; otherwise it would
be making the liability of the United States too
great. -It could not have been designed to embrace
within that definition Indians within the States
and who were within thejurisdiction of the States.
Mr. CLAY. I will say a few words in reply to
what has fallen from the Senator from Virginia.
He very correctly says that the Indian country
is west'of the Mississippi river, and the Indian
intercourse act from which he reads refers to In-
dians west of the Mississippi river. That is very
true; yet the act of the 3d of March, 1837, which
was quoted by the Senator from Georgia, ex-
pressly, as I understand it, placed the sufferers
by Creek depredations in Alabama upon the same
footing with other sufferers by Indian depreda-
tions within the Creek country. In order to show
that, 1 will simply read the proviso to that act,
following what was read by the Senator from
Georgia, in which the President is required to ap-
point an agent to go and inquire what depreda-
tions wore committed during hostilities and sub-
sequentto hostilities, and report them to Congress.
The proviso goes on to say:
" Provided, Nothing hereinbefore contained shall bo so
construed as 10 subject the United Suites to pay for depie-
dations not provided for by the act of April 9,181G, and tiic
nets amendatory thei eto, noi by act? regulating the mter-
cotfrse between the Indian tribes and tho United States."
This is what lawyers call a negative pregnant.
It pledges thp Government not to pay for any other
claim than such as would come within tho provis-
ions of the act of 1816, and the Indian intercourse
act. Now, I presume that Congress knew that
the act of 1816 was fundus officio and obsolete;
because,as the Senator from Vnginia knows, that
applied to property winch had been taken in the
war of 3813 by the Government for public use;
and hence, 1 say, it had performed its office, and
really was obsolete. So in respect to the Indian
inteicourse act; I presume that the Congress which
passed this act know that that referred to the coun-
try west of the Mississippi river; but I cannot b<?-
lteve that they intended to stultify themselves by
declaring that they would pay for no other claims
than those which came within the provisions of
the act of 1816 and the Indian intercourse act, and
at the same time intending that they would pay
none of the claims.
But, I say, here is a negative pregnant. They
pledge themselves thereby that they will pay all
such claims as come within the provisions, in other
words, within the spirit and reason of the act of
1816  and the Indian intercourse act. If they did
not intend that, what was the use of tho proviso*
What was the use of appointing a commission
and appropriating money to defray the expense
of taking testimony and ascertaining the amount
of d&m&gfcg? What was the use of deluding the
sufferers by these depredations with a false prom-
ise of indemnification? Why require them to go
forward and establish their proof; and why ap-
point agent? of the Government to take it; and
why introduce Government; agents themselves to
use it, of to confute what was said on the pai t of
tho Claimants, if Cfingtvs's had no purpose what-
ever iii this proviso? Why, sir, it impeaches the in-:
tegrity, or the intelligence, of Congress, to main-
tain the position assumed by the Senator. They
either did not know that the Indian intercourse
act refeired to country west of the Mississippi,
arid that the act of 1316 was functus officio, and
obsolete; or, if they did know it, they either#in-
tended that those who were brought within the
spirit and reason of those acts should be indem-
nified, or they intended merely to delude them by
making a pretense of this. Hence, I say, with
the Senator from Georgia, that if the Congress
which passed the act of 1837 was wise and hon-
est, as 1 suppose they were, they pledged them-
selves to pay all such claims as came within the
spirit and reason of either the act of 1816, or the
Indian intercourse act.
Mr. HUNTER. We have seen such legisla-
tion very often passed by compromise. Last year
there was a provision inserted by .the Senate in
an appropriation bill to pay the State claims for
moneys advanced during the war of 1812; but
for that was finally substituted a provision that
the Secretary of the Treasury should audit those
claims, and see what was due. Probably the Sen-
ator himself voted for that appropriation bill; but
I do not think he would consider himself pledged
by having voted for that appropriation bill to pay
those claims, whatever they may be, when audi ted;
and it is probable—I never referred to that before,
but it may be—that this very provision in regard
to the intercourse law and the law of 1816 shows
that they did not .mean for this to be established
as a precedent; that they did not mean to go be-
yond the provisions of those acts. The act of 1816
I do not remember, but the act of 1834 is explicit;
and I do not see how we could extend it without
great danger to the country.
But that belongs to the merits of the amend-
ment, if it shall he received. 1 confine myself
now to the simple question of order. The ques-
tion of order is whether, under any existing law,
the amendment can be offered ? The law referred
to is the Indian intercourse law. I think I have
shown that it does not cover the case. The one
brought up by the Senator from Alabama is one
from which he infers the moral obligation of Con-
gress to pay; but that is not a law which, under
the rules of order, would authorize the introduc-
tion of this proposition to amend the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The question presented by the Sen-
ator from Virginia is whether the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Arkansas, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, is in order, inasmuch
as it proposes to provide for paying private claims
of the citizens of Georgia and Alabama. The
construction of the 30th rule, Wis contended, will
allow the reception of this amendment. The Sen-
ate, as appears by the record, has twice decided
the amendment not to be in order. The present
occupant of the chair would follow that decision,
without any other reason. He may be allowed
to state, however, that he thinks the proviso in
the rule referring to claims which are provided
for in laws and treaties, refers to such claims as
are ascertained in amount. Where a treaty or
a law provides for paying a certain individual a
given amount of money, such a claim is m order
upon a general appropriation bill; but a claim to
be investigated under a law, that may turn out to
be valid or invalid, in not in the meaning of the
30th rule.
Mr. 1VERSON. I must appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair. I beg to say, that so far as
the latter reason assigned by the Chair is con-
cerned, these claims have been adjudicated and
ascertained by act of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to appeal; and the question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand aa the judgment
of the Senate ?"
Mr. IYTERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were oulered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 10; as follows:
VfJAS—Messrs. Rate®, Rfnj.ijntn, Cli.millet, Che.-nuf,
C'ark, Gollanier, Davi-. Duain. Dooiittle, Durlcee. Fi.^en-
<*<'11, Fitch, Gu.en, Halo, ff.unmoiui, JIaiian. Houston,
Hunter. Johnson of Tennessee, King. Polk. Keid, Shield?,
and Wilson—24.
NAYtf—Mobsf®. J3H1, Drown, Clay, Fitzpatrick. Iverson,
Iviet\ Seward, Toombs, and W'aui—10.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment was ruled out of order.
?vlr. SEBASTIAN, i have one other amend-
ment, to carry out a law of the last session of
Congress:
For carmng into effect the twentv-fourth section of the
civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855, by the payment
of the claims on file oidered to be assessed by Messrs. Eaton
and Hubley, Washingtpn and Mason, commissioners under
the Cherokee treaty of 183&-3S. the sura of §19,045 79.
Mr. HUNTER. It is said to be to carry out
some provision of an appropriation act, without
stating what it is.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I will inquire ifitisnotthe
same thing we had before us in the Finance Com-
mittee on one of the appropriation bills last year,
which was rejected? We examined it, and it was
said at that time to be a fraud. I was rather in
favor of it; but I was told afterwards that these
claims had been on file, and rejected; that there
is power to pay them in the Department if they
are right, and come under the treaty; but they
have been absolutely refused because they did
not come under it, but were, in reality, merely
fraudulent claims, which ought not to be paid. I
do not know anything about it. I should like to
have an explanation.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In answer to the Senator
from Maine, I must say I have no recollection
of any discussion in the Senate on this subject
last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proposition was re-
jected in the Committee on Finance last year, I
remember.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The amendment for pay-
ing these claims never originated in the Commit-
tee on Finance; but in the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr, FES3ENDEN. They were attempted to
be put on by an amendment to one of the appro-
priation bills last year, on which I was one of the
committee of conference, and they were finally
rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is right; it was
put on by the Committee on Indian Affairs as an
amendment, and thrown out by the committee
of conference. I think I have understood from
the Secretary of the Interior that they were claims
that would be passed, if they were right; the
authoiity of law was enough; but the evidence
was not such as to sustain these allegations.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will explain it. Under
the treaty of 1835, the Cherokees, of course, who
had sold their country and were about to emigrate
west, had a great many claims for private prop**
erty, such as improvements and ferries and res-
ervations to them under old treaties. These were
personal property belonging to the individuals of
the tribe; and, by the sixteenth article of that
treaty, a board of commissioners was instituted
for the purpose of investigating the value of all
these personal rights, and provision was made for
their payment first, before the division of the con-
sideration money among the tribe was to take
place. Most of those claims have been paid. The
only means prescribed in the treaty for ascertain-
ing the value of these personal rights to improve-
ments, reservations, and ferries, was an examina-
tion and decision by a board of commissioners.
The commissioners appointed, under the provis-
ions of the treaty, what was called a board of as-
sessors. A claim first came before the board of
commissioners, who examined the mutter of right,
and, if it was found that a party was entitled to
compensation, they ordered the board of assess-
ors to examine the improvements and value them;
and, upon their certificate of value, the amount
was jDaid here at the Department, under an ordi-
nary appropriation by Congress. All the claims
that were reported by the commissioners and val-
ued by the board of assessors, were paid. There
were four diffcient boards^ which sat. The board
of assessors continued their investigations up to
the time their commissions expired. It found a
vast amount of business on their hands unad-
justed and undetermined. Those claims, however,
which were finally adjudicated and decreed to be
paid by the board of commissioners, upon the
report of the board of assessors, were paid here.
In the first place, a small class of claims were or-
dered to be valued, and when valued, a report
made to the commissioners, who never in form
drew our the award, and they were not paid for
that leason. That was remedied by the act of
1854, and that class was paid. Then, there was
another class of cases whose claims were ordered
by the board of commissioners to be valued, but
which, in point of fact, never were valued by the
commissioners before their commissions expired,
where the right was determined to be in the In-
dians, but the value had not been ascertained.
That constitutes the class now proposed to be
provided for.
The principle upon which this is based is simply
