116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Reps.
With a view to enable me to arrive at some-
thing definite, I had the honor to offer a resolution
'here, which passed the House, calling upon the
"Secretary of the Treasury to furnish statements
showing the aggregate amount and value of im-
ports from France and England during the last five
years; and also, the quantity and value of a few
•of the leading articles of import from each, as.
sh'own by the English and French custom-house
returns as well as by our own. I supposed that
by a comparison of the quantity and value of the
exports from England and France to the United
States, as shown by their custom-house returns,
with the quantity and value of imports from those
countries, as shown by our custom-house returns,
we should be able to approximate pretty closely to
the extent of the undervaluation. Although the
answer to this resolution is not so satisfactory as
1 had hoped and expected, on account of the dif-
ference in the manner in which the custom-house
books are kept in the different countries, yet it is
sufficient to throw much light upon this dark sub-
ject.
1 also find in the Commercial Relations, com-
piled by the State Department, much information
upon this subject.
In 1849, Secretary Walker complained of the
frauds upon the revenues by undervaluations and
false invoices. He says:
" The system or practice refrricd to, consists in the prep-
aration and transmiyaxm of double invoices of the mdtntt-
ca! goods embraced m the importation, wuh n matcual va-
. nation between the two invoices, us to Hie com oi fmcign
market valuo of ihe same goods.
" Several riv.es of fraud, on ihe part of collectors, amount-
ing in the aggregate to $'.200,000, have of lute been detected
by the Trea?uiy Department."
In the Commercial Relations, it is said that—
tl Prom an official repoit rceentlv published In that coun-
try, the value of imports into the United States nom Franco
nrc stated to exceed, l>y 30.01)0,000 Irauou that given by ihe
United States ofiiciai lepoit for the Mime >eai."
The United States reports on commerce and
navigation, for 1853-54-55, show an import of
438,650 tons of guano, at an aggregate value of
$1,248,587, or about $3 25 per ton, while the low-
est price paid at the Ghinciia Islands is from
twenty to twenty-five dollars per ton.
Tables are given in the commeicial relations of
imports from various countries, according to our
custom-house returns, and the custom-house re-
turns of the countries from which they came.
And in every instance the amount .shown by the
foreign custom-house returns greatly exceeds the
amount shown by ours. It may be that this dis-
crepancy is not entnely attributable to underval-
uations at our custom-houses. But the state-
ments furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury
in answer to the i evolution of the House to which
I referred, unsatisfactory as they are as a whole,
furnish the meana of making comparisons that
demonstrate piecisely the extent of the underval-
uation at our custom-houses on a few articles.
Amongst the statements culled for, was one for
the amount and value of manufactures of iron for
the five years ending June 30, 1867.
But, as our custom-house returns do not give
the quantities of all the manufactuies of hon im-
ported, it does not furnish the means of making
the companion, us to all or any of the manufac-
tures of iron,except the single artich; of guns. It
shows that, according to the English custom-
house returns, we imported from England, in the
yews 1853-54-55-56 and 1857, 115,276 guns, at
$8 05 each, amounting to $928,394 28. Accord-
ing to oui custom-house ieiurns,\ve imported tor
the same years 35,580 guns, at $5 98 each,amount-
ing to $213,088, showing an undervaluation on
the puns, according to oui eu-stom-house returns,
of $73,650 GO. By the tauff of 1846, which was
then m force, they wne chaiireable with a duty
of thirty per cent., making a loss to the revenue
on this single article of §22,095 18.
According to the French custom-house re-
turns, there was exported from that country to
the United States, tor the years 1853, 1854, and
1855, 13,545,714 of gallons of wine, valued at
$14,506,937 34, being 07 per gallon.
The United States custom-hou©e, for the same
years, show our imports of wine fiotn France to
be 13,927,383 gallons, valued at $6,704,88e,or 48
cents per gallon.
The amount of undervaluation on the quantity
shown by our custom-house returns to have been
imported, is #8,217,155 99.
By the tariff of 1846, under which these wines
were imported, they were chargeable with aduty
of forty percent. The Government was there-
fore defrauded, by undervaluation on wines, in
three years, of $3,286,S62.
The French custom-house returns also show
that, for the years 1853, 1854, and 1855, there
was exported from France to the United States,
3,393,130 gallons of distilled liquors, valued at
the French custom-house at $5,883,559, or $1 70
per gallon.
The United States custom-house returns show
that, for the same years, we imported from
France 6,911,124 gallons of distilled liquors, val-
ued at our custom-houses at $6,758,100, or 90
cents per gallon.
By the tariff of 1846, under which these im-
portations were made, distilled liquors were sub-
ject to a duty of one hundred per cent. The loss
"by undervaluation on 6,911,124 gallons, shown
by our custom-house returns, at eighty cents per
gallon, which is the ddfeience between the French
valuation and ours, is $5,528,899, and the duties at
one hundred per cent, amounted to the same sum,
showing the loss to the revenue to be $5,528,899.
Thus it will be seen, that the loss to the reve-
nue from false invoices and undervaluation, in
three years, on these three articles has been—
On gun-?  $73.650 60
On wui'is  3,'2£o}8ft'2
On di&tilled liquors    5,-VJy,B90 00
Making $8,8*9,111
Thnso articles have not been selected, because
they show more gross frauds than any other, but
because they were the only ones which the of-
ficial documents within my reach enabled me to
compare our custom-house valuation with the
custom-house valuation of the country from which
they were imported. And [ have eveiy reason
to believe, that, if I had the means of companng
our custom-house valuations of the manufactures
of wool and silk with the English and French
valuations, the disparity would ht; quite as gieat
as it is in wines and distilled liquors.
Although the tables furnished by the Secretary
of the Treasury do not furnish us the means of
making a comparison of the quantity and value of
woolen goods imported from England or France,
as shown by their custom-houses and ours, 1
have been furnished by my friend from Vermont
[Mr. Moiiiull] with sonic facts which show the
extent of the undervaluation in that description
of goods.
The ship Claiborne, from Marseilles, in France,
to New Orleans, in the. United States, contained
woolen goods, valued at the French custom-house,
as per m voico and custom-house books, at$29,143;
at the United States custom-house, per invoicc,
$13,768; showing an undervaluation of £15,375.
By the same vessel, and part of the same caigo,
is given as follows:
Blanket", pnr Fiench custom-house and invoice : j
10 biiio.s at $iviir> !
23   21), 113 ;
3.) balout  32,360 ;
Making $>2,927 j
By the United States eustom-house value, and
the invoice furnished by tlio importer, they were
valued as follows:
10 bale* at  ,
«3 hales nt   13,''oS '
3:j hales? at     J }
MaUinc ^3UB3 '
Under valuation, ^38,004. 1
Thus it will be seen that the reduction upon the >
French valuation is considciably over fifty per '
cent.; and the fiaud upon our revenue consider- :
j ably exceeds one'hundred per cent, on the amount .
I received. j
1 The discrepancy shown in the article of guns |
would seem to indicate, that upon manufactures i
: of iron the disparity is not so gieat, and ranges
j somewhere between thirty to forty per cent.,
probably thirty-five per cent.; while upon wine,
distilled spirits, andprobably.upon manufactures
of wool, cotton, and silk, it exceeds fifty per cent.
It will be recollected, also, that these articles
make up the great bulk of our dutiable imports. I
think, therefore, we are authorized to say that
the Government is defrauded of fully forty per
cent of the revenue due from duties on imports,
by false invoices and undervaluations. The rev-
enue arising from duties on imports for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1858, was $41,789,620. If
we had specific duties precisely equal to our pres-
ent duties, fairly levied, our revenue would have
been increased, at forty per cent., $16,715,848,
making $58,505,469; which, with the revenue de-
rived from other sources, would have been suffi-
cient to meet the current demands upon the Treas-
ury. This shows that you, in reality, want no
increase of duties, but such a change of the law
as will enable you to collect, honestly and fairly,
the duties now provided for by law.
This can only be done by making a radical and
thorough change from ad valorem to specific duties;
and 1 confess 1 have never heard an honest reason
for preferring ad valorem to specific duties. The
only reasons I have ever heard, that seem to me
to have any force in them, are, first, that it costs
much more time and labor to adjust the details of
a tariff with specific duties than with ad valorem.
That is undoubtedly true; but is there any reason
why we should not bestow upon the subject all
the time and labor that are necessary to mature
such a tariff as the public welfare demands?
But there is another reason which operates upon
those who are opposed to protection. They are
willing that it shall not be fairly executed. If the
law requires the levy and collection of a duty of
thirty per cent., and the domestic producer com-
plains that he cannot live under it, he is pointed *
to the law, and told that the duty is enormous,
and that if he cannot live under it he ought to die.
lie is not permitted to say that the law is not
fairly executed, and that it is not equal to a duty
of fifteen per centum upon a fair valuation. If
ho says so nobody will believe him. The con-
sumer.* of his product are prejudiced against him
and hm business, and ngmnst the whole protective
system, by being told that they have to pay thirty
per cent, for the benefit of the munufactuier, and
that he is still clamoring for moie protection. I
v/iil not stop heie to inquire whether the pro-
ducer or consumer pays the duty on imports; but
those who ask protection have u right to require
an honest law, and an honest execution of it.
If you are willing to give any protection to
manufactures, whether it be great or small, give
it in the form of a specific duty, that they may
know, and that the world may know, precisely
what it is. If equality is required in the distri-
bution of the public burden, it can be better se-
emed by a carefully-adjusted tariff of specific
duties, which can be fairly executed, than by
a system of ad vctlorems, which offeis immense
bounties for falsehood and fraud, and makes a fair
and equal execution of the law absolutely impos-
sible. If stability and uniformity 1-*- ->ur revenue
are desired, they can only be secured by specific
duties. All other commercial countries recognize
the soundness of these principles, and act upon
them. England has ad valorem duties on a few
inconsiderable articles; but upon the great lead-
ing uriiclcs of import she levies specific duties.
France, Spain, Belgium, the Zoll-Yerein or Ger-
man Customs-Union, Austiia, Russia, and all
the other European States with which we have
any commercial intercourse, levy specific duties
exclusively. I do not believe that a single in-
stance of ad valorem duties con be found in the
tariffs of any nation m Europe, except in the in-
considerable cases referred to in England. The
settled anduniveisal practice m all civilized coun-
tries is certainly a very strong argument in favor
of the utility of the practice.
I do not understand why free-trade men should
piefei ad valorem to specific duties, if they are in
favor of an honest law, and of having it fairly and
honestly executed. If they do not want high
dut'es, let them make them low; but let them be
specific, that the consumer may know how much
he pays, (if he pays the duty at all;) that the do-
mestic producer may know precisely the extent
of the protection it affords him; and that the Gov-
ernment may know precisely how much revenue
may be expected from a given quantity of im-
portations.
