1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
this: that although the fund out of which these
claims were originally to be paid, was exhausted,
Still the United States have taken upon them-
selves the performance of a trust; and m the exe-
cution of that trust, thclndians could have no part
at all, and no means of enforcing compliance with
the treaty obligations of the United States to them. |
In other words, the simplest, plainest neglect of
trust is where they appointed a board of commis-
sioners whose commission expired before that
board performed its duties. In consequence of
that, the act of 1854, in regard to the smallest class
of claims remaining unadjusted, assumed the lia-
bility and transferred the unexpended appropria-
tion of $30,000, which had lapsed to the surplus
fund, for this purpose. That did not satisfy that
class of cases by some five or six thousand dol-
lars. For the balance, Congress appropriated
money in 1855. That disposed of the class of cases
wheie valuation luid been oidcred to be made, and
valuation, m point of fact was made, but no reg-
ular order by the board of commissioners was
made to satisfy the claims.
Still them remains now a class of claims adju-
dicated by the board of commissioners under the
treaty, where it was decided that the party was
entitled to compensation, but the board of assess-
ors did not have time, before the expiration of
their commissions, to carry out their duty under
the orders of the Indian department. That com-
mission has never been revived. If this appro-
priation is made, the Secretary of the Interior will
consider it his duty, under the treaty, to revive
that hoard of commissioners as to this small
amount of claims. The amount it takes, looking
at the estimate of the War Department, and look-
ing at the claims filed, and it never can go beyond
that, is the sum of $19,000. I have the official
letter of the office here, and also an official letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, stating
that this amendment embraces a new class, and i
that it is necessaiy to carry out the principle '
adopted in the legislation of 1854 and 1855, to do •,
equal and exact justice between all the claimants ■
under that article of the treaty. I
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Commissioner of ;
Indian Affairs recommend the claim, and estimate
for it? i
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will have his letter read, i
and the Senator will see what he does recom- i
mend. !
The Secretary read the following letter: j
dkpari.ment of tiii'. im r titor, .
t)r"nci3 indian affairs, Junttciry £9. 1s5d. j
sir: The resolutionol the Senate, oi the 14th mutant, in- >
strucung the Committee on Indian Allans to "inquire into !
the f'.MH'Juiiicy of making an appiopuatiou to eairy into *
elu'ct the tvveniy-foniil) section of the em I and diplomatic J
net of jYIaich hy pnvmg the claims on file oidered '
to by Upton and^ummey and Washing- j
ton and Ma .on. commivMonen underiho Cherokee tioaty of I
3boj,'; reached thj-> otlice at a hue hour ye-tetdav; and J
yom clerk expressing a deMie in your behalf thai t!n> office j
Fhould make-* an explosion of itb opinion on tin1 pioptiety ,
of making the apptopiiauon contemplated by the re-oiu- 1
tion. I have the honor to state, that nought to bo made, ;
and place thu parlies to be benefited thctoliy on an < quality j
with those who have already been paid under the act of j
18x3. I
Very respcctfullv, your obedient servant, j
j. w. denvisr, j
Commi^wncr. j
Hon W. IC. Pftjastian', '
Committee on Iiulian Jljjairs, United Slates Senate. !
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to be a hasty i
opinion of the Commissioner of Indian Aflairs; i
certain if. is that no estimate has ever been pre-
sented from any Department for it. I suppose the :
claims, whatever they are, have been in the De- !
paitment a lone time. . j
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Of course. 1
Mr. HUNTER.. No previous Secretary of the
Interior, or Commissioner of Indian Affairs, saw
proper to estimate lor them; and if they had be-
lieved them to have been due, they would have
done as m all other cases in which they thought
there was a liability of the Go vei umerit to Indians
which had not been satisfied. I was under the
impression that the Secietary of the Interior, whoa
it was put in the appropriation bill last year, v.*as
very much against its justice. I confess 1 am a
little surprised at this letter. It is the same claim
that was m the appropriation bill last year, and
stricken out by a committee of conference. I am
not mistaken in that.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That may be the fact; I 1
do not remember now.
Mr. HUNTER. It is the same claim. I be-
lieve these Cherokees, in North Carolina, have
been the best paid people that have ever had
claims against the Government of the United
States. They have been presenting claim after
claim, sonne of them very large ones, which have
generally been paid; and I had hoped we had long
since done with them. I am unwilling to vote
to appropriate money for the payment of these
claims,unti!,atleast,l know something more about
their justice. 1 think it is a strong fact against
them that no Secretary of the Interior, and no
Commissioner of Indian Affairs has ever estima-
ted for them, or recommended that they should
be paid. This letter is in answer to a letter call-
ing upon him for an estimate, a sort of fishing let-
ter from the Committee on Indian A fairs, and he
probably felt required to give them something.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator certainly
misapprehended very much the reading of that let-
ter; and I think it would be well enough to have
it read a^ain. Pie will see that the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, through the
clerk of the committee, called for an expression
of opinion, not fishing for an opinion, but want-
ing to know the views of the Indian Office in re-
gard to it. It is the habit of our committee to ask
the opinion of the office in reference to every
claim, either for or against it; and this is the opin-
ion which is elicited in answer to the formal com-
munication which is addressed in all cases where
papers are referred to the office. The Senator
from Virginia, I think, is mistaken in the history
of this claim heretofore. I believe it was pre-
sented. The Senator from North Carolina can
say whether it was not presented amongst many
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill last
session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman will allow
me a moment. At the last session i .moved this
amendment without any estimate from the Indian
Office, ^was voted down in the first instance,
and 1 brought it up a second time. I called the
attention of the Senator from Virginia to the jaw.
There aie two acts of Congress directing the pay-
ment, to which I called his attention, and that of
several other Senators. My amendment was voted
down m Committee of the Whole, and i renewed
it in the Senate. When I renewed it, the Senator
from Virginia rose and stated that it was to carry
out an existing law, and it was adopted; butafter
it went to the House of Representatives it was
sent to a comniitteefcof confer ence, and was there
thrown out. If it is agreeable to the Senate, I
will read those sections of the law which it is to
carry out, and winch satisfied the Senator fiom
Virginia at that time. The twenty-fourth section
of the civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855,
is in the following words:
'• Src.~4. Jind he it furthn enact cil> That the t<ni!h fac-
tion ol the net making nppiopnaii'nis foi the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian d'-paitment, and tor lul
filling tie.it\ Mipui.itioiis with vaiious Indian tubes ap-
piovcd Jui> 31, Jy<>4, he earned into by pawn? the
valuations afr<.rr(ainod and repnited bj Upton ;sr.,l
Hummey. and other official a<-es^or>, as onieied bv the
com mis- iouei* under the Cbeiokec livatv of J ?>,'!."> and l^.U,
wiiii interest on said valuations ie-pecuve!v, hum the da:o
ol th" s-anl < ot.iniivsionoi-' older- lor a.-v- ment; and shit
the Secietaiy oi the Interna be tmtiiei dii'-ctcd 10 nil the
b!ank< in Mich awauis ns are on his fde« wiih - neli amounts
io>pe< tivi!y a.- n av bo eaabh.-lu'd by prooi ol value &ati-i-
faeroiv to hnn, and pay the tamo
That is the clause m the act of March 3, 1855.
It makes a reference to the tenth section of the
Indian law of July 31, 3b54. That is m these
words:
u Si:c. 10. Jlr.d be \t futi!<er cnacte</, That, to enable the
M-ciutary of the Interior to M-tia; and p ly i;ie avvaul of
o< mnil -loriei-. on lib; i v- "rv.uioie. pr.'oiiipuon--. o ad for
rents and imnrovomcius mel.'r tin1 twlnh. rhn n "nth. and
sixteenth articles of the (Jaeioker t:"MV ef ~iith Leeem-
bei, it.'jj, in piuMianofMil "!n mi;. ji.iuoi ? ol t lie iIjird ai U-
< !e of the tt eaty ot An 6, 1 1 j. :i;e Men lr i>*io\)i>> :.p-
piopriated foi tho<c p.in mh! cetiud to th" turplm
fund, i-) hereby ic-appjopri ited.'"
Congress re-anpropnated it in 1854, but it paid
only a past of the claims There v/c s another
postion unsatisfied; and the law of the next year
directed their payment, but made no appropria-
tion. It appears, therefore, that under t.hese laws
the Department would be hound to pay the claims
if they had any money on hand; and, therefore, at
the last session the sum agreed to he voted hy the
Senate was ^20,000. 1 fnul, though, from the es-
timate sent up to-day. that it. is nineteen thousand
and some odd doii.ns. T:ie Senator from Vir-
ginia, at that time, as wiU appear by reference to
the Globe, said that it was to carry cut on exist-
ing law,"and was right. It was voted in by the
Senate, but was finally lost in the confusion at
the end of the session, because there was perhaps
no time to consider it in the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is rightin stating-
that I did, at the last session, on his explanation,
think the amendment was proper; but I recollect
that, on consultation with the Secretary of the In-
terior, at the time, I found reasorr to change n\y
opinion in regard to the matter. I see, by his
letter, that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
does express an opinion in reference to it. I
thought at the time it was a mere response to a
call for an estimate.
4 Mr. FESSENDEN.' I am exceedingly averse
to having this amendment go on an appropriation
bill without further examination, because I am-
not satisfied that the claim ought to be paid. There
is a great difficulty about it. I am not sufficiently
familiar with it, however, to state the reasons; but
I wish to restate more specifically what I said be-
fore. I was rather disposed to favor this prop-
osition at the last session, and I believe I voted
for it when it was put on the bdl, on the motion
of the Senator from North Carolina, last year. It
went on the bill, and was rejected in the House of
Representatives; and I was on the committee of
conference which considered this subject among
others, and I remember the statements made by
the committee on the part of the House satisfied
the chairman of the Committee of Finance at the
time, as well as myself, that there had been power
originally to pay this claim, but that it hail been
rejected; that the proper officers had refused to
pay it, and that this was only getting it up in an-
other shape, and putting it on an appropriation
bill against their will and their views of what was
absolutely just in the premises. It maybe that
we are mistaken about it; but a matter which is
decidedly in dispute as to its justice and propriety
between certain claimants and the Department
which has had the subject in charge, ought not
in this summary way to be put on an appropria-
tion bill. It ought to he considered by itsi if in a
different shape; and my fear is that we shall only,
in putting it on here, he getting into a difficulty
which we have repeatedly got into before, and that
is at the solicitation and paitia! explanations of
Senators putting on chums which, after all, turn
out to be unfounded and unjust, and under which
money is paid out of the Tieasuiy, when, m fact,
it ought not to be.
I am very sotry that I have not investigated it
enough, or given sufficient attention to it, to be
able to state now the grounds on which I came to
that conclusion. If I had supposed it was coming
up aeiun, ] should have informed myself better
about it. It v.vs not lost m any confusion, 1 will
inform the Senator from North Carolina; it was
11>t because the committee of e-inljrence came to
the conclusion that it ou;ht to he lost..
Air. SEBASTIAN. The history which the
Senator from Maine h<ss given lias ratner refreshed
my recollection, and I fhi,ik 1 mnypay ihat I was
probably on tlu-.t committee of conference my-
self.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; not where this mat-
ter was consul"-! d.
Mr. HEi-iASTIAN. T think I can call the rec-
ollection of the Senator, iliou^h, to one fact
which destioys the nmial weight of the decision
of the House. I think that h\:u year they rejected
in tolo, all the amendments of the Senate to the
Indian bill, without exception, and the whole of
them were settled in a committee of conference;
and all Senators who know how matters are set-
tled in a committee of conference, know they
arc oftener compromises than adjudications of
matti rs of right. I lemembei that the amend-
ments of the Indian Committee, were, for want of
time, all nonconcurred in by the House, and the
whole of them turned over to this kind of lot-
tery, the adjustment of a committee of confer-
ence. I do hot think, therefore, that the author-
ity to which the Senator has appealed, is very
conclusive in its character.
I iiave never heatd that any allegation of fraud
was made against these claims, in the original
explanation which I made, I stated that (hose in
which all the foims of adjudication required by
the tteaty weie mfde, were paid at the Depart-
ment, and legislation is required here from the
simple fact that hy the expiration of the commis-
