1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Scales.
Ho. of Reps.
I have no time to go into a discussion of the
principles of protection; and if I had, I have no
disposition to do so on this occasion. But I must
be permitted to say a word or two in reply to a
remark of the' gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] early in the session.
Mr.MILESON. Willthe gentleman from Ohio
allow me a moment to sustain the statement which
I made some days ago, and which the gentleman
has just now controverted, by an authority which
I have seen since I made the remark to which
the gentleman adverts? I quote from one of the
most recent and most distinguished and' able
writers on political economy, McCulloch:
" Protection in commercial legislation meAnfc the protec-
tion or bolstering up ofcertain branches of domestic indus-
try by prohibiting the importation of the produce of such
branches from abroad, or loading it, when imported, with
heavy duties. This policyat one time was universally prev-
alent; but its extremfely injurious influence having been
demonstrated over and over again, it has been abandoned by
all intelligent statesmen; and notwithstanding the principal
interests by which it was supported, it has nearly disap-
peared from our legislation, and it will no doubt eventually
disappear from the legislation of all countries."
Mr. STANTON. Very well. He says most
vehemently and emphatically, that " all science
is against protection."
It might, perhaps, be sufficient to say, in reply
to this, that "all history and all experience are in
favor of it."
It will be remembered that, a very few years
ago, the question of the practicability of navigat-
ing the ocean in vessels propelled by steam was
very much discussed by scientific men. The
amount of fuel required to propel a vesselagiven
distance, and the capacity of avessel to carry the
amount required, were all calculated, with every
other element that could enter into the question,
upon purely scientific principles, by the first sci-
entific men of the country, and it was finally set-
tled that it was wholly impracticable, and that no
more time or money should be spent in experi-
menting upon the subject. But just as the ques-
tion was fully and finally settled, and the decision
promulgated to the world, one fine morning in
June the steamer Sirius, from Liverpool, came
steaming up the bay and anchored in the harbor
of New York.
The scientific demonstration still stands. No
man lias been able to disprove or answer it. But
the trouble is, that men will go all over the world
in steamships in spite of it. It is very much so
with the science of political economy.
It is now nearly a century since Adam Smith
and Say and Ricardo, demonstrated that protec-
tion was injurious to every country that adopted
it, and must ultimately work its ruin. But in
spite of this demonstration, nations havegonc on,
protecting the industry of their people, and have
grown rich by it, and those that have afforded the
most uniform, steady, and ample protection, have
grown the richest. Two hundred years ago,
England was a third-rate Power in Europe. In
the reign of Charles I. her wool went to Flanders
to be manufactured, and her woolen goods were
imported from that country. Her exports and
imports were carried by Dutch vessels from Hol-
land.
Spain, with her "Invincible Armada" was
mistress of the ocean. Vail Trump and De Ruy-
ter, with the navy of the States-Greneral of Hol-
land, swept the British channel with a Liroom at
the masthead. The faithless and imbecile King
of England was waging a war upon the liberties
of his subjects, for the extension of his preroga-
tive. His throne was overturned, and his head
brought to the block; and the reins of Govern-
ment were placed in the hands of Oliver Cromwell.
He procured the passage of the English naviga-
tion laws, by virtue of which goods exported and
imported in British-built vessels, and manned by
British sailors, were relieved from the payment
of a part of the duties imposed upon goods ex-
ported or imported in foreign vessels. Laws were
passed to encourage the immigration of Flemish
artisans to England. The exportation of unman-
ufactured wool was prohibited. The dead were
required to be buried in woolen cloth. The im-
portation of woolen goods was prohibited. The
effect of this policy soon began to develop itself.
The imports and exports of England were soon
BiShtfftolizWl by EilglMi ship's, and the carrying
trade of other nations soon fell into their hands.
Her extended commercial marine soon furnished
a full supply of trained seamen to the royal navy.
The Spaniards and Dutch were soon driven from
the sea, and from that day to this, England has
reigned unquestioned mistress of the ocean. Her
manufactures have extended to the production of
every commodity which human skill and inge-
nuity can devise.. Herartisans supply every com-
modity which the, necessities or the luxuries of
the human family require.
England has become the great workshop of the
world. She imports the raw products of all other
nations, converts them into manufactured fabrics,
and sends them back again, enhanced in value a
hundred-fold by the labor of her artisans, to be
consumed by the producers of the raw material.
She has thus become the center of the commerce of
the whole civilized world. The balance of trade is
always in her favor. The whole world is in debt
to her. A bill of exchange on London will com-
mand a premium inSt. Petersburgh, in Calcutta,
in San Francisco, or in New York. In all the
elements of power which make a great and mighty
nation she has no equal, either in ancient or mod-
ern times. " On her dominions the sun never
sets, and her morning drum-beat is never still."
This unrivaled prosperity and power she owes
mainly to the wonderful genius of Oliver Crom-
well, and to the steady and uniform protection
which she has afforded to the industry of her
people, in all their industrial pursuits. All her
resources are fully developed, and actively and
profitably employed. " Wealth is power;" and
her capital has accumulated so immensely that
interest on money is reduced to a mere nominal
rate. She is a lender in all the money markets of
the world. A thirty years' war against France
by the combined Powers of Europe, was sus-
tained mainly by the never-failing resources of
the English Exchequer. Crowned heads bow
before her " merchant princes"—her Barings and
Rothchilds—for the " sinews of war," which are
indispensable to the support of their tottering
thrones. All history, both ancient and modern,
teaches the same lesson. Wherever the work-
shops of the world are, there will its commerce
center, and its capital concentrate. And the only
solid basis of national power and greatness is the
wealth, the accumulated capital, and the produc-
tive power and capacity of its people.
The public Treasury may be exhausted and
its resources reduced; but when the exigencies
of the State demand it, a rich, powerful, and
patriotic people are an inexhaustible source of
revenue.
On the other hand, all history proves that no
nation can be prosperous and powerful without
manufactures. A purely agricultural people, who
rely upon an exchange of their rude products with
other nations for the manufactured fabrics which
they consume, always has been, and always will
be, poor, feeble, and dependent. Half their labor
is thrown away in the transportation to distant
foreign markets of their cheap, heavy, and bulky
products.
In answer to these great practical lessons which
all history teaches us, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] quoted McCulloch's Polit-
ical Economy. Some leisure afternoon, when
we have nothing else to do, I should be very will-
ing to go into the discussion of the subject upon
purely scientific principles. But I should con-
sider it just as idle and as useless as it would be
to show upon scientific principles that vessels
propelled by steam can navigate the ocean. A
question that has been settled and determined by
the uniform and settled practice and history and
experience of the civilized world for two centu-
ries, cannot be successfully controverted by a
treatise on political economy.
But, as I have already said, there is no neces-
sity for discussing the question of " protection
for the sake of protection." No one proposes
any increase or change m tlTe tariff, except what
is imperatively demanded for the purposes of rev-
enue. And in making the change, we only ask
that the principle of discrimination for the sake of
protection, which has always been applied in
every tariff that has ever been passed, shall be
adhered to. We ask no more, and we will take
nb le'Ss tha'ri this.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HONi a, m. scales,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,.
In the House of Representatives, , - .t
February io, 1859. , n-v >'i
The House .being in the Committee of- the Whole oil the
state of the Union—; : uf
Mr. SCALES said: ; """
Mr. Chairman: The recent revulsion in the
commercial world, attended as it has been with
diminution of our trade, the depression of busi-
ness, and the falling off in the revenues, added to
the increased expenditures of a great, ttnd rapidljf;
expanding country, have become so'many'pre-
texts for-again raising the old clamor for high
protective tariffs and specific duties. The friends
of this system have depicted in the most gloomy
and dismal colors the, present condition of,the
country. They point us to the exhausted £ta'te
cf the Treasury; the insufficiency of the reyenuys
to meet the demands of the Government; the in-
crease of the public debt; the bankruptcy of' mer-
chants, the suspension of the manufactories'; the
sad and destitute condition of thousands of oper-
atives, without means, without work', and with-
out bread; in fine, to the death-like torpor which
has settled upon every class of business; aitd'Wiih
an air of triumph proclaim—these are the fruits
of ad valorem duties and a tariff for revenue.
Nor do they stop here; but, hurried on by a
blind zeal in behalf of the manufacturer, they
boldly avow that the protection of thisinterest is
and should be the paramount object with the Gov-
ernment, and that in this protection, afforded by
high duties, will also be found a remedy'forall the
other evils which have befallen us. Forgetful of
the great objects of the Government, the powers
delegated to it under the Constitution, and its duty
alike to all the different and diversified interests of
the country, they scruple not to declare th&t it is
the high duty of Congress to build up and sustain
the manufacturers, and to this end to imposie bur-
dens grievous to be borne upon all other occupa-
tions and'pursuits. I will not now, sir, under-
take an investigation of the variety of causes,
which combined have given rise to the recent re-
vulsion and all its attendant consequences.' Oth-
ers better qualified for the task, have preceded me
in this work. The President, in' his annual mes-
sage, and the Secretary of the'Treasury, in his
annual reports, both for 1857 and 1853, have ably
reviewed this whole subject, from which it will be
seen that whatever other causes may be assigned,
it certainly cannot be found either m the tariff of
1846, or that of 1857. TheSecretary hasgonemore
into detail in this matter, and as it is sufficient for
my purpose to show that there is no connection
between the present tariff and the revulsion, I will
content myself by giving a fewextracts from the
report on this particular head, which demonstrate
beyond controversy the truth of my position. I
quote from his last report, on page (J:
t: The revulsion was not confined to the United States, or
even to this continent. It swept over the world, and was felt
will) equal, perhaps greater, severity in other countries than
our own. These tesulis have beeen too universal to have
been bi ought about by a rcductio.i of about twenty percent,
upon the rates ol duty m the United States; being a reduc-
tion of about five per cent, upon our importations."
* * * "The foreign producer and manufacturer
have not been benefited by the reduction. At all events
they have not been preserved from the general calamity
which has come upon the producers and manuiucturers of
similar articles in our own country.
"The importations for the fiscal year ending June «ju,
1858, the fii!-t and only year ot the present tautr, amount to
§282,613,150, being $78,274,991 less than the importations
of the last year of the tariff of 1846."
But again, sir, lis shows that the opsr&tiofis of
the iron interest during the same period; and by-
reference to his table, it will be seen that tho
importations of iron and steel, of all kinds, for
the year ending 30th June, 1857, amounted to
<25,954,111. I" the year ending 30th June, 1858,
lfamounted to f 14,3:28,039, being a reduction of
$9,626,072. This reduction is accounted for in
part by the reduced price of the last year. But
then there is shown by the same table a large re-
duction m the amount of imported iron and all
"manufactures of iron.
Again, str, after appending a list of leading
