118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Scales.
Ho. of Reps.
articles in which there had been a decline of price,
the Secretary says:
" It occurred indifferently in articles imported in the most
trivial quantities and in the most largely imported; in articles,
the duty on which was unchanged and in those on winch
it was diminished."
Now, sir, the friends of protection allege that
the low duties of the tariff of 1857 increase our
importations, bring the foreign in competition
with the domestic article, diminish its value, and
thus militate against the interest of our home
manufactures. This is their argument. If, then,
as shown conclusively from these facts and fig-
ures, it be true that our importations have greatly
fallen off; if this is so, even in the importation of
iron; if there has been a decline in price of ar-
ticles, indifferently, whether imported in large
or small quantities; and lastly, if this financial
distress has swept over all nations; surely all will
admit, that the tariff is in no way responsible,
.and that the cause of the revulsion must be sought
somewhere else.
But, sir, it has been asserted here, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, the other day, made a
vain attempt to prove it, that the high protec-
tive system has gone hand in hand with the in-
crease, expansion, and general wealth of the
country, and that its history is the history of her
highest prosperity. Yam, indeed, must the at-
tempt prove to make this assertion good. It is in
direct antagonism witJi all reasoning on the sub-
ject, as well as with the truth of history. It con-
flicts with the plain principles of political econo-
my, as well as the practice of nations. Let us
refer to this history. It is no small or insignifi-
cant part of the history of the country. Being
within itself a question of the highest moment,
it has given rise to high debate, to fierce and bit-
ter political contest; and we shall, no doubt, learn
some useful lessons as to the operation of the
. different schemes which, from time to time, have
been adopted for raising revenue, their effects
upon trade and business,and the mannorof their
approval or repudiation by the American people.
The first tariff bill was passed in 1789. It will
be remembered that we had just passed through
the glorious yet long and bloody war of our inde-
pendence; that a heavy debt had accumulated
Upon our hands; that our resources had been crip-
pled; our credit exhausted; and our manufactures
just in their infancy. Here, then, were ciicum-
stances,if ever they can occur, which called loudly
for protection as the boasted panacea of all finan-
cial ills, and the only hope of the manufactures.
Yet, sir, by that act the wise men of that day,
animated by an equal and sinccrc regard for every
portion of the country, refused to build up one
interest at the expense of another; and hence, laid
a tariff solely for the purpose of raising a revenue.
They saw that the prosperity of the country de-
pended upon increasing our trade and building up
our commerce, and to this end they endeavored,
bo far as was practicable, to cut off all resuaints
and checks upon it, and well did the result prove
the wisdom of their policy. The highest rate of
ad valorem duty imposed by this tariff was only
fifteen per cent., and that only on one article.
"With this exception, the average rate ad valorem
did not exceed ten per centum.
By a reference to the debates on this tariff act,
it will be seen that the leading and primary object
of the statesmen of that day was revenue, and not
protection for protection sake. Northern and
southern men alike declared, that such duties, and
no more, should be levied, as would raise a suf-
ficiency of revenue; and that these duties ought
to be so levied as to bear as nearly equal as was
practicable upon all classes, and to effect them in
proportion to their amount of property. It is re-
freshing to compare the sentiments thus expressed
by men whose patriotism was broad enough to
take m the entire Union and all of its interests,
with the views and opinions of latter-day states-
men, whose political vision is hemmed in by the.
boundaries of their own State, and whose patriot-
ism seems to be confined to the same narrow
Jimits. Tins tai iff continued in existence for many
successive yeats, with afow slight modifications;
and 1 believe it was not until near the cluse of Mr.
Madison's administration that any ad valcncm
duty higher than twenty per cent, was levied,
in the year 1616, we may be baid to have inaugu-
rated, for the first time, the policy of protection
for protection sake; and here let me call the spe-
cial attention of those gentlemen who look .upon
protection as as sort of sine qua non in govern-
ment, to the sad condition of the country during
the operation of that tariff. Nor can I better do
this than by quoting the language of Mr. Clay,
in his great speech for protection in the year
1833. After stating the prosperity of the.country
up to that time, which I will do him the justice
to say he did not attribute to the low rates of
duty, he proceeds to describe the condition of the
country during the eight years of the tariff of
1816, and concludes as follows:
" In short, sir, if I were to select any term of seven years
since the adoption of the present Constitution, which ex-
hibited ascene ot (lie most wide-spread dismay and desola-
tion, it would be exactly the term of seven years winch
immediately preceded the establishment of the tatilf of
1824."
Having once ingrafted the protective system
upon our financial policy, it was strengthened and
extended by the act of 1824, and then again by
the act of 1828, when it reached the climax of its
insolent,unequal,and oppressive demands. Never
had there emanated from Congress a measure so
fraught with mischief, so unequal and unjust. It
was justly styled the bill of abominations. The
people felt its burdens. The agricultural interest
groaned especially under its oppression; and out
of thia tariff act grew a fierce and bitter struggle,
which is without a parallel in our political history,
and which I am sure no patriot would like to see
revived.
For a time the storm raged with a bitterness
and fury which acknowledged no barrier or check,
and defied all consequences. A sovereign State
was driven to the very borders of desperation.
The Union was rocked to its center, and well nigh
did we approach that dark and dismal abyss of
dissolution, anarchy, and civil war, which threat-
ened to involve, in one common ruin, the Union,
the States, and with them the cause of civil and
religious liberty.
Fortunately for mankind, the good genius which
presides over the destinies of this country ruled
the storm, calmed the troubled waters,and "bade
the raging tumult cease." Wise counsels pie-
vailcd, and a compromise was effected. This was
entered into in 1833. By that compromise, it was
agreed that protection should continue for eight
years, subject, however, to an annual graduated
reduction, until the expiration of the time, after
which, as it was alleged, the manufacturers having
succecded in placing themselves on a permanent
footing, could very well afford to be generous, and
give m their adhesion to a tariff upon strictly
revenue principles. Such was the memorable
contest, and such was the sacred compact which
drove back the tide ofdisunion and again shed the
sunlight of peace and amity over our irlorious and
blood-bought Union—a llnion which can defy
the Lowers of earth, and which no unhallowed
hand dare ever profane so long as, true to itself, to
its constitutional powers, and the protection of all
alike, it does but aim at and accomplish the great
objecis of its foundation.
Will any one say, dare any one assert, that in
all this there were no wrongs, no buidens, no
grievances? Shall I*be told that your manufac-
tures flourished,that the revenues increased, and
be asked to take this as an evidence of the prosper-
ity of the country during the operation of these
high tariff acts? 1 answer, as the South and West
might have answered: " Your manufactures have
flourished, but at our expense; your revenues
for a time increased, but we paid the tax. It is
true, a beneficent Providence smiled upon our la-
bors and crowned them with abundant fruits; yet
our cotton, our breadstuff's, our tobacco,and other
products, were made subservient to the purposes
of the manufactures. Our money was absorbed
in the enhanced price of the protected yet neces-
sary article. It wjis your profit; but not unfrc-
quently drawn from our necessities. We were
neglected—ay, more, oppressed by Government.
You were pampered and fed by its bounty. Your
cities increased in population, wealth, and com-
merce, and ours, like conquered provinces, were
made tributary to yourgiuatness." In thn com-
promise, it will be observed that there were mu-
tual concessions.
The friends of protection secured, for the pres-
ent, their policy, upon condition that,at the expi-
ration of eight years, it should be abandoned.
This, sir, with them, was a dying struggle. The
then recentelections showed that their days were
numbered. The people had spoken; and their
voice was not to be disregarded. Hence, they
sought not to save, but protract its existence.
Mr. Clay, the great father and champion of pro-
tection, saw its extremity, and, with a paternal
anxiety, had piessed the compromise, as the only
means of prolonging life. He says:
" How can this system be maintained against numbers,
against the whole weight of the Administration, against the
united South, and against the increased imperidingdangers
of civil war r"
Hear him again at the same time, when he more
fully expresses his purpose and the objects of the
compromise:
Js Now, give us time; cease all fluctuations and agitations
for nine years, and the manufaetm era will sustain them-
selves against all foreign competition. I am anxious to find
out some principle of mutual accommodation, to satisfy, as
far as practicable, botli parties ; to increase tho stability of
legislation, and, at «ome future day, but not too distant,
when we take into view the magnitude of the interests in-
volved, to bring down the rate of dutiea to the revenue
standaid, for which our opponents have so long contended-"
How, sir,was this compromise kept? Most faith-
fully, on the part of those opposed to protection,
for eight long years; but when the time expired,
and they were to reap the fruits of their contract,
thus faithfully performed on their part, the pro-
tectionists (and some of them the very men who,
eight years before, had pledged themselves to the
compromise) repudiated their part of it. The
manufacturers of the North, wielding, from their
position of wealth and power, an influence which
always secured for them a large party in the
country, disregarding this sacred compact, de-
termined not to give up this source of their
wealth and affluence without still another strug-
gle; and hence, in 1842, the earliest opportunity
that presented itself after the expiration of the
eight years, another tariff act was passed, which,
though not quite so odious, was, nevertheless,
unequal and oppressive. This was, however,
destined to but a short reign. The people again
spoke, and that, too, upon this very question, it
having been made one of the principal issues in
the canvaws of 1844. The protective policy was
again repudiated; and m 1846 a tariff for revenue,
and exclusively upon the ad valorem principle,
was passed. The old Whig party, that had clung
so long and with such tenacity to this protective
system, had grown weaker, and more and more
divided in every contest, had at last yielded to
its inevitable uestiny, which followed a few years
afterwards, and ended m its entire dissolution.
From 184G to 1857, that tariff remained, with bo
variation in principle. And yet, sir, at no time
in the history of the country, did all classes of
its citizens enjoy a higher degree of prosperity
than during that period. For several years of
the time we were engaged in an expensive for-
eign war; appropriated millions of dollars in the
acquisition of territory and in negotiating peace.
Yet, sir, the prosperity of the country, from
Maine to Louisiana, was almost without exam-
ple. Our commerce was extended; our manufac-
turers were not only sustained, but even increased
in number and wealth. All the demands of the
public Treasury were met; and, for the last four
years of the operation of that tariff, we not only
succeeded m paying upwards of fifty-seven mil-
lion dollars of the public debt, but left, at the end
of Mr. Pierce's administration, a.surplus in the
Treasury of $19,901,325 45. I have thus, sir, given
a brief histoiy of the tariff since the foundation of
the Government. I challenge a further compar-
ison as to the merits of the two systems.
Let us take the operation of the tariff of 1842,
and the first four years of the tariff of 184G. I
have selected this as furnishing the best and fair-
est test, inasmuch as, coming the one immediate-
ly after the other, little or no allowance need be
made for the expansion and growth of the coun-
try; and even if such allowance should be made,
it will be more than counterbalanced by the Mexi-
can war, begun and carried on during Mr. Polk's
administration, and the effect of which was to re-
duce production and to check our commerce and
the extension of trade. For the year ending the
30th June, 1843, the domestic exports amounted
to $77,703,783; for 1847, the first year of the tariff
