740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
ston of the board of assessors, the requisites of
the treaty could not be complied with, and yet
the parties were entitled to compensation as was
determined by the previous adjudication of the
commissioners; and these claimants now stand
irj this condition: they are decided to have a
right to compensation, but the Government of the
United States determined the commission of the
men to whom was intrusted the right of valuing
and deciding the extent of compensation, before
they completed their duties. This is proposed
to supply that deficiency. That is the whole
question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Maine that in rising the v/ord " confusion"
1 may riot have been vei y definite. If I had ex-
plained what I meant, I should have said this
went to the House of Representatives, and I made
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means about it, and he told me that
they had no papers, no evidence before them;
they had no time to look into the law, and were
therefore obliged to reject it. You know, sir,and
I know, from the manner in which a committee
of conference act when they have one hundred
or two hundred amendments before them, and
but two or three hours m which to act upon them,
the action may be very well described as most
confused. The Senator from Maine says we are
hurrying this matter up wrthout sufficient exam-
ination. Not at all. In 1854, Congress directed
it to be paid in the Indian bill; but H was not
dgne. In 1855, it was again directed, in the twen-
ty-fourth section of the civil and diplomatic act,
expressly to be paid. At the last session the Sen-
ate placed it on the appropriation bill. Now, I
submit that there can be no appearance of haste
or a waste of time to examine it. You have a
plain law passed, in as strong terms as can be
made, directing thi* payment; but there wfts no
money to do it. It seems to me it stands on just
as good a footing as the law directing the Presi-
dent's salary or our salaries to be paid, and there
is the same reason for making the appropriation.
Mr. BELL. My only apology for saying a
word on this subject is, that I find, on looking at
the papers, that there is a Tennesseean, as well as
a Georgian and a North Carolinian, interested in
this proposition. My attention had been drawn
to it before; but I was willing to leave the dis-
cussion and statement of the rase to the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affaire, and to the
Senatorfrom North Carolina. The Senator from
Virginia thinks it very strange that there 1ms been
no estimate; thai we have no opinion from the
Department, except one that appears to be hastily
formed. The Senator from Maine thinks there
Was some allegation of fraud when this question
arose in a committee of coufcrcnce; and that there-
fore the claim was not paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said the impression was
that there was no foundation for it; and thatithad
been rejected by the proper officers.
Mr. BELL. The clause of the civil and diplo-
matic bill referred to by the Senator from North
Carolina does, in substance and effect, contain an
adjudication of the validity of these claims. They
have been in the Indian Oiltce for four or five
years—at all events, since 1854. The two pro-
visions quoted by the Senator from North Caro-
lina have been passed since. My interpretation
of those acts is that they recognize the validity of
the claims. The proposition i* to carry out the
twenty-fourth section of the civil and diplomatic
act of March 3, 1855, " by paying claims on file,
ordered to be assessed by Messrs. Upton and Sum-
mey, and Washington and Mason, commission-
ers under the Cherokee treaty of 1835;" claims
'•ordered to be assessed" by them. That was
the only objection, as I understand,ever raisedm
the question, that that commission was dissolved
after the order of assessment and after the valua-
tion was returned, but before the award or decree
for payment was issued upon these assessments,
and?* these clauses of acts have been passed to
remedy the injury inflicted upon the thiee remain-
ing claimants, or whatever may be their number,
who did not get their claims adjudicated during
the existence of the commission, before it was
dissolved by the President, who dissolved it when
it had not finished its work.
Now, I think the validity of the claims Is fully
admitted, and they have been in the office ever
since. Do you suppose the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs does not know what they are ? I
am told by every person who has any acquaint-
ance with General Denver's official conduct during
the period of his administration of the qffice, that
all have undoubted confidence in his integrity, his
intelligence, and his disposition to do his whole
duty. Here is what is said to be a hasty opinion
expressed by him, and we are asked to infer that
it was done in haste, because he said he had but
little time; but the presumption is, that the cir-
cumstances of the case were known to him, that
his proper subordinate officers presented the facts
to him; and what are they? Here are three
claims, I believe—I have not/- the estimate before
me—remaining unpaid, which stand in similar
circumstances of equity and justice to those that
have been paid, and he says that in order to place
them upon a footing of justice and equality with
those that have been paid, this appropriation
ought to be made. Have we not, then, the ap-
proval of the office m favor not only of the le-
gality and justice, but the fairness of this claim ?
There are thr£e parties who claim the benefit of
certain provisions in the treaty of 1835, with the
Cherokee Indians, by which they were secured,
and further secured by the treaty of 1845-46, in
the benefit of a reservation to each of them; one
perhaps for improvements, another for lands, and
a third perhaps for improvements. One of them
—the case which has been brought to my notice
—was for a loss of land. They have never had
the benefit of these reservations; they have never
had the benefit of the stipulations of the treaty
guarantying them to them. They have never had
the measure of justice stipulated by the United
States in the last treaty of 1845-46, carried out.
1 call the attention of the Senator* from Vir-
ginia to the fact, that these constitute the sole
remnant of all the numerous complications and
claims that have existed in the relates of the
Cherokces and the United States—three of a nu-
merous class of reservecs and claimants for im-
provements, or for lands, who have been defeated
m their rights in tiying to hold these lands, or
getting any indemnity for them from the United
States. There arc only three remaining; and I
think we have ample proof before us in the state-
ment which has been road by the Senator from
Arkansas, and which T hold in my hand, that the
Department say they cannot discriminate between
these cases and the other cajps, but they are in-
cluded as well as those who have been paid under
the express language of the act of 1855, which
provided that they should all be paid, not only
those upon which there were awards by the
board of commissioners, but those which were
ordered to be assessed. That is implied in the
language of the twenty-fourth section of the civil
and diplomatic bill of 1855, which has been re-
ferred to. if these are not equitably and justly en-
titled to be paid, then those who have already been
paid were not entitled; and shall wc now throw
these other claimants over, after this adjudication
by Congress,after this recognition bylaw? Will
you postpone these three claimants, and refer
them cither to the Court of Claims or to the un-
certain chances, as to time particularly, when
they could get them allowed by a separate bill?
It is the, carrying out of an express law. I think
the rejection of this amendment would be more
than a rigorous application of any rule either of
propriety or of caution, m a case of this sort,
when we have the approval of the Department
and their admission that these claims are just,
and ought to be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say, in regard to the
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
that if he had had time to examine the subject
thoroughly, there is no man in whoeo opinion I
would confide moio implicitly: but here was a
letter, as he says, sent to him et a Lite hour of the
evening, and ho was to reply at once, If the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who is familiar with all this
class of eases, had returned such an answer, I
should be fully satisfied. I do not recollect all the
facte of the case; but I have an impression that
tln-re has been some adverse decision, or an ex-
preasion of opinion on the part of the Department
that these men were not. entitled to relief; and for
that reason I am unwilling to see the claim go upon
an appropriation bill. If the Committee on Indian
Affairs will ascertain that the case is a good one,
and that it has riot been decided against by the
Department, or if decided against, that the De-
partment was wrong, and will introduce a sep-
arate bill, I shall go with them; but I cannot with
my present impressions of the claim, agree te vote
for it on this bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I can only say that this
matter was before the Department at the last ses-
sion, and I know of no adverse decision, and I
presume the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, the Senator from Arkansas, would have
been likely to know it.
Mr. HUNTER. Why have we no recommend-
ation from the Department?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know why. It
may be, and probably is, because they have a
great deal of other business, and this is a matter
of comparatively small importance. I know there
was an effort made to get an estimate two or three
weeks ago; but it has been delayed from time to
time.
I will say here, that the reason why these claims
were not paid out under the original treaty, was
that they were cases where certificates had not
been issued. President Tyler removed the com-
missioners after they had made awards in favor
of the claimants, after the amounts had been as-
sessed, and the valuations returned, but before the
certificates had been issued; and they were not
payable at the Treasury. Then these other laws
were passed directing the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to take evidence, and ascertain the amount
really due, and allow it, and this case stands in
the office in that way. The appropriation ougin-
ally made, was not applied by Mr. Manypenny,
in 1854, from some cause or other; I do not know
what; he declined to pay these claims. He and
I were not on such terms that I could speak to
him at all; for we differed materially. It went
over, and the fund lapsed, and there is now a ne-
cessity for a reappropriation, to carry out what
these two acts of Congress recognized as fight.
If there has ever been an adverse decision, or an
obstacle thrown irvthe way, by the Indian Office,
or the Secretary of the Interior, I have not heard
ofit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like an expla-
nation from the gentleman, why he does not pro-
pose this amendment m the exact terms of the act
of 1855?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I did not draw the amend-
ment; the Senator from Arkansas drew it; but if
there is any difficulty about its terms, let it follow
those of the act of 1855. I have not even read
over the particular form now given to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inquiring merely
for information; but I understand that the diffi-
culty alleged about this fund is that it was not
paid, although covered by the terms of that pro-
vision of 1855; and the amount has lapsed. That
is the difficulty.
Mr. CLINGMAN. An earlier appropriation,
which is referred to, did lapse; but m the act of
1855 there was no- appropriation at all. There
had been a previous appropriation, which had
failed, and it was reappropriated; and that, as I
stated at first, was exhausted in paying some of
the claims; but the act of 1855 makes no appro-
priation at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was not the Secretary
directed to pay by the act of 1855 ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will read it again:
"That the tenth section of the act 'making appropria-
tion for the cm rent and conunzent expenses of the Indian
De{Minnent,an<l fot luifilhtifl^reaty stipulations with vari-
ous hnlmn tubes.5 approved July 31, 1S54, be earned into
t'fteetby paying the valuations a>ccrtauied and repotted by
Me--if. Upton and Surnmpy and oilier official assessors"—
Upton and Summey were the assessors who as-
certained the value of the pioperty.
—aa  onleied by tin' coimnit-aioners under the Cherokee
ttfiuy of 1S35 and with interest on said valuations, re-
spectively, irom the date of the said commissioners'outers
for a-^tsment; and that the Secretary of the Interior he
futther dnectod' to fi!i the blanks in sueh awards as are on
Ins hies with such amounts, lespectively, a  may be estab-
lished by proof of value satisfactory to him, and pay the
same."
This seems to be very definite and precise. The
commissioners, Eaton and Hubley, at firsthand
Washington and Mason afterwards, appointed
assessors to value the land. If Eaton and Hub-
ley had given certificates upon the awards, the
money would have been paid on their certificates,
but they were removed before they granted cer-
tificates; but after the awards had been made, and
consequently further legislation was necessary.
Mr, FESSENDEN. It appears now, very
