:,n
120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The. Tariff—Mr. Scales.
Ho. of Reps.
"wouldgive them; and this, together with the costs
and charges of transportation of the foreign article,
should enable them to compete with the nations"
of the'world. 'And if it does not, it is an evidence
that they are not adapted to our soil, and that, in
a commercial computation, they cost more than
they dome>to. The nation cannot afford to pay
bo much for the glorious privilege of being thus
independent. But I say to the manufacturers, you
can do it. You have done it in the past; you can
do in the future. The facts and. figures I have
already presented show that you have grown in
wealth and numbers until, scorning the protection
Which a duty would give you in the home market,
you have launched your bark-upon the broad
ocean of trade, exported your fabrics and your
iron to the markets of the world, bringing them
into contest with similar articles, and defying all
competition. This you have done with protection,
and still more extensively without it, naving the
proud consciousness that no unjust extortions
contributed to your success, and that you were
dependent for it alone upon your superior skill,
native energy, and industry.
These are resources that will never fail you;
they are the gifts of Heaven, and no legislative
act should, or will, fetter or cramp them. You
arc thus rendered permanent and secure; not tossed
to and fro by the ever-changing winds of legisla-
tion, granting you protection to-day, and to-mor-
row leaving you to your own resources. All sec-
tions and classes will be thus placed on an equal
footing; our Government made to accomplish its
chief end, affording protection to all, special fa-
vors to none. Energy and capital are left free to
employ themselves in the most profitable chan-
nels of trade, which they are as sure to find as
water does its level, and the needle the pole. In
this consists our true wealth; in this our inde-
pendence; for though it may sometimes happen
that we can for the want of adaptation in soil, on
account of climate, price of labor, or any other
cause, purchase an article cheaper than wo can
make or raise it, and to this extent mustand should
depend upon other nations, yet, sir, from the fer-
tility of our soil, the variety of our climate, em-
bracing nearly all the degrees of heat and cold; in
short, with all our untold mineral, agricultural,
and manufacturing wealth, and the skill and en-
ergy of our people left unfettered and free to de-
velop them, we may not only hope, if united, to
preserve all the essential elements of our own
independence, but become the chief dependence
of other nations; not only to reach a point in
prosperity, power, and true greatness, beyond
the highest conception of any living statesman,
but in carrying Gut our great mission we can and
■will receive the down trodden subject of tyranny
to our shores, and with our brcauamtTs feed the
hungry, and with our cotton clothe the naked of
the world.
Again, sir, it is urged that we should not only
increase the present tariff, but that we should re-
turn to specific duties. It is said tluit it is the
only mode by which we can prevent frauds upon
the revenues. Now, ku-, if this were true, still it
would be entitled to but little weight, unless it
could be clearly shown that the advantages thus
derived were of more importance, and therefore
to be more regarded, than the wrongs and injus-
tice inflicted upon the tax-payer by a system of
specific duties.
A specific duty, as I understand it, is one that is
levied upon a given class of articles, without re-
gard to valuation. Forexample: we will suppose
a quantity of broadcloths imported into the Uni-
ted States which were of different values, and
ranging, according to quality, from one to ten
dollars per yard: a duty of one dollar per yard
is levied upon the whole; so that the cloth at ten
dollars would have to pay as much as, and no
more than, the article at ten dollars per yard.
From this it will be seen that were we, in rais-
ing revenues, to confine ourselves to specific du-
ties, it would operate very unequally and unjustly
upon the consumer. The poor man who, for
want of meansj was forced to content himself with
cloth at one dollar per yard, would pay a tax to
the Government of one hundred per cent.; while
he who had the ability to purchase the highest-
priced article, would pay a duty of only ten per
cent. It is universally conceded,that in layinga
direct tax upon the people, it should be laid in
proportion to the value of property; and no man
would dare assert before the people, that the man
who owned a. small tract of land worth $500,
should pay as much tax upon it as he who had
one worth $5,000,000. He would not do it be-
cause, in the first place, it would be wholly im-
practicable, as the tax might reach a point so as
to render the poor man utterly unable to pay it;
and in the next place he would not do it,because
it would be obviously unjust and oppressive.
Now, sir, in laying imports, which are but a
substitute for dircct taxes, and which are, and
must be, paid by the consumer, I suppose it will
not be denied, they ought to be so levied as to
approximate, as nearly as possible, this univers-
ally admitted principle in direct taxation. If,
then, this be so, it is in direct violation of this
principle to levy a specific upon articles without
regard to quality or value; to require him who is
only able to purchase an article of small value,
to pay the same tax to the Government, as he
who, with more means, was able and thought
proper to buy an article of the highest price and
best quality; in short, to require the man who
has a tract of land worth only $500, to pay just
as much as his more wealthy neighbor, with a
tract worth $5,000.
To avoid this, and to apply the principle as
just laid down, of taxation in proportion to prop-
erty, the Democratic party has inaugurated the
present policy of an ad valorem tariff, which levies
the tax in proportion to the value of the article;
so that the lower the goods the lower will be the
tax.
But there are others who advocate specific du-
ties to a limited extent; they would confine them
to such articles as are usually sold by measure or
weight, and which are equal, or nearly equal, in
value; and they urge this, as has been already
said, as the best mode of securing the revenues
against fraudulent and false invoices. It is diffi-
cult to conceive of a given class of articles which
are all of the same quality, and therefore equal in
value; and even if it were so, the argument upon
which this change is based, as to false invoices,
would equally apply to all other classes of-arti-
cles; and, though confined now, would prove but
the entering wedge for an exclusive system of
specific duties. But, sir, it is not true that specific
duties arc the only security against fraudulent
and false invoices. It is too late in the day to as-
sert this; the Secretary of the Treasury shows
that the restrictions thrown around the collection
of the revenues, under the present system, are
ample protection against frauds; and if they have
occurred the ad valorem system is not responsible.
Besides, sir, the working of the present tariff, for
upwards of ten yeats, should be, and is, a suffi-
cient answer to this argument.
The next question that claims our attention is
the present tariff. It is urged by many who are
opposed to both protection and specific duties,
that there exists a present necessity for its revisal
and increase. The Secretary of the Treasury, in
his roport to Congress, estimates that the total
deficit in the Treasury for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1860, will amount to &7,914,576.
This sum, as the Secretary vei y properly lemarkf,
should be provided for in some way, either by an
increase of the tariff, or by cutting down the ex-
penditures. Here the alternative is presented; and
the question as to whicl* course we shall adopt,
becomes of serious moment to our constituents,
and demands at our hands the most serious and
earnest consideration. It is a question of raising
the taxes upon the people, of increasing their bur-
dens; and while under all circumstances it would
be one of deep interest, yet at a time like this,
when the country is just recovering,from the ef-
fects of the lato disastrous revulsion, it becomes
one of special interest and importance.
Is there, then, a necessity for this increase?
Has the present tariff been fairly tested ? Can any
one say that it may not yet meet all the require-
ments of the Government ? It has been in ope-
ration only since the 1st of July, 1857, and during
this time has had to encounter all the sad effects
of the revulsion. Business of all kinds has bten
greatly depressed; our trade has been crippled;
our importations have fallen off; and, as a mat-
ter of course, our receipts from custom's have di-
minished. Under circumstances like these, any
tariff would have failed, and a high tariff more
likely than a low one. Then, sir, this tariff has
not been fairly tested. The Secretary admits this..
The people will ask, and well may it be as-died,
why should we seek to impose other burdens be-
fore the necessity really occurs? The revulsion
is now fast passing away. Trade everywhere is
reviving; a new life and energy seems to be in-
fusing itself into all classes of business. Our im-
portations have already increased, and are still
rapidly increasing. For the months of October
and November in 1858, the receipts from customs
at the single port of New York have exceeded
those for the same month during the year 1857,
by nearly two million dollars. Will not these re-
ceipts still continue to increase, and may we not
calculate that when the effects of the revulsion have
passed quite away, the pre&ent tariff will yield an
abundance of revenue to meet all the necessary
expenditures of the Government?
If, however, we should be mistaken in all this,
we have still the alternative presented of reducing
the expenditures. 1 am pleased that the Secretary
has thus presented it. I am gratified that the re-
sponsibility is placed ou Congress. On all sides,
we have the cry of retrenchment and reform. The
appropriation bills are before the House; and we,
who are ever ready to cry " reform," will have an
opportunity of testing our sincerity. The expend-
itures of the Government have increased year after
year, until they now reach the large sum of over
seventy-two million dollars. This increase, to a
very considerable extent, is owing to the rapid
expansion of our country, and to the unusual and
extraordinai y demands upon the Treasury for the
last two years.
But, sir, after allowing all duo credits on ac-
count of the expansion of our country, still there
is room enough for retrenchment and reform, and
to such an extent as, with the increased duties of
the tariff, will not only meet all the demands of
the Government,but leave us m the Treasury an
amount sufficient to meet all contingencies which
may arise. At a time like this, when our expenses
are exceeding the tevenues, there aie many out-
lays of money which should be cut off, that at
another time, when the Treasury is full, might be
altogether proper. Nor, sir, should we overlook
small matters. I know there are some gentlemen
who are disposed to sneerat,and treat as unwor-
thy a statesman of liberal and enlarged views, a
reform or a icduction which is small within itself.
But, sir, the ocean is made up of drops; a century,
of moments; and I doubt not that, even in small
matters, we might make such a reduction m all
the varied and multiplied objects of expenditure,
as in the end would amount to millions of dollars.
Besides, I must confess, that I have no sympathy
with such statesmen as would disregard and over-
look an abuse and waste of the public money
because it was small. We are the sworn agents
of the people, and have no authority, legal or
moral, to expend one dollar—no, sir, not even
on*-1 dollar more than is necessary.
Let me notbe misundeistuod. 1 would notsore-
trench as tu injure in any degree the public service;
on the contrary, I am willing and will, vote to
make liberal appropiiations to every branch of the
service,and for any necessary purpose of the Gov-
ernment. I agree with the President that it is not
always true economy to withhold supplies; but
we should discriminate properly as to the objects,
and apply the money sacredly to such as are
necessary and legitimate. Economy, a rigid sys-
tem of economy, in the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, I have ever regarded as one of the highest
and mostimportant duties of a Representative. It
is essential to our prosperity as a nation. It in-
spires the people with confidence in the Federal
Union, and is a guarantee against corruption,
waste, and oppressive taxation. On the other
hand, reckless extravagance and a useless waste
of the public money has a corrupting and de-
moralizing tendency. It increases Executive pat-
ronage; gives to the national Legislature undue
power and influence; tends to consolidation; weak-
ens the confidence of the people and the bonds
which hold together the Union; and, if suffered to
go unchecked, will most assuredly work out the
destruction of the Republic. It was not the Goths
and VanUals that destroyed Rfrme; nor was it
