1859.]
APPENPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.131
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of
the man of Macedonia who overthrew the insti-
tutions of Greece. They but completed what
had been already begun at home, by their extrav-
agance, their corruptions, and their dissensions.
He who wasted most of the public money in cor-
rupting the people, became the chief man in the
republic. Public virtue was corrupted, and ex-
isted only in name. Public faith was wholly dis-
regarded. (( Romans betrayed Rome; the legions
were bought and sold; and this great republic, jj
thus weakened, thus prostituted, became an easy j.
prey to the destroyer." Let us, sir, learn lessons •'
of wisdom from the past. Let us take warning
from their example, and avoid the rock upon .
which they split, or expect to meet their fate. ij
Mr. Chairman, I solemnly aver, here in my 1
place to-day, that, if this Union is to be destroyed; ;
if the members "are to be unnaturally and ruth- 1
lessly torn from the body; if anarchy and eonfu- ]
sion are to take the place of law and order; liberty |j
to be supplanted by oppression and tyranny, and ]'
this great Republic,greater than Greece or Rome, j
is to become what Rome now is, it will be our own ;
doing. And history will record the charge to our ii
infamy that," thou, even thou, hast destroyed thy-
self." And I with equal solemnity declare thar, in ;i
my opinion, in this as well as all other republican ij
Governments, one of the greatest dangers to be ;
guarded against is the corruption which, spring- j
ing up in the very heart of the Government, dif- j
fuses itself like a deadly poison through all the j
members and arteries of the Government, until ]
the whole body politic is diseased.
I know, sir, this is attaching great importance
to the subject of our expenditures,butnotgreater
than what is due, or greater than the truth of his-
tory will justify. Permit me to call the attention
of the House to an extract from one of Mr. Jef-
ferson's messages, in reference to economy. It
breathes the spirit of purity and patriotism, and
will apply to us with equal, if not greater, force
and propriety:
" Considering the general tendency to multiply offices
and dependencies, to increase expense* to the ultimate term
of burden wllieh the citizen can bear, it behooves n- to
avail osm-elves of every occasion which presents itself for
taking off the surcharge, that it may never be seen here, that
after leaving to labor tlie smallest portion of its earnings
on which it can subsist, Government shall itr-elt consume
the residue of what it was intended to guard."
If there was this tendency to extravagance dur-
ing Mr. Jefferson's administration—the purest
and brightest period of our history—which called
forth* from him such earnest icmonstrance and
such unceasing vigilance, how much more are we
called upon at the present time, when the ex-
penditures are greatly increased, and the oppor-
tunities for extravagance have greatly multiplied,
to watch with sleepless vigilance the Treasury,
to investigate well the appropriations, and lop off
every dollar which can be shown to be unne-
cessary? I have been much gratified, sir, to know
that the President is with us in this reform. He
is a statesman of the Jeffersonian school, and of
large experience. He has grown up with the
Republic, whose age scarcely exceeds his own;
and, in showing his appreciation of the subject,
has not only invited us to a rigid scrutiny into
all the Departments, but promised us his best
aid. Let us hear him. After exhorting Congress
to the practice of the most rigid economy, he
"The objects of expenditure should be limited in num-
ber, as far as this may be practicable; and Hie appropna-
tions nccessaiy to carry them into effect ought to be dis-
bursed under tile strictest accountability."
Again, sir, he says:
" I invite Congress to institute a rigid scrutiny to ascer-
tain wliuthPi the expeosp^s in all Department* cannot
be still further reduced ; and 1 promise them all the aid m
my power in pursuing the inve.-.iigauon.'5
Then, sir, with the President with us, with the
cry on every side that there must be retrench-
ment, shall we not commence the work, and rid
the Government of many abuses which have been
foi years growing up, and which can only live by
the sanction of Congress?
But, sir, it will be asked, where we shall com-
mence > What shall we cut down ? I answer,
commence with those appropriations for which
Congress is alone responsible; those large and ex-
traordinary demands upon the Treasury which
have robbed it of its substance) and added so much
to make up the large amount of the public ex-
penditures. Enter, with a bold and fearless step, j
the wide and undefined boundary of yourcontin- 1
gent fund, which of late years has increased so
much; explore the almost boundless field of ap-
propriations for claims, where so many greedy,
hungry,and fraudulent claimants and their agents
find pasture, and roll in the riches which .negli-
gence and extravagance on your part have thrown
in a reckless profusion around them. Look to
your printing; your exploring expeditions; your
coast surveys; your employes ana their salaries;
your French spoliation bill, involving an appro-
priation of millions of dollars; the homestead bill;
and lastly, by way of testing our sincetity, our
franking privilege, ou:- mileage, and our salaries.
Let us investigate all these. Let us prune with
an unsparing hand; and when we get through we
will exhibit to the public, an important work of
reformation, and a saving to the Government of
millions of dollars. After this, we willthen enter
the Departments, and where ever there is an abuse,
lop it off. Wherever there is a dollar unnecessa-
rily spent, save it to the Treasury. Much can
be done, even here; but I cannot go so much into
detail. We have our committees, whoaie better
posted up on these subjects; they will aid us in
making such reforms as will not injure the public
service.
The receipts from the present tariff, during the
next fiscal year, will amount, according to the es-
timates of the Treasurer, to about fifty-six mil-
lion dollars; which, together with the receipts from
public lands and miscellaneous sources, will make
the sum of $61,000,000. This ought to be suf-
ficient, and, if properly and economically used,
will be sufficient for all the purposes of the Gov-
ernment.  
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. STEPHENS,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 12, 1859.
The House having under consideration the bill providing
for the admission of Oregon—
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not know that I can say
anything that will add force to the argument al-
ready made in behalf of the admission of Oregon.
It is my purpose, however, to contribute what
1 can to that end. And if I fail in my wish, it
will be because my ability is not equal to my zeal.
Apart from considerations of public duty and jus-
tice to the people claiming this admission, there
is another consideration which enlists my entire
energies for the bill; that, sir, is the opportunity
it affords me, as a southern man, and one acting
with the Democratic party, to show the ground-
lessness of the charge made last year, that we
were in favor of putting one rule to a State ap-
plying with a slave-State constitution, and an-
other'and a more rigorous rule to a free-State ap-
plication; that we required a larger population
for the admission of a State not tolerating African
slavery, than one permitting and allowing it. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who has
just taken his seat-, has reasserted that charge, in
substance. Sir, I repudiated it when it was first
made, and I repudiate it now. The position of
Kansas and that of Oregon are totally dissimilar;
and whatever consideration of duty, looking to
the peace and quiet of that country, as well as
the general welfare, may have induced me and
others, to put the population restriction upon any
future application from Kansas, like considera-
tions of duty, of a higher character, acting as we
now are under existing obligations which we can-
not ignore, forbid that the same representative
ratio rule should be extended to Oregon. As I
stated in my opening remarks, under existing
compacts, under ex'snng laws affiimmg and ex-
tending what all legarcled as a most solemn com-
pact, the ordinance of 1787, it is, in my judgment,
a high obligation to admit Oregon so soon as she
has sixty thousand inhabitants.
Now, sir, before going into that, I wish to re-
ply to the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
who has just taken liia seat. If I understand him,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, -[Mi;.
Gooch,] who asked that significant, question «f
the Delegate from Oregon and Senator eliwsbow
he would vote in'the Senate,o,n tlte repeal of' the
population clause in the Kansas bill of last ses-
sion? both of therij would' be witfini* to vote for
the admission of Oregon, provided th'fttrepreSent?-
ative ratio required of Kansas should be repealed.
They occupy this strange position: because' lii'e
Democratic party did Kansas at the-iasysession,
as they .assume, a wrong, they will, dq'Or'e'g^na
like wrong at this session, by way of retaliation.
Mr. STANTOiN. The gentleman misunder-
stands me.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot bp in-
terrupted. I have heard the gentleman's argu-
ment; so has the House; and the gentleman-ami
the House will hear mine. Let them Stand to-
gether. I understand the minority of the Com-
mittee on Territories, with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] at their head, signify
a like willingness.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I stated distinctly that
I would never go for the clause of the constitu-
tion 1 have indicated. . ; .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do not intet-
rupt me. 1 state the gentleman's position as it ap-
pears in his minority report. Tfie otily'thjngj/e
complains of in it is the discrimination, as'he edits
it, in the Kansas conference bill. The only amend-
ment he proposes to this bill is a. repeul of tfcat.
Not a word in his report against the obnoxious
clause in the Oregon constitution against negro
equality. That lie passes over, and evidently
seems to rest his entire opposition to this bill to
the existing law in reference to Kansas. Wh&t
has brought " this change over the spirit of his
dream" I d" not know. 1 am glad, however, to
see that there is a number of the .other side' aetd-
ated by a more liberal, a juster, and a more mag-
nanimous sentiment. They cannot see the logic,
or the moral of the position of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania; that because, in his assumption,
this side of*the House did wrong last session,
therefore lie will do wrong this. To the majority
on that side,afcting with the gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania, I would put the question, how can two
wrongs make a right? If it were granted that in-
justice was done Kansas, how can that bp righted
by repeating it towards Oregon ? That sideof the
House will permit me to tell them, that by their
votes to-day they will spike every* gun they
hatfe fired against the Democratic party for then-
alleged injustice done to Kansas. 'If the Demo-
cratic party did wrong to Kansas, (but 1 shall
show that the cases are totally dissimilar,) the
Republican party seems disposed to-day to follow
suit, and do the same wrong they complain of to
Oregon. If they are sincere in their belief, and
not governed solely by opposition and antag-
onism, would it not be the wiser, the better, the
nobler, and more statesmanlike course for thera
to come forward and set us an example of doing
right, as the two gentlemen from Massachusetts
[Mr. Thayer and Mr. Comins] urged them yes-
terday ?
But, sir, the cases are totally dissimilar; the
clause in the Kansas compromise bill, refusing to
hear any further application for admission frorr.
her in case of her declining to come into the Unior
under her then application, with the modifica-
tion of her land proposition, which we submitted
until she had a population equal to the represent-
ative ratio, may, or may not iiave been right, ac-
cording to the opinions of gentlemen. The pol
icy of adopting such a general principle in al
cases where it can be done, may, or may not be
right, as gentlemen may vary in their opinions
but that question cannot arise in the case of Ore
got>. We arc foreclosed on that point, in the
territorial organic act; and I appeal, not only to
this side of the House, but to every side, and
ask how they can get round that obligation in the
territorial bill of Oregon, of 1848, which declares
solemnly that all the guarantees, privileges, and
rights secured to the people of the Northwest
Territory, should be extended to the people of
Oregon ? The words of the act are:
'• Sec. 14. Jliul hi: it fuithcr enacted. That the inhabitants
of said Territory shall be entitled to enjoy all and -inL'ulai
the right-., privileges, and advantages, granted and -.ecured
to the people 01 the Temiory of the United States north-
west of the river Ohio by the ai tides of compact contained
