1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
748
our lives, without being thoroughly convinced of |
the difficulty of restraining our own frontier .pop- j
ulation under the irritation of wrongs inflicted on j
them, even when the strong: arm of the law is ex- j
tended over them,; but, when that arm is with- <
drawn, as it virtually will be by the adoption of
this amendment, they will take the remedy in
their own hands. They can initiate a war; but,
unfortunately, they have not the power to carry
it on, and the Government is immediately ap-
pealed to to step into its prosecution; and the
expense of the prosecution of a war is usually
greater than any claim arising under this provis-
ion of the law possibly can be.
Again: if you limit the fund from which the
frontier settlers are Ho derive their only compen-
sation for damages inflicted on them, to the Indian
annuities, they arc notoriously wholly inadequate
in more than three fourths of the cases. For in-
stance: we have treaty stipulations with these
very Indians to whom allusion has been made by
the Senators from Iowa, the Sioux; and by vir-
tue of these treaties, they arc in amity with us;
but some of these bands draw no annuities what-
ever; yet you limit the source from whence those
injured by them are to obtain satisfaction to the
annuities, and it is evident to them all that they
have no remedy. Other bands, again, draw but
a very few hundred dollars, while they will do
damage to the amount of thousands.
In much that fell from the Senator from Maine
I cordially concur. This is general legislation
upon an appropriation bill. The whole subject
of our Indian relations needs revision; and while
speaking on the'subject I may be permitted to say
that, in my opinion, we acted too hastily in adopt-
ing the amendment which transfers the Indian
bureau from the Interior to the War Department.
If that provision finally becomes a law, we shall
have thereby added to the efliciency of the bureau,
but we shall have deducted nothing from the ex-
pense of maintaining it and the host of officers
m its employ. If we commence a reform, it should
bp commenced after due deliberation, and be radi-
cal; and that the Indian bureau is susceptible of a
thorough and radical reform, which will add not
only to its efficiency, but very greatly to its econ-
omy, I have not the slightest doubt. We com-
mence, however, in this manner, by transferring
a bureau from one Department to another, know-
ing not what the action of that Department will
be; whether they will commence a reformation
lessening the expenditure, or whether they will
add to it. We can only assume, from the charac-
ter of the Department and the relations the fron-
tierofficers of that Department bear to the Indians,
that the duties of the bureau will be more effi-
ciently discharged. With all due deference to the
Finance Committee, for I have no doubt they re-
ported this amendment with an eye to economy—
and certainly of all committees 111 the Senate it is
their duty to consult it—I sincerely trust that in
this single instance their report will not be con-
curred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I think both in the proposition
and in the argument, the great question which
lies in front of all the details that have been ad- j
duced, has been overlooked. We should rcmcm- 1
ber that the Indians bear to the United States the
relation of ward and guardian; that the United ;
States are not merely charged with the duty of
protecting their citizens from outrage by the In-
dians, but they are also charged with the care of
the Indian tribes. So far as myown knowledge
of frontier life goes—and many of the best years
of my life were spent on the remote frontier—In-
dian wars more frequently result from the aggres-
sions of the whites than of the Indians. That,
however, is not the question which we have
before us; it is whether we will promote that ,
species of stiife between the Indian and the white ;
man ?
We have announced that an Indian tribe com-
mitting a depredation must be looked to lor pay-
ment. You can hardly expect a fetiong frontier
settlement to allow the Indians to escape punish-
ment; and if this brings on a general war, the
expense is to be borne by the Government. But.
in this first act, an Indian, for instance, steals a
horse,and what follows? The white men puisue
the tribe, and take twenty horses. Then a war
results; muider, rapine, and arson mailt your
border settlements. Now, you have the power
to restrain th« white man from seeking to retali-
ate; by the assurance that the Government will
indemnify him; that if there be an annuity, it will
be stopped from the next payment to the Indians;
and if there be none, the Government will pay it
out of the Treasury. It is a method of preserving
peace between the border inhabitants and the In-
dian-tribes; and to strike this from the laws of
the land, and leave Indians and frontier settle-
ments to their own redress, can look to no ulti-
mate result, i§plcss it be the extermination of the
Indian tribes.' The expectation of being secured
by the United States from pecuniary loss, restrains
the white man on the frontier from seeking to
redress himself, not against the Indian who com-
mitted the offense, but against the tribe to which
he believes that Indian belongs. This is all it can
attain—the Indian escapes.
I think we overlook too much in all the efforts
which have been made, the relation which the
United States bears* to the Indians; and we arc
treating it now as though the Indians were a hos-
tile power against whom we were called upon to
protect our citizens. Keeping, then, in mind the
double relation of guardian of the Indian tribes,
as well as the protection of our own citizens, it
strikes me that the law as it stands is, perhaps,
better than anything which could now be sup-
plied.
In relation to the transfer of the conduct of In-
dian affairs from one Department to another, I
never expected anything to result from it except
efliciency and order, and that care of the Indian
tribes which will be secured by our frontier posts.
I did not suppose the agents, and superintendents,
and sub-agents, were to be dismissed. They are
the proper machinery thiough which the Govern-
ment approaches the Indian tribes. They con-
stitute the permanent organ of communication
between the Government and the Indian tribes.
They will be necessary, however that department
be administered. You could not require the offi-
cers on the frontier, whose relations are entirely
temporary, who may be changed at an hour's
notice from one frontier to another, to execute
the duties of the United States towards the In-
dians, or to acquire that confidence of the Indians
which is essential in their intercourse with our
country.
If the policy of this reform, of this transfer, was
to abolish all agents and sub-agents, I think it was
most unwise. Looking to it merely as a mode
of securing a constant relation between the Gov-
ernmentand the Indian tribes, through troops who
could approach the Indians where the agents
were afraid to reside, I think it will be very ben-
eficial. Looking to it as effecting a harmony be-
tween the agents who have intercourse with the
Indians, and the troops who have to maintain
them, by placing them all under the orders of one
Department, I believe the result will be entirely
beneficial. Therefore it was that I favored it,
with no expectation, however, that a system was
to be adopted by which we were to go with the
strong hand to retaliate upon Indian tribes where
ever an outrage was committed. I prefer far more
that the United States, in their strength, should
exercise patience towards these weak tribes.
Whilst I look upon them as cruel and thieving,
a race of men utterly below the white man, and
never capable of rising to his level, 1 do not sym-
pathize at all with those who invent them with
the character of fiction, give them a noble char-
actor, and presume that they are always right;
nor would I go to the other extreme and represent
them as creatures to be exterminated by the
power of the United States.
Mr. MASON. It is very necessary that there
should be an executive session. It is manifest that
there will be a discussion upon the policy of the
country in reference to the Indian tubes, and a
very proper one; I therefore move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we ran finish this bill
to-nigh t if we be allowed to do so.
Mr. JONES. Is the motion of the Senator from
"Virginia in order at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEIDELL. Is it permitted to make any
remarks on this question ?
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not de-
batable.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suppose I mny be permitted
, to say that I shall vota against go wig into execu-
tive session, considering that we can get through
with this bill to-day.
Mr. MASON. * I will s$.y that I have been re-
quested to ask for an executive session by the
honorable Senator who is the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary. lie satisfies me
i that it is important.
j The question being taken; the motion was agreed
j to—ayes 21, noes 14; and the Senate proceeded
j to the consideration of executive business. After
1 some time spent therein, the doors were reopened,
I and the Senate adjourned-
| HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
i Wednesday, February 2, 3859.
The House met at eleven o'clock* a. m. Prayer
by Rev. A. G. Carothers.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WINSLOW. I would inquire if a quorum
is present. If not, 1 move a call of the House.
Mr. COMINS. Lotus have a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain if
a quorum be present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want a call of the House.
Gentlemen who voted for an earlier hour of meet-
ing are not here, and I*want to show that fact.
The SPEAKER. Sixty-one members onlyaro
present.
A call of the House was ordered.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. AndeisSQii, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, B.ii
Bennett, Bishop, Blair, Bli&s Boeock. Bovce, Builm^amt!,
Bums, I$urrou«ns, Oa;>kie,r^ia CI.irk, Horace F Clark,
Clemens, Corning, Cox, Crasjin, Burton Craige, Pamreil,
Davis of Alarjland, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes, Dewart,
Dick, Dnnmick, Dowdell, Edie, Elliott, Krjgh?h, Farns-
worth, Florence, Foster, Garnm, Gilhs, Goodwin, Groea-
beck, Hatch, Hill, Hughe*, Hu\ lei. Jackson, Jenkins, Owen
Jones, Kent, Kellogg, Jacob ivi. knnkel. Lamar, Landy,
Leuiy, MeKibbm, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Mont-
gomerv, Moore, Edward Joy Mom*, Oliver A, Mor.-e, Nib-
lack, Palmar, Petm, William W. Phelps Powell, Ready,
Reagan, llirelne, Roberts, ltnvce, Sandnlge, Savage, Sear-
ing. John Sherman, Judson W. Mierman, Shorter, Sickles,
Singleton, Robert Smith, Stallvvoith, Stephen"!. William
Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thompson,
Tnppe, ilndei wood. Vance, Ward, Warren, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Israel Washburn, Watkin>, White, Wilson,
Wood, Woodson, Worteiuljke, John V. Wright, and Zol-
hcofier.
Pending the call,
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, was detained from
the House by indisposition.
Mr. GILMAN stated that Mr. Wood had been
detained from the House for several days by in-
disposition.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that Mr.
Giioesbeck was detained from the House by at-
tendance upon a special committee of the House.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that Mr. Sandidge
was detained from the House by severe indispo-
sition.
Mr. MAYNARD. Wc have now spentnearly
an hour in calling the ioil. Would it be in order
to move to take a recess until tweive o'clock, that
gentlemen may have time to assemble '
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. How many members an-
swered to their names?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thiity-five.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that all
fmther proceedings under the cali be dispensed
with.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I wish to have
my name entered as present. I was absent in at-
tendance unon a select committee of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no rule
by winch gentlemen enn have their names put
upon the iccord who were not here when the roll
was called a first and second time.
The motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, was
agreed to; and all further proceedings under the
call were dispensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
JOINT RESOLUTION OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. HODGES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolution of the LegisStuure of
the State of Illinois, in ivfeienee to accommoda-
tions for the United States courts of the southern
district, the pension and land cilices, and post
office, at Springfield : and moved that it be refened
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
printed.
