1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GM>BE.
133
35th Cong...,2b Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. or Reps. -
he intimated. It could not have been. When
this bill passed the Senate it was not known what
sort of Senators would be elected there, any more
than it was as to Kansas. The election in Oregon
had not been heard from. It was a hot contest. j
And at the election which afterwards came off,
the member who was returned to this House was
elected by only sixteen hundred majority.
Under these circumstances, how can the gen-
tleman attribute such motives to the action of
Democratic Senators? Where is the slightest
evidence for such an imputation ? May be the
gentleman attributes to others the motives by
which he himself is governed—that is, a wish to
bring in the State under political auspices favor-
able to his own view of public policy. May be he
thinks, by rejecting this constitution, the State
may come in under a Republican instead of a
Democratic banner; for he said her admission was
only a question of time. I will not say that this is
his object in opposing this bill; but I do say, for
myself, that I am governed by no such motives as
he has intimated. I will vote, whenever a State
comes here with a constitution republican in form,
and with an obligation resting upon me t-o vote for
her admission, as this does, for her, admission,
irrespective of what may be the political cast of
her Senators and members elect. 1 will never do
wrong that right may afterwards come from it.
Wrong does not produce such fruits. What you
plant and sow, that you leap. I will never com-
mit an acknowledged error, hoping that good will
come of it. Good ends never justify wrong means
according to my code of morals. Honesty is the
best policy in all things. Perhaps most of those
on the other side of the House who go against
this bill, do so barely to be in opposition. To
such I would say what I once said to a gentle-
man in my district. When 1 was going to ad-
dress the people at a particular place, meeting
him on the way, I asked him if he was going up
to the court-house? He said, no; that 1 was go-
ing to speak, and that he only wanted to know
what side I was upon to be against it. I said "that
is the reason you are always in the minority;
you give me choice of sides upon all questions,
and ofcourse I take the best." [Laughter.] Would
it not be well for gentlemen on that side to con-
sider the point, barely as a matter of political or
party tactics ? That gentleman was so well pleased
with the remark that he went and heard me on
the occasion alluded to, and from that day to this
has never failed to vote for me. If the opposite
side will allow me, I will say to them it is bad
policy in any party to oppose everything barely
for opposition sake. Let me entreat them not to
oppose this bill—as some of them do, I fear
barely because Democrats vote for it. By this
coursc, you give us choice of sides in a great
issue of right.
One word further, upon another subject, and I
call the especial attention of the House to it. It is
the objection raised to the constitution of Oregon
on accountof the alien suffrage feature in it. The
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffek,]
in his report, quotes a part of the decision of the
Supreme Court, bearing upon the constitutional
power of a State so to regulate suffrage within her
own limits, but stops right in the middle of a sen-
tence. I will read first the extract quoted by the
gentleman—italics his—and then read the whole
sentence, as it stands ill Chief Justice Taney s
decision in the Dred Scott case:
" The Constitution has conferred on Coiigres-s the right
to establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and this light
is evidently exclusive, anil lias always been held by tins
court to be so. Consequently, no State, since the adoption
of the Constitution, can, by naturalizing an alien, invest
him with the rights and privileges secured to a citizen of a
Stale under the Federal Government," &e.
There the gentleman stops, with the sentence
unfinished, at a comma. The Chief Justice goes
right on with these words—
"although, so far as the State alone was concerned, he
would undoubtedly be entitled to the rights of a citizen, and
clothed with all the rights and immunities which the con-
stitution and laws of the State attached to that charac-
ter."
In this the Sunreme Court says, and says truly,
that no State can make an alien by birth a citizen
of the United States—that is the exclusive right
of Congress; but that each State may clothe an
alien with all the privileges and rights they see
fit; within their own jurisdiction and limits. The
right of suffrage, the right to declare who shall
vote at elections, is expressly reserved i n the Con-
stitution of the United States to each State. This
Government cannot interfere with that power. It
is the last right I would have the States to sur-
render; for upon it rest all the great bulwarks
of State rights; and, should itever be surrendered,
no' vestige of State rights would remain.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The comments of the
gentleman from Georgia upon that portion of my
report would produce the impi'ession that I have
acted unfairly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not say
that. I cannot, however, be interrupted. I have
barely time sufficient 
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. But let me make this
statement. I will not be two minutes.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Be brief. I
will give you two minutes, but no more.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I was enforcing the
position, as asserted by the court, that a State
could not confer upon unnaturalized foreigners the
rights of citizenship, so far as the Federal Gov-
ernment was concerned; and, therefore, I quoted
only that portion of the sentence found in the de-
cision, which showed that to be the position of
the court. That portion of the sentence is this.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot yield
any further. I have already read it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Let mo add the single
remark that, in my report, I distinctly concurred
with the court in the remaining portion of that
sentence; that, so far as " the State alone was con-
cerned," the State had the right to confer rights
of citizenship upon unnaturalized foreigners.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It would have
been much better understood, if the gentleman
had quoted the whole of it, and given his concur-
rence in the whole as it stands. And I must be
permitted to say, that in concurring in the whole
of that decision as it stands, lie yields the whole
question. If a State has the light to confer upon
aliens all the rights of us own citizens, so far as
she is concerned, certainly the right of suffrage
is included.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That is, so far as the
State alone is concerned.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Exactly. The
State has the exclusive control of the right of suf-
frage within her limits and under her laws, ac-
cording to the decision of the Supreme Court.
She can say who may vote for all her officers; who
for Governor and who for her State Senate and
who for her House of Representatives; and then
the Constitution of the United States expressly
provides that the members of this House shall be
chosen or voted for by those in each State who,
by the constitution and laws of each State, are
entitled to vote for the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature. In admitting that each State
may allow an alien to vote for members of the
most numerous branch of their own Legislature,
the gentleman yields this entire question. The
language in Chief Justice Taney's decision imme-
diately preceding that quoted by the gentleman
in his veport, is in these words:
" Nor have the several Slates sui rendered the power of
eonlemng these lights and pu\lieges, liy adopting the Con-
stitution ot the United Stales. Each folate may still confer
them upon an alien, 01 any one it thinks proper, or upon
any class or description of pcr-ons ; yet tie would not be a
citizen in the sense in which ttiat woid is u^ed in the Con-
stitution ot the United Stales, nor entitled to sue ass s-uch,
m one of its courts,, nor to tin: pnvilegi-s and immunities of
a citizen in the other State. The lights which lie would
acquire would be leslticted to the State which gave tliein."
Then comes the gentleman's quotation. And
from the whole, the principle is clear, that each
State may, if she chooscs, confer the right of cit-
izenship within her own hmits and juusdiction,
upon an alien. But, without naturalization under
the laws of the United States, tins will not give
him the right of citizenship in any respect out-
side of that State. In it, his rights of citi7enship
may bo as full and complete as those of the native
born. .
But I did not intend to argue this point. I did
that at the last session, on the Minnesota hill. In I
that argument, I gave the history of this question I
of alien suffrage ill the Territories. I have nothing i
to add to what I then said. I barely refer to it i
now, that it maybe considered'as part and parcel |
of what I would say on the samei;points,'-if my
time allowed, tii-day. Of the- 'Presidents who, in
some form or shape, had giveil the principle their
sanction, either in the Territories of States,;on
their admission, ! named Washington, the elder
Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Jackson", PoJkr Fill-
more, and Pierce; and-to this tist! mayi'now be,
added that of Buchanan, who signed the Minne-
sota bill. '
My colleague [Mr. Hill} yesterday ^alluded
to what Mr. Calhoun said on the subject in 1836.
I commented upon that, last year. I'could not
find that speech of Mr. Calhoun-in the Globe, or
any parliamentary record in the country, lxlo
not mean to say that he did not make it. It was
not made upon the admission of Michigan. It
was made, if at all, when a measure was up in-
volving the question of suffrage ill the Territory,
while Michigan was still in a territorial condi-
tion. The speech is said to have been made m
1836. Michigan was not admitted until 1837.
Her constitution was similar in this respect to
that of Oregotr. Mr. Calhoun was then in the
Senate; he did not raise his voice against that fea-
ture in it, as'far as I have been able to find. Not
a word fell from him, at that time, on the sub-
ject of alien suffrage, that I am aware of. • '
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Allow rrie one sentence.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot ^iel'd.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Allow me but a single
sentence: that sentence is, that I should labor
under great disadvantage, if the gentleman were
even disposed to extend to me the courtesy of al-
lowing me to reply to his poin-ts while he holds
the floor. Therefore, 1 wilt not at present ask So
do so. '
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That I under-
stand very well. The gentleman can reply here-
after. My time will not allow me to indulge him
now. I made the speech I have referred to last
year, expecting that it would be replied to; but
it remains yet without reply. And I cannot per-
mit my time to-day to be taken up with matters
there disposed of.
Mr. HILL. Let me ask my colleague a ques-
tion. Is ho not aware of the votes given by Mr.
Calhoun, on the Michigan bill,against permitting
alien suffrage in that State ? It was on the mo-
tion of Mr. Clay.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What year >
Mr. HILL. In 1836.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes; I know
of his votes alluded to in 1836. Michigan was
then a Territory. I repeat again, that on the ad-
mission of Michigan as a Rt'.'c next year, Mr.
Calhoun said nothing aga>. *■ Ae alien-suffrage
feature in her State constitution, that I know of.
He may still have been against it.
But one word further m reply to my colleague
as to Mr. Calhoun's position on this subject:
Whatever he may have said on it, or however he
may have voted on it in 183G, yet in 1848, he was
on the committee that reported the celebrated Clay-
ton compiomise, which provided a government for
tins very Territory of Oregon, and that bill con-
tained this very alien suffrage clause in it. Mr.
Calhoun voted for the biil with this clause in itin
the Senate. I have the record by me. It is not
of so much importance what he said or how he
voted in 1836, when the question was first started,
as how he voted twelve years afterwards, and
after mature investigation. Here is his vote ill
1848. 1 put that against his speech and his vote
in 183", and let all go to the country wiih my col-
league's comments. I shall be content.
Now, Mr. Speaker, on another and entirely
different aspect of this question, 1 have something
special to say to another side of the House a
distinct class in it. I mean the members coming
from slaveholding States. There is evidently a
feeltno- of opposition in that quarter to the admis-
sion of Oregon, from a reluctance and manifest
indisposition to increase the number of what are
called free States. This arises from an appre-
hension that, with the loss of the balance of power,
the rights of our section upon constitutional ques-
tions'will be less secure. This may be so. It
does not, however, necessaiily follow. But that
balance is already gone—lost by causes beyond
your or my control. There is no prospect of its
ever being regained; and, in talcing that ground,
you do but reverse the position of our sectioirol
