1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745-
So, a quorum not voting in favor thereof, the
main question was not ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for the yeas and
nays; but subsequently withdrew the call.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to say a single j
word as to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to per-
emptorily by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr,
Burnett.]
Mr. MORGAN. I hope gentleman on that side
of the House wiii allow something to be said oij
this side.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I object to debate.
Mr. MORGAN. I expected it from that gen-
tleman.
Mr. VALLAN DIGRAM. Then I hope the
gentleman from New York docs not feel disap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
had a right to object.
* Mr. MORGAN. Most assuredly he had.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I now move to strike out
the second section.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to everything.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. My motion is now in order,
I believe.
Mr. COLFAX. What was the reason that T
could not go on, while the gentleman from South
Carolina can ?
The SPEAKER. The question had not been
determined when thegentlcman from Indianarose.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 use to a question of order.
The previous question has not been seconded,
and the main question has not been ordeied. The
matter, therefoie, must go over tdl to-morrow.
Debate is out of order; and I object.
The SPEAKI5R. The gentleman from New
York is right. The matter goes over till to-mor-
row.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, fiom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 583) pro-
viding for keeping and distributing all public doc-
uments; when the Speaker signed the same.
PATENTS TO INDIANS.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the
issuance of patents to certain Indians, and for
other purposes; which was l cad aiirst and second
time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to put that bill ,
on its passage. ;
The bill was read. It provides that patents J
shall be issued for lands allotted to the Shawive i
tribe of Indians, uni|i'r the treaty of May 10,1854, j
under such rules and restrict ions as theConinus- !
sioner of Indian Affairs shall prescribe; and that j
patents shall be issued to all other Indians to I
whom lands have been set opait in severalty. i
The second section provides that any Indian [
to whom a patent shall be issued under this or |
any other act of Congiess, may become a citizen
of the United States upon tiling a decimation to •
that effect, and upon piesentmg proof b( fore any
judge of the distiict or circuit court of the Uni- i
ted States, that he is able to take care of his own j
affairs, and is otherwise qualified to become* a cit-
izen; and the. said judge shall thereupon admin-
ister an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and he shall issue a certificate of
citizenship to such Indian, and furnish a dupli-'
eate of the same to the Commissioner of Indian :
Affairs.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That bill simply pro-!
\ides for canyinj; into (.fleet the ninth aiucle of |
the treaty of ]854 With the Shawnee Indians, in ;
respect to the issue of patents. Certainly there ,
can be no objection to that. That clause of the i
treaty is as follows: i
'• C\)>;grr?s may hc^-ufror pmvule fej r-senisr. to ?neh of
the Shawnee* a>s miynuke -epni.a..' jvumuioi 1
the fame; with -noli 'juai.N .ad ie^ucuous as ma) seem :
n<ivi!-ablo for their pnaootnji om. ^ ;
Mr. HOUSTON. If we are to ha\e a discus-
sion upon this bill, I would like the gentleman
fiom Arkansas to direct his remarks to one or two f
points which present themselves to my mind. ;
The first is, whether we can m this way make citi- ■
zens of the United States of Indians or any other
persons r whether our rules of naturalization must
notbe uniform ? And in the second place, whether J
the issuance of patents to these Indians is not vir- i
tually putting the lands into the hands of spec-
ulators for a trifling sum, or for no sum at all?
whether the Indians are not protected in their
lands as the matter now stands? and whether the
passage of this bill will not simply benefit that
class of persons who are probably the principal
beneficiaries under our present laws?
Mr. GREENWOOD. The Indians, I take it,
are not on precisely the same footing with foreign-
ers; they are not in the same category. I pre-
sume it would be perfectly competent for Congress
to prescribe the mode and manner in. which they
shajl become citizens of the United States. My
opinion is, that many of these Indians are just as
capable of taking care of theirown affairs, just as
shrewd in the management of their business, as
many white men are. So far as the first section
of the bill is concerned, 1 am sure the gentleman
from Alabama will concur with me in the propri-
ety of its passage; because the treaty of 1854 ex-
pressly provides that patents shall issue to these
Indians, under such regulations as Congress shall
prescribe. So far as that section is concerned,
theiefoie, it is necessary to carry out that treaty
stipulation; and good faith lequires that theie
should be some action on the part of Congress
upon the subject.
Mr. RLJSS. As this bill has been sprung upon
us so suddenly that there lias been no opportu-
nity to look into the questions involved, 1 wish to
ask the gentleman whether the question of the
citizenship of the Indians has not heretofore been
left exclusively with the States m which they re-
side, and whether it is not inaugurating a new pol-
icy to make them citizens by act of the United
States?
Mr, GREENWOOD. The gentleman maybe
correct in that particular; but 1 can see no reason
for not initiating such a policy.
Mr. BLISS. It seems to me it would lie better
to leave that mutter to the States.
Air. GREENWOOD, This bill does not make
them citizens, as 1 understand U; but if gentle-
men aie not satisfied wiih llus section, I willgive
way for a motion to stuke it out. If any gentle-41
man wishes to make that motiun, I am perfectly
satisfied that it shall be made; otherwise, I pro-
pose to call the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Befoie the gentleman moves
the previous question, I wish to call his attention
to the first section of the bill again. I wish to
ask what benefit it con he to the Indian to give
him a patent for his land ? If i understand it, he
is m legal occupation of his land under the law or
treaty authorizing him to Meet it. lie gets now
all the benefit, of it which he would get if he had
a patent for it. The only trouble in the way now
is, as I undei stand it, that lie cannot f.ell or trans-
fer his kind. Well, rur, this is precisely (he state
of things which I want to continue. If we pass
the first section of this bill, we shall ploee it in
the power of the Indian to sell or tiansfer his
land, and the consequence will be that he will be
cheated or defrauded out of it
And, sir, while I am willing to admit that there
is occasionally an Indian who is < apable of taking
j ( are of htmsi If and of hi > own pi opert y, thei c aie
, thousands who, if they obtain the patents to those
i 1 mds, can easllv be cheated nut of their property,
j If this bill passes, it will not have the eht ct of
i benefiting any Indian a solitary dime; while I
| am fearful thai it will he ihe means of enabling
j white men to defraud a laige portion of the ln-
, dians, to whom it applies, outot their lands, and
I they will be thrown as b^gais upon flic Govern-
j ihent. The second section, I take it for granted,
cannot pass.
Mr. GREENWOOD. There aie v-ry shong
reasons why the first seeuon of this bill crtainly
ought to pass, ft is well known th.it these pat-
ents will be issued under the eye of the G-.Aern-
ment, and the Indians will be sufficiently pro-
tected m their issuance.
Mr. HOUSTON. The whdc experience of the
Government shows conclusively that there js no
protect'on whatever to the Indians.
Air. GREENWOOD. While the gentleman's
objections may have some weigh ton the one hand,
on the other hand therein an overruling necessity
that this bill should pass. These Indians aie
here pressing upon Congress that they shall make
provision to carry out this stipulation of the treaty
of 1K54. Trespassers aie coming upon their lands
every day, and they ha^e no redr"ss.
- Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman
must be mistaken in that statement.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That is the way it is
represented to me.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Indian has the right to'
be protected in his land. I take it for granted
that under the treaty he has a legal title to his
land. He is protected in his possession of it under
the treaty, and under that treaty he may now vin-
dicate his rights. And the gentleman will observe
that his argument goes to show that if the Gov-
ernment officers who are there cannot protect the
Indian in his rights, if they cannot aid him in
keeping off trespassers, how can they do it any
better with the patent in his hand ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. At all events, it seems
to me that good faith requires that patents should
be issued in all eases, when we take into consid-
eration the fact, that restrictions are placed upon
; the alienation of the title, unless undertime eye of
| the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. It seems to
j me that there can be no further objection to the
bill. If parties are entitled to patents under the
j treaty, good faith demands that Congtess shall
; grant them. T demand the previous question.
; Mr, COLFAX. I ask my colleague on the
; Committee on Indian Affairs, to allow me to say
' a word in explanation of this bill,
j Mr. GREENWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. The confusion has been so
! great that the remarks which have been made
j have not been heaid upon this side of the House.
| The gentleman from Alabama makes objection to
| this bill, upon the ground that the Ind'ian, as a
race or as a tube, is incompetent to atteud«*o his
own business, and, therefoie, if we give him the
privilege of alienation, sharpeis m trading with
i him will rob him of his homestead, or of what
j Congress intends to give to him. But, if that gen-
| tleman will consult the Delegate from that Ter-
I ritory, or the piesent Commissioner of Indian
! Affairs, Air. Denver, who has been Governor of
| that Territory, he will learn that these Indians
! are quite as intelligent in trading, as any gentle-
I man in this House. Many of them have as-
; Mimed the habits of white men in the Terntd'ry,
! and are fully competent to attend to their own af-
fairs. This hill provides that the Indians shall
! only be allowed to alienate their lands under such
! restrictions as the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs shall impose. It ought to be a principle of
our Government, so far as it is consistent with
I the rights of the Indians, to open up the country to
' settlement and improvement. There aie watcr-
; powers upon those lands which the Indians are
; unable to improve, but who, by taking some per-
j sons m partnership with them, would be enabled
! by the assistance, of capital, to improve them.
I Towns have been located upon some of those
reservations, titles to lots in which it is impos-
sible to obtain, and as my colleague upon tho
; Committee on Indian Affairs j_Air. Gheexwood]
j said, it has become a matter of necessity thattliey
should have the title m their own bonds, for the
! purpose of protecting the timber upon their lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would call the gentleman's
•attention to the first section of the bill. If grants
this ngbt to these particular Indians, and all others.
Now, while the argument of my fuend from In-
diana may be true—and it was also the aigument
ofmy friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Ganr.xwooo]—
that some of these Indians aie capable of attend-
ing to their own business, yet while we are con-
| feirmg upon them no particular advantage, weat
■ the same time put it in the power of speculators to
ron all tiiose who are not competent to rake care
of themselves; and unless then.* can be a great ad-
vantage derived by those who arc capable of tians-
aeiing their own business, we should be unwill-
ing to {dace those who are incapable in the power
of men who enn defraud them.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. # I desire fo ask the
gentleman from Alabama this question: Suppose
settlers upon the Indian lands were to des'aoy the
cattle, houses, and timber of the tfhawnces: wh&t
rediess could they have r They cannot sue in the
i courts of the United States, because they aie not
i citizens.
; _ Mr. HOUSTON. That question plmws the ob-
ject of this bill to be precisely what I imagined:
to get the lands out of the hands of the Indians,
and jnto the hands of intui^uing white men.
That is the point of the gentleman's question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The object of this bill
