124
APPENPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
. 35th Cqng~..2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
opponents an the other side of the House. I know
it is the tendency of power to encroach; but let
us look to the security which rests upon prin-
ciple, rather than upon numbers. The citadel of
our defense is principle sustained by reason,
truth, honor, and justice. Let us, therefore, do
justice, though the heavens fall.
Let us not do an indirect wrong, for fear that
the recipient from our hands of what is properly
due will turn upon us and injure us. Statesmen
in the line of duly should never consult their fears.
Where duty leads, there we may never fear to
tread. In the political worl,d, great events and
changes are rapidly crowding upon us. To these
we should not be insensible. As wise men, we
should not attempt to ignore them. Wo need
not close our eyes, and suppose the sun will cease
to shine because we see not the light. Let us
rather, with eyes and minds wide awake, look
around us and see where we are, whence we have
come, and where we shall soon be, borne along
by the rapid, swift, and irresistible car of time.
This immense territory to the west has to be peo-
pled. It is now peopling. New States are fast
growing up; and others, not yet in embryo, will
soon spring into existence. Progress and devel-
opment mark everything in nature—human so-
cieties, as well as everything else. Nothing in the
physical world is still; life and motion aye in every-
thing: so in the mental, moral,and political. The
earth is never slill. The great central orb is ever
moving. Progress is the universal law governing
all things—animate as well as inanimate. Death
itself is but the beginning of a new life in a new
form. Our Government and institutions are sub-
ject to tins all-pervading power. The past won-
derfully exemplifies its influence, and gives us
some shadows of the futuie.
This is the sixteenth session that I have been
here, and within that brief space of fifteen years,
we have added six States to the Union—lacking
but one of being more than half of the original
thirteen. Upwards of twelve hundred thousand
square milesof territory—a much larger area, than
was possessed by the whole United States at the
time of the treaty of peace in 1783—have been
added to our domain. At this time theaica of oiu
Republic is greater than that of any five of the
greatest Powers in Europe all combined; greater
than that of the Roman Empire in the brightest
days of her glory; more extensive than were
Alexander's dominions when he stood on the
Indus, and went that he had no more worlds lo
conquer. Such is our present position; nor are
we yet at the end of our acquisitions.
Our internal movements, within the same time,
have not been less uctivc in progress and develop-
ment than those external. A bare glance at these
will suffice. Our tonnage, when 1 first cume to
Congress, was but a little over two million; now
it is upwards of five million, more than double.
Our exports of domestic manufactures were only
eleven million dollars in round numbers; now
they are upwards of thirty million. Om exports
of domestic produce, staples, &i\, were then un-
der one hundred million dollars; now they are
upwaids of three hundred million! The amount
of coin in the United States, was at that time
about one hundred million; now it excueds three
htmdred million. The cotton crop then was but
fifty-four million; now it is upwards of one hun-
dred and sixty million dollais. We had I hen
not more than five thousand miles of railroad in
operation; we have now not less than twenty-six
thousand miles—more than enough to encircle the
globf—and at a cost of more than one thousand
million dollais. At that time, Piofessor Morse
was engaged in one of the rooms of this Capitol
in experimenting on his unperfected idea of an
electric telegraph—and there was as much doubt
about his success, as there is at present about the
Atlantic cable—but now there are more than
nations, would require time; but in all would be
found alike astonishing results.
This progress, sir, is not to be arrested. It will
goon. The end is not yet. There are persons
now living who will see over a hundred million
human beings within the present boundaries of
the United States, to say nothing of future exten-
sion, and perhaps double the number of States we
now have, should the Union last. For myself, I
say to you, my southern colleagues on this floor,
that I do not apprehend danger to our constitu-
tional right's from the bare fact of increasing the
number of States with institutions dissimilar to
ours. The whole governmental fabric of the Uni-
' ted States is based and founded upon the idea of
' dissimilarity in the institutions of the respective
members. Principles, not numbers, are our pro-
tection. When these fail, we have, like all other
people, who, knowing their rights, dare maintain
thorny nothing to rely upon but the justice of our
cause, our own right arms and stout hearts. With
these feelings and this basis of action, whenever
any State comes and aslts admission, as Oregon
does, 1 am prepared to extend her the hand of
welcome, without looking into her constitution
further than to see that it is republican in form,
upon our well-known American models.
When aggression comes, if come it ever shall,
then the end draweth nigh. Then, if in my day,
I shall bo for resistance, open, bold, and defiant.
I know of no allegiance superior to that due the
hearthstones of the homestead. This I say to all.
I lay no claim to any Sentiment of nationality not
founded upon tlie patriotism of a true heart, and |
I know of no such patriotism that does not center
at home. Like the enlarging circle upon the sur-
face of smooth waters, however, this can and will,
if unobstructed, extend to the utmost limits of a
common country. Such is my nationality—such
my sectionalism—such my patriotism. Our fathers !
of the South joined your fathers of the North :
in resistance to a common aggression from their
fatherland; and if they were justified in rising to
right a wrong inflicted by a parent country, how ,
much more ought we, should the necessity ever i
come, u> stand justified before an enlightened
world, ill righting a wrong from even those wecall ;
brothers. That necessity, I trust, will nevercoroe. j
i What is to be our future, i do not know. I
! have no taste for indulging in speculations about [
[ it. I would not, if I could, raise the vail that j
wisely conceals it from us. " Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof," is a good precept in
everything pertaining to human action. The evil
1 would not anticipate; I would rather stuve to
prevent its coming; and one way, in my judg-
ment, to prevent it, is, while here, in all things to
do what IS right and proper to bo done under
the Constitution of the United States; nothing
more, and nothing less. Our safety, as well as the
prosperity of all parts of the country, so long as
this Government lasts, lies mainly in a shirt con-
formity to the laws of Us existence. Growth is
one of these. The admission of new States, is one
of the objects expressly provided for. How aie
tiny to come, in? With just such constitutions as
the people in each may please to make for them-
selves, so it is republican in form. TSis is the
ground the South has ever stood upon. Let us
not abandon it now. It is founded upon a prin-
ciple planted in the compact of Union itself; and
more essential to us than all others besides; that
is, the equably of the States, and the reserved
rights of the people of the respective States. By
our system, cadi State, however great the nuni-
ber, has the absolute light to regulate all its in-
ternal affairs as she pleases, subject only to her
obligations under the Constitution of the United
States. With this limitation, the people ofMassa-
j chusetts have the perfect right to do as they please
j upon all matters relating to their internal policy;
1 the people of Ohio have the right to do the same-
thirty-five thousand miles in extent of these iron jj the people of Georgia the same; of California
nerves sent forth in every direction through the
land, connecting the most distant points, and
uniting all together as if under the influence of a
common living sensorium. This is but a glance
at the surface; to enter within and take the range
of other matters—schools, colleges, the arts, and
various mechanical and industrial pursuits, which
add to the intelligence, wealth, and prosperity of
a people,- anil mark their courso in the history of
the same; and so with all the rest.
Such is the machinery of our theory of self-
go\ eminent by the people. This is the great nov-
elty of our peculiai system, involving a principle
unknown to the ancients, an idea never dreamed
of by Aristotle or Plato. The union of several
distinct, independent communities upon this basis,
is a new principle in human governments. It is
nowapioblem in experiment fbr the people of
the nineteenth century upon this continent to solve.
As I behold its workings in the past and at the
present, while I am not sanguine, yet I am hope-
ful of its successful solution. The most joyous
feeling of my heart is the earnest hope that it will,
for the future, move on as peacefully, prosper-
ously, and brilliantly, as it has in the past. If so,
then we shall exhibit a moral and political spec-
tacle to the world something like the prophetic
vision of Ezekiel, when he saw a number of dis-
tinct beings or living creatures, cach with a.sepa-
rate and distinct organism, having the functions
of life within itself, all of one external likeness,
and all, at the same time, mysteriously connected
with one common animating spirit pervading the
whole, so that when the common spirit moved
they all moved; their appearance and their work
being, as it were, a wheel in the middle of a wheel;
and whithersoever the common spirit went, thither
the others went, all going together; and when they
went, he heard the noise of their motion like the
noise of great waters, as thevoiceof the Almighty.
Should our experiment succeed, such will be our
exhibition—a machinery of Government so intri-
cate, so complicated, with so many separate and
distinct parts, so many independent States, each
perfect in the attributes and functions of sover-
eignty, within its own jurisdiction, all, neverthe-
less, united under the control of a common di-
recting power for external objects and purposes,
may natural enough seem novel, strange, and in-
explicable to the philosophers and crowned heads
of the world.
It is for us, and those who shall come after us,
to determine whether this grand experimental
problem shall be worked out; not by cjuarreling
amongst ourselves; not by doing injustice to any;
not by keeping out any particular class of States;
but by each State remaining a separate and dis-
tinct political organism within itself—all bound
together for general objects, under a common Fed-
eral he,id; as it were, a wheel within a wheel
Then the numbermay be multiplied without limit;
and then, indeed, may the nations of the earth
look on in wonder at our carecr; and when they
hear the noise of the wheels of our progress in
achievement, in development, in expansion, ill
glory, and renown, it may well appear to them '
not unlike the noise of great waters; the very voice
of the Almighty — Vox pojndi! Vox Dei ! [Great
applause in the galleries, and on the floor.]
The SPEAKER. If the applause in the galle-
ries is repeated, the Chair will order the galleries
to be cleared.
Many Members. It was upon the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. One or two
other matteis only I wish to allude to. These
relate mainly to amendments. 1 trust that every
friend of this bill will unite and vote down every
amendment. It needs no amendment. Oregon
! has nothing to do with Kansas, and should in no
| way be connected with her. To remand her back,
; as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] proposes, to compel her to regulate suf-
! frage as we may be disposed to dictate, would be
I but going back to the old attempt to impose con-
! ditions upon Missouri. There is no necessity for
i any census, if we are satisfied, from all the evi-
I deuce before us, that there are sixty thousand
] inhabitants there. Florida was admitted without
a census. Texas was admitted, with two mem-
bers on this floor, withoutacensus. _So was Cal-
ifornia.
To our friends upon this side of the House, let
me say, if you cannot vote for the bill, assist us
in having it voted upon as it is. Put on no riders.
Give us no side blows. Aid in keeping them off.
Let the measure stand or fall upon its merits. If
yon cannot vote for the bill, vote against it just
as it stands.
I sec my time is nearly out, and I cannot go
into the discussion of other branches of the ques-
tion; but may I not make an appeal to all sides
of the House to come up to do their duty to-
day' I have spoken of the rapid development
of our country and its progress in all its material
resources is it true that the intellectual and
moral development of our country has not kept
paee with its physical' Has our political body
outgrown the heads and hearts of those who are
to govern n ? Is it so, that this Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress is unclfual to the great mission before it?
