1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
joy. Maelny, McQueen, Humphrey MarshMI, Matte?on,
Miles, Millson, Moore, Morgan, FVeeman H. Morse, Mott,
Olin, Palmer, John S. Phelps Phillips. Potter, Pottle, Pow-
ell, Reagan, Rieaud, Ruffin, Scales, Sewaid, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Stevenson, Miles Taylor, ]
Thayer, Trippe, Vallandigham, Vance, Walbridge, Elhliu I
B. vVa^hburne, Wmslow, Augustus It. Wright, and John j
Y. Wnght—91. !
So the bill was rejected.
During the vote, j
Mr. BISHOP stated that his colleague, Mr. j
Arnold, had been called home on accountof sick- j
ness in his family. |
Mr. FOSTER stated that, if he had been in the j
Hall when his name was called, he would have \
voted " no." j
The vote was announced as above. i
Mr. BLISS. I voted in the affirmative, suppos- i
ing that the bill would pass, and intending to ;
submit a motion to reconsider. I am opposed to
the last clause only of the bill, as amended. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to re- :
consider the vote whereby the biil was rejected. :
Mr. POTTLE. I move to lay the motion to re- !
consider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSE OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The bill appro-
priating $10,000 to pay witnesses attending in-
vestigations going on before committees of the
House, which was passed by the House the other
day, has been returned from the Senate with an
amendment. The House has adopted substan-
tially that amendment as a rule, on the report of
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I ask
that the bill be taken-up, and the Senate amend-
ment concurred in.
The amendment was read as follows:
Add the following new section :
Sec. 2. Jlndbe itfurtket enacted, That, hereaftei, the
mileage or tiavolmg allowance to the ofliceror other person .
executing precept* or Mitmnoiibes> of eithei IIou^c of Con-
gross, shall not exceed ten cents for each mile necessarily
and actually traveled by such officer, or any othei peis<oti, :
in the execution of such precepts or summonses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
only renders more certain that which is in the
body of the bill. I hope-the House will concur
in the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE LEAVENWORTH CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GROW. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Territories to ask the House to make an
order to print certain papers that have been sent
to that committee. They are the Leavenworth
constitution, the papers accompanying it, and the
testimony taken by the commissioner appointed
by the Legislature of Kansas, in 1857.
The printing was ordered.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill to
provide for the acquisition of Cuba, by negotiation,
and for its being incorporated with the Union in
the event of its being acquired. I merely desiie
to have it referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enactcd ty the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmeru a in Congress assembled, That
the Piesident be, and ho is heieby,authoiizcd and empow-
ered, when in his judgment it ir< advis-able and expedient
so to do, to open negotiations for the cession of the I>land
of Cuba trom Spain to the United States ; and that he be,
and he is hcrebv, further anlhouzed and cntpowficd to
bind the United States tor the payment, to Spain, of a sum
not to exceed $.10u.000,000, as a oons>idetation for said ces-
sion, when the same shall have been made and completed
by a treaty signed by the properly-accredited and duly-au-
thorized agents of the two Government?, and ratified by
Spai n.
Sec. 0. Jlndhc it further enacted, That upon the ratifica-
tion by Spam of a tteaty for the cession of the said Wand
of Cuba from Spain to the United State*, made and com-
pleted as aforesaid, the President be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and pmpoweied, immediately thereafter,to cause
bonds of the United States to be issued tor the payment of
the said bum ot $120.t)UU,U(X), or so much thereof as may be
icquncd. and to deliver the &ame to the duly accredited
and authorized ajrent of Spam ; which said bonds shall bo
divided into not le s than six installments and be payable m
not mure than thirty years, and s>iiall bear an annual inter-
j est, not to exceed five pei centum per annum, payable half
1 yetulyatthcTreasuiy Department of tile United Slates.
!j Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the said Islandof
!l Cuba, if the tame is'at any tune coded to the United State?,
may be erected into a new State, to bo called the State of
Cuba, with a republican form of government to be adopted
by the people of the said island, by their delegates duly
elected by the suffrages of the white males over the age
of twenty-one years,"and resident in the said island and
citizens theioof, in convention assembled,with the consent
of the United States ; and that the said new State, to crc-
I ated a* afoiesi>id.shall be admitted into the Union by virtue
j of this act, with fou,* RepiesentativOh, until the nextappor-
j tionmont of leprcsentauon, on an equal footing with the
• existing States.
I LEGISLATIVE, ETC', APPROPRIATION BILL.
| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
| rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
1 itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
: state of the Union. But, before that question be
i put, I desire to close debate on the legislative,
I executive, and judicial appropriation bill. I move
I' that debate be closed in five minutes after the com-
i mittee resumes its consideration.
Mr. HUGHES. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Territories to ask an order to have
!; printed certain documents referred to that com- !
mittee, comprising a certified copy of the consti- j
|j tution adopted at Leavenworth. j
;i The SPEAKER. The order to print has been I
|| just made. j
;; Mr. LOVEJOY. The debate cannot be closed j;
;j so soon as the gentleman from Missouri proposes. ||
j. Mr. GROW. I move to amend by striking j|
out the words '•five minutes," aud inserting the ji
' words*'three hours." The bill has not been ;!
i! discussed at all. !
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No; and will not j
;j be, unles^we resort to the live minute debate. j
i! Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen will agree to j
!! discuss the subject-matter of the bill, and will j
i limit the discussion to ten minutes, I think we ;
:| will accomplish something. i
■j Mr. G1DDINGS. 1 suggest that if members
|j will confine themselves to the merits of the bill, .
|j we had better discuss it through the day, without ['•
|| limiting debate at all; provided there he a gene- j
!j raf understanding that discussion shall be upph-
j! cable to the merits of the bill. ;
i| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have no desire j
ji to preclude a discussion of the merits of the bill; j
but there are other appropriation bills pending, i
; and we cannot reach them if we arc to have dis- !
cussions foreign to the subject-matter. I am will- ,
I ing to have the time extended to two hours, if <
ij discussion be confined to the subject-matter under <
ji consideration.
i! Mr. GROW. If it be understood that the dis-
j. eussion is to be confined to the subject-matter of'
■I the bill, why limit it at all? Why not let the '
discussion continue on this bill during the day, if .
it be confined to the bill; and so of the other ap- 1
1! propnation bills?
J Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Because there arc '
other npproprmtion bills coming up, aud it is ne-,
cessary to have some of them sent to the Senate 1
for action. !
;j Mr. NICHOLS. If the discussion is to be
i confined to the bill itself, I, for one, prefer to
the original motion of the gentleman from Mis-
'■ souri ptevail. If the usual rule m Committee of
■ the Whole on the f>tat-^ of the Union i;; observed,
i I must objcct to the limitation of dobate. ,
ji Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri If, by general 1
consent, the debate he confined to the suSijeet-
i! matter of the bill, I am very willing to have the
!i debate closed at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
j The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the res-,
'i olution m that form?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I objcct.
I Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I demand
j the previous question on my first proposition,
i The previous question was seconded, and the
" main question oidered.
The question recurred first upon Mr. Grow's
amendment.
. The amendment was not agreed to.
:i Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman from 1
| Missouri to allow me to move to amend so as to
/ make it two hours. !
i Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir; I can-
■ ' not yield further. ,
;j Mr. LOYEJOY. Then I move to lay the res- :
J olution on the table, and call for the yeas and j
1 nays upon the motion. !
- The yeas and nays were not ordered. !
The House refused to lay the resolution on the
table. *
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the resolution to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now ask for the
vote upon my motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended,and. the
House resolved into «the Committee oT the Whole
j on the state of the Union, (Mr. BARKSDALEin the
1 chair,) and resumed the consideration of the le-
| gislative, executive, and judicial appropriation
I bill.
| The CHAIRMAN stated that general debate
■ was in order for five minutes.
} The reading of the bill by paragraphs for
i amendment was then commenced.
; Mr. CURRY. I move to strike out lin^s fift.y-
| two, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-five, and fifty-six;
as follows:
: i{ For Congiessional Globe, and binding the same, $49,-
: 333 32.
i " For reporting proceedings, $18,046."
< I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I have not very
! much expectation thatmymotion will be adopted,
| though I make it in perfect good faith, and in all
! sincerity. 1 was in hopes by this time to have
; obtained some statistics, showing the greatly in-
; creased cost growing out of the publieatiag. of the
■ debates of this House. They are so manifestly
useless, and such an unnecessary tax upon the
; public Treasury, filling so many pages of the
i Congressional Globe, which are never read by
anybody, and which crowd the mails of the coun-
try, that I believe there is no expenditure of this
■ Government so useless and so worthless as that
i for the publication of the Congressional Globe.
| I confess that the reporting is done with remark-
able accuracy and precision. I have no fault to
i find with the manner in which the work is dis-
: charged. My objection grows out of the system
! of reporting which has been fastened upon the
eountiy within recent years; a system which has
fattened on what it has received, until it has
grown into a system involving a large expendi-
ture of money out of the public Treasury.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. I insist that, in the consideration
; of this bill,gentlemen shall confine their remarks
to i he pending amendments. The paragraph pro-
posed to be stricken out, is one which provides
simply for the purchase of Congressional Globes
for distribution. This distribution was author-
ized by a resolution of the Senate; and the appro-
priation is simply to purchase these books, and
hu\e tliem bound. 1 think the gentleman's re-
marks are not pertinent to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan- overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Missouri. The gentleman from Alabama is in
order.
Mr. CURRY. I want to confine my remarks
to the amendment I have olFtred; which is, to
strike out from the fifty-second t/> the fifty-sixth
line inclusive, and includes the appropriation for
lepoiting also. I do not cate, however, to extend
my remarks upon that subject; and, if the gen-
tleman from Missouri desires to hurry on with the ^
consideration of the bill, 1 will v.Tive my remarks
altogether.
Mr. P11ELPS, of Missouri. When I raised
my question of order I supposed the amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama was to strike out
only the paragraph to which I referred. But, sir,
in refcrunco to the amendment which the gentle-
man has o lie red, I have this explanation to make :
at the time the number of copies of the Congres-
sional Globe now taken by the Senate was determ-
ined, the publisher of the Globe stated that he
was not sufficiently compensated for his work,
and that if the additional number of copies was
taken he should be able to go on with the report-
ing: in the same manner that he had done up to
that time. The number of copies to be taken by
the Senate was thereupon ineieased; aud this ap-
propriation is in pursuance of that resolution of
the Senate.
The proprietor of the Globe receivc-s so much
per column for reporting, and this provision ia
