1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Atrato Ship Canal—Mr. Ward.
•Ho. of Reps.
Are we progressing in everything but mind and
patriotism? Has destiny cast upon us a heavier
load of duty than we are able to perform? Are
we unequal to the task assigned us? i trust not.
I know it is sometimes said in the country that
-Congress has degenerated. It is for us this day
to show whether it is true or not. For myself,I
do not believe it. It may be that the esprit dti corps
may have some influence on my judgment. Some-
thing may be pardoned to that. But still I feel
that I address men of as much intelligence, reflec-
tion,talent, integrity, virtue, and worth, as I have
ever met in this Hall; men not unfit to bp the
Representatives of this great, growing, and pros-
perous Confederacy. The only.rea! fitness for any
public station is to be up to the requirements of the
occasion, whatever that be. Let us, then, vindicate
our characters as fit legislators to-day; and, with
that dignity and decorum which have so signally
marked our proceedings upon other great, excit*
ing questions before, and which, whatever may
be said of our debates, may be claimed as a dis-
tinguished honor for the present House of Rep-
resentatives, let us do the work assigned us with
that integrity of purpose which discharges duty
regardless of consequences, and with a patriotism
commensurate with the magnitude of the subject
under all its responsibilities.
ATRATO SHIP CANAL—ITS IMPORTANCE TO THE
COMMERCE OP THE UNrTED STATES AND
OTHER NATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. ELIJAH WARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1859.
The House being in tlie Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union —
Mr. WARD said:
Mr Chairman: Having the honor to represent
in this honorable body a constituency vitally in-
terested in the progress of commerce, an element
which has enabled our country to attain a high
rank among the nations of the world, and to which
we must be chiefly indebted in the future for its
further growth and increased power, I feel a deep
interest in ail subjects which seem likely to aid
in the development of our commercial greatness,
and in maintaining the supremacy which we are
rapidly acquiring.
Our vast extent of territory, its fertility, min-
eral and other resources, the energy of the people,
and the great amount of capital employed, are
powerful levers in advancing the prosperity of the
. country; but the history of the past demonstrates
that no one element has had so great an influence
in the extension of commerce, and contributed so
largely to our national wealth, as increased facili-
ties for annihilating space and time by means of
railroads and canal communications. The utility
and importance of these modes of transportation
have been fuLly demonstrated. Railroads are of
comparatively recent origin, their introduction
not exceeding twenty-seven years since. "Within
that period England has expended <£300,000,000
sterling, and the United States $1,070,000,000, m
constructing railroads. Canals attracted the atten-
tion ofthe ancients. The best authenticated ac-
counts of ancient Egypt represent 44 that coun-
try intersected by canals conveying the waters of
the Nile to the rnoie distant parts of the country,
partly for the purposes of irrigation and partly for
navigation. The efforts made by the old Egyp-
tian monarchs and by the Ptolemies to construct
a canal between the Red sea and the Nile are well
known, and evince the high sense whieh they en-
tertained of the importance of this species ofcom-
mumcation.,, This work was intended fora ship
"anal to connect the Red sea with the Mediter-
ranean, (McCulloch's Commercial Dictionary.)
This locality is now attiacting public attention,
and the route has been examined and surveyed and
found to present no difficulty that cannot be re-
moved. The French projectors of the Suez canal-
contemplate its reopening, or the construction of
a parallel line connecting the two seas, which, if
carried into effect, would be of great benefit to
commercc. Canals have been constructed in
Italy, France, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Eng-
land and other countries; but it was reserved for
the State of New York to excel all other Powers
in connecting the waters of the Hudson with Lake
Erie, by means of the Erie canal.
My associations with mercantile men, myres-
idence in the commercial metropolis, have long
since induced me to examine with the greatest
attention projects that proposed to develop, in-
tercommunication. The construction of canals in
the several States, of lines of railroads leading to
all parts of the country, the introduction of our
steam marine and the many lines of clipper and
other sailing ships, induces me to believe that
much more may be done beneficially in this direc-
tion. Boston, New York, Philadelphia,Baltimore,!
Charleston, and the other sea-coast cities and
towns, as well as those in the interior, attest the
benefits of railroads and canals, interlinking and
binding the Union by ligaments of a common in-
terest too strong to be severed. Appieciating the
advantages to the country that result from the
home and foreign trade, it becomes important to
facilitate that trade in every proper manner.
With a view to increase commercial intercourse,
by diminishing the traveling distance from the
Atlantic to the Pacific ports, the subject of a ship
canal is assuming an importance commensurate
with its merits. No project of higher moment or
greater magnitude has been presented to the coun-
try.
"When, in 1513, Vasco Nufiez first beheld, from the
heights of Darien, the chores of the Pacific, its near prox-
imity to the Atlantic could not fail to lender evident the
importance of a water communication between the two
oceans. Long and vainly did the ripamards seek for a natural
channel, which might facilitate their passage to the Indies,
and when forced to abandon all hope in its existence, they'
continually directed their attention to the beat means of
opening an artificial way. The great utility of such an un-
dertaking beearn- still more evident towards the lauerpait
of the eighteenth century, which witnessed the n>ing im-
portance of flindostan, oYChina, and ofthe islands of the
Indian occau, as well as the discovery of Australia, and the
numerous inlands of the Pacific. The length of tunc re-
quired, and the danger incurred, in doubling the two tem-
pestuous capes, by winch alone the passage could be ef-
fected, served continually to keep attention fixed on the
inestimable advantages vvlncli would accrue from an niter-
oceanic communication. Various points ol Central America
were, therefoie, surveyed, and plana were proposed for ex-
ecuting this most desirable enterpiise ; but the difficulties
to be overcome appeared almost msuunouiitable, and most
ofthe projects have been tacitly abandoned.
" Hut within the last few years, the acquisition of Cali-
fornia by the United States, and the commercial activity
which resulted nom the working of the gold field*, *>o im-
mediately followed byastmilat discovery of the pn-cious.
metal in Austialia, and the consequent lapid development
of trade with that continent; the extension of commercial
euteiptise tluoughout the whole of liie Pacific and the In-
dian oceans; all concur in lendeung the realization of tins
pioject indispensable."—Kelleifs paper, read before the
institute of Civil Engineers, London, 1835.
If a passage through the isthmus can be made,
thousands of ships and vessels of all classes with
their cargoes would pass through it from and to
every clime; it woulu save thousands of miles in
sailing distance, weeks and months of time, and
the difficulties and dangers of the Capes of Good
Hope and the Horn be avoided. It would open
to our merchants new fields for enterprise and
rich markets for their wares and the various pro-
ductions of the country.
It has been carefully estimated that fourteen
thousand miles between New York and San Fran-
cisco, and ten thousand miles to China, India, Ja-
pan,and the Sandwich Islands, British Australia,
the Dutch, English and French East Indies, New
Zealand, the Russian American possessions, the
coasts of Central America on the Pacific, Chili
and Peru, or nearly in this ratio, may be saved
on every outward voyage our ships make, and
the same distance on the return.
The attainment of such great results would give
an extraordinary impulse to the commerce of the
United States and other nations. Mr. Chairman,
fiom the time of the discovery of this continent,
a short passage to the East has been constantly
desired; a region Columbus was seeking for when
he discovered the New World. The commercial
history of the past shows that whatever country
has hitherto controlled the tiade of the East, has
invariably held, for the time being, the greatest
commercial power in the world. In ancient times,
Carthage and Alexandria controlled thetrade of
the land of spices and frankincense. Venice owed
her splendor and commercial rule tothe same
cause. At a later day, when the discovery of the
passage by the Capfe of Good Hope had: been
made by the Portuguese, they held the key'to the
East. The tretde with India it) silks, fibs cottons,
linens, spices, and myrrh, give to POrthlftMuyi
a supremacy in Europe, that her rival, SJmiri, fit-
ted out the expedition which bore the discoverer
pf this continent to our shores.' It did not re'sult
in the discovery of the patfsageso ardently de-
sired, and there was almost as much disappoint-
ment felt that a way to "India was not* faundj as
there was joy at the discovery of America. "
When the Dutch, half a century or more later,
(Pjescott and Helpes,) secured a portion of'the
JnaiSifr., tfad^, they, too, reaped the benefits and
sfiired i'h tii'e immense gains. Subsequently Eng-
land disputed with Portugal and'Holland for this
trade; fierce and bloody wars were waged; awl
history now records the unrivaled extent of Eng-
lish commerce, which has vastly contributed to
her power. During the las; few years we 'have
been disputing with her for this trade; and we
have in part succeeded; but if we desire further
gains in this respcct, weinust place ourselves in
a central geographical position by making a pas-
sage through the isthmus. "
Nations have made great sacrifices to secure
the benefits of this commerce. The most recent
illustration may be found 111 the late Russian war,
which, stripped of its pretended objccts, and the
varied phrases of diplomacy, may be regarded as
a struggle for the control in the Indies and the
trade of that country; for, by possessing Con-
stantinople, Russia would irave had a transit by
the peninsula to the Persian gulf and'the Red
sea, and thence, by channels of' domroanication
now open, into the Indian ocean.
Mr. Chairman, it appears to me that no one,
familiar with the subject and the sources of com-
mercial strength and power, can justly doubt the
importance and utility of an inter-oceanic com-
munication, by means of a ship-canal- The main
point to be determined is, whether it is feasible;
has any route been discovered that:sciencei skill,
and energy, can overcome, within such a cost as
to make its prosecution and completion prtfctica-
ble ? While the subject has occupied attention for
several generations, more recent elaborate explo-
rations and surveys indicate only five or Six routes
as at all practicable. In this connection, engineer-
ing problems are not so difficult of solution, as to
obtain the capital required in the experiments and
accomplishment. The routes to which public
attention has been drawn are: 1. Tehuantepec;
2. Honduras; 3. Nicaragua; 4. Panama; 5. San
Miguel; 6. Chipo; and 7. The Atrato.
In examining the several routes, my attention
has been particularly attracted to the Atrato for
its practicability; and more especially, because it
can be constructed without locks, and at much
less co3t, for the same sized canal, than at any
other point. These routes I propose briefly to
examine.
1. The Tehuantepcc route commences on the
Bay of Vera Cruz, in longitude 21° from Wash-
ington, and, crossing the dividing ranges of the
water sheds of the continent, extends to the Pu-
ebla of Tehuantepec, on the Pacific. The dis-
tance is one hundred and eighty-six miles, and
the summit level at the pass of Nisi Correjoris
eight hundred and fifty-five above the level of the
sea. The topographical features of the country
are a great general slope from the sea, on either
side, to the summit, which is nearer to the Pa-
cific than to the Atlantic.
No water exists at a sufficient elevation to op-
erate a canal with loclcs,f even if locks were not
objectionable, as they are, where they can be dis-
pensed with; arid to make an open cut from sea
to sea would cost, as nearly as I have been able
to learn, over a thousand million dollars.
The data upon which my conclusions are
! founded was collected by the Government engi-
! neers. This line, although favorable for a railroad
—a point which I do not question—still it is not,
in my judgment, adapted for a ship-canal. Since
accurate surveys were made, its practicability, I
believe, has not been urged.
2. The Honduras line lies eastward ofthe Ealize,
and runs in nearly a southerly dircctiori across
