750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
mean that they shall eke out the compensation: by-
side measures and side interests, then cut down
your compensation. If you mecfh to represent
only the wealth of the country, then let those men
•who are wealthy alone come here; but if you
mean to throw these places open to all, then your
compensation should be sufficient to attract men
Of ambition, and who may not have resources
sufficient to support themselves here.
Now, I ask the committee, in all fairness,
"whether the compensation, both of salary and
mileage, is so large for any member as to attract
an undue number of competitors merely for the
pay? If there be'competiuon, it is not alone for
the pay, but for the honor, too. I ask how many
members there are in this House who could not,
in pursuing their own professions, make quite as
much as they make here? I ask whether there
is a member—I care not fiom what portion of the
Confederacy—who does not give a portion </fhis
service, at least, for the distinction of his posi-
tion? Sir, a member from Oregon or California
may get a large mileage; but, I ask you, how are
you going to avoid it ? Are you going to say that
a man who comes from California is not at more
expense than the man who lives right near here;
the man who gives up everything for two years;
who cannot go back; jvho must abandon all his
business, and turn over his interests to others?
Are you going to measure his losses and his in-
conveniences by the losses and the inconveniences
of a member who lives near this city ? If you are
going to change this whole matter, then, sir,
change it so as to make the Government here rep-
resent only the wealth of the country. I am ready
to meefthat issue to-morrow. 1 am ready, if the
gentleman desires it, to vote now that no mem-
ber of Congress shall have one dollar of compen-
sation; but if you vote them anything, then 1 will
vote a sufficiency. Bur, 1 say that the present
salary is itself, aa a more money calculation, in-
sufficient. I have never shrunk irom voting-
proper pay to the higher officers nf the Govern-
ment. 1 believe that it is just economy; and I be-
lieve that if the salaries of the various heads of
Departments and members of Congress were ad-
vanced, that you would accomplish economy in
other ways. I will not consent, then, to any
course of policy in legislation which cuts off the
salaries of members of this House; for I think
that they aie not now too large.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. J31NGHAM. I move tostrikc out ${-i00,QU0
in the sixty-third line.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 rise t<> a question
of order. J understand that this appropriation is
designed to meet the requirements of existing law;
that this sum is necessary to pay the mileage of
members for the year terminaiinl; June oil, 18(10.
If that be so, thm proposition to reduce the np-
priation is a change of the existing law, mid the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM, That is, in my judgment,
no question of oider. The gentleman's objection
is not well taken.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am stating my
point of order, and I think that it is well taken.
A proposition to reduce the appropriation is an
indirect mode of changing existing law, and is not
in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. From the position assumed
by the gentleman from Virginia, it would be out
of order to reduce any appropriation here what-
ever, and that we must vote for whatt ver amount
may be found m the bill as it is reported by the
standing committee. That is the sum and sub-
stance of his point of order. My amendment is
to strike out $200,000, so that the appropriation
will be reduced to $1,019,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of ouler of the gymleman from Virginia,
upon the ground that it is competent for the com-
mittee to fix the sum to carry out the existing law,
or, indeed, not to make any appropriation to-carry
it out.
Mr. BINGHAM. T do not object, sir, to n fair
compensation being allowed by law to any man
who may be sent here as a Representative of tin-
people; hut I do object to the unequal compensa-
tion now auihouztid by law, and the payment of !
which is about to be provided for by this bill. The
law allows to certain Delegates upon this "floor
fjIS,OCOin round numbeis, for a single tei m of ser-
vice here ;ar;d for the same service which in required
to be rendered of my friend on my right, the hon-
orable member from Maryland, the sum of $6,061.
That is what I object to. I object to this appro-
priation which allows as mileage alone, the sum
of £11,900 to the Delegates from Washington and
Oregon respectively, while the same appropriation
gives only sixty-four dollars to the members from
Maryland. I submit to the committee that $18,000
is not necessary, and that it is not fair or just to
appropriate such a sum as compensation to any
man for his service of representing for a single
term any portion of the United States; that such
appropriation for such service is a public abuse.
In order to reach this abuse, I have been con-
strained to make the^notion to strike out £200,000
from the appropriation, which is the amount to
be applied m payment of mileage for the next
session, if the bill should pass as it now stands re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
" Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will that correct it >
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly; there will be no
money left with which to pay the mileage. There
will be enough with which to pay the compensa-
tion. The gentleman complains because the words
" and mileage" are notstneken out. That is not
my fault. I made the motion to strike out, and
a question of order was raised to it on that side
of the House. The Chair sustained the question
of order—of which I do not complain—andsodid
the committee by the aid of tbatgentleman's vote,
and now lie complains because my motion does
not strike out the word mileage. The gentleman
says that these gentlemen may, after all, if this
sum be reduced, receive their mileage. I take it
that they will not receive their mileage and com-
pensation, because there will not be money enough
appropriated to pay it, if my amendment should
be adopted. This sum of $200,000 covers the en-
tire mileage of this House fiom the commence-
ment of the next term down to the 30th of Jane,
IbGO. The money, then, will not be appropriated
I out of which to pay this enormous compensation
| $17,900 to Delegates from Washington and
; Oregon. I know thai this matter oughtto be pro-
i vided for in another way. A bill ought to be re-
| ported and passed, dunging the present compen-
j sation of member of Congress, and repealing the
1 law by which §1 ] ,900 is paid to some members for
j mileage, and sixty-four dollais to others. There
I should be ageneral proviMon giving to cach mem-
| ber a full and fair compensation for his actual ex-
| penses in coming to and returning from the capital
: at each session nf Congress. This would be fair,
; equitable, just: but as it stands, the compensation
; is unfair, unequitable, and unjust. 1 hope, there-
, fore, that the committee will adopt my amend-
1 ment.
i Mr. PHILLIPS. The question nowpicscntcd
i is identically the same as was presented to the
! consideiatjon of the commiHtf a few days since.
If £enth-men on the other side of the House are
siiic.ut'ly anxion.i for reform, why do they not
commence at the right end and in the right way?
Dot 55 the "entleman from Ohio believe for one
moment, that by striking at the $500,000, he will
curtail the mileage allowed by existing laws ? He
, will not sav " yes ?"
j* Mr. BINGllAM. It wilt withhold, to some
1 extent, the payment of mileage, and the gentle-
, man knows it.
i Mi. PHILLIPS. Will, Mr. Chairman, I will
never vote to withhold an appropriation for a
; deb t made. What is the effect of it' The effect
, of it iy that we wtli continue to owe the money.
! The salary of members of Confess is fixed by
; law. The amount of mileage is fixedly law. If
■ it is unequally fixed, adjust it, instead" of with-
; holding an appropriation which elieeU nothing
■ except the declaration that we will not now appwo-
! priate money to pay a debt incurred. If g>mtle-
■ men think the piesent system of mileage is un-
| equal, let the in pi opes-" some i efoi m. No qu< wtion
has occasioned more embarrassment than this
vury question of mileage. It iS haid to equahze it.
I may speak of it. because, with one or two ex-
■ ct'ptiutis, I draw the least mileage of any member
: on this floor. In my judgment, the system is en-
tirely correct. Every additional mile of distance
i fiem a man's home and his family and his busi-
■ jiesij, ou'.'Jit to be proportionately well paid for.
: I dissent fiom the doctrine of the gentleman
fjum Soviih Cu1 '>!ine, [Mi. Leitt. j 1 do not hold
that mileage is, m any w uy, a part of the compen-
sation of members. Th^ compensation of all is
alike. It is fixed by law. A*nd, in my opinion,
it is hardly defensible now for gentlemen, who
have had opportunity afteropportunity to reform
this matter, and who never complained of it, to
stand up now and object to it. If there be any
better system devised', I am ready to vote for it;
but I know of none better than the present. It
sounds hard, perhaps, that Delegates from Wash-
ington and Oregon Territories should get $19,000,
while my colleague here [Mr. Florence] only
draws $112. But my colleague is but five hours
from his own home. He can hear from his family-
.in a few minutes. He can learn all about his busi-
ness, about his family, and about everything he
is interested in at home. He can learn the wishes
of his constituents, and can occasionally leceive
their rebukes.
Now, Mr. Chairman, who will say that he
should receive the same amount of mileage as a
Delegate from Oregon or Washington, to whom
a letter, or any intelligence from home, once a ses-
sion, is a very great luxury, indeed ?
But, besides the objection to changing the sys-
tem, I object to this mode of attempting to do that
which may be really desirable^ in this way, as an
amendment to an appropriation bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Bingham's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. KELSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment;
Provided, That each metnlnn and delegate shall joceive
mileage at tho i.ite now allowed by law for traveling two
hundied and Qtrvimle.?, or Jes-;, and that for tiaveling all
ovet two hundred and fifty miles, ten cents per mile shall
be allowed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I raise the point of order
that the amendment proposes to change an exist-
ing law, and is not m order.
Mr. KELSEY. The proposition is one so
manifestly just that no p^int of order should be
taken upon it.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The amendmentis clearly
out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, after the word "compensation," the
words u and mileage," and to reduce the amount
to ■$] ,039,000.
I am perfectly aware, Mr. Chairman, that no
man can agitate any change m the matter of mile-
lj age without subjecting himself to suspicions of
; insincerity; but I see no reason why there is not a
j stronger obligation on us to regulate, on just and
1 equitable principles, our own compensation, than
i to regulate the compensation of other employes
i of the Government. No man can give a satisfac-
• tory answer to the inquiry of my colleague [Mr.
i Bingham] as to what good reason there can be
! why the trentlemen from California should each
j receive $18,000, while the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] receives $6,000. There is no
, answer to if.
: The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
i Kf.itt] objects that there can be no^ecjuahz ition,
I because you cannot equalize men's intelligence
I and capacity. I would be glad to know if any
j gentleman claims that the difference in the rate of
j compensation has any referer.ee now to tue intel-
I hgence and capacity of the members who receive
; that compensation? Is it true that the gentlemen
i from California are each worth, that much more
1 than my fnend from Mai viand ' I apprehend that
! that is hardly claimed. The nha of compensa-
i tinn, I take u, ih that oir.h member's service is
! worihthesame sum. Therein no inequality recog-
, mzed by the law as to the valie1 of the servicc of
! members; and, ns a ma'ter of course, any refer-
- ence to the qualification of niembvis must be cn-
i tirely out of the question.
1 Now, if will be reoilecteil, and if we do not
! understand it, the counnyT will, that the compen-
sation of eight doilais for each twenty-five miles
: of travel was fixed at a time when traveling was
a slow business anJ an expensive business; and
it was fixed a5* a compensation for the expense
: and labor of travel, and nothing else. That was
: the principle upon which Congress proceeded
then. Bat no gentleman wiil pretend to claim that,
with the mcieased facilities of travel, when you
: can now travel five hundred miles in t\venty-*bur
hour-?, th's mileage is any compensation for travel
As the facilities of trav< I have increased, the ex-
pense-; have diminished, and the time occupied in
, traveling to and from the seat of Government has
diminished.
