1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
Now, sir, my plan for arranging this matter
is this: to carry out the system of my senior col-
league, [Mr. Giddings,] and simply strike out
the appropriation for the mileage of the members
and Delegates of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, and
leave that Congress to fix their chvn mileage. I
therefore have proposed this amendment; and I
hope the committee will adopt it, and allow us to
have a vote upon it in the House. Let us put
ourselves upon the record. I want the respons-
ibility of keeping up this system of mileage to
rest where it properly belongs.
Mr, BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether bis amendment will ac-
complish the object which he indicates—that of
correcting the present system of mileage?
Mr. STANTON. It will to this extent. The
members of the next Congress will not be paid
mileage under the present system, unless they
make the appropriation themselves. It does not
affect the mileage of the present Congress at all.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to make
one or two remarks in answer to what has been
said by the gentleman from Ohio who has just
taken his seat, [Mr. Stanton,] and in answer to
two or three gentlemen who have spoken from
the other side of the House. Gentlemen say
that the Delegate from Oregon receives more mile-
age than the gentleman from Maryland. Well,
sir, I submit that he ought to receive more. The
gentleman from Maryland can go home at any
time and engage in the practice of his profession,
as he is very often in the habit of going, and make
§1,000 upon a case in which he maybe engaged,
in a single day; while the Delegate from Oregon
cannot even go home once during a session of
Congress, to attend to any personal business
whatever. It is within my knowledge, that many
gentlemen upon this floor, and particularly upon
the other side «f the House, are in the habit of j
going home during the sessions of the House to j
attend to their own personal business; and some I
of them are at home for three quarters of the ses- j
sion. I know^further, that by the votes of gen-
tlemen upon that side, this House took a recess
for eleven days during the present session; and
that those gentlemen went home and indulged in i
all the luxuries of their families, while those of us
who were too far away from home to allow us to
return there, were compelled to remain here at our
own expense. Thus, sir, while the gentleman from
Maryland is allowed to go home at any time, and
to make thousands of dollars in a session by his
profession, the gentleman from Oregon is not per-
mitted to attend to any of his private business.
I say it is right that he should receive larger com-
pensation. And, sir, the majority of this House,
living near the seat of Government, can at any
time they please adjourn over the House, to the
detriment of the public business; leaving those of
us who cannotgo home, here at our own expense;
yet these gentlemen, for the purposes of the elec-
tion m 1860, I suppose, will go to the country
with the miserable cry of economy. That is all
I desire to say.
The question being upon Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment,
Mr. DEAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Branch
and Mott were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—nyes 67, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend theclause,
by striking out the words, " and mileage," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words, " and the ac-
tual expenses of traveling by the most direct
route from their homes to and from the Capitol."
Mr. KELSEY. That is all right; but is it in
order?
Mr. KEITT. I want to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I will hear it.
Mr. KEITT. Does the gentleman offer the
amendment, changing the existing law, and re-
ducing the emoluments,because it does not affect
himself?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, not for that reason ;
but I can say to the gentle man fiomSuuth Carolina,
that u will not affect him any more than myself.
ill. KEITT. Yes, it would. 1 am reelected.
Tne CHAIRMAN This amendment would
change the existing law; and, in the opinion of
the Chair, it is out of order.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Virginia
has not answered my question.
The question recurring on Mr. Giddings's mo-
tion to strike out the whole clause as amended,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nichols and
Peyton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tollers reported
—ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS^ I move to amend the clause
providing for the compensation of the employes
of this House, by inserting thcfollowingproviso:
Provided, That in no case shall any employd of this
House receive less pay than that provided lor in the joint
lesolution of July 50,1804, any resolution of the Uou^e to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that the employes of this House are paid
under a resolution, and that amendment would
change the existing order of the House upon the
subject; and that, therefore, it is not in order.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to say a word upon
that point of order, and to direct#the gentleman's
attention to one thing. I anticipated this point
of order. The pay of the employes of this House
was fixed, in 3854, by a deliberate act of Con-
gress. Subsequent to that time, certain resolu-
tions were passed by this House which, at the
Treasury Department, and by the gentleman from
Kentucky himself, were construed to be null and
void, because they conflicted with the law of Con-
gress. After that, a simple resolution was intro-
duced into this House, and carried through under :
a suspension of the rules, changing a law of Con- j
gress by a vote of the House itself, and without |
the concurrence of the other two branches of the 1
law-making power. Now, here comes m an ap- ;
propriation bill which provides for the payment
of the employes, not according to law at all, but
according to a resolution of the House, which,
without the concurrence of the other branch of
Congress, repeals the law. 1 say there is no ;
warrant for that; and if the decision of the Ex- i
ecutive Department and the decision of both
branches of Congress are woith anything, I say
that that resolution, in regard lo the salaries of
the employes of this House is null and void, and
amounts to nothing.
Mr. BURNETT. I want the oar of tho Chair j
for one moment. If the gentleman from Ohio is ;
right, then his proviso is a nullify; beeau.se, if the j
act of Congress, which fixes the compensation, is j
to control, then the resolution of the House fixing
that compensation amounts to nothing, and it is i
unnecessary for us to pass another resolution. |
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the |
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to be in !
order under the 81st rule, which provides that— j
"No appropriation shall be reported m such geneial ap !
propnatioii bills or be in oider as an amendment tboie;u, j
lor any expenditure not pieviously authorized hv law. un j
less in continuation of appiopnations tor such public worlcs j
and objects a* aro ahoady in preipcj^, and f<u (lie eontin- i
gcncies fot carrying on tne seveial Departments of the Gov !
eminent." I
This expenditure is authot ized by existing law, ;
and is clearly m order under the rules of the
House. !
Mr. BURNETT. One word.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from j
Kentucky appeal from the decision of th<> Chair? I
Mr. BURNETT. [ do not; but I think Liie do- j
cision of the Chair is clearly wrong. j
Mr. NICUOLS. I wish to submit an amend- j
merit; and 1 do not want what has been said on 1
the point of ord^r to come out of my tune, iy.sk
the attention of the committee; and I wish to say,
mi starting, and to say distinctly, that, so far as 1 !
am y^divitiually emeu ned, i c^ie very huh* about 1
this amendment; but there are pnucipka of truth
and justice which, I btinve, ought to pevail >
everywhere. That is all that t ask; nothing more, i
Now, sir, I am about to n-tire from public life 1
here. I have been here a sdiorf. time, and i find
a strange feature existing in the legislation of the t
country; and it l; this: i turn to ihtj first part of J
this bill—;md i wish my friend fiom Kentucky
[Mr Bui nei't] to notice it—and 1 find that the
kJenato pay about double the saluiies to their em-
ployed thai this Houso pay to their employes,
in ihe second place, i come to the organization '
of the Tlouse itself, and 1 find two departments i
connected with it with salaries paid which are '
very disproportionate to those of the Doorkeeper's ■
department. I hear a good many things said here;
some just, and a great many, in my humble opin-
ion, unjust. But I recognize no such distinction
between the men employed about the Hall here
and myself, as would warrant me for a moment
in allowing them to work for a deficient pay,
when, by the votes of this body and the other
branch of Congress, the pay of ourselves has been
increased.
I now come back, sir, to a simple proposition;
and i ask every fair and just man to answer me
this question: why will you bring men here—men
of the dominant party, (for there is not a man
that I am interested in employed about here;)
why, I ask, will you bring men here, and give them
employment, and put them at the same pay that
you give the man who makes the fires, and then
associate with them on terms of gentlemanly in-
tercourse ? I say that the resolution passed here
in May, of the last session, is unjust to the em-
ployes of the Doorkeeper's department, and un-
just to the man who fills the position of Door-
keeper; because you give to the Postmaster and
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, and others, a salary
which you do not give to him. How is he infe-
rior? Answer me the question? How are these
gentlemen that you yourselves on the opposite
side of the House—you of the dominant party—
have brought here and put in positions, how are
they inferiortoothergentlemen whohold positions
under the Government? Why do you select them
as a class, and strike their pay down, and refuse
to give them that which you recognize,in your
own sense of private right, as just to give them ?
I say, Kir, that the amendment ought to prevail.
I believe in perfect equality in regard^to these
things. If these men are to be the victims, go fur-
ther, and strike at all the employes, and reduce
all their salaries.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, I am not
for the reduction of salaries below what is a fair
compensation for the employes connected with
any department of this Government, and I never
have been. I am for a system, however,of pay
equal to the service rendered, and that will com-
mand the services of men qualified for the various
positions. But, sir, there is one remarkable fact
connected with the legislation of Congress, and
which is, in my judgment, disgraceful. Theie
has not been a session of Congress since I have
been here, not one, sir, that we have not been
called on from time to time to pass resolution af-
ter resolution fixing the compensation of the em-
ployes, and changing their compensation, until
theie is not an officer about this House who can
exactly tell what he is entitled to, or who can tell
the number of employes allowed under the law,
or what is their compensation. There is not a
member upon this floor who can tell how many
employes the Clerk is entitled to, how many the
Doorkeeper, indeed, how many any, but the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, is entitled to.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. BURNETT, Excuse me; I have only a
few minutes. It is this constant bringing m ques-
tions; making orders of the House; and chang-
ing the existing laws to which I object. I appeal to
the experience of every gentleman here, and I ask
them whether the time has not arrived when this
thing ought to cease ? Ought we notto put a stop
to these never-ending importunities ? Not a day,
not a week of the session, that does not see some
resolution from one or the other departments of
the Government asking for some change in refer-
ence to its organization, and the number of its
employes. We had one on Monday last, and
others i have no doubt, are now in the pockets
of members, to change the organization of the
several departments connected with this llouse.
Whv am I opposed to this amendment ? I mado
a point of order on it but the Chair overruled me.
1 do not stop to complain of that; 1 am opposed
to any innovation upon the existing orders of the
present legislation of the country in an appropri-
ation bill, and when it is sprung upon us when
we have not the facts in connection with it. Why
am I opposed to u in this case? Because the
House haveahcady suspended the iuleb,aiid fixed
the number and compensation of tiieise men; and
if men have taken these positions willing to re-
ceive the pay attached to them, then let them
stand to their bargain. That is the reason why
I am opposed to it.
