130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
The Senator from New York said, the other
day, that the action of the Senate in a contested
election was an ordinary legislative resolution;
that it could be reconsidered, could be rescinded,
could be repealed, at any time—not merely within
the two days given by our rules for moving a
reconsideration, but during the whole period of
six years for which a Senator may be chosen.
What a monstrous doctrine ! There sits the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] whose seat
was contested. The Senate adjudicated it in his
favor. My opinion was then that he had not
been legally elected. I continue of that opinion;
I have never changed from that hour to this; but
the Senate decided otherwise. Can I to-morrow,
and next day, and every day during the whole
of his term, move the Senate to order an inquiry
again whether that Senator was duly admitted to
his seat? When is it to end >
There sits the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] who was ousted of Ins seat by a vote two
sessions ago—wrongfully ousted, in my opinion,
as I said and voted at the tune. Suppose he had
not been reelected; suppose some other gentleman
had been chosen in his place, and had come hither
and been sworn in, and was sitting in his seat,
and I should come, day after day, and week after
week, with a petition from that gentleman, that
the Senate would admit him to the floor, and allow
him to argue his case, over and over and over again:
is there to be no end to these things5 What do
our decisions amount to? The Constitution does
not make our decisions upon tho question of elec-
tion a legislative act. The legislative powers of
the Senate are to be exercised codulimuely with
the House (^Representatives; but the power which
"we exercise in deciding upon the election of a
Senator is our power. It is judicial in its charac-
ter. The Constitution uses tho very word that
constitutes it a judicial act: " Rach House shall
be the judge of the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its own members;" and our act, in
deciding upon an election, is as completely a ju-
dicial act as is the action of the House of Peers
in Great Britain, when they hear a wnt of error
to an inferior court. In saying this, I not only
express my own opinion, according to the uni-
versal and lmmemormlly settled law in the Brit-
ish Parliament and in this country, but I cite an
authority which f suppose may stand m this
Chamber, possibly, against the opinions of the
Senatorfrom Vermont, [Mr. Coli.\mkr,J and the
Senator from New York, [ Mr. Seward, j I allude
to the late Chancellor Kent. Commenting on this
very clause of the Constitution, he says:
u Each Houac is made the snip judge ot the election,re-
turn, and qualifications of its mcmbcis. The ^aino powoi
i* vested in the British House of Common?-, and in the Le-
nines ot the several rttateri; and theie is no other body
known to the Constitution 10 which such a powvi nn^ht
s-afrlv be misted. It h requisite to piesorve a pure and
wiinlie representation, and 10 eontiol the evils of lingular,
eortupt, and tumultuous He*, lion1-; and as each Tlnn^e acf-i
in llie«e case* in a j udu i<d iVr, its deewion^, iike the
doei'iiou* of any other eomi of jinnee, ouyht to be regu-
lated by known piivile^es of law, and Mrietty adheied to,
for the s-ake of uniformity and eejuhuy."—•'Kenf* C'om-
me ntai ics, vol. 1, p.nl 2, hie 11, p 2 IS
That is all the Committee on the Judiciary have
icported. At the last session, on tho resolution
of the Senate, the credential* of the present Sen-
ators fiom Indiana, with tho protests of a num-
ber of eleciors, and a vast body proofs, doc-
umentary and m depositions, were referred to the
committee. They were carefully examined m the
committee. From first to last, my recollection
is that the case was befoie the Committee on the
Judiciary moie than a year. The committee at
last arnved at a conclusion. That conclusion
was reported to the Senate. It was debuted at
greatlen^th. The Senate, concurred with the ma-
jority of the committer', and tho present Senators
Irom Indiana weie confnne'd in their seats.
What was the object of all that, if it decided
nothing; if the same question could be mooted
again, and at any future time ? 1 have not said
that that decision is absolutely intalhblo, but 1
have s&id that it is an end of that case, as to all
matters then alleged, if any new cause of dis-
qualification can be shown as to either of the pres-
ent Senator, that is open; but the judgment is
conclusive of all the premises then before the tri-
bunal.
The Senator from Vermont puts a suppositi-
tious case. He says, suppose a Senator were
admitted here with a forged credential, and his
seat were affirmed by a vote of the Senate: could
it not afterwards be shown that the credential was
forged? To some extent it might. If the fact of
forgery had not been alleged at the time of the
decision, if it had not been a matter considered
and decided at that time, it might be shown after-
wards; but if it had been alleged that the creden-
tial was forged, and that question of forgery had
been tried and settled, that would be an end of it,
completely and forever.
But is said there are new parties presented.
What new parties? The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] said the other day that the
Legislature of Indiana was now a party. How
comes the Legislature of Indiana to be a party ?
The present Legislature of Indiana had no more
power than the last Legislature—not so much;
certainly no more; and the last Legislature, as a
Legislature, had no poweratall overthis subject;
it was a college of electors. Any elector, or any
number of eleciors, a majority or a minority, had
a right to protest against the election, and that
protest brought before us the question of the reg-
ularity and validity of the election. They did pro-
test, so many Senators, so many Representatives.
That was the case we heard; that was the case
we decided. AH the Senators and all the Repre-
sentatives in the present Legislature of Indiana
are nothing but the successors of those who pro-
tested. It might as well be said that, if the Gov-
ernor were to write us a letter on the subject, it
would intioduee a new party. There can be no
new pnrty. If that decision was a valid and reg-
ular decision upon the controversy as then made,
it binds the present Legislature of Indiana; it
binds every fuUue Legislature of Indiana; it binds
everybody who claims any title under that Legis-
lature, or in any manner. Did it bind the two
Senators? Suppose they had been ousted from,
instead of confirmed in, their seals,and had come
buck at this session and asked us to hear the case
again: what should we have said? All these Sen-
ators would have been universally indignant, and
said, " why, we decided your case last session;
go your way."' It was conclusive on them; that
is very certain. Why is it not conclusive on the
other side ?
However, sir, it appears to me to be utterly
idle to controvert this matter. There is nothing
alleged m the memorial of the Legislative of In-
diana, there is nothing alleged in the brief (as they
call it) of those gentlemen, which was not before
the committee and the Senate at the last session.
There is not a single fact alleged that was not al-
leged at that tune. There is not even a single
legal proposition urged, which was not urged at
that time, and quite as well urged. We may have
erred in fact; we may have erred in law. I do
not think so; i did not think so then; but whether
we erred or not, we heaid it all, we considered u
all, and we decided it all; arid the object of my
amendment is to say, that when the Senate of the
United States has decided a contested election,the
decision binds all parties so far as the matters
then in controversy are concerned If there be
new facts not brought to light in the former in-
vestigation, that may be a different question.
That is not this case.
1 say 1 do not think we erred before. For one,
there has not only never been any question brought
to me for decision, either as a legislator or ju the
couise of considerable experience in tho practice
of the law, to which I gave a more deliberate, un-
biased, and, so far as I am capable, impartial
consideintion, than 1 srave to this case; and the
conclusion of all my deliberation was expressed
Hi my vote. 1 believe the present Senators Irom
Indiana areas legally and rightfully elected as
any Senators on this iloor, and are quite as much
entitled to their seats as I am to nune.
Hut, sir, it is said that the House of Represent-
atives made a different decision in the Twenty-
Fifth Congress, I cannot see the appiopriateness
of that citation in any manner. In the first place,
there is this wide diiferenee between the action of
the House of Representatives m conu&ted cases,
and the action of the Senate: the House has an
innumerable body of electors; that is to say, the
number of qualified electors of a Representative
cannot be ascertained; they are the people of a
particular district of country; they may be ten
thousand; they may be one hundred thousand;
but the electors of a Senator are always fixed;
they are the members of a State Legislature; and
the constitution of the State defines how many of
those members there shall be. Therefore, where
it is impossible to ascertain, from the circum-
stances, who was the choice of a majority of the
electors, or whether a majority of the electors
ever signified any choice, or whether the election
was tumultuous, or whether it was in such cir-
cumstances as to mislead a large number of the
ejectors, then the House claims, as the House of
Commons has always claimed, the right to set
aside the whole election, and order a new one.
That arises from the impossibility of fixing the.
whole number of electors. That difficulty does
not exist with us. We know the electors of a
Senator; we know what is a majority of the
whole number; and, therefore, the Senate -has
never exercised the power of setting aside an elec-
tion because it was impossible to ascertain the
will of a majority of the electors. That simple
fact explains this whole Mississippi case.
Certain gentlemen came here at the extra session
of the Twenty-Fifth Congress—Messrs. Clai-
borne and Gholson. At that time, there was, in
fact, no provision by the law of Mississippi for
the election of Repiesentatives until, 1 think, the
month of November; but there was a provision in
her law that, whenever there was a vacancy in the
representation from that State, caused by death,
resignation, or otherwise, the Governor should
issue a proclamation for a special election. Sup-
posing that provision of the law t© be applicable
to the case, the Governor of Mississippi did order
an election for Representatives during that special
session about to be held. The proclamation was
simply void, because a Representative in the other
House cannot be elected for only one session, un-
less to fill an unexpired term. Messrs Claiborne
and Gholson were elected for that special session.
They came to the House with their credentials.
I believe the credentials specified on their face that
they were elected only for the session; but I am
not so certain about that. At all events, there be-
ing no opposition, they were sworn m; and their
credentials were referred to the committee. The
committee, while admitting the fact that the Gov-
ernor's proclamation, to this extent, for a special
session, was & nullity, nevertheless held—or that
is the legal effect of it; I do not care what this
man, that man, or the other, may have said m a
speech; I am speaking of it as a decision, and of
tho legal principles on which it must stand, if it
stands at all—the House held that, for aught that
appeared, although there was no law authorizing
that election, although the proclamation was a
nullity, yet, there being no contrary allegation, as
a majoiity of the qualified electors had met to-
gether in due form, and had made choice of Messrs.
Claiborne and Gholson to represent them in Con-
gress, they should be admitted. So it stood, like
the case of Jennings, the Delegate from the North-
west Territory, cited by the Senator fiom Geotgia
[Mr. Toombs] at the last session, and many other
cases, where, in the absence of any law or any
usage, the majority of the duly-qualified electors,
on notice to the rest, having made due choice, that
choice shall stand.
These gentlemen were admitted. By-and-by,
in October or November, the legular time of elec-
tion for Congressmen in Mississippi came on; the
people went to vote at that election, and Messrs.
Prentiss and Woid claimed to have, and probably
had, a majority of the votes on that occasion.
They then came to Congress, and it appeared to
the House thata new element was introduced into
the discussion; that Messrs. Claiborne and Ghol-
son had been admitted originally, upon the sup-
position that the qualified electors had acceded to
the first election although it was illegal, whereas
it appeared that they had not; for a great many
voted at the regular time. But the House did not
reveise its former decision; the House did not
seat Prentiss and Ward; the House set aside the
whole election, as it might well do, and referred
it to tho people, exercising therein that peculiar
privilege of a House whose members have unas-
certained constituencies. That is the whole case,
and it is the only case that has been cited in the
whole history of parliamentary law. It is a
