754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
even in this country ? Of those that work the soil,
how many till it for others, obtaining a bare sub-
sistence for themselves ?
God never intended that " briars and thorns"
should grow where there was a man to plant " fig
trees and olives;" nor wild flowers bloom where
there was one to sow " wheat and barley." Any
contrivance of men, by Governments or corpora-
tions, whereby those who would labor are pre-
vented from laboring, is, to that extent, a mis-
chievous contrivance. Lqok at England; thirty
millions population, and, thirty thousand real-
estate owners. Be*hold Ireland ! think of*their
pauperism and shudder! " My lord" owns the
soil, and keeps it for game. The peasant*starves
for want of a place to plant the necessaries of life.
Men and Governments should study the indica-
tions of the Divine mind, and be governed thereby
in all their actions^ They should study them in
nature, in providence, in His word. There can
be no permanent prosperity in any other path than
in obedience to Him.
It has been asserted as a rule, that man may
use his property as he pleases. The rule is cor-
rect, with the restriction, however, that he must
souse it as not to injure his neighbor, nor the
State or kingdom of which he is a citizen. The
highest equity recognizes this limitation. Our
courts grant injunctions upon it. A man may not
engross the market. He may not own above a
given amount of bank stock. Upon what prin-
ciple is it that corporations, classes, or Govern-
ments, may monopolize a country 's land ? I might
ask, upon what principle is it that individuals may
do it, to an unlimited extent? This, however, is
no issue now, nor likely to be in our day, in this
country. I propose to argue only practical ques-
tions. Let us recur to the question, upon what
principle is it that whole tracts of fertile soil may
be locked up for years in non-production, when
labor is demanding the free use of its power in pro-
duction ? When, wilh its use, it would supply
its own wants, next those of its community, next
of its nation, and then of the world,
Monopolies in personalty, arc unlike monopo-
lies in lands. They first work out thoir own rem-
edy in their transitory and fading nature. They
compel distribution at prices, frequently, below
a fair value. Meats, grams, dry goods, food of
every description, cattle, and stock, may be ag-
gregated ancl monopolized. The expense of keep-
ing them, as well as their perishable nature, will
compel distribution. Hut if it did not, stiil mo-
nopolies of them would be less injurious than of
land. Their aggregation and monopoly does not
prevent new productions, if they should diaw
enormous profits, new creations are going on to
supply now wants. Labor may continue topio-
duce. The necessaries of life, its comfoits and
luxuries, spnng from the ground and distil from
" the morning cloud."
It is very diileient in the exclusion of our race
from the soil. Agriculture is the foundation of
all production absolutely necessary for the use
or comfort of man. lie must eat and be clothed,
to live, to think, to modify mattei into ten thou-
sand forms for his use. JJy locking up the soil,
you dry up the fountain of life and being.
The proposition was'advanced that Uovern-
ments as well as individuals, should study the in-
dications of the Divine wilt. A homestead bill,
so far from being the invention of a demagogue's
brain, is the conception of the Divine mind. The
only one we read of in the history of the past,
is that ordained by God for the Hebrew peo-
ple.
When He chose the race of Abraham "out of
all the nations of the earth," to be the model na-
tion in the past, as it is to he m the future, and
in it to bless ail other nations, it was meet that
He should instruct it; that lie should give it un-
derstanding; chat lie tshu* M not leave it to its own
wisdom. He did instruct it in religion, in gov-
ernment, m the moat jaw of right and wiong.
From the place wheie " tin- surht of the glory of
the Lord was like devouring fire upon the top of
the mount, "he spake to it. f Je gave it three great
laws: the law of sm, that is, the law which de-
fined sin, contained in the ten commandments;
the law^ of civil government, like our own,
funded in all its great features of civil and crim-
inal jurisprudence, upon the first law;and thirdly,
the law of its jreligion, or, to speak more accu-
rately, the ceremonies of jts worship. The law
of right and wrong, as contained in the first, all
civilized and enlightened nations have recognized
as correct, as in accordance with the individual
and social necessities of our race, by founding
their governments upon it. In the second great
law of the Hebrews, that is, their civil law, there
were doubtless many things peculiar from their
situation, their locality, the climate, and the man-
ners and customs of the people by whom they
were surrounded; but, in the great features of
their civil and criminal jurisprudence, it is
doubted by the profoundest theologians and most
philosophic statesmen whethe
been surpassed.
ologian
r tlrey
have ever
In human government, it establishes " an eye
for an eye," "a tooth for a tooth," "life for life."
To the latter we still adhere. He who deliber-
ately takes life, of him life is required. Would
it not also be well to require of him who deliber-
ately takes an eye, to give his eye ? Of one thing
there can be no doubt among Christian statesmen:
that for that people, under ail the circumstances,
it wat the perfection of government; to suppose
less, would be to argue imperfection m the Divine
contrivance.
In establishing the Hebrew government, he
made it us fundamental duty to provide land for
the people; not for the king only, and the no-
bility, its eldprs, its princes, and its rulers, but
for all the people. When " two of the tribes
Stopped on this side Jordan," they were com-
pelled to leave " their wives, their little ones, and
their cattle," and to pass over armed, all the
mighty men of valor, " and help them until they
possessed the land."
Lot us analyze this alittle. There were twelve
tribes—one of them divided into two. The united
tribes were to provide land for each tube. It
was divided first among the tribes, by lot, and
again subdivided, until every man m the com-
monwealth had a settlement of land. It was to be
inalienable. In nocvcnt could he deprive himself
and his family of his inheutance. If he sold, he
only sold the profits till the year of jubilee—that
is, the fiftieth year. For on the tenth day of
the seventh month of that year, the trumpet did
" sound throughput the land," and home, with all
its endearments, came back once more to the
sons of labor. Its flowers and its fruits; Us pastures
and brooks; its vines, and its olive trees, endeared
by a thousand memories, were possessed by their
ancient owneis. So careful was the government
to piovide the people with land, and to keep them
so provided, that the women, in their marriages,
were compelled to coyfine themselves to their
tribes. In the subdivisions of the realty among
the heirs, it would come to pass at last, that the
divisi ->ns would be too small; and tlfough there is
no express piovision fur this, the whole spirit of
their institutions would seem to indicate the duty
of the government to provide new settlements.
We have examples to this ellect.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
TiiAYrruj said, last session, that they wore be-
coming crowded in the ancient home of the Pil-
grims lie it so. If my analogy be a good one,
let them <s possess another land." If they can-
not do it by themselves, " our men of valor" " will
leave their wives, their little ones, and their cat-
tle," and "go over turned before them." The
command to the Hebrews to take the land of the
heathen, " to drive cut the Hiti.te and the Periz-
zite,"was scarcely more obligatory, though is-
sued from the Shekmah between the cherubim,
than are the indications of Divine will that we
should possess the land of the heathen on our
southern border. Look at it, drenched in blood,
without law or order, among the fairest portions
of creation; the land of perpetual summer; like
tlmt of God's chosen people, " agood lamhaland
of brooks of water,-of fountains and depths that
spring out of valleys and hills; a land of wheat
and barley and vines and fig irees and pomegran- 1
ates; a land of olive, oil, and honey." Isnotthe i
command almost audible, "go ye, and possess j
the land ?" j
Under this agricultural law, this ancicnt people I
lived; and while they observed it, and kept up the i
forms of good govei anient as given to them, their |
prosperity was unparalleled among the nations '
of earth. The land did " flow with milk and ;
honey," and all her " hills did drop new wine."
Green and plenteous were her pastures, and right
beautiful her " gardens of olives." " Cattle were
scattered upon a thousand hills." " Strong bulls
of Bashan" were exhibited in her fairs. - Pat
"rams of Neboith,"and kids from " Kedar's
flocks," were sold in the shambles, and "shep-
herds kept their folds on Judah's hills." " Jeru-
salem was the perfection of beauty," and the
6t joy of the whole earth." The daily provision
of her prince was " fat oxen out of the pasture,
and sheep, and harts, and roebucks, and fallow
deer, and fatted fowl." He spake " three thou-
sand proverbs, and his songs were a thousand and
five." " The navy of Hirum brought gold from
Ophir, and almug trees and precious stones into
the land." Sheba's Queen, beholding the land,
its riches, its beauties, its glories, and its people,
did say, " happy are thy men, and happy are
these thy servants." " The son^s of the prince
were a thousand and five." Did he not have
cause to sing? Who of earth's monarchs pos-
sesses such a land? and of which can it be said,
" happy are thy men ?"
If such prosperity was the result of the landed
system in the Israelitish commonwealth, would
it be unreasonable to hope for similar results
■ from the experiment in this country? Would its
j support justly subject its advocates to the charge
S of visionaries 01* enthusiasts? If they are, it is
j in an effort to copy the inspiration of the Divine
I mind. If their conclusions be false, because of
, their enthusiasm, they ought to be forgiven. Its
, fire was caught from the tealms of light. In its
opciation, we behold the beneficence of the infin-
ite mind in the extinction of man's last want, and
, the reproduction of earth's primeval glory.
I Were our national Legislature constantly to
; provide every man with a "plat of land," and as
j constantly protect him in its enjoyment and its
, development, whilst the other nations of the world
; pursue th<jar present policies of monopolies in
j governments and " noble blood," a spirit from
, the land of light would fail in an effort to paint
I thecontrastin perfection in half a centuiy. From
Vermont's green hills to the " land of flowers;"
from the sea-gull's home in the Atlanticto where
he dips his snow-white wins? in the Pacific; from
the rich canons of the Rocky Mountains, deep
btmed in their base, " all round, everyway,"
you would behold the joy-lit faces of boys and
•girls, of old men and women, millions of cottages
of happy freemen, untold fields of living verdure,
rivers and lakes filled with steamers, rich m
freight and richer still in human forms that crowd
their decks; trains of merchandise and tiavel suc-
ceeding each other, till the eye wearied in behold-
ing; villages with their church spires and aca-
demical cupolas, dotting the landscape like clouds
in sunset; cities with their marble palaces lining
the shores of both oceans and the great inland
seas; harbors crowded with the ships of the
world, their commingled colors floating from their
mast-heads; above ail, though unseen to mortal
eye, a realm of virtuous intellect, loving its coun-
try and adoring its God.
Let us leave this picture, however truthful, and
inquire what has been, and what is now, the pol-
icy of the nations of the world relative to their
lands? So far as I have boon able to ascertain
from history, with the exception already spoken
of, to monopolize them in the hands of the Gov-
ernment and of classes. Not going back further
than the Christian era, and taking Europe, by
far the most civilized poition of the great divis-
ions of the globe, what example does she give
us? From a very early date, till through the dark
and middle ages, the title of the soil was in the
king, the nobility, and the clergy. The occu-
pants were tenants merely, almost uniformly by
the rendition of service. This service was some-
times certain, sometimes uncertain; that is, he
rendered service so many days, or as long as his
lord required him. This service was, most gen-
erally, of a military nature. He followed his lord
to war, or went at his command. The Church
monopolized immense tracts, and let it out by
tenures, not so favorable generally as the nobility.
The temporal rule of the clergy 1 <s always been
more oppressive than that of laymen. Of all
inconceivably hateful governments, that which
oppresses in the name of God is the most detest-
able. At this present time, the nobility and the
Church own the great body of the real estate of
Europe. The laboring classes are tenants merely,
liable to be removed at the end of their terms,
frequently at the will of the landlord. The ten-
