1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rm
ant is so charged, in way of rent, that all the
cream of his toil goes to the owner. He can make
-no permanent provision for himself or his family
for the future. Every vine and fruit tree is his
lord's, temporal or spiritual. He cannot promise
himself that he or his offspring shall eat of the
fruit thereof. Every flower that the hand of
simple taste and beauty may plant, blooms for
another. The repairs of the cottage, useful or
ornamental, is another's pride or gam. The joys
of home are darkened by the uncertainty of tne
future; and the very sports of childhood subdued
and saddened by the fear of a trespass upon the
rights of the lord.
Prom the formation of govern men t to the present
time, " tho elders of the church" and " the rulers
of the land" have been in combination to oppress
the laboring classes. " The poor shall notahvays
sigh, nor the oppressed go unavenged." " The
meek shall inherit the earth." Heie is the good
man's " faith arid patience." Even in this coun-
try, a vast majority of those who till the soil have
neither title o'r niheutance therein. So far from
having an inheritance inalienable either by debt or
contract, they have none at all. jVJ y home is in the
rural districts of northwestern Georgia, in as rich,
as beautiful, and as happy a land as there is m
the world. The blue hme-srone lands are of ex-
haustless fertility; her mountains, covered with
oaks and cedars, like Bashan and Lebanon; her
fountains cool, crystal, and perennial; her val-
leys, landscapes of perpetual verdure. There is
but one thing wanting to make it the glory of ail
lands, and that is that the title and the inheritance
should be in the tenants of the soil. Though by
no means universal, huge portions of it are mo-
nopolized and let out to renters. Their humble
and temporary dwellings are filled with women
and children. Though happy, as they always,
are, there is nevertheless the shadow of sorrow, !
like summer clouds, upon the landscape; they!
know not where they shall dwell another year.
** They are strangersand pilgrims in 'he world." ,
Let Government give them land. They will go \
to it. If they will work another's, you may be j
&ure they will woik their own. It is objected,
however, that this would cheapen lands m the older
States. This is douUful it might prevent any
very material advancement in price. It wftl he i
difficult to pi ove thatanybodv wouid be damaged :
by tins. Bui admit the objection; is that an ad- 1
equate reason for a refusal to giver My property ;
consists mainly m real estate in tho hands of rent- 1
eis. If its price can only be majutuuvd at the
expense of the sweat of labor, and the ties and i
joys of the home of the poor, from tin' depths of ;
the soul do I say, let it be reduced, h is unjust ■
to compel a state of vassalage in the common peo- !
pie fo maintain monopolies of thosod. The earth !
is God's gift to man; as much so as hie. It is
the duty of the Government to project him in ;
both—to charge him for neither.
Our Government is certainly in advance of
those of Europe on this subject. Land heie is
inheritable' in the common claskes, and m sold
at greatly reduced prices. Uutstill, even heie, as
a rule, those who cultivate, do not own the s<>ii
The Government owns land enough tw^ae < v< i y
man who wili work, "a parcel of ground," and
scarcely miss it from tho public domain. \Vr"ie
it othei wise, and she had no land for her lai,<.■ -
ing classes, it would be her duty to provide it
What has been the practice of this Govern-
ment with regard to her public lands ? This is
a very important question, and should be under-
stood by tiie people. Shall we continue the prac-
tice of the Fedeial Government, relative to the
public domain ?
The Government has, heretofore, disposed of
her public lands by gift and sale. [Tor gifts, how-
ever, have not been (with the exception of bounty
lands to the soldiers) to m iividuals, but to new
States and corporations. Even the bounty hinds
have fallen into the hands of speculators. Whether
this is within the deeds of cession of the old States,
is very doubtful, to say the least of it. If Con-
gress can give one million acres of the pub-
lic domain to a single {State, T can see no reason
why she may not giv^the whole of it. Jl she con
give land enough to ifsm^le corporation to build
a railroad, and have a clear snrplusof ^o0.(Jd0,0ij0
loft, I do not see why that surplus might not be
increased to $1,000,DUO,000. Is this holding the
public lands for the "use and benefit" " of all the
States,andfor no otheruso orpurpose whatever?"
Would not a gift to actual settlers from all the
States without distinction, be more in accordance
with the letter and spirit of the trust?
The gifts to corporations have been usually for
the construction of railroads. It has been at-
tempted to be justified upon the ground that it
was the best use of it, to develop the country
and add to the national wealth. But is the con-
struction of railroads through a wilderness be-
tween points, paying, perhaps, five per cent, profit
to stockholders, a better developmentof the coun-
try than the subduing of forests, the filling in of
a thrifty and enterprising population, the raising
of grain and stock, and the production of the ne-
cessaries and the comforts of life, and the conse-
quent increase of the objects of taxation, as well
as population? Railroads <*ive us no increase of
population: at least not a per cent, sufficient to be
reckoned, and that largely foreign, riotous, and
vicious. Abstractly considered, they add noth-
ing to the productive wealth of a country. They
may be profitable, and change capital into new
hands. Tiiey never cleared a field, planted a fruit
tree, grew a blade of glass, or raised a bushel
of wheat. Incidentally, they may, and do, stim-
ulate production; but they do not produce. Tiicy
furnish no soldiers and fight no battles. While
they add to the convenience of the people and fa-
cilitate trade, in many respects, they retard pro-
duction. They raise the price of lands, and place
them out of the hands of labor, and thus lock
them up for years, a wilderness, or develop them
slowly under a system of tenancy.
The fact that they raise the price of lands,
is advanced as a reason why the Government
should continue to give to luihoad corporations.
Is it a dogma of political economy that the high
price of lauds in the hands .>f Government is of
advantage either to ir er to the people? Is it
the object, of Government to speculate in lands;
to obtain at the lowest and sell at the highest
price ? Is Governnient a giand coi poiation with
specn.l privileges for money making? In the
pioprr settlement of this great question of the;
public lands, it would be well for us to fix in our
minds what aie the puiposes of Government.
iJut were it true that it w<ie its duty to get tho
highest possibl" price, then agift to every citizen
who would work (and he must settle and improve
to obtain) would add more value to the remaining
than grants to laiboads.
Cut it is objected to i,rifts, that Government s'dls
at low pi ices, and every iiinn can obtain, land.
This is not so. Labor, without capital, cannot
more than h\ e, and c'eai, and cultivate tho soil.
Give l.ibur a'onc the soil improved, and it wi'l do
more than live. It will accumulate. T iking lands
unimproved, it mas't have no drawbacks—no, not
a dollar, h needs, besides, health and the bless-
ing of God m clouds and rain. With these, and
eneigy and will, it will smceed. And why not
give it5 Tho objection is, it Kills but tor little.
Tie* sum, indeed, is small to the Gave> oment--it
is ho i;e to hi>n< -st, iiidustnous povei ty. To it, it
is of ;;reat moment.
You deMt'e }| revenue. You need one. Raise
ii-i't hi iuxuj m'... If you utimot >;e[ enouah,
the i i<'\'v ir upon capital. As you vnku yoin
cotth'ry's advancement, p your hands oil* of
hii.or. .Siqipoi't that t he sale.* of the pub! e- lands
amount to two, or even five million dollars per
annum. What is tiial? it is put up in looks:
such books. To read one thiou^h or die with
Asiatic cholera, would be ultci natives. from ei ther
ot which we might wed pray, " good Lo: d deliver
us." Or it is put into a " prmimg job;" or into
two or three ornamental porticoes about the pub-
lic building; or it is sent upon missions to the
Arabs and Celestials. Itgoeswito the ^b'0,000,000
expenditure, and sinks like snow m watei.
It is the duty of Government to furnish its p< o-
ple with land. According to the constitution of
society, title to lands can be originally derived in
no other way than through the Government. In-
dividuals may take possession of uncultivated
tract but Government will not recognize pos-
ses-mn ouk* its title. Tne very natuie of Gov-
i.i nni'-'Ui presupposes dominion over territory and
title tneieiji. It pa:-.s<s, t>y sale or ft, to its citi-
zens. The (pu sstion, \v hen reduced to its original
eh ment, niay be said to be: shall Government
sell or give to its citizens? The only argument
in favor of sale is revenue. Raise that, as before
said, outof luxuries and capita!. Oar untold rail-
lions of acres of public lands should be gives to
labor, as far as its wants require. God made it,
and gave it, as He did water, air, and light. He
uses Government as the channel of His bountyl
Let her be true to her trust, and put no tarjNfs
upon the bounty of God. At present our iantrt
may be said to be a sort of standing corruption*-
fund. Politicians make bids with them-for the
Presidency, and articles of less value. Agents of
corporations, lynx-eyed and unscrupulous, lie
round the corridors of the Capitol, and infest
galleries. They are numerous as Egypt's ver-
min, and voracious as her locusts.
But it may be said, if If is the duty of Govern-
ment to furnish labor with the means of produce
tion in agriculture, that is with land, is it not
equally so in mechanics? Not so. Title to the
means of production, in mechanics and other avo-
cations other than agriculture, is not in Govern-
ment; nor does it, like title to land, necessarily,
originally, pass through it. If supplied bygov-
ernment, they would need constantly to beresup-
plied. They perish with the using. Land im-
proves, or ought to improve. Once furnished, it
remains forever, and Si becomes a well of life."
It increases in capacity and adds to the wealth of
individuals and nations. It ought to be a con-
tinually swelling tide, bearing on its bosom the
necessaries and comforts and luxuries of life to
toil's exhausted sons.
Agriculture is the basis of all production and
of every modification of matter by human instru-
mentality. Out of it grow all other avocations,
and upon it, as upon the pillars of Hercules, rests
the world. Let it prosper, and commerce and
every conceivable avocation follow. Let our
country be pressed to its utmost capacity of food
and clothing, and want will vanish from the world.
Open your exhaustlcss acres, now waste and des-
olate, to the tod of the husbandman. By it you
will create a living fountain of bone and sinew
and muscle and mind. Nations may be rich in
lands and yet poor m all the elements of true great-
ness. Trees and streams and hills and valleys
p never fight battles. Tho wealth of commerce will
! buy a " Swiss guard." It will fight while it is
| paid—no longer. Men that fight without pay and
j fight on, are those which have an interest in the
I soil. It is doubtful whether man is capable of a
I wholly disinterested act in his highest state of
| moral and intellectual refinement. Admit that he
i is, no reasonable being will expect him to devote
i his life to the good of others without reference to
i himself. No statesman would predicate the ac-
■ tion of government upon such a hypothesis. To
make a " wall of fire" round about your country,
inhabit it with owners of the soil. Man will de-
; fend his wife and children, though they be shel-
| terless and in rags. Natural affection will triumph
! over the want he sees for them in the future; but
I let tho enemy that he fights offer him a home for
j himself and family, antl provision for the future
[ in his own industry; and if he does not turn upon
] those who demand his services, his arm wili be
j paralyzed. Tell him to fight for his wife and lit-
! tie ones and the home his Government has given
J him, and a hero, true as steel and stern as death,
i he wjU tnumph or die. Armies of such men are
i h< ioes indeed, i^i the proper sense of the word;
! not such as those of the campaigns of the French
' revolution, who, under war's dread and thrilling
| strains, and " all her circumstance and pomp of
: glory," and love of fame, will make orstand suc-
i cessive shocks from daylight till dark, or follow
| tho nodding plumes of aMurator Ney through the
| smoke of battle and its commingled warriors, to
, deatii; but you will make men like those of our
revolutionary struggle. Men who, with no cir-
; cumstance of pomp, no glory of fame, no hope
| of m marshal's baton, no star nor coronet, no le-
i gion of honor's cross, but soiled and worn and in
tattered garments will march and countermarch
' and sutler and fight, without drum or fife or flag;
; and not for a day or a week or a year, but for a
lite-time; whose march can be traced, not from
; wounds made in battle's fierce struggle, but from
j naked feet, treading over ice and snow and frozen
! ground; whose weapons, while "they are car-
I mil." are also " spiutual.M They will carry in
! their bosoms fire as unquenchable as that which
J licked up the water" round about the sacrificial
j altar of Elijah: wills nerved by the impulse of af-
1 fection, ana unconquerable in death. In the very
