m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
carnage of battle, hQme and its scenes will tri-
usripli over its horrors.
The French soldiery, well clad and shod and
armed, after the burning of Moscow, and the hope
of victory was gone, in their disastrous retreat
threw away their guns and swords, and lost all
discipline. Courage failed when there was noth-
ing but suffering, no hope of martial triumph.
They fought* for the glory of the empire and-the
empire's chief, and their own. The men of the
Revolution fought with but little hope of glory de-
rived from' the triumph of a well-fought field.
Their wh'ole military life was one of suffering and
retreat, of want, sickness, and lingering death.
Humanity dies with composure, perhaps with tri-
umph, when there is an eye to admire, a tongue
to praise, a heart to sympathize; but to the " uu-
knelled, uncoffined, and unknown," in the slow
torture of protracted suftering, requires principle,
high and holy impulse, pure and noble affections.
Give the people land and arms, and you will
need no standing army to execute your laws or
repel invasion. Prize-fighters and debauched poli-
ticians may riot about the cities. When the
police becomes insufficient, or infccted with the
game spirit, we will have a citizen soldiery from
the rural districts, that will reduce them to order;
they will do it, too, without ravishing the women
or sacking the city. In case of invasion, the man
who has followed the plow, will follow the flag
of his country, and fight, like the Christian works,
by faith in G-oil.
A great statesman has said: " Cities aie ulcers
upon the body-politic." They have been so in all
ages of the world. The more modern ones " have
neither been bound up nor mollified with oint-
ment." Prize-fighting is worse, in every moral
aspect, than the Spanish bull-fights. Spiritual af-
finities and free-love are no better than the orgies
oftlie worship of Venus. Ovid's art of sensuality
is a vast refinement upon modern debaucheries.
There were no " model artists " among the an-
cients. The forced debauch of a Roman citizen,
with the wife of Collations, through a threat of
infamy more terrible than death, drove a dagger,
by her own hand, to her virtuous heart. Lucretias
were scarce in Rome; they are not more numerous
in modern cities. Assassinations were frequent
about the time of Rome's expiring liberty—not
more so, perhaps, than in the middle of the nine-
teenth century. Rome had no controlling agricul-
tural element; \ve have, and hence our safety.
Enlarge it. Give the soil to honest labor; and our
rural districts will be to our cities—lost as they
maybe in viitue and the destruction of moral mi-
asma—what the ocean is to earth's vileness and
filth. Iicie liberty, like her emblematic bird, will
find a secure retreat from the licentiousness of the
cities. Here, too, will be found liberty's hand-
maid—virtue. They have walked eaith's green
plains and verdant lulls together. Like Iluth and
Naomi, their countries have been the same; and
their graves will be together.
Delicious winds from grain-fields and mountain
sides invigorate the body; agricultural exercise
gives sensitiveness to the delicacy of taste, health
and force to all physical enjoyment, and makes
sleep " tired nature's sweet restorer." The devout
mind hears the voice of its God m every wind; sees
him mirrored in the sunset, and beholds his glory
in the morning; flocks and lowing herds talk of
his mercy; to his ear the commingled voices of
the barn-yard are vocal with praise; to his eye
there is divine power and grace in every blade of
grass, in the flowers of the clover-field, the yellow
grain, and the bending stalks, lie " woiks by
faith" as he opens the fertile soil with his plow.
He casts his seed into the giound that " it may
die and bear grain; it may chance of wheat or
some other grain;" and catches from it, with the
great Apostle of the Gentiles, the inspiration of
the resurrection of his own body, and the life of
his own spirit.
OHIO BLACK LAWS.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Ciiaiiman, I
avail myself of the latitude of debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
put upon record certain facts and documents re-
lating to a charge made against me at the last ses-
sion of this Congress by the genthiman from North
iCaroltna, [Mr. Gilmer,] not now in hia seat.
]My name, sir, has been on the list of speakers for
Some four weeks; and, indeed, 1 have waited since
'the.beginning of the session (or a convenient op-
portunity to reply. I had hoped that he would
be present this evening; but am informed by his
colleague [Mr. Vance] that he left the city to-
day. As the session is approaching its close,
and lest I may have no other chance to obtain the
floor, I avail myself of this opportunity to lay be-
fore this committee, and thus place upon the rec-
ords of Congress, the true statement of the facts
in connection with that charge. But I feel myself
constrained, in the absence of the gentleman from
North Carolina, to avoid anything which, by any
possibility, could bear the construction of being
of a personal character. The charge to which I
allude is in these words, and was made in debate
upon a certain contested election with which, as
you are aware, sir, I was somewhat connected,
the debate occurring on the 5th of February:
" If I were disposed to do any such tin ml'. I could record
kis vote in the Legislative Assembly of Oluo, in he
voted to allotc free negroes and other negroes to testify against
white men."
The charge here, sir, is not that I voted for or
against'a particular bill, but that I favored .the
policy of negro testimony against white men. It
means that I favored this policy, or it means
nothing worthy of an "answer here. To the
charge thus specifically and directly made, I im-
mediately replied:
" I never ca^t such a vote."
The gentleman rejoined:
"I will -diow by the journal that you
A gentleman from Georgia raised a question of
order, and the member from North Carolina con-
tinued :
" I did not intend—God forbid that I should—to hurt the
feelings of any "ontk'nian; but when tln^ comes to be ex-
amined, it will be int'ontestably shown that f am right."
Now, I propose,Mi". Chairman, by a recurrence
to the bill itself, and the debates upon it, to show
inconteslably that the member from North Caro-
lina was mistaken.
Mr. VANCE. The gentleman from Ohio spoke
to me privately, and said that he was going to re-
fer to this mutter to-night, and regretted my col-
league's absence, i merely suggest that, as his
statement seems to be taking the turn of making
an issue between my colleague [Mr. Gilmer] and
himself, it would be proper for hnn to suspend
his remarks fill my colleague shall be in his scat.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Vancl] will delay till
I have finished what I have to say, he will see
that there is really no necessity for his colleague's
presence, especially as he will have the same
chance to get the tloor that I would have if I
should now relinquish it.
Mr. VANCE. I do not apprehend that the j
gentleman's remarks are going to be of a personal j
character. He said at the outset that they would j
no.t. Still, he seems to be making an issue be- j
tween my colleague and himself, and I think my I
colleague should be here to meet that issue.
Mr! VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly; I do
make a direct issue, but I will show by the nature
of the record itself that the gentleman fiom North ,
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] 111 making the statement
which he did, was naturally misled. I impute no
improper motive to him; and, certainly, if he were
present, he could have nojustground of complaint
as to anything I shall say.
bir, the debate upon the contested election
having proceed-ed at some length, at the closc I
requested the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions [Mr. Harris] to withdraw the previous
question, and to yield me the floor. I then said:
I Uik the unanimous consent of the House to make good
now, hi/ refei enre to the journal of the Ohio Legislature ic
ferred to. my declaialion, a short time ago, that I did not
i von. a-* the member from Noilh Carolina [Mr. Cilm&r]
stated."
! Objection was instantly interposed, and I was
, pi ecluded from establishing the facts which I de-
; sign now to show conclusively to this committee,
i Having been thus summanly cut otf in the
' House, 1 published in the Globe, next day, the
following card:
. a C uv).~O!ijec'io:i having been made on Fndavto a
^•al-'iiieiit ptopo cd by me in the Jiou.-e, showing that the
dcclatunou by Mr Giuihr mat I ha$ votoa 111 the Ohio
i Legi-laiure, in lt*47, foi ••allowing free negiooa and other
i negroes to testify against white men,}'wa  an utter mis-
>uuement0t the truth ol the recoid, i make the correction
| now thioutsh the public prints.
I Fiom ici)4 till l£i9, there existed .several statutes im-
j posing certain disabilities upon peisons ot color. I was a
i member of the OhioLegtfdatuie in 1845-46, and votedthyn
1 agamst their repeal. At the next session also, (1846-47,)
being a member, a bill to repeal them came up for consid-
eration on Thursday. February 4, 1547. I was the member
upon whom was devolved the business of engineering its
defeat. The session was a stoimy one, lasting till three
o'clock the next morning. AH the usual parliamentary
tactics were resoited to. X din upon record thijteen limes
(and every time but once, when without the bar at the
time the roll was called,) upon vanous motions, all in-
tended, directly or indirectly, to embarrass or defeat the
bill. 1 made five of tho motions myself.
I voted against the engrossment of the bill for a third read-
ing. the test in all legislative bodies. I voted to postpone
the reading till the next day; and I voted, also, against read-
ing it the same day. As a part of the same tactics, seeing
that the bill would pass by but one or two majority, I voted
for the bill on its final passage, for the purpose of moving a
reconsideration the next day; but a friend of the bill, (Mr.
Blake, of Medina,) moved at once to reconsider, and so
foicedavote upon that question; and I voted for the recon-
sideration, and he against it.—(House Journal, 1846-47, p.
518-501.) *
Jt was that vote to which the member from North Caro-
lina referred. Was this> statement fair, just, ingenuous ?
Let the public judge.
CLEMENT -L. VALLANDIGHAM.
Washington, February 5. 1858.
Two days afterwards the gentlemanfrom North
Carolina published a card in reply, as follows:
A Card.—In reply to Mr. Vallandigham's caid of the
5th, published in the Globe of yesterday, permit me to bay
that Mr. Vaxlandioiiam does not seem to discriminate be-
tween what he actually did, and what he says was his ob-
ject in doing it. He admits he gave the vote, but says his
object was to reconsider, and concludes with the assertion
that the relation ot the vote he gave is "an utter misstate-
ment of the truth of the recoid." Now, what appears of
recoid that he did, is one thing; what he explains to have
been his object foi doing tin-, (winch does not appeal on
the record,) is anothci thins. And I conceive that what
actually appeal* may be -tate.l, without incurring the guilt
ol '• an utter misstatement of (lie mult o{ the recoid.'5
What is the law, wh.ch he admit*, he voted lor unth the
intent to reconudei ? it wjl* 'oi a law repealing another
law of long standing; one section of which is a> follows:
<• Sec. 4. That no black or mul itto person or persons
shall hereafter be penmtted to be hvvorn. oi give evidence,
m any court of record, or eUevvhei e, in this State, m any
caiisc depending on matter of contiover&y, wheie enbei
paity to the same is a white person ; or m any prosecution
which shall be instituted in behalf ot this Slate against any
white peison."
He excuses his vote in favor of leperilmc tho above sec-
tion, on the giound that he defied hi-vote to be in its favor,
that he might iecons*ider. He also savs he voted thirteen
times, on various motions, all intended, directly or indi-
rect!} , to embarrass or deleat the bill; but he does not state
hoxv'he voted on these vanou*. motions.
Bv refeuing to the journal, page 4.10, it will be seen that
Mt.'Kaler moved to postpone the bill until the first Mon-
day of December, a period beyond the session—yeas 33,
nn'y<%—Mr. Vailandigham voting -'nay." I would sub-
mit whether tin* was not a strange vote for one really op-
po-ed to the bill, und pamctilaiiy for the member •' upon
whom was devolved the business of engineer in a it<t defeat
On page 451 of the journal, it appears Mr. Bloomlmff
move.il to postpone the bill indelhiiiely-—yeas 33, nays 34—
Mr Vallandigham votina u nay " Hi-? vote on this occa-
sion would have killed the bill. In thh rote I submit re-
spectfully. that Mr. Vallandigham was renn-s. and espe-
cially so lot one who was an engineer to defeat tho bill.
For tins vote, the ingenuity of man cannot find room for
the excuse that he gave it with any view to reconsider or
to defeat. < m the same page (431) he voted " yea" on or-
donnz the bill lo bo engrossed, which was a voie in tavor
Blake moved to leconsider. On tins motion Mr. Ihbherd
demanded the previous question—veas 3-j. nays 25—Mr.
Vallandigham not voting at all; but it d«  < appear on
pa-ie 521. that Mr. Vallandigham, with eleven others,
vot-d i£ yea1' to lcconti'ler, lorry tit'oe otheis voting
*" nav''—a result unlavotahie to ouo workmz like an engi-
neer'to defeat the hill. I ad-mt that Mr. Valtandisham,
in the couifce of considering tin** bill, a  appeals tiom the
journal, gave some votes that indicated that ho was op- ,
posed to tho lull; and had I not been stopped m tho do-
hate. I would have lead -dl, so a-> to have done hnn ample
lUsiiee, far as tiie journal could -djow.
Fehiuuni 0,1853. * JOHN A. GILMER.
At the time the charge was made in the House
J immediately passed from a seat near where i
now speak, to the one occupied by the gentleman
ftom North Carolina, and there examined the
journal to which he referred, and the vote which
he had maiked as sustaining his charge. The pro-
ceedings were of the 4th of February* 1847. The
title of the bill was, " A bill to repeal certain acts
therein named." It did not, from the examina-
tion I then made, occur to me at the time, and
after the lapse of eleven years that the object of
the bill was not really to repeal these laws; and
it is but just to the gentleman from North Car-
olina, that I should say that I myself, was for
the time misled by the title of the bill, and sap-
, posed, although an actoj^in the scene, ^that it
| was a bill to repeal the ocoFlherein named. Ac-
! covdingly, in my card, written before leaving the
! House, I referred to it as such, but finding from
! the record that my purpose on the day to which
I he referred, was palpably to defeat the bill, I gave
