134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
represent to your honorable body that, as she is not now,
and ha? not been for some time, represented in the Senate
of the United States,'' &c.
That is the authority upon which I made the
declaration. Neither the Governor nor the judi-
ciary having anything whatever to do with the
election of Senators; the only power that can make
Senators has said that she has no representative
here.
Mr. GREEN. What is the State? The Senate
and House of Representatives combined? No.
They are but the instruments, partial instruments,
in the hands of the State. They can wield but
the limited authority parceled out by the consti-
tution of the State, but they are not the State. To
constitute State authority, you must have, in a
primary sense, the people of the State. If you
go to this primary sense, the people of the State
stand by the two sitting Senators this hour. If
you do not go to the primary sense of the word,
and say the people of the State, then, in the or-
ganized character under the constitution, it re-
quires their Governor and the legislative authority
in conjunction. Take either horn of the dilemma.
If you say it is the people, the great mass of the
voters of the people, of the State of Indiana, they
indorse the sitting Senators from that State, and
say they are represented; and the man who says
they are not represented speaks without warrant
or authority. If he wishes to confine himself, in
a technical sense, to the organized State under
the constitution, then I say the Senate; and House
of Representatives do not constitute it, even in
that sense; and hence he is without warrant or
authority there. Tie may take either horn of the
dilemma, The State of Indiana has been heard.
The subject presented to the Senate has been de-
termined. There is no power for review.
It has been said a case occurred in the House
of Representatives in theTwenty-Fifth Congress.
Is that to be brought up as a presumption, as a
precedent to control and guide and govern us? If
it is, 1 answer ninety-nine other cases have been
decided and regarded as final. If you are to he
governed by precedent alone, take the majority
of the adjudged cases,and ninety-nine outof every
one hundred cases evcrpresentcd m either House
were regarded as final and settled. Now, is the
mere idea of precedent to control, or are you to
take a single exception to ageneial rule, and make
that the leading and controlling ca*e ?
There is another reason in this ease. It ia
known to the older members of this body—I am
but a young man, and it is known to myself, how-
ever—that, up to the meeting of ihe Twenty-Fifth
Congress, it was an undecided question as to the
commencement and termination of a Congress,
and when it was decided that those members elect-
ed from the State of Mississippi were declared to
be members of that Congress, it was even then an
undecided question, whether they continued in
their term of office fiom the 4th of Match, 1837,to
the 4th of March, 1839. Afferwardu, this subject
was brought up and determined It was brought
up m consequence of this other fact. A Speaker
was elected, and the question was, whether that
•Speaker should continue through a Congress, a
period of two years, or whether only for the ex-
tra session called in May, 1837? This was the
o'vpsion of the difficulty. The House ol'Repre-
sentat ives ^ravo seats to certain men from the Suite
of Mississippi, for the extra session. in the
couching of the language of that resolution, they
went too far. It was too btoad. It embraced a
Congress. When it was decided subsequently
what a Congress mwinl, and that two, three, five,
or six sessions might be included in one Con-
gress. and a subsequent election was held under
a law piovidmg for an election, then they reversed
that decision, and said it should only apply to
the first extra session called in May, 1837. I>ut,
1 care nothing about that precedent one way or
the other. If precedent is to weigh , we have one
hundred to one. If precedent is not to weigh,
then it is to be disregarded. But, a wrong pre-
cedent is more to be honored m the breach than
m the observance.
These js one other idea m the same connection.
A decision upon the filling of a seat in the Senate
or the House is in the nature of a decision m the
courts under what we call a proceeding ui rem.
It is r.jt about the outsiders wno complain; the
the question is, is the seat filled legally and con-
stitutionally ? I might complain to-day, another
man might complain to-morrow, and a thousand
others might complain; and giving it a character
as a privileged question, and consuming every
hour of every day of every session, if you sanc-
tioned the idea thatanybody outside can complain
after a question has been once decided. It is in
the nature of a proceeding in rem. Where a ques-
tion is decided in the affirmative or negative,
neither side can bring it up again. It is a matter
adjudicated; it is a matter settled; there is no power
to supervise; and it is, I think, disrespectful to
the Senate to ask them to undo what they have
done on full, mature deliberation and decision.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not detain the Senate
long, because, as 1 said the other day, I consider
it, on the primary question involved, as hardly an
arguable question;but the honorable Senator from
Vermont assumes the idea that the rule of finality
which attaches to judicial action, and the judg-
ments, whether of courts proper or of bodies act-
ing judicially, is founded upon the notion of in-
fallibility. Not so, Mr. President. It is perfectly
immaterial whether the judgment is right or
wrong, the rule of finality is founded on the great
principle that it is the interest of the Republic
that there shall be an end to litigation. There
is no other ground on which it can be sustained.
There must be an end to all strife at some time,
and courts of justice have adopted it, and adhered
to it invariably, that a final judgment cannot be
reheard, but with certain exceptions,one of which
the honorable Senator from Vermont has pointed
out. You may impeach it on the ground of fraud
committed upon the court by the original proceed-
ings, but you cannot undertake to re-argue it after
the. term of the court has expired m which the
judgment was pronounced, on the ground that
the court committed an error in judgment. No
such case can be found, and it is on that great
principle that there must be an end at some time
to decisions in the nature of judicial proceedings.
In this case, also, theie might be another ex-
ception specified. If the ground on which the
Senatois were declared to be entitled to their seats,
hud not been passed upon in the decision of the
Senate, but a distinct substantive ground were
presented, you would say that the former decis-
ion did not cover it. The decision on the former
occasion went to the validity of the election, but
if an objection were now to be presented to the
qualifications of the parties, as the Senate pro-
nounced no decision on the qualifications of the
patties, of course, a decision pronounced on the
validity of the election, would not bind them, if
it were subsequently ascertained, that the parties
were not qualified to retain their seats. 13ut m
no court acting judicially, in no tribunal acting
judicially, with the exception of the ease spoken
of from the House of Representatives, which I
shall comment on presently, can honorable Sen-
ators find on the same atate of facts, appealing to
the same questions of law, that a court, or a body
acting judicially, having jurisdiction of the sub-
ject, has pronounced a final judgment, that the
body has ever permuted that final judgment to be
re-aigued after the tune, which, by its own limit-
ation, a reconsideration of the judgment can be
made. You may impeach it originally for fraud
committed upon the body, whether it is a court
or a body acting judicially. You may got at it in
many cases, grounded upon a distinct subject.
You cannot undertake, unless you proceed on one
of those grounds, to tell the court that has de-
cided the question, "you were wrong; though
the term has expired, 1 come here now and ask
you to let me re-argue that question, that I may
convince you that you were wrong." No court
of justice would hold it to be arguable. No court
of justice would peimit a counsel to attempt to
argue ouch a question before them. It is con-
cluded law, and with the single exception of the
case from the House of Representatives, no case
can be found that interferes with the principle. It
is a principle founded in right reason. It prevents
endless litigation. It produces that which is es-
sentially necessary as a rule of order in refeience
to alt judicial action, that there must be an end
to it at some tune.
Why, sir, if this doctrine were true, if the Sen-
ate of tne United 5tate<, Laving decided at a pre-
vious session, on the same state of facts and after
full debate, that the Senators from Indiana were
duly elected to their seats in the Senate, and en-
titled to them for specific periods, the late Legis-
lature in Indiana could undertake, having no juris-
diction of the subject, of the qualifications, or
returns of members to this Senate, to revise that
decision, and on the ground of sending here a
memorial, ask that persons having no rights what-
ever in the body, be heard before this body, and
the whole case be reopened; what is to prevent
a second rehearing, of a subsequent Legislature
elected by the State of Indiana, who entertain
different political views, or different sentiments ?
Nothing whatever. Theie can beno bar; there can
be no finality, if this proceeding be allowed by the
Senate. Precisely the same sentiments could be
echoed then that we hear now, that respect was
due to the State; that the State had petitioned to
be heard, and that her rights were invaded.
Sir, if I read the Constitution of the United
States rightly, the power to judge of the election
of its own members, their qualifications, and their
returns, is given for the protection of the body,
not for the personal rights of the parties. No
matter in what mode the question arises in which
the body has formally decided that the party is
entitled to his seat, the judgment is conclusive,
unless a motion for reconsideration is made within
the rules and orders of the Senate; and it cannot
afterwards be reversed. No other tribunal has
jurisdiction or the qighttoquestionthatdecision.
For my own part I consider the action not of the
State, but of the Legislature of Indiana, which
was founded upon political considerations alto-
gether, as grossly disrespectful to the Senate of
the United States, when they undertake to reverse
the decision of the Senate, without one shadow
of right to act in the matter. Sir, if they had
meant to treat you with respect, their action would,
have been this: they would have asked the Sen-
ate, by a memorial, to reopen the decision before
they proceeded to act as if that decision was a
nullity. They choose to present themselves here,
covered with the name of the State. The lan-
guage of their memorial may be respectful; it is
their action which is disrespectful to the body.
It stands precisely, and quite as strongly, if not
stronger, than the case would stand if the Su-
preme Court of the United States had decided a
question and directed its mandate to the circuit
court to enter judgment according to their man-
date, and the circuit court had refused to obey it
and entered a judgment counter to the mandate
of that court, and sent up with it a petition that
the court wouldhear the argument of the party
as to whether their mandate ought to be obeyed
The Supreme Court would not hear counsel in
such a case as that. The Supreme Court would
know how to vindicate their authority. Such ac-
tion, on the part of an inferior tribunal, would be
properly considered as subversive of all order.
In reference to this question, the State of In-
diana, through this Legislature, who have under-
taken to act, does not even occupy the position
of an inferior tribunal. The Legislature has no
authority whatever on the subject, except to fill
vacancies in this body. The Legislature has no
authority to decide whether the Senate have done
right or wrong. You may assume it to be entirely
erroneous; but that Legislature has no authority
to decide that the Senate of the United States
erred when, by their decision, they said Graham
N. Fitch was entitled to a seat as Senator from
the State of Indiana to the 4th of March, 18G1,
and Jesse D. Biuttit to the 4th of March, 1863.
They knew the decision; and they assumed ail
authority not £riven to them in the remotest way;
and we are told that respect to the State of Indi-
ana, that chooses to treat with contempt the de-
cisions of the Senate of the United States, requires
us to hear such a question argued !
Mr. President, i have quite as much respect for
the body of which 1 am a member, as I have for
the Legislature of Indiana. I trust 1 shall always
hold great deference to the rights of the States;
1 trust I shall always respect the rights of the
States; but I shall respect, also, the rights of the
body of which I am a member. I cannot doubt
that the right to decide these questions is given
for the protection of the body, and it has no rela-
tion to any individual ^tate. It is their duty and
