1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the facts as they were set forth in the journal of
the 4th of February.
In the card published by the gentleman from
North Carolina, he refers to certain votes given
by me upon motions found on page 450 of the I
j ou rnal of 1846-7, wh ich he states as v otes against i
the postponement, and for the engrossment of i
what he calls " the bill," treating it as the same !
bill, and the votes as though given upon the same ]
day. j
Now, sir, it so happens, first, that neither of j
the bills, although bearing the same number, was i
a bill to repeal the black laws; second, that the |
bill which I strove to defeat, on the 4th, had I
been made a different bill, by amendment, from -
that which was pending on the 2d of February, *
and for which I voted. There is an interval of j
nearly one hurfdred pages of the journal, between •'
the votes given for the bill on the 2d of February, |
and the votes given against it on the 4th. They i
were different bilk; neither of them, I repeat, j
was a bill having for its purpose the direct repeal .
of the black laws of Ohio. Because of the gen- j
tleman's absence, I make no comments on the '
tone and temper of his card. I pass this by, and j
confine myself solely to a correction or explana- !
tion of the facts set forth in it. ;
Now, sir, what was the bill for which, when 1
in one form, I voted upon the engrossment, and j
against which, in another form, I voted upon thir- [
teen several motions intended to defeat it? Itwas
House bill No. 204, and I hold now in my hand
a copy, with the certificate of the Secretary of
State, and under the impress of the (< bioad seal "
of the State. The first section of the bill is as !
follows: - ;
Ji bill to repeal certain acts therein named, j
Be it enattnl by the General of the State of ;
Ohio, Tliat'the act entitled ' An act to regulate black ami 1
mulatto persons,' ju^ed Jnnuaiy 4, 1804; aho, an act :
p>as>serl January 25, 1807, amendatory thereto ; aUo, an act-f
amondatoiy thereto, passed February 27, 1834, be, and the J
same are hereby, repealed.5' j
Now, sir, if you regard the title of the act, if
you look only to the fust section of the act, cer-
tainly it would bear the construction which the
gentleman put upon it; and inasmuch as the bill
itself does not appear ou the journal, and as
most probably the gentleman in whose behalf the
member from North Carolina was speaking, did
not disclose to him the true nature of that bill, j
naturally he was misled; but misled as others
would be, who should refer, in like manner, to the ;
*" £rittenden-Montgomery" amendment of the!
last session, which, in us title as it went from this '
House to the Senate, was a bill to admit Kansas
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution;
and which, in us first section down to the pro-
viso, was a bill directly to so admit her under
that constitution.
The remaining sections of the bill render this
point perfectly clear. The second section is as j
follows: ;
"Sec. 2. That before tho first s-eotion of tins a^t 'hall .
fake effect, said icpealing section ^ha!l be submitted to the „
qualified electors of this State, at then next annual October
election for Stale and coumv ulficrif, ib<, nuumei of vot-
ing shall bo,' repeal,' or ' no teppa!and which • lepcal'
or £ no repeal' shall hp punted, stamped, or written, upon 1
the bottom or back of the ballot ca>-t at  aid election ; the
judges of election sbail count and make return of -aid vote,
for or against repeal, the same as for State ofFiceis.'"
Here again there is a parallel between this bill
and tta Crittenden-Montgomery amendment, and
that Dill, also, which is usually known as the '
" English, or conference bill." Yet my colleague >
from Ohio [Mr. Bliss] would not regard it jusl, !
as I know it would not be just, if any one should
charge him, though by mistaking the record, with :
voting for the admission of Kansas into the Union j
under the Lecompton constitution, and undertake !
to establish it by referring to his vote upon the j
passage of the former bill on the Istof A.pril, 1858, >
reading the title and the first section down to the j
proviso. . !
I proceed. The third and remaining sections ;
are as follows: '
Sec. 3. That any man voting upon said lepeai or no ,
repeal, that is not a le«al voter for State aifieeis, shall be
subject to all the pains and penalties of the law made and
provided for illegal voting.
"Sec. 4 That it shall be the duty of the clerk of the ,
court, in each and every county in this State, to make out
and forward to the Secretary of State an abstract at said j
■vote, withjn ten dajsfrom the tune of holdm;:said election. ,
"Sec. 5. That it shall be the duty or the Seeretaiy of i
State, on the first Monday of December, 1847, to counteut
and declare the votes gives for repeal and against repeal;
and if it shall appear that a majority of the votes cast are
for repeal, then the first section of this act shall be, from
and after that time, in full force; but if a majority of the
said votes cast shall be no repeal, then the firat section of
this act shali be mill and void."
That, sir, is the bill, and the whqle of It, for the
engrossment of which I voted on the 3d of Febru-
ary, 1847; and were it pending now under the
same circumstances, I should vote again as I did
then; for I find myself one of the original friends
of popular sovereignty, as now defined, before
any one dreamed of applying it to the Territories
or to the question of the admission of new States
into this Union.
That bill was lost in the House; but subse-
quently the vote was reconsidered, and itwas re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, which
committee, on the 4th of February, reported it
back with an amendment, changing the time for
taking the vote from the second Tuesday of Oc-
tober, to the first Monday of April. The former,
sir, is the annual State election in Ohio, at which
the largest number of votes is polled, when the
State is thoroughly canvassed, and when the full-
est expression of the popular will can be ascer-
tained. The latter is a mere township election,
and-believmg that the purpose of the amendment
was to gain .some partisan advantage and to pre-
vent that full expression of the public will which
I desired, I voted, and by all the means within
my power, strove to defeat the passage of the bill,
when thus reported back upon the 4th of Febru-
ary.
The last vote which I gave, the one marked
upon the journal by the gentleman, as I have be-
fore stated, was on the passage of the amended hill.
"The reason assigned by me m the card was, that I
might move to reconsider. Hut another gentle-
man, anticipating me—for my purpose was that it
should go over until the next day, in order that the
absentees might, be brought m and the bill de-
feated—moved forthwith to reconsider, and on
the very next page I stand recorded as voting in
favor of a reconsideration. Of course, the motion
failed; but the next morning, ors the journal will
show, I came into the House and moved again "to
reconsider the vote, sustaining the proposition by
a precedent in this House in 1832. The Speaker
recognizing the ^orce of the precedent, and the
lighfefeto move rcconsidur a second time, re-
fused to entertain the motion because the bill had
been sent to ttie Senate. I then offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
uJl?io1vctU That a message ho transmitted to the Senate,
requtMinc the letuni of House bill (No. ~U}) to repe.d cer-
tain acts theiem named, and to leave the Mind repeal to the
lejzul vnteis of the State, for the puiposeot roeonbulcung
the vole upon the passage ot the same."
This resolution was offered for the purpose of
laying a foundation for a motion to reconsider;
but was laid upon the table by a vote of 34 to
30, and thus the matter ended; the bill failing, nev-
ertheless. in the Senate.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a full, distinct, and can-
did statement of the facts connectcd with that bill
and my votes upon it. 1 should not have troubled
even this committee with any allusion to the sub-
ject, but that it has, through no fault of mine,
found its way into the recotd here, and because it
is a misstatement,unintentional, as I have already
said, of my true position. I could not consent
that it should so rest, and have accordingly set
forth these facta and documents so that they shall
appear and remain of record here also. ✓
1 have said that the bills which were consid-
ered and voted upon on the 2d and 4th of Febru-
ary, 1847, though bearing the same number, were
yet not only different bills, made so by amend-
ments, but that the title did not express the trt<c i,
intent and nature of the bill; that it was not a bill
to repeal what were commonly known as the black j!
laws of Oh i°. ^
This statement of itself, and the production of j|
the bill, would establish the verity of my denial, ji
and would certainly relieve me ill the minds of all n
fair and candid men of the charge'of having voted j1
to repeal those laws, or of having- then favored, ||
directly or indirectly, the policy of negro and !j
mulatto testimonyin court and elsewhere against ,1
white men. But if there were any doubt remain- J|
ing upon this subject, it is removed by the debates i!
upon that bill, on the 2d of February. From the ii
regular daily report of the " Ohio Statesman,"
of Tuesday, February 2, 1847, I ad«erfeRd«s:f
" Ohio Legislature, House op Representatives; Xiws-
ion, Pebrnory  , 1W7. "W . ^
The Slack Laws, ***• '
" On motion of Mr. WhitrMge, KousoMHSKM,
the black laws, submitting, the questions to the people. Ws6>
taken up and read, „ " '
'• Mr., Hihes moved, ineffectually, to refer the biJUo the
Committee on the Judiciary. * - '
" Mr. Turley also made an ineffectual motion to lay the'
bill on the table. „ '
"fllr. BIoomliufT moved the indefinite postponement of
the proposition. We wanted no popular expression in re-
lation to this question, for ail know that the people preferred"
that the black laws.«houl<l remain as they now stand on the
statute-book.
'• Mr. Vallandigham said fie hardly knew bow to vote on
it under the circumstances. He could not but recollect
that there was another question but the other day proposed .
to he referred to the people, and whieft, -under ths consti-
tution, could be decided only by the people; and unao that
question Mr. V. had found himself opposed by the gentle-
man from Pi able [Mr. WhitndseJ and those who supported
him in biinging forward this proposition. He could wish to
see gentlemen consistent, &c.
" Mr. V. believed that thq passage of this bill would re-
sult in tile most effectual putting down of this vexed ques-
tion for perhaps twenty years to come. It would probably
Call out as the question of negro suffrage in the State of
New Fork, where the people had given a majority of fifty
thousand against it."
That sir, is the cotemporary record of the re-
marks which I made and reasons which I assigned
for supporting that bill; and now, recurring to the
charge of the gentleman from North Carolina,
that " I voted to allow free negroes and other
negroes to testify against white men," I here and
again, in view of the facts-and documents which I
have produced, reiterate and reaffirm my denial,
promptly made at the moment, and my declara-
tion that " I never cast such a vote."
TARIFF REVISION—PROfECTIVE POLICY.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, as a Representative from the largest manu-
facturing city in the Union, whose production of
fabrics amounts to $150,000,000 per annum, and
from a State which, in 1850, produced more than
one half of the whole quantity of iron in the Uni-
ted States, I cannot but feel a deep interest in any
measure of legislation relating so directly to our
domestic manufactures as the proposed revision
of the tariff. Strong, however, as is my feeling
on this subject as a State question, it is no less
so aa one of national import.
The State that 1, in part, represent, asks no
special favors, to the derogation of the claims of
other members of the Union. 1 should be false
to the patriotic spirit of my own immediate con-
stituency, as well as to that of Pennsylvania at
large, were I, on this floor, to advocate the cause
of protection as a local question. It is because its
effects have been of equal benefit to all parts of
the country; because it has been the maia-spring
of our prosperity and material independence; and
because it promotes the welfare of agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures, that I stand here
to-day to main lain it, as the only safe basis of
tariff legislation.
The insufficient revenue yielded by the existing
tariff rendering its revision a matter of necessity
to the Government, the question arises whether
it shall be done with a view to revenue exclu-
sively? whether due regard shall be had to the
interests of domestic industry? and whether the
policy of protection which, in some form or other,
direct or incidental, has always been incorporated
with our revenue system, shall be recognized in
the proposed revision? The Secretary of the
Treasury seems to look to revenue alone, and to
be rather disposed to discriminate against the in-
dustry of the country, than in its favor. He recom-
mends that the proposed increase of duty shall
be levied on articles not of thegrowth of this coun-
try, and on those of domestic origin that come the
least into competition with foreign fabrics.
Is there anything in the history of the past to
justify the reasoning of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury? Did any of the protective tariffs fail to pro-
vide the Government with revenue, or to promote
the general interests of the country ? Has not
every attempt that has been made to approximate
to a system of absolute free trade in the United
States, been productive of infinite mischief alike
to the Government and the people ? Are not the
most prosperous periods in our history—those in
which the Government was amply provided with
