1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
their ri^ht to decide—such is the doctrine of Chan- {
cellor Kent—and having so decided it is not com- ;
petent for the Legislature of any State to tell them j
not only that they are wrong; not only to ask j
them to revise that decision, but to treat it with J
cpntempt, and undertake to make an election; and j
yet we are to be told that those claiming under an j
election made under such circumstances, are en- I
titled, by courtesy, to be admitted to the floor of j
this body. I can accede to no such doctrine. !
Now, sir, I wish to put the case which I men- i
tioned in a former debate here. You cannot dis- j
tinguish between the principle of them, but I ap- j
prehend the Senate would never doubt in such a ■
case whatever. ASenatorfrommyownStatewas, ]
in the recess of the Legislature, appointed by the j
Governor as a Senator from the State of Dcla- !
ware under the authority vested in him by the i
Constitution of the United States. For the pur-
poses of appointment, he had the same authority
precisely in the case of a recess of the Legislature
that the Legislature has when in session. When
he presented himself on the floor of the Senate for
the purpose of being qualified, the objection was
made that he was not entitled; and the decision of
the Senate was, that before he should be qualified,
the credentials should be referred to a committee
of the Senate. They were referred. The commit-
tee reported that the Legislature of the State had
met in the interim between the vacancy occurring,
without taking any action whatever; and that,
therefore, subsequent to their meeting and ad-
journment, the authority of the executive did not
exist to make the appointment. That judgment
was affirmed by a vote of the Senate of some 20 j
to 7. The decision was right—clearly right; the |
whole process was right. The party was not per- |
mitted to be qualified. I
Now, sir, suppose that when that Senator had \
gone hom*, the Governor of the State had chosen j
to say, " this decision is wrong; the object of the '
Constitution is"—and a plausible argumentcould ,
be made upon that as upon almost every other j
question—" to keep the Senate full; the Legisla- j
ture is not in session and will not be in session I
for six months after Congress meets; I do not j
want the State unrepresented, and therefore 1 j
shall reappoint the same party, or appoint another
man, and send him there with my memorial, in
the name of the State, asking the Senate to revise
their former decision and admit the appointee as
a Senator of the United States." Now, there
would be less objection m such a case as that, on
the ground that the Senate would not be full, the
State would be unrepresented. Does any one !
doubt that such an act as that, in the face of the
decision of the Senate, would be a disiespect to
the body? How can it be otherwise? The ex-
clusive power is vested in us to decide on the
qualifications, returns, and elections, of our own
members. No other revising body exists. If the
Legislature of a State, or the Governor of a State,
can undertake to revise those decisions—not ask
us to revise them, but to revise them themselves
—and act as if the decision was a nullity, and send
their claimants here who are to be heard on this
floor, (I suppose for the purpose of making stump
speeches for circulation in the State of Indiana,)
if such is the rule, I ask how the Constitution of
the United States can be observed? What order
can we expect in the body?
Objections might be multiplied. You may make
a decision in one term, and tiie next term of the
Senate, or the next Congress at any rate, you may
be called upon to revise your decision. Although
it may be perfectly true, that in political bodies
political passions and preferences too often mingle
and disturb the course ofjudicial action,the result
will be to destroy entirely any argument or any
general principle m reference to the rights of Sen-
ators to seats, except the will of the existing body
at the time of the appeal. Your tenure of office
would be gone. The Constitution makes it six
years. Each successive Legislature might take
the chances of argument, or discussion, or political
change in the Senate of the United States, as to
whether they would apply to them to revise their
former judgment. There would be no safety;
there would be no certainty. The same reason,
with a view to finality, with a view to the end of
litigation and strife, which has bound, comts of
justice* on the great orinciple that the interest of
the public required that there should be some end
to litigation, to hold final judgments as not argu-
able matters, requires that when the Senate of the
United States on the same state of facts have de-
cided questions of law—whether the decision is
erroneous or correct is immaterial—it is final and
irreversible.
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] has chosen to make a great many
quotations in this case, and to go into the merits
of the former decision of the Senate. I have no
answer to make to that. Whether my opinion
was in favor of that decision, or coincided with
it, is perfectly immaterial, in my judgment. I
hold it to be irreversible by my action, or the action
of this body, now. If the honorable Senator de-
sires to know, I will state that 1 did not coincide
in that opinion. But that does not make it the
less right; it does not make it the less obligatory
on me as a member of the body; in the same
manner that, as a private citizen, when a law is
passed, I am bound to obey a law, though I may
have thought it inexpedient, or unwise, or unjust.
But, sir, as the honorable Senator has chosen to
make quotations, 1 will take the liberty of quot-
ing, too, from the action of the Senate on a former
occasion upon this ease. The Committee on the
J udiciary reported at three several times upon this
subject. In the first instance, they reported in
favor of authorizing testimony to be taken by the
protestants, who are composed of a majority of the
Seiiate of Indiana, and a minority of the House
of Representatives—aminority of the whole body.
They protested against the election of the sitting
Senators; and on their protest the case was heard.
The Senate authorized testimony to be taken.
The committee reported a resolution to that cflcct.
While that resolution was pending, on the 16th of
February, 1858:
" The Senate resumed the consideration of the resolution
repoited hy the Committee on the Judiciary, m the c.ihc of
the contested election of the lion Graham N. Fitch and
the Hon. Jjlssk D. Biuoar ; and
" On the question to agree to the following amendment,
proposed by Mi. Trumbull"—
I believe that is the honorable Senator from
Illinois—
" Strike out all after the word ' resolved,' and insert:
kS • Tli.it the Senate will now proceed to the final determ-
ination of tiio right to in this body, of Graham N.
Fitcii and Jesse i). Bright, claimed to have been elected
Senator?, by the Legislature of Indiana.' "
What was the Senator's idea of finality, then ?
What did he mean by the word " final?" Did
he mean that lie thought testimony unnecessary,
and that we ought then finally to dispose of the
case? There is no other meaning that can be at-
tached to the word. But the exigency had not
then arisen; even the imagination of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois would not have led him
to the supposition that the Legislature of Indiana,
in the face of the decision of the Senate, would
have had so little respect for it as to take the step
tliey did, of a subsequent election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me, I would inquire if my prop-
osition was not voted down?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was voted down. It
was for a final decision of their claims; but the
question now is a different one. Other parties
claim. While up, I would ask the Senatorfrom
Delaware another question. I understood him to
i have avowed, in his present remarks, that in his
opinion the Senators from Indiana were wrong-
fully admitted to their seats last session. If they
were wrongfully admitted they were unconstitu-
tionally admitted; and I ask the Senator from Del-
aware now, if, believing them to hold seats here
in violation of the Constitution, he is willing to
shelter himself behind a resolution of this body?
j Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator puts
t his question. I will in proper time be ready to
' answer him. I shall go on with my own line of
j argument. He has not got rid of the import of his
I own amendment. The question before the Senate
then was whether, m the pending case, the parties
should take testimony or not. The honorable
Senator moved his amendment to proceed to the
final determination of the ease. If he had not con-
sidered the determination then to be made, final,
why insert the word ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The proposition then,
whether final or interlocutory, was, "would you
take testimony;" that is all.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand it precisely,
take the amendment as it reads If the word
"final" can have any meaning—'that is, any
meaning according to the ordinary import of lan-
guage—the idea in the mind of the gentleman who
proposed it was, that the decision to be made,
whether the party was or was not entitled to a
seat, was to be a final adjudication of the question.
Then we refused to do if, but after taking the tes-
timony we did proceed to act according to the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois, and we
made a " final decision" in the language of the
resolution reported by the Senator from Ohio,
which was final. The whole difference consists
in this: that then no one dreamed that the Legis-
lature of Indiana would undertake the course they
did in reference to this election, and therefore
there was no necessity to guard the resolution of
the honorable Senator from Illinois,and itsprung
from his general knowledge of law and of the
effect of the decision of the Senate.
Now, sir, as to this idea of a case being be-
tween parties, it seems to me it is grossly absurd.
You might as well say that a decision under the
bankrupt law, which is always ex parte, did not
bind, and a creditor could come in, because the
case is reported on the record, " cx parte, A B,"
and, therefore, not conclusive upon him, just as
much as the parties. The power is given to the
body to protect itself. An admission of prima
facie evidence is no decision of the Senate. It is
merely an admission for the purposes of subse-
quent investigation. Where the objection is made,
and a con test is raised, it matters not how, whether
on the objection of a single Senator, or, as in this
case, on the objection of a ma jority of the Senate
of Indiana and a minority of the House of Rep-
resentatives, if the question comes beforg you, if
the right of the State comes before you, the de-
cision must be final as to the right of the parties.
I put the question to honorable Senators on the
other side, if the decision on that occasion had
been that the election was not valid, whether they
would not have held the decision final? If final
in the one case it must be final in both. You can-
not give an aspect to any judicial decision that
shall not be final as to the rights of both parties.
If you had decided that they were not entitled to
their seats, would you have heard them this ses-
sion again, if the Legislature of Indiana in a me-
morial, or any other mode, had asked you to hear
them? No. They would have lost the seats in
the Senate, if the judgment pronounced against
them would have ousted them from the seats if
adverse, certainly on all legal principles, if pro-
nounced in favor, it must be conclusive as to the
rights, according to the terms of the judgment.
Mr. President, there are many other matters
connected with this question into which one might
enter; but I forbear, because I am satisfied that
the real ground, the true ground upon which this
case ought to be decided, certainly the one I hold,
which binds me, is, that ajudicial decision having
been rendered, further inquiry cannot be made
into it. The honorable Senator from Illinois en-
deavors, by a sophism, to tell me that I am vio-
lating the Constitution if I considered this decis-
ion erroneous when made, and support it now as
final. Because 1 held that opinion, then, he seems
to suppose that I am bound now to vote for a re-
consideration of it. I think the answer to that is
very obvious. I might as well pretend to disobey
the law of the land, because, in my private judg-
ment, though the courts had affirmed its constitu-
tionality, 1 considered it was an unconstitutional
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I desire merely to ask him a question of law-
oil the point which he is arguing. Suppose the
charter of a city gives to the Board of Common
Council, or the Board of Aldermen, as they all
do, to decide upon the elections of their own mem-
bers. Suppose either body, the Aldermen, or
Common Council, decide on a certain day that a
! certain person, whose seat is contested, is legally
I elected. On a subsequent day, the board reverses
' that decision by a vote, and decides that he is not
legally elected. He files his petition for a man-
damus in the court having jurisdiction, to compel
the Council to admit him to a seat Would the
