70S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
revenue, and the trade and industry of the coun-
try were most flourishing—the periods when the
protective policy was in operation ?
The prote^ive periods are marked by a steady
and equable revenue, as well as by a sound, in-
ternal prosperity; while those of comparative free
trade are distinguished by extreme fluctuations of
the revenue, excessive importations, and financial
and business panics of the most disastrous char-
acter. It is, sir, also a remarkable fact, that the
advocates of free trade themselves have been
obliged to rHreatfrom the practical application
of their doctrines, whenever they have had even
a comparative test in this country.
The war of 1812-14, with the non-intercourse
laws, embargo, and a judicious tariff, had built
up our manufactures. The revenue tariff of 1816,
while it stimulated a sudden and large increase of
revenue, overwhelmed the country with foreign
goods, crippled our rising industry, and finally,
owing to tne impoverishment of the country, the
revenue fell off to the inadequate amount of
$15,000,000. The failure of the revenue tariff of
1816 to meet the wants of the country and Gov-
ernment, compelled the readoption of protection
to a moderate degree in the tariff of 1824, and to
the full extent required by the necessities of the
times, in that of 1828. Under the latter act, the
prosperity of the country immediately revive,d,
and the revenue gradually rose from $23,000,000
to §33,000,000 in 1833, the last year of its exist-
ence. That disastrous measure, the compromise
act,enactedm this year, and which repudiated pro-
tection, while it raised the revenue to $48,000,000
in. one year, rcduccd it to $11,000,000 in another
year. Under its operation, the country becamc
bankrupt; factories and furnaces were closed; great
distress was produced from the want of work;
and thousands of the working classes were re-
duced to beggary and want. The overflowing
Treasury of 1836 was exhausted, and it finally
left the Government $54,000,000 in debt. Never
was there a more signal failure m legislation than
the revenue tariff of 1833.
The protective tariff of 1842, which was created,
in obedience to an overruling necessity, to heal the
wounds inflicted on the country by free trade, soon
fulfilled the expectations of us projectors. The
revenue from customs steadily rose from the
$18,000,000 of the last year of the compromise
tariff, to $27,500,000. The credit, of the Federal
Government, which had been unable to negotiate
a loan in Europe at six per cent., was restored.
Defaulting States resumed the paymentof interest
on their debts. The unemployed found labor, at
increased wages, in the reopened mills, factories,
and furnaces. Raiiioad and all Other stocks, as
well as real estate, rose m value, and specie flowed
back to us from Europe. Theie being no artificial
stimulus importation by a low scale of duties,
we produced and consumed more at homo, and
diminished our indebtednebs abroad. The con-
sumption of cotton by our home manufactures
nearly doubled under the taiilF of 1842, while the
domestic production of iron increased, in the five
years of its existence, from two hundred and thirty
thousand tons per annum to eight hundred thou-
sand tons per annum. By this tariff the manu-
facture of railroad iron, of which not a bar had
previously been made in the United States, was
called into existence by a protective duty of twenty-
five dollars per ton; and, notwithstanding the vi-
cissitudes to which it has since been exposed by
vucillatrng legislation, the encouragement it then
received has enabled it, under great sacrifices, to
maintain itself to the piescnt day, when its an-
nual production reaches two hundred thousand
tons. The internal commerce tose under the tariff
of 1812 from ^108,000,000 to ^146,000,000 per
annum. When it was repealed, to give place to
the revenue tariff of 1846, it had reestablished
State and national credit., had filled the country
with plenty and prosperity in all its borders. Had
that tariff been permitted to exist, the production
of railroad iron in the United States would now
amount to upwards of a million tons, and at least
one third of the whole cotton crop of the south-
ern States would be consumed in our own manu-
factories, creating a rivalry of demand with Eng-
land, and maintaining it at a steady and remu-
nerative price to the producer.
The tariff of 1842, was not suffered to continue
its beneficent career, and was supplanted by the
reduced tariff of 1846, which, as its predecessors
based on the same principles, promoted inordin-
ate importations to the ruin of domestic industry.
The customs in the first seven months of the tariff
of 1846, fell off $2,500,000. In the next year of
Irish famine they rose $8,000,000, varying several
millions of increase or decrease every year, until
they reached $63,875,905, in 1856-57. To deplete
an overflowing Treasury, the duties were again
reduced under the tariff of 1857. As under pre-
vious revenue tariffs, the Government and people,
when the mischievous effects of such legislation
were fully carried out, were involved in like dis-
tress. Millions of capital invested in manufac-
tures have been lost, manufacturing establish-
ments have been obliged to close their doors and
dismiss their operatives, while the revenue of the
Government has fallen $50,000,000 short of its
expenditure.
The history of protective legislation carries
with it its own vindication, as this review of the
past shows; while that of free trade condemns
itself. The former affords a sure basis of calcula-
tion as to revenue, and is a stable guarantee of
prosperity. The latter is a source of embarrass-
ment to tratje and revenue; inflating them to an
extravagant degree at one time, and depressing
them to the lowest pitch at another. Immense
land speculations, stock gambling, increased for-
eign indebtedness, an overflowing national Treas-
ury, and extravagance in all departments of Gov-
ernment are the characteristics of anti-protective
tariffs m the first stages; to be followed as surely,
in the end, as the night follows the day, by a
general crash in business affairs; <x suspension of
specie payments, owing to the drain of specie to
Europe to pay for the deluge of importations; and
by the exhaustion of the Federal Treasury and
j the creation of a new national debt. Who can
! estimate the misery inflicted on the workingmen,
when, by this anti-American policy of legislation,
our domestic industry is sacrificed at one rude
blow, and the marts of labor closed; when the
American mechanic is suddenly deprived of em-
ployment, and Ins domestic happiness and hide-"
pendence arc blighted by a system of legislation
that ruins the American manufacturer, and builds
up the fortunes of his European rival? I hold it
to be one of the highest duties of the American
Government to protect the inteiests of American
labor, and to sustain it against foreign competi-
tion. Ceitainly that legislation cannot be j$fet
which encourages European labor and industry
to our detiiment; which prevents the development
of our great natural resources and promotes those
of Europe.
Hut we arc told, sir, by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millsox,] that the policy of pro-
tection js obsolete, and that it is being abandoned
by the leading nations of Europe. 1 take issue
with that gentleman on this subject, and I assert
that it was never more in vogue than at present.
The culture of the beet-root established by Na-
poleon i., under the continental system, to render
France independent of British su^ar, and which
has ever since been protected by defensive duties,
now annually yields fourteen oi fifteen million
dollars, and*is extended over mote than a hundred
thousand acres. Its great production has re-
duced the price of both the domestic and foitiicn
sugar. Wnhout it, the consumer in Fiance would
have been obliged to pay whatever price the for-
eign producer demanded. U was the boast of Na-
poleon that he naturalized the manufacture of cot-
ton in Frainv, fnst by prohibiting the web, and
next spun cotton, until lie succeeded m firmly
establishing the thiee branches of the cotton man-
ufacture m that couutiy.
The piesent development of this branch of in-
dustry in France sufficiently illustrates the wise
forecast of Napoleon, giving employment, as it
does, to more than twenty thousand persons, in
two thousand and fifty mills and factories, and
producing annually neaily sixty million dollars
of cotton goods. Almost all foreign cotton man-
ufacturer continue to be prohibited m France,
while a bounty of $15 74 per two hundred and
twenty pounds is allowed on the export of cotton
hosiery. Gunpowder, fine earthenware, nails and
castings, fi if-arms for sokheis, bottles, leather,
gloves, articles of wrought, sheet, and cast-iron,
knives, nails, silk, tulle, snuffs, soaps, and many
other articles^ are prohibited by the Prench tariff.
The high protective character of that tariff, and
the jealous care with which the French Govern-
ment encourages the industry of its people, is yet
more clearly demonstrated in the bounties allowed
on the export of domestic manufactures. Among
the bounties on the export of such articles, it will
be sufficient for my purpose to cite the following;
On sulphuric acid, $1 30 per two hundred and
twenty pounds; aqua fortis, a similar bounty;
soda, 83 4-5 cents per two hundred and twenty
pounds; bonnets, of wool or cotton, $15 74 per
two hundred and twenty pounds; carpets, of pure
wool, $18 51 per two hundred and twenty pounds,
and those mixed with linen or cotton, $15 74 for
the same weight; bottles, filled or not, 23 cents
per two hundred and twenty pounds; large mir-
rors, 18-| cents per superficial metre; jewelry, the
same as. import duty; hams, $4 68-per two hun-
dred and twenty pounds; straw hats, trimmed,
23 cents each; ready-made clothing, the import
duty on the raw material.
France has of late, through the President of the
Council, M. Baroche, lately made a public dec-
laration to the world, of its adhesion to the pro-
tective policy. In his words, she has determined
to—
11 Formally reject the principles of free trade, a5? incom-
patible with the independence and security ot a great na-
tion. and as destructive or her noblest manufactures. No
doubt our customs tauff contains u&elesH, antiquated prohi-
bitions. and we think theymu^t be removed. But piotec-
tion is ncce.-jaty to our manufactuies. ThN protection must
not be blmd, unchangeable, oi excessive ; buttiie principle
of*itmu&t bo fit inly maintained."
The Russian tariff prohibits tho importation of
iron bars and manufactures of iron, refined sugar,
gunpowder, &.c.; while the duties on cotton goods
and other branches of native industry, are such
as to exempt them from all danger of being pros-
trated by foreign competition; to a fair contest
with which they are exposed by a reduction of
duties, trom time to time, carefully graduated to
their progress and self-sustaining ability. Free
trade had a fai: experiment in Russia, in the tariff
of 1819, and its effects were so disastrous that
Count Ncsselrode, in an official circular of 1821,
declared that it was absolutely necessary to aban-
don it, to save the empire from ruin. In his own
words—
The products of the empire found ho market abroad ;
the manufactures of Russia were ruined, or upon the verge
of rum , the money of the countiy wa& being carried off into
fotpurn paiu. and the most solid commercial establishments
weie on Uie bunk of deduction."
The protective system was consequently adopt-
ed: *
Not finding abroad {/ays List] any maiket for her pio-
duets, llu-Msia attempted to'solve the revere of the problem,
: bj butiqinj; the maikets near to the products. She estab--
! itched nianulactuies upon hor own domain. The demand
| toi fine wool, occa.-ioned by the woolen manufactures thus
■ eieated. had iho effect of rapidly increasing and impioving
i lici "beep husbandry Commence at laige inoieased, m-
l stead of diminishing underthis policy, especially commeice
! with Pei-sia, China, and other neighboring countries m Asia.
! Comm^'CMl revuKion- came to an end; and it suffices to
1 examine the Ia-4 repoit of the depaitment of commerce m
f itu>sia, to be convinced that Kubsia owes to that system
i hei lush degree of pro->peiity, and that sin; is advancing with
! gigantic otfidus m a caieer of wealth and power."
I In h'tle more than a quarter of a century, Rus-
sia, under the genial influence of a wise system
of protective duties, has become one of the chief
nianuf.ietvmivr nations of Europe. The annual
! value of her manufactures is estimated at the sum
: of §>364.500,000, and they give employment to
j six million sixty-four thousand seven huiuired
: persons. She has invited artisans from all parts
: of the world by high rates of compensation, to
introduce and improve manufactures; and she has
: attained to such, perfection in linens that she has
! impuited none from Great Britain since 1851. In
■ cotton velvets, Russia is fast driving England out
I of the Chinese market, of which she formerly
| had exclusive possession for the sale of this arti-
■ ele. Russian cloths chiefly supply the markets
of Central Asia, while in Tartary, and Russia
| itself, British woolens are rarely heard of, and
' Russian printed cottons are said now to be equal
to those of Alsaceand Lancashire. (Carey's Social
Science.) The exports in 1851 exceeded fifty-eight
i milHondollais, and the imports fifty-seven million
dollais; leaving, as for almost every year since the
protective policy was established, in 1823, a bal-
ance in favor of Russia. By a steady adherence
: to this policy, from 1823 to the present time, Rus-
, sia has been exempt from those commercial dis-
