1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
asters to which we have been subjected, by vas-
cillating legislation, and her progress has been
steady and unfaltering.
The German Customs Union, composed of
Prussia, Bavaria, Wurtemberg, Saxony, Hesse
Cassel, Baden, Frankfort, Nassau, Hanover,
Brunswick, and Oldenburg, formed in 1833, is the
latest triumph of protection; and nowhere have
its effects m stimulating the growth of domestic
industry been more signally demonstrated. The
tariff of that confederation is as protective as that
of the United States,and it has always been main-
tained at a sufficiently high rate to sustain the de-
veloping manufactures of the country. Landed
property has risen fifty to one hundred per cent,
in value, within the territory of the Union, since
its origin. The demand for agricultural products
and their prices have largely increased, as well as
the wages of labor. While the products of the
Zoll-Verein looms are admitted by Dr. Bownng,
the commissioner sent over by Parliament to look
into the workings of the Union tariff, to be supe-
rior to those of England; they are also sold at a
lower price Such has been the progress made in
the manufacture of cotton and woolen goods, that
they are now no longer imported for general use.
The product of the coal mines of Prussia, the
leading State of the Union, rose from 7,000,000
tons of coal, in 1824, to 46,500,000 tons, in 1854;
while the total of her coal, iron, lead, and copper,
increased from 11,000,000 francs, in 1824, to
159,268,220 francs, in 1854. The value of the
produce of the mines, smelting-works, founder-
les, and roPing-mills, is 301,345,GG1 francs, and the
number of workmen employed in them 144,896.
The progress of the woolen manufacture in Prus-
sia, since the formation of the German Customs
Union, is as follows:
Number of hand and Number of
mechanical looms. workmen
1831 16.300 20,0 0
3 846 01.231 47.066
IS-) 9   3o,iM7 51,518
The increased wealth of the kingdom may be
seen from the fact that the consumption of cloth
has increased from three fourths of an ell, in 1805,
to three and a half ells, per person, in 1852. That
protection increases external as well as internal
trade, is illustrated m the importation of raw silk
into the Zoll~Verem; which, from 6,500quintals,
in 1842, rose to 17,758 quintals, in lb52. The ex-
ports of woolengoodsof the Zoil-Verein, in 1819,
were 90,619 quintals, and, in 1852, 111,330 quin-
tals. Prom the 76,000 tons of bar iron made
in 1834, the quantity produced had increased to
200,000 tons m 1850, and the pig iron made in
that year reached 600,000 tons. The present
consumption c~ iron in the Zoll-Verein, says
Mr. Carey, is fifty pounds per head per annum,
an amount greater than in any country of the
world, except Great Britain, the United States,
France, and Belgium, hi 1849, not a furnace was
to be seen in the neighborhood of Mmdui, in
Westphalia; but now, nays a recent traveler, they
stand like towers about abroad plain—making a
vast demand for food, clothing, and labor. Of the
eighty copper mines of Prussia, no less than
twenty-four have been opened within the last tew
years. Instead of exporting wool to England to
be fabricated there, and imported back in cloth,
the Zoll-Verein States now import upwards of
40,000,000 pounds annually, and in 1851 they
exported 12,000,000 pounds of woolen cloth.
The iftllgzmtint Zciiung, the leading organ of
German interests, m speaking of the Union in
1841, said:
u Within these ten years, since protection was estab-
lished. Germany has mode the advance of a centniv i n wel-
fare and industry, m the ieelmg of self-depuuJenc^, and
national enugy."
England has resorted to every kind of expedient
to prevent the extension of the Union, and to
change the character of its tariff, but it has all
been in vain. !a the quarter of a century that it
has existed, it has conferred such innumerable
blessings on the people of the States which com-
pose it, has diffused such general comfort and in-
dependence throughout the country, has so much
improved the condition of the laboring classes,
both agricultural and mechanical, that it_ will bo
adhered to, as a permanent policy of legislation,
to be reduced in rigor as the interests of the coun-
try will allow.
1 might, sir, pursue this investigation further,
and show from the tariffs of Spain, Denmark,
Austria, and other European States, that protec-
tion, instead of being obsolete, is a living fact in
t j all the great kingdoms of the Old World, and
1 firmly adhered to as the sure basis of national
prosperity and independence. But I have given
evidence enough to refute the allegation that it has
been discarded by all enlightened States and
statesmen. Permit me now to refer4o countries
in which free trade has for a long period been
the policy, and to Turkey and India in particular.
Certainly no kingdom of the Old World possesses
superior natural capabilities to Turkey. Rich in
useful minerals, surrounded by a long line of sea-
coast, with fine ports, and with a fertile soil and
various climate, she possesses all the requisites
for a great commercial and manufacturing nation.
These advantages are, however, neutralized by
the governmental policy of the Turkish empire.
A uniform tariff of five per cent, on all goods
when landed, and two per cent, on their being ad-
mitted to consumption, administered by the most
corrupt custom officers in the world, has almost
entirely destroyed the once flourishing manufac-
tures of the emnire. While foreign imports are
encouraged by tnis low scale of duties, a duty of
twelve per cent, is imposed^ on exports of native
production; the revenue laws being so framed as
to operate against the domestic industry, and in
favor of the foreign manufacturer.
The effect of this system is thus described by
the free-trade writer, McCulloch:
"There can be 110 doubt that the native manufacturers,
who pioducc goodi not for domestic consumption, hm for
sale, nave been involved in the neatest distress in conse-
quence of the importation of English and other lorei^n
'l ite manufacture ot cotton yam has been, espe
eially, iuterfeicd with ; and English cotton twist is now
generally twed tor waip in such Turkish looms a^ are &tiil
at work, and is an article ot increasing consumption."
The velvets and silks of Broussa and Aleppo,
the muslins of Constantinople, and the crapes and
gauzes of Salonica, are almost entirely super-
seded by similar articles from England, France,
and Italy; while German cloths are rapidly taking
the place of the Turkish stuffs throughout (he
empire. Of 600 looms at Scutari in 1812, says
Carey, but 40 remained in 1821; and of the 2,000
weaving establishments at Tournovo in 1812, but
200 remained in 1830. Since then, the manufac-
ture has, it is believed, entirely disappeared.
Ambelakaio, which taughtMontpellier the art of
dyeing, and which once supplied Germany by the
industry of us spindle and distaff, has been com-
pletely l uined as a seat of manufactures.
In consequence of the decay of manufactures,
alargepaitof the population has been thrown
back on agriculture for employment. For want
of a home-market, the prices of products have
fallen to such a degree that the agricultural laborer
can only earn from eight to ten cents a day. In-
stead of bringing the consumer and producer to-
gether, the Turkish Government pursues a policy
which forces the export of wool and cotton to
distant countries to be manufactured for the use
of its subjects. Agriculture has ceased to be prof-
itable: and vast tracts, once covered with grain
and cotton crops, are now- turned into waste;
while vcsols throng the ports with grain from
O'le^a and other Russian ports. The constant
of imports over exports produces such a
steady dram of specie from the country, that it
is deprived of any circulating medium but the de-
based paper of the Government, which is m such
a constant state of fluctuation as to have no fixed
value. The deficiency of revenue from customs
is supplied by a heavy direct tax—which is the
moie oppressive on account of the low wages of
labor, the want of steady employment, and the
general povertj" of the country. ThcGovernment,
every year getting deeper into debt, adds to the
burdens of the people; while its policy is indirect
conflict with the prosperity of the country. The
ancientroadshave become impassable, the bridges
have fallen into decay from the inability of the
Government to repair them, and the transport of
grain to market has become so expensive as to dis-
couiageits cultivation as an article of trade. The
price of land has greatly sunk in value, so that it
may be bought, in the immediate vicinity of the
chief cities, for a few cents an acre. Poverty, ig-
norance, crime, sterility, and popular degradation
and misery, are the curses that free trade have
entailed on Turkey. The same results will every-
where occur from like causes.
India is m the condition that it was the aim of
the British Government to beep our eolomal
ancestors—mere producers of ratir' material.
Since the sway of Great Britain has beeft, ex-
tended over British India, her policy has been: to
destroy the native manufactures, and to force the:
inhabitants to raise cotton, sugar, and indigo,f&r
fabrication in^ England. .The- fabrics of India
have been subjected to a heavy duty in England*;
while the import of British goods into India is
free of all restriction. The export of machinery
and artisans to India is prohibited; every loom is*
taxed, and the manufacture of salt from the ex-
tensive salt ponds and coasts of India, is prohib-
ited. When the native manufactures, during the
independence of the different States-, y/ere flour-
ishing, cotton was grown in immense quantities.
The production was sufficiently great to supply
not only the home demand, but an exportation of
two hundred million pounds of cloth to other
countries. With the ruin of the domestic manu-
factures the price declined, and the quantity raised
has greatly diminished, so that the culture has
been abandoned in many places once covered with-
cotton crops. The exportof cloth has now ceased
altogether, while the annual import of twist and
cloth from England amounts to nearly eighty
bullion pounds m weight.
Instead of being clad in the cheap product of
their own looms, the people of India are now
obliged to raise cotton at one penny a pound and
send it to England to be manufactured, and pay
such a price for it as will gratify the cupidity of
their rulers. Says Carey:
" The power of consumption is consequently small, and
the great domestic beats of manufacture, at which men,
women, and children, wcie aecustomcd to combine their
labors, have disappeared Dacca, one of the principal
seats of the cotton manulactuie, contained ninety thousand
houses ; hut its splendid building', factories, and churches,
are now a mass of rum?, and overgrown with jungle." *
* * * "With the decline of Tndian manufactures,
the demand for the seivices of women or children has
ceased, and they arc forced either to remain idle orto seek
employment in the field; and heie we have one of the dis-
tinguishing marks of a retrocession towaids slavery and bar-
barism. The men. too, who had been accustomed to fill up
the mteivals of other employments, m pursuits connected
with the cotton manufacture, were also driven to the field":
all demand for labor, physical or intellectual, being at an
end, except so far as n was lequired for raising indigo, su- *
gar, cotton, orrice."
Diminished population, diminished productive-
ness of the soil, the ruin of once flourishing seats
of manufactures; reduction of the wages of agricul-
tural labor to a point butone removeabove starva-
tion, owing to the decline of the price of raw
cotton, sugar, and indigo; and decreased impor-
tations, are the characteristics of absolute free
trade in British India, as they would be in this
country, were the people of the United States
mere growers of raw material, as the people of
India now are,
Our ancestors were stimulated to tfr^laehieve-
mentof Ameiican independence by just such re-
strictions as those which have been imposed upon
British India. The aim of British legislation, in
the early history of this country, was to prevent
the establishment of manufactures. In 1699 the
British Pai[lament prohibited the colonies from
exporting wool, yarn, or wocilen fabrics, and
from carrying them from one colony to another.
In 1719 Parliament declared that the erection of
manufactories m the colonies tended to lessen
their dependence on the mother country. On
complaint of the industrial progress of the colo-
nies, by the British manufacturers, the board of
trade was specially instructed to inquire into the
subject. In consequence of the report of the
board, in 1732, of the general extension of manu-
factures in the colonics, to the detrimentof Brit-
ish interests, and the recommendation of coercive
; measures to restrain them, Parliament made sev-
j eral enactments against American industry—ono
' prohibited the exportation of hats from the colo-
; uies, or trading in them from colony to colony;
1 and another prohibited the erection of slitting and
■ rolling mills and plating forges. Such was the
I hostility to American manufactures, at this early
! period, in England, that even a liberal-minded
statesman like Lord Chatham declared in Par-
liament "he would not have the Americans make
a hob-nail." *
These arbitrary restrictions on trade and indus-
try exasperated the free spirit of our ancestors,
manifesting, as they did, the intention of the Brit-
ish Government to keep them in a state of abject
dependence, and thwart the development of the
