760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
natural wealth of the country. National independ-
ence became a necessity; and when it was finally
woai the brave ami sagacious patriots who had
wielded pen ami sword m us behalf, signalized
their appreciation of it in one of the earliest enact-
ments of the first Congress under the Constitution.
That act, recommended by Washington, and his
Secretary, Alexander Hamilton, recited in its pre-
amble that, the duties therein laid were for the pur-
pose of discharging the debts of the United States,
" and for the encouragement and protection ofman-
vfaclwres." In those days, the golden era of the
Republic, the protection of the laoorand industry
of the country was regarded as one of the first
duties of the national Legislature, and as the most
efficient means of establishing on a firm and im-
pregnate basis the political and industrial inde-
pendence of the country. Had the visionary the-
ories of free trade which prevail at the present day
among that class of American politicians who re-
fuse to be instructed by the lessons of history, pre-
vailed under the administration of Washington,
the American Revolution would have been a boot-
less struggle, and the prospects of the nation
would have been blighted in its infancy. The de-
pendence upon Great Britain, which it was the
aim of British legislation in colonial limes to se-
cure, would still have continued, and our growth
and power would have been seriously retarded.
Shall we now, when the benefits of protection
are stamped on every page of our history, refuse
to continue the policy to which we owe so much
of our wealth and prosperity, and legislate as ef-
fectually against American interests as the British
Parliament did in the colonial stage of our exist-
ence? Are the insidious counsels of English
writers and statesmen to be followed, to the neg-
lect and ruin of our own interests? Khali Amer-
ican industry be blighted, that British manufac-
tures may thrive? Shall this noble country of
ours, with its mountains bursting with coal and
iron, and rich to superabundance in the useful and
precious minerals, be impoverished by our legis-
lation, that the Old World may grow rich at our
expense? If we are true to ouiseives, loyal to the
spirit in which the war of independence was be-
gun and fought, and inspired by a true love of
country, we will legislate for ourselves, and our-
selves alone.
The abolition of all customs duties, as pro-
posed in a report made to this body last session,
by the gentleman from youth Carolina, [Mx.
Bovce,"J would expose onr immature manufac-
turing system to a ruinous competition with Brit-
ish capital and the pauper labor of Europe.
While encouragement and protection to our own
manufactures would be withdrawn, such legisla-
tion would act as a powerful stimulant to U'ntish
industry. It would reduce the wages of the few
laboreis \?ho could find employment in our nulls j
and factories, to a level with those of the over-
worked and poorly paid operatives of Birming-
ham and Manchester. Foreign manufactures
would be thrown upon us in such profusion as to
destroy our own and European capital, and labor
would have no further temptation to emigrate to
this country. When, by improved process of
manufacture, we are on a footing of equality with
England, and when we have accumulated capital
enough to compete with that of Europe, and have
established our manufactures on a firm foundation,
we may throw down the barriers that now shield
them from destruction; but not till then. The
inapplicability of free trade to all countries has
often been admitted by the advocates of free trade
in England themselves. The Hon G. Smythe, a
cooperator with Sir Robert Peel, in his scheme of
free trade, in an address at Canterbury, in 1847,
said:
t( I cannot quit this subject of free trade without express-
ing my opinion on its abstract principle. 1 by no means
hold that the principle of tine tiade absolutely tiue, or
that it is of universal application. If I u:cre an Ameucan^
the citizen of a youns, countnj, I should be a protectionist.
If L wore a Frenchman. tin- citizen ot'nn old eountrv. with
its mdubUy undeveloped, I should equally be a protection-
ist."
McCulloch, the great apostle of free trade,
. admits, in the following extract, that its universal
adoption would make England what she aims to
be—the workshop of the world. He says;
" Our establishments for spinning, weaving, printing,
He aching,-&c., are infinitely more complete and peiioct
thaw any that exis-t elsewhere; the division oflabor in them
weninwl 10 mcompatable plater extent; the woiianen
ar«it«MU!tl tjrom infancy to industrious habits, and have at
tained that peculiar dexterity and sleight of hand in the per-
formance of their several tasks, that can only be attained
by long and unremitted attention to the same employment.
Why,then,having all these advantage-? on our side, should
we not keep the start we have gamed ? Every other peo-
ple rhat attempt to set up manufacruies must obviously
labor under the greatest difficulties, a? compared with us.
Their establishments cannot, atfhst, be sufficiently large to
enable the division of employments to be carried on to any
conr-iderable extent. At the same time, that expertness in
manipulation, and in the details of the vanous processes,
can only be attained by slow degrees. It appears, there-
fore, reasonable to conclude that sueli new beginners, hav-
ing to withstand the competition of those who have already
arrived at a very high degiee of perfection in the art, must
be immediately driven out of every market equally access-
ible to both parties; and that nothing but the aiddeiivedfrom
restrictive regulations and prohibitions will be effectual to
jwevent the total destruction of their establishments."
But, we are told by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that duties in anywise protective operate, to
the extent that they as a tax on the consumer.
I hold, on the contrary, that such duties are a
necessary means of reducing the prices of foreign
manufactures. They induce the investment of
capital in domestic manufactures, and thereby
raise up a rival interest to compete with the for-
eign manufacturer. Protective dtlties draw cap-
ital from other investments of jess public utility,
and stimulate their application to industrial enter-
prises, giving employment to labor, and augment-
ing the moans of living of the mechanics and op-
eratives. They add to the wealth of the country,
by the new creations of industry they call into
existence; and the temptation of profit they hold
out gives rise to a healthy rivalry throughout the
country. This domestic and foreign emulation
redounds to the benefit of the consumer, by the
progressive reduction of prices it always brings
about. I challenge the advocates of free trade to
produce a single article, which has had the benefit
of protection for a series of years, that has not
fallen greatly in price. Instead of protective duties
enhancing the cost of fabrics, they have every-
where, m the United States and in Europe, been
the certain and only reliable means of insuring its
abatement. Without protection, England would
not now annually produce $700,000,000 of man-
ufactures, nor the United States #1.019,106,616,
giving employment to nine hundred and fifty-six
thousand and fifty-nine persons, and distributing
$236,755,464 in wages per annum, employing a
capital of $533,245,351, and working up, every
year, taking the returns of 1850 as a criterion,
$555,123,822 of raw material. It is the welfare
of one million persons, who earn their daily
bread by their daily toil in our factories, forges,
furnaces, and workshops, and that of their de-
pendent families, that I appeal to you to protect
from the selfish and remorseless avarice of the Brit-
ish monopolists. This Government was founded
by piftrtical men, for piactical puiposes; it was
created by the people for their own benefit*, ami
it is false to the spirit thatgdve it birth, when its
energies are so directed ns to injure the interests
it was designed to foster and piotocf.
If protection is a tax on the consumer, why is
it that cotton goods, which cost eighty-five cents
a yard before the tariff of 1816, are now sold at
six to seven cents, and cotton shirtingshave fallen
from twenty-five cents a yard to five; sheetings
from thirty-two to seven; checks from thirty-two
to eight; striped and plain ginghams from twen-
; ty-sjx to eight; and Merrimac piints from twen-
j ty-thive cents in 1825, to nine cents m 1855?
I Woolen jeans, of the quality that sold in 1840 at
| sixty-five cents a yard, now sell at less than one
| half of that price. In 1814 to 1818, says the Na-
j tional Magazine of June, 1845, bar iron sold in
1 Cincinnati at ^200 to $220 per ton; in 1845, $100, 1
! $105} $110; in 1859 the price ranges from $65 to |
i $S0 per ton. Hammered iron, at a dutv of §>22 40 ;
1 per ton, sold at less than it did at a duty of nine j
| dollars. It also, says Colton, increased the rev- i
i ™ue from that source, which under the law of!
! 1816, at a duty of nine dollars, was $2,500,000; ;
i and under the law of 1828, at a duty of §22 40,
I was $5,500,000. These are by no means remark-
able facta. It is the uniform operation of the pro-
i fective system to cheapen the protected articles
and to augment the revenue.
If there is one production which especially de-
| serves protection from the Government, it is iron.
I No country in the world is so rich in iron depos-
' as tbc United States of America. These de~
i posits are distributed through all parts of the
l country, in the remotest West, and in the mount-
ains of the South, as well as in the mountain
ranges that face the Atlantic sea-board of the mid-
dle and eastern States. Not a ton of foreign iron
need be imported into the country, for we have
raw iron enough to supply our own wants, and
the rrfost extensive foreign demand. With proper
care by the Government, the iron manufacture in
this country would soon be developed in to gigantic
proportions, and it would constitute a most im-
portant article of commerce with non-producing
iron countries. In 1854, there was imported into
the United States, raw and manufactured iron to s
the value of $31,817,564. We expended abroad
that sum for an article which, under an enlight-
ened policy, could have been produced at home.
One million tons of iron are now annually produced
in the United States; but it is not a tithe of what
we are capable of producing, if the Government
would foster domestic instead of foreign industry.
No wonder that, under the free-trade tariff, finan-
cial crises are inevitable, sending, as they do, the
specie out of the country in such large sums to
pay for iron and other foreign articles, which we
can better make at home. Under protection, the
domestic productions for the most part supply
our wants; we contract but little debtabroad, and
the specie is retained in the country.
The wisdom of looking to our own resources,
and of seeking to develop them, has been of late
so forcibly presented m a leading organ of south-
ern sentiment, the Richmond Enquirer, that I can-
not forbear introducing it here, applying, as the
suggestions do, to all the iron-producing States:
" Why should Virginia buy foreign iron ? Why should
she spend $2,000,000 or over, annually, for iron, when she
has a superabundance of it en every hand? Why should
the State of Vngima pay three filths of that amount, even
if a tew impracticable individual-* should think proper to
encourage foreign before home industry ? Is it not eminent-
ly evident—a* plain as the most palpable truth could be—
that the gold she send?, abioad is los-t, while that w Inch she
spends at home is, in reality, not t-pent ? If she collects it
fioin one citizen and pa\s it back to another, is she not as
rich and as able ah if it vveie neither collected nor paid?
The wealth of the State i.s the wealth of the people. Ifthe
two hundred thousand tons of iron, with which our rail-
roads are built and equipped, were made in Vngima, the
£-2,000,000 winch we spent lor that iron would how be in
circulation among us, or its equivalent, in mines, manu-
facture:-, and nnpioveinents, which would be yearly pro-
ducing not only the pioceeds of that va>t investment, but
u  mciea^e—and that would have doubled ere this.
" But if it were tolly m the commencement to drain the
countiy of its currency, it would be the consummation of
that lolly to persevere in that same ruinous policy. If the
inducements ten years ago were sufficient on which toba->e
the foregoing statement,is notthemducement double now?
If it were better, then, to so great an extent, tor Virginia to
make, instead of buy. her iron, what shall we say now if
she continues! in her fatal policy ? That very iron, tor which
she drained her treasury, was bought and laid down in or-
der to open out and develop those mountains or coc/sand
ore.s, for the purpose of producing the material at home.
Those regnm  of miueial wealth aieieached; therailmads
at e made ; the money has been *pent; but still we hesitate,
and are undecided whether it is better' to buy oi make.' In
vain are oursplendid improvements completed; in vain our
vast expenditures; and in vain, too, are the magnificent
puts of nature scattered profusely aiound us. We do not
woiulu at individual-?, who .tie ahvavs selfish, or f-ouile-s
cotporations, who caie little for any interest bur then own.
it does not astonish us that they should be blinded to their
true iiifcie-t by their exclu-ive ^elti-dmefs. Thev would as
t-oon buj an iron rail hom GreatUritam a!- ftoui Vngima,
if thev could save thereby a penny lor tiie moment. But
that the State should spend her milhous—that Vngima
should give the people's money to England—lor the material
which ihey could produce themselves, to us unac-
countable. Tin- i- no small matter, it does not merely
involve the los-, of a few dollar?., or a few bundled thousand,
but it h a matter of millions, which still goes on. How the
resouices of the State can produce it. where the money is
to come fiom, we can scaieelv comprehend, unless some
change 1-5 meditated. It is an annual dram on the resources
ol the State, which our profits do not wairant. How can
we sppjul mote than we make, without contracting debts ?
" It that money, however, was -pent m the State for the
production* ot oui mountains and the labor ol our people,
instead ot bum? a drain on the currency ot the State, it
wculd, on the coritrarv, tend to increase it. Even suppose
we should pay one third more for Virginia than for Engludi
iron, and <-pend .$'3,000,000 instead of $0,000,000 yearly:
would we not still be the gainers of £2.000,000 by the oper-
ation ? As lotu as the money is m the State, it is notspetit.
Suppose the iron for the Virginia and Tennessee railroad
was made at Lynchburg—and it could have been made,
with ptofjr. for less th<in"its actual cost, delivered : would
not the millions of dollars of gold which were sent to Eng-
land Ibi that lion now be ciiculatmg m the mountains of
Virginia, and would not our manufactuiers there be flour-
ishing?"
American railroad iron has already won a high
reputation for its superior quality and greater
durability of wear over the English article. It is
preferred both at home and abroad; and it needs
but a fair rate of protection—pay twelve dollars
per ton, and continued as a fixed duty for a defi-
