1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7$1
mte and reasonable period of time—to drive the
English rail entirely out of th*s American market.
The number of accidents on the great line of rail-
way that runs through the center of Pennsylvania,
 from Philadelphia to Pittsburg', from the breaking-
of rails, is probably less than on any railroad in
the world, and it is because it is entirely laid in
American iron. When a portion of that route be-
longed to the State, between Lancaster and Phil-
adelphia, accidents were of frequent occurrence,
from the breaking of the inferior English rail with
which it was laid. The following table, from the
report of the Reading railroad for 1857, of the com-
parative wear of the sixty-pound rail of the PIkp-
nix Works, near Philadelphia, and the English
sixty-pound rail, on that road, shows asupenority
in the American rail:
Phanix. English,
1850 ..... 4 8-10 8 3-10
3 851  6 3-1U 9 4 10
  5 9-10 12
1853    6 3 10 ]'2 7-10
lb-">4  5 9 10 18 8-10
1S55  14 3 10 47
1S5G  H 6-10 37 5-10
1857  15 6-10 47 6-10
A very distinguished railway engineer of Chili,
South America, is referred to in the columns of
the North American, of Philadelphia, as writing
to a firm in that city, under date of October 14,
1858, as follows:
" {trust to tie abie to interest some of iny friends in send-
ing oiders lor noit to the States, instead of England, where
we an1 proity mhv to got poor iton. The whole of the iron
sent out to me for railway repairs on a road in Pern, which
I built, and winch 11 on came from the company, in England,
that owned the road, (that is, the iron wa< oidered l>> them
in England,) way not fit for the pui pose. The fact is, I lmve
been, for the past eight \ears; Mifiermg from the ctfects of
tia^li sent me from England. 1 am heartily s-iek of it, and
will now see what I can do m the States, By this mail f
pond to our agnnt, in New York, an oider for rat!?, cbans,
and spikes, lor a lailwuy, which 1 fehall recommend imn to
puiciia&e of you.'-'
Who will say that a manufacture, that under
the most discouraging legislation, and at great sac-
nfice of capital, has attained to such a degree of
excellence, does not deserve to be sustained by
the Government? With twelve dollars duty per
ton on foreign railroad iron, our manufacturer
will, in a few years, drive their foreign rivals out
of the market, by the superior quality and cheap-
ness of their fabrics.
At the last session, sir, when there was ample
time to consider the subject, and in anticipation
of the present increased embarrassments of the
Government, I asked leave to offer the following
resolution. The requisite vote of two thirds could
not be obtained:
u YVheieas the exi>-tin2 tariff has been found inadequate
to supply the Government with revenue, and has pioved
llseil a bource of emlMi moment to the trade and industry
ol the country : Thciefore,
^Df it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a
b:'i revisingliie present tariff, abolishing toieigti valuation,
and mi Intituling specific duties and home valuation, wlmc
neecssaiy to retain ad valorem dunes ; and so augmenting
the duties on articles coming 111 compotition with domeMic
manufactures and pioducts, as to afloid mcteased piotec-
tion to American mdustiy and labor."
Iam glad to see now that the Administration
itself admits the necessity of the revision of the
tariff, advocated in this resolution—at least for
purposes of revenue. There is, however, an un-
fortunate difference of opinion between the Pres-
ident and the Secretary of the Treasury. The
former urges specific duties wherever practicable,
and. the latter advises adherence id the present
mischievous foreign valuation system. Said that
wise and sagacious statesman, John Bell, in a
speech in the Senate, last session:
The tables of the trade of the country, and other well-
authonticated {act--, >how that ihe fiaud> committed upon
the cu-tom-; revenue, supposing the imports in lutuie tobe
a* large as the\ have been in the last seven yeais. will
amount annually to a sum equal to the pioposed loan,
(sl.3 000.0 '0.) and oven e\-ce«.d tluit amount, if the Senator
ii\un Georgia (WIi ToombO 1% uirbt in ins e«ni'iate. Tin^e
fiaud* have been practiced ovci since the pax-.ssre of the
tanlF of 1^46. and chiefly in consequence ot tin- policj of
lovj m-r the dutre.- uudu (bat not on the foreiyn value ] t
i* estimated, by the honorable Senator from Georgia, that
the custom-house leturris do not show the ie,il amount of
importation?, and that ihe deficiency last y«.ai was nf-t les&
than one hundred million doling Estimating the avetasje
late of duty under the act of 1S57 on the whole amount of
the mipoits at futeen per cent., it will be ^een that a saving
could be made of tl,e amount of the piopn^ed loan in one
yar, bv pio^ uhng a remedy a«am-t frauds in the collection
<<i it. Another view of this Mib|ret Will 4>o\\' re-ulH not
lei-N stniiing. Taking .^"200.000,000 ar, ihe dvi'Mgc a.nmint
of importations for the last ten yeaio—and that is undt r the
ave.rage—and further estimating $"50,060,000 as the differ-
ence between the value of the import* taken from the cus-
tom house accounts, and the actual value annually im-
ported, it wi'l be seen that ,$500,000,000 of foreign goods
have been imported into the country in the last ten years,
beyond what appears m the tables reported by. the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and that in the same period thelrauds
upon the public revenue have been upwards ofseventy-five
million dollars."
These monstrous frauds, it might be supposed,
would have deterred the Secretary from a recom-
mendation of a continuance of a system, which
enables the foreign importer by the device of
double invoices, one for the custom-house, and
another for the vender, to cheat the Government
annually to the amount of $15,000,000. With
a tariff of duties imposed according to foreign
valuation, it is impossible for the head of the
Tieasury Department to make an estimate at all
approximating to accuracy of the revenue for an
incoming year. The rate of duty and the amount
of importations furnish no standard of calcula-
tion, as the foreign importer iias it in his power,
to a great degree, to fix the price of his own goods,-
and to pay such duty as he chooses. By such,
a system the foreign importer himself, for the
most part, determines the r%venue of the coun-
try. it is demoralizing in its tendency, inviting
to perjury in the false swearing necessary to sus-
tain the fraudulent invoices. So degrading is the
effect of the system on mercantile character, that
it is rapidly driving the high-minded, honorable'
American merchant out of the foreign trade, and
delivering it into the hands of unscrupulous for-
eigners. As a natural consequence, it is stated,
that three fourths of the foreign trade of the coun-
try is now in the hands of foreigners, their agents,
or factors. Injurious as is foreign valuation to
the Government, it is equally so to the mdustiy
of the country. The rate of protection is per-
petually fluctuating under foreign valuation, and
when most needed, under the low prices ruling
abroad, it is the Least effective. "When prices are
high in Europe, there is but little danger of an
excessive importation, and such duties then serve
but little purpose m the way of protection.
A committee of the Untish Parliament, in 1852,
instituted a laborious inquiry into the working of
ad valorem duties, and they reported that con-
clusive evidence had been furnished them, both
by meichants and oiiiceis of customs, that these
duties, however good in theory, operate badly m
practice." It was in evidence before them, that
there was an utter impossibility of their ever
woikmg eoriecily, and that they would always
be a subject of an n oyancc and vexation, favoritism,
and bribery; and that they ought to be converted,
as far as at all possible, into specific duties; and ;
m many cases where this could not be done, they j
should he abolished. One of the principal objee- 1
tions to the system, in the opinion of a most com- i
potent and experienced witness, was the difficulty j
of fixing the value of the article imported. The '
facility of committing fraud under aJ valorem du- -
ties is fully manifested m a leport of the Secretary ,
of the Treasury to Congress in 1843. It is there \
shown that frauds and pei juries had been sys- |
tematically perpetrated on the revenue by tins j
means, far a seucs of years, by foreign importers ;
and their agents, in collusion with custom-house j
officers. The frauds detected, however, formed -
but a very small partof th< se actually committed, ,
and which had scaped punishment. One British .
impoiter, John Taylor, jr., with iheaid«ofa cus- ;
toms officcr, of the name of Campbell, in the
course of twenty-one months, committed frauds !
to the amount of ^:200,OOQ. ^ 1
The proposed introduction of ad valorem duties
into the tarilf of 1846, called forth the following ■
earnest remonstrance :o the Senate of the United
States, from all the importing dry-goods mer-
chants of Boston:
" The undersigned, your mcmonahst*, would respectfully
represent that the> are importers of' foreign good-, into the
oiry of JJosbton. and as such they have examined \\ it!) alaim
and consternation, the bill lecenth passed by the House of
Representatives to change, in a gr« at rneusuie, oui r-jr-tem
ot coibxtmy dutie-s on nnpoit*. ir'houl^ the bill leicru'd to
become a law of the laud, we ate fully convinced that we
shall be compelled to abandon our business into the harjds
of un«cnipulou> foiPignei*,, who have little or no icgaid to
our cu«t(tm-hous« oaths Fioni Ions experience, we are
fnllv satisfied that we cannot compete with thi^ class, when
duties are based ineieiy on the ad valorem principle."
The apprehensions and predictions of the re-
monstrants have beon realized, even to a more
disastrous extent than they over conceived it pos-
sible. The Secretary'of the Treasury, in .1818,
William H. Crawford, said: " ' '
"The certainty with which specific duties are colleclea
give them a decided advantage over dattfta fa id upoft the
value of the article, ft is probable that the most important
change which can be made in the system, will i>e the sub-
stitution of Specific for ad valorem duties, upon all articles
susceptible of that change."
The present President of the United States said -
in the Senate in 1842:
" Our ad valorem system has produced great frauds upon -
the revenue, while it has driventhe regular American mer-
chant from the business of importing, and placed it Almost
exclusively in the hands, of the agents of British manufac-
turers. The American importer produces his invoice to
the collector, containing the actual price at which the im-
ports were collected abroad, and he pays the regular and
fair duty upon this invoice. Not so the British agent. The
foreign manufacturer, in his invoice, reduces the price of
the articles which be intends to import into our country, to*
the lowest possible standard winch he thinks will eaaWe
them to pass through the custom-house without being seized
for fraud. And the business has hitherto been managed
with so much ingenuity as to escape detection. The con-
sequence is, that the British agent passes the goods of his
employer through the custom-house, on the payment of a
much lower rate of duty than ihe fair American merchant
if= compelled to pay. In thi^ manner be is undersold in the
maiket by the foreigner, and thus is driven frotn the com-
petition, while the public revenue is fraudulently reduced."
I need discuss this branch of the subject no
further. Our own experience, as well as that of
ail other nations, is against ad valorem duties, both
j. otl the ground of revenue and commercial moral-
ity. That the Secretary of the Treasury should
peisist in adhering to them, at a time when the
revenue falls $30,000,000 short of the expenditure,
and with a knowledge of the fact that they are
concentrating the foicign trade in the hands of
fo^pigners, js as astonishing as his constantly re-
curring mistakes in revenue estimates. If the
tarilf is to be revised, it is to be desired in every
point of view that as many specific duties as pos-
sible should be introduced into it.
That the present tariff must be revised, if for
! no other purpose than for revenue, is, to my mind,
! as clcar as the noonday sun. The expenditures
of the Government, amounting, as they do, to
$80,000,000, require a much "larger icvenue than is
: yielded by the tariff. Ithas been tested sufficiently  
to show its inadequacy to the wants of the Treas-
ury." The receipts of customs for the yearendmg
.Tune last, were $41,789,721, against §03,873,905 in
1856-57. For the current year they cannot rise to
much more than fifty millions. The&overnmentis
now ^64,000,000 in debt. We must either plunge
deeper into debt by borrowing, to meet the accru-
; ing deficiency, or we must raise the duties, and
! increase the income of the Government, so as to
; enable it to meet its current expenses, and pro-
1 vide a surplus fund for the extinction'of the debt.
■ With the reckless piodigahty that distinguishes
the present Administration, it is easy to foresee
I that it will close its career with a debtof'over qne
hundred millions. Instead of proposing schemes
of retrenchment, we have the monstrous project
of raising $30,000,000, to isfe placed at the disposal
of the Picsident, for the purchase of Cuba, who,
for that purpose, is to be invested with the sword
and purse, which the Constitution never contem-
plated taking away from Congress—their legal
depository. We have fallen on evil times, when,
in this early stage of the Republic, we are called
on to divest Congress of its constitutional attri-
butes, and to clothe the President of the United
; States with the absolute powers of a Roman dic-
1 tator.
The gentleman who told us that protection was
I obsolete, also said that it had fallen under the bam
of all the leading scientific writers of the age. He
! is as wide of the mark in the last assertion a??m
J thf first. The chief object of protection is to de-
1 vclop the home trade, and in this ithas the sanc-
] tion of the apostle of free trade, Adam Smith him-
, self. He sayfT
j The greatest and mort important branch of the com-
1 m^ree ot evcrv nation, it has already been observed, i< that
which ii earned on between the inhabitants of the town
' and those of the country. The inhabitants of the town draw
• fiom the country the rude produce which constitutes both
! the materials of their w<nk and the tund of their subaist-
| ence : and they pay for this produce by sending back to the
1 country a certain portion of it manulactured and prepared
j tor immediate use. The trade winch i* earned on between
! thct e two f-ets of people, consists ultimately m a certain
' quantity of rude produce exchanged for a ceitam quantity
1 of manufactured produce. Whatever tends to diminish< in
; any cowtfa'y, the number of arlijltcn and jnanvfaclureys,
I tends to ili'winnh ihe h-jine market, ihe most vmporiont of
nil markets, for ihe iii'te producc of the land, mid thereby
s still jurther to <hscouruge agriculture, Those systems
