764.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
tion; or, on the application of the Legislatures of two thirds
of the sever#! Suies, shall call a convention for proposiug
amendments; winch, m,either cat>e, blidll be valid to all in-
tents* and pmpos>es pait of thi^ Constitution, when lati-
ficd by the Legislatures ot three fourths of the several
States, 01 by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the
one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by
the Congress."
The framers of this great instrument did not
anticipate, "whilst multiplying checks, and dis-
tributing power into several departments with a
view to guard against centralization, that from an
unseen source a monster would so soon spring
forth to grasp all the departments, and wield un-
divided power to the destruction of liberty; that
legislative executive, and judicial functions would,
by a combination of States, be absorbed by one sec-
tion, and directed with one will. But, guided by a
wisdom beyond tlieirabilities, and in the exercise
of a prudence beyond their forecast, our fathers
inserted the clause above quoted, leaving to their
descendants the duty to watch the encroachments
of tyranny, and, by timely amendment of then-
work, to provide other safeguards when needed
for the preservation of the great pnnciples which
this Confederacy of States was made to protect
and perpetuate. The Constitution was ordanx d
by tile sovereign parties to the compact as a safe
rule of action for majorities in exeicismg the pow-
ers of Government, not to infringe the rights of
minorities or individuals, it does not require the
unanimous voice of the people in the passage of
a law which would be tin; perfection of govern-
ment, but approximates to universal consent, in
the system which it adopts requiring concurring
majorities
Experience has taught us that we must approx-
imate nearer still the geneiai consent, in legislat-
ing for Mm country, by interposing oilur checks
to the power of simple ninj'ulues, oi tSir< rights
of the nunonty will be endangered The con-
current majoiny of (lie Stales, and of the people
of the States, as expressed in the choice of (lie
President, possesses now the nghl inlhe exercise
of the Executive veto, to demand for the passage
ot a law tne concurrent majority (if two I birds
ol the members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. Now, i hiheve, if a veto power
was by an amendment of the Constitution given
to each sovereign State when in a legal conven-
tion o} its people, applicable to all Fedeinl acts,
judgt d by the State to be injurious to its rights,
and all faws thus vetoed to be null until lesioied
by she. concurrent majority of two ihirds of the
Federal Legislature, a sufficient guarantee would
be ndoided to insure the minority against usurp-
ation, and would sttil preserve in the majority
legislative power equal to all the necessary wants
oi' a just Govei nment.
This negative power in the possession of each
State would not only impart feelings of gr eater
secunty, but would, by pieventmg partial and
unwholesome l( gisl.nion, keep the (jeiieuil Gov-
eminent in the patn of nghtand pistice, and instill j
a love for the Government and intensify a patrt- j
otism which would make our system at once in- i
destructible and invincible. Nor need we appie- 1
bend that this power would ever be pervrited j
from its true intention, and employed on trivial !
occasions, for m its exercise the dignity of the i
State would be involved; besides the expense and |
solemnity of the convocation of the sovereign j
people would confine us use only to the most
urgent and important objects. There is not the
slightest danger that the General Government
would be brought to a dead lock, as some sup-
pose, and cease its legislative functions. Our com-
mon necessities and the general welfare would
force the passage of ail laws promotive of the in-
terests of all sections, and such other measures as 1
might be beneficial to parlicular^parts, without j
detumrntto the remainder, if woultfcertainly !
prohibit all special and partial legislation, and for i
this reason ought to commend itself to evei v pust 1
mmd. We should not perish for the nee d of hi ws. !
Let no man fear that. Under the present system !
we are surfeited near unto death with the abund-
ance of statutes. Our State governments would :
be found equal to all our necessities in this regard, \
for the preservation of essential rights, and the !
promotion of industrial prosperity. And even 1
should every act of the General Government be .
met by a veto, jwo thirds of each body would
never fail lo agree upon such measures of genual ;
utility a<s the legitimate operations of the Govern- i
ment might demand. But^in a very large major-
ity of all the acis passed, there would be no veto.
The great dtfficulty and expense m the exercise
of this conservative power, would certainly con-
fine it to great and grave questions; which would
seldom arise, when the Government agents weie
cognizant of the fact that there was? a power over
them to review their acts and bring their measures
to the scrutinizing test of a concurrent two-thirds
majority. But how shall this reform be effected?
Is it practicable? This question I propose to an-
swer. There are two ways pointed our, in the
clause of the Constitution citcd, by which this
amendment may be made.
1. Congress, by a two-thirds vote, may propose
amendments for the ratification of the States, three
fourths of which have the power to adopt.
2. The application of two thirds of the States,
through their Legislatures, can compel Congress
to call a convention to propose amendments, which
will be adopted upon the ratification of three
fourths of the State Legislatures or conventions.
The first plan I believe impracticable;,and hence
have made no move in pursuance of it. in the
second way stated, Mj^ievc the amendment which
I have suggested to oe feasible.
The absolute necessity for such an amendment,
or some similai provision, makes it in my judg-
ment, practicable. There is no use in disguising
the fact, for every reflecting mmd know**, that wo
have either to amend our Government, submit to
oppression, oi prepare ourselves for the calamity
of dissolution. For one, I feel, and must believe,
i that the ievolutionary blood which animated our
[fathers in-the great conflict ol' 1776, courses too
| freely and warmly in' their children's veins to
| submit to oppression. Our love of country—a
jchenshed inheritance, putclmsed by the joint
i struggles, and bequeathed by a kmdivd ancestry
I whose precious blood eonimtngled m the sacrifice
1 of their lives for its attainment—calls aloud unto
their sons to preserve it, and make us all desire
| to cherish its integrity, and hand 14 down, with
! und 1 minished ghn y, to our children's children—
j to the latest generation. This inevitable resist-
1 ance to opptession on the one hand, arid, on the
1 other, this universal love for the stars and stripes
| as they float upon land nnd sea, proud emblems
1 of liberty, point unemngly to that amendment of
j our system which will avoid tiro first alternative,
,1 and si cure the blessings of the other to us and
j our children.
| Let then, the States of the.minority section, in
,| the true spirit of patriotism, set forth their griev-
! anees with earnestness; and with the gravity due
p to the nnpoiuiuce of the subject, call upon the
majority section to consider of an amendment of
|j I he Constitution, so as to effectually guard them
j, against oppression: and without harshness, as a
| mailer ol Stare policy and safeiy, demand addi-
! tion.i! gu.uaiUees; nnd wnh fis unless make such
amendment a condition of longer coniinvancc in the
; Union. And who will asseit that such a fnopo-
j situm will not be met by the great conservative
i portion of the North in the soirit of kindness?
j There is nothing sectional 111 the amendment pro-
! posed. It only depresses the Federal power, and
i elevates the State, without regard to locality, it
1 magnifies the municipal, but at the same time
strengthens the federative organization. Unless
our people are mad, and bent 00 self-destruction,
: they wtl! hesitate long, and consider well, before
I they reject a plan of settlement, which, while it
I can injure no interest, is so full of peace and piom-
! lse to our country.
: The am' great object of our Constitution was to
■ divide and distribute the powers of" Government
' in such manner as to prevent centralization, which
ever has been and ever will prove despotic, be the i
form of government whatever it may. In des- j
, pite of all our safeguards, tins centralization has :
! taken place, in the combination of Slahs before al- !
, luded to; and now we shall feel its tyrannical j
hand, with its bitter fruits of oppression and rev- [
| olution, unless, m the spirit of the fathers who j
made rhe compact, nnd with the wisdom which \
| then guided them, we shall, by timely amend- I
I ment and a futther distribution of j^ower, restore
j the lost equilibrium, compose the disturbing ele-
ments, and Ining back the Government to its true
principles. Let this be done; let each State be
accorded the. political power of self-protection;
' and minorities, however small and weak, be made
I tu feel secure irr their rights, and all scctional jeal-
j ousies and strifes would cease; because no section
| however large, would have the power, without
j the consent of the minority, to pass a law inju-
j rious to its interests. The growing power at the
! North would" no longer awaken fears in the South
j that it would be used for the destruction of south-
| ern property; nor would the expansion of the
I South be any longer used by northern dema-
gogues to frighten the unsophisticated masses into
the belief that we designed establishing slavery in
all the States. All sectional questions would be
banished from the Halls of Congress, and each
and every part of this great country would be
left free to pursue its own policy, enjoy the re-
wards of its own vntues, and be subject to the
penalties of its own sine.
Under the present system, with all the depart-
ments of Government, in the power, and nearly in
the hands of one section, with well-giounded ap-
prehension on the part of the other that the Gov-
ernment will be peiverted and used to Us injury,
we are not only retarded in the development of
our internal resources, but will soon become, in
i consequence of these unnatural antagonisms, the
' prey to foreign intrigue and ambition. Out coun-
try must expand; the Anglo-Saxon race, with its
intelligence, thrift,and moral virtues, will go tothe
fertile lands and misgoverned States south of us.
; By contiguity and natural necessity, these neigh-
| boring provinces belong to our civilization, and
; will embrace our ideas'of representative nnd re-
j publican government. Sir, no foolish stipulations
j with foreign Governments, binding us down to
\ pi ascribed limits, can repress our energies, or pre-
; vent our expansion. We will preserve the na-
, ttonal faith;but, whilst scrupulously observing our
engagements, we will see well to it that no more
! manacles, such as the Clayton-Buiwer blunder
; imposes, shall be put upon our limbs. Thatfruit-
; ful soutce of our present entanglements in Con-
] tral American affairs, must be removed; steps
! should be immediately taken to abrogate that
abominable treaty. I am gind, that by a joint res-
j olution before Congi ess, the attention of the coun-
j try has been called to it, and I trust that the voice
1 of condemnation will be full and emphatic.
Sir, the hearts of our people responded to the
, Monroe doettine when first announced, and will
j continue to demand a policy which prohibits Eu-
j ropcan interference with the affairs of this conti-
1 nont. Our duty and our destiny require us to
| keep free from foreign complications, and to reg-
; ulate and adjust our balances in accordance witli
i American ideas and institutions. All eyes are
j now turned, with intense curiosity, to the Gulf of
; Mexico and the Caribbean sea. The boarding of
; our vessels, and the vigilant police exerted in in-
' terceptmg our emigrants to those States, invests
1 the whole subject with peculiar importance to the
j South. Nor is the apparent good understanding
! between our own and the Bntish Government,
! and the harmonious cooperation observed in the
| rigid execution of our neutrality laws, at all cal-
■ cuUted to allay suspicions, and quiet sectional
jealousies. 1 must confess, that I regard the pend-
ing negotiations in Central America with great
distrust; and have no faith tnat Amencari inter-
ests will be promoted by the mission of Sir Wii-
ham GoreOuseley. We shall never become, with
my consent, a paify to any settlement winch Al-
lows the slightest interfen nee, on the part of for-
eign Governments, with the States south of us;
and he mistakes the character of our people who
supposes that, under any circumstances, they will
quietly abide such a result. We intend to hold
this, and all succeeding Admimstiations, to a
strict observance of these conditions, be fhe con-
sequences what they may Notwithstanding our
sectional bickerings, I trust that homogeneous-
noss in national interests will be sufficient to
make the Monroe doctrine ihe positive policy of
our country for all tune to court-.
But, sir, all our scctional difficulties would be
harmless, and all obstacles to our expansion, north-
ward and southward, would be removed, were our
system of government so amended that in no con-
tingency could the Federal power be controlled
by simple majorities, and perverted to the detri-
mentof the minority. Were the great laws of true
Republicanism allowed to have free scopc—which
protect each community in the enjoyment of its
own rights—and which leave cach local govern-
ment undisturbed to judge and adopt its own line
of policy, with no restraints or encouragements,
