1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
35th Cong....2b Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
the illegal violence of the very men who complain
of the irregularities, they should not be heard;
that the only point for us was whether there was
a majority of the members of the Legislature to
elect these Senators. We found, that of the whole
body of the Legislature, a large majority were
Democrats, and had elected these Senators, not
regularly, not formally, not legally, if you choose;
but the irregularity, the illegality, the informality
created by the very party that complained of it;
and we said we would not listen to them; and in
saying that we said what is said in every court of
justice under the canopy of heaven, when parties
complain of irregularities and illegalities of which
they themselves were the cause. I would go no
further at the time. It was enough for me that
the Democratic majority had the right to elect
Senators, and would have elected them regularly,
if not prevented by illegal violence—illegal vio-
lence that began at the very opening of the ses-
sion, and that was continued down to the end—
people going into the Senate of the State with
bowie-knives, at the head of armed ruffians, and
then coming here to the Senate of the United
States, and complaining that the election was not
conducted regularly, forsooth; was not conducted
according to the forms which they themselves had
so atrociously violated! I said, at the time, that
I was unwilling to listen to them.
Is it not a principle as old as the hills, that,
wherever there is a body of electors entitled to
elect, and you have got at their will, and ascer-
tained that a clear majority of the electoral col-
lege, whatever that college maybe, voted for one
party, the election cannot be set aside upon the
mere ground of informalities? Is not that the
daily decision in the other House?
Now, sir, what occurred in the case of the Sen-
ator from Iowa? In that case there was no at-
tempt at violence, there was no attempt at irreg-
ularity, no attempt to obstruct the action of the
Legislatuie; but simply a declining, on the part
of the Senate of that State, to go into joint bal-
lot. There was nobody to force them, nobody
could force them, and they never went, in my
judgment. That was my opinion about it. In
the case of the Indiana election, under the con-
stitution of the State, both Houses did meet—did
meet, it is said, for a particular purpose. I ad-
mit it, but still they did meet in joint convention;
they were all there; it was proven to us by the
testimony taken that they hud a light of adjourn-
ment coeval with the history of the State. They
did adjourn over; they did meet at a future time;
they did meet as a majority of both bodies of the
Legislature: and that convention thus adjourned,
and thus meeting again, elected Senators by a ma-
jority of the whole number of both branches of
the Legislature.
Our decision upon this subject may have been
right, or may have been wrong. I am merely
stating what it was, in order thai the .-statements
winch have been made to-day may be met by a
counter-statement. 1 say, I care not now whether
our decision, in relation to the legularity of that
election, was right or was wrong; the point was
brought up to us here to be decided, and we de-
cided it; find now we are asked to go back upon
our decision, upon the flimsiest of all possible
pretexts.
Mr. President, I venture to say, that if the ques-
tion now presented to this body were submitted
to every lespectable lawyer of Republican pnn-
ciples in the United States, not engaged in party
politics: merely having the principles of the Re-
publican party, hut not engaged m active parti-
sanship; you would not find one in a hundred
that would not say the Senate could not go back
upon Its decision. That is my opinion. 1 may
be wrong about it; I may give them credit for
more candor than they deserve; but that js my de-
liberate opinion. 1 do not suppose you could go
through this country, and find a lawyer any-
where, with no pieconceivcd notions on the sub-
ject, no^dotermination to carry out his partisan
views at any risk or any sacrifice of seif-iespect,
who would not say, when a legislative body lias
decided upon the election of its members, that is
•final; and no future body can decide again upon
the election of the same members. The Senate of
the United States, a Senate—is not this one, be-
cause this hasother members in it?—a Senate hav-
ing the right to determine whether or not the pre-
sent sitting members from Indiana were entitled
to their seats, determined that they were so en-
titled. Suppose we reverse that decision. Shall
we come here next December, with a change
again of the members of this body, turnout the
new members, and put in Messrs. Bright and
Fitch again; and so the next year following turn
them out, and have an alternate chassez-croisez
here of Senators from Indiana, according to the
shifting majorities of the body? Is it not ridic-
ulous on the statement of it?
Gentlemen here make an argument that will do
well to go out to people who are not in the habit
of investigating these questions, and who will be
led away by it. When some good and honest
Republican farmer reads in the Globe that the
Senator from Maine, whose reputation as a law-
yer is so well established in the country, or the
Senator from Vermont, has said so and so, he
will read it to his neighbors around his farm-
house fire at night, and say to them: " Look what
horrible creatures these southern slave driving
Democrats are; see what our Senator has said;
that must be so; do you not know he is a good
lawyer?" That is the system. That is the Sys-
tem on which the Senator from New York prac-
tices so largely. He gave us here an exemplifi-
cation of a power of acting which almost made
me believe, for a moment, that he had mistaken
his vocation. I never saw so astounding an ex-
hibition in my life. I looked up in surprise, and
could not believe it was the usually quiet, sedate,
and tranquil Senator from New York, that was
bursting out here with a new vein of Orlando
Furioso, actually proposing to go back, with an
expunging resolution, upon a simple vote of the
Senate at the last session, as to whether or not
certain of its members had been elected.
The Senator from Ohio has brought attention
to a fact which cannot but strike the countiy;
cannot but strike the mind of every impartial man
that will view it. That is this: that in every ques-
tion of contested election that has vet come before
this body, since he and I have been members,
the entire Republican party has voted as a body
without a solitary exception, and there have been
constant dissonances of opinion among the Dem-
ocrats. When the Senator from Iowa had his
seat contested, numbers of Democrats voted that
he should retain his seat, thinking him properly
elected. The whole body of Republican Senators
voted for him. Not one of them doubted. When
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Oamerov]
took his seat, a contest was raised m relation to
his election, and I reported, as a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, that he had been
properly elected.
Mr. FOOT. In the case of Judge Phelps, Re-
publicans voted against him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I spoke of castas since I
had been in the Senate. The Republican party
had not been formed then; you were not born
when the case of Judge Phelps came here. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. We have had but two
cases since.
Mr. BENJAMIN. You had the case of the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] for whom you
voted in a body; not one of you doubted Demo-
crats examined the case, and men weio found m
the Democratic party of different opinions, and
each voted according to his opinion. Nex? came
the case of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] and there, again, not a Republican doubt-
ed: not onp. There never were men who^e con-
scicnces were so easily satisfied, and whose minds
were so easily convinced, when, according to the
statement of the Senator from New Hampshire, it
was their cow that had been gored by the adver-
sary's bull. Then come to the case of the Senator
ft oui Pennsylvania, and die Democratic party
voted for Inm; some doubted No Republican
doubted. Now, finally, came up the case of the
Senators fiom Indiana, and some of the Demo-
cratic party voted against them; but the majority
voted for tnetn. Nota Republican Senator doubt-
ed. To-day, though that case was settled by the
last Senate; though the decision lias gone into the
records of the counuy; though the Indiana Sena-
tois have been Sitting hei" and occupying their
seats as Senators in behalf of their State for over i
two years, we are asked to disturb that settled de-
cision ; and when we say " No; the thing is set-
tled," not a solitary Republican doubts our right
to break it up, and go ahead again.'
Now, Mr. President, Jet these facts be spread
before the country, and it will very soon be seen
which side of the two is governed by partisan
motives, and which of the two gives votes accord-
ing to its deliberate opinion of the merits of the
case. I am sorry to have spoken so as to pro-
voke, as I know 1 shall, an answer, but I could not
sit silent any longer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very much in the
condition the Senator from Louisiana was in when
he rose; that is to say, I cannot sit still, after hear-
i ng the peculiar kind of argument which he has seen
fit to address to the Senate. The Senator from Lou-
isiana is a lawyer, and he is a very distinguished
lawyer. We have all had occasion to know that
he certainly is not deficient in that quality of an
able lawyer which distinguishes one who can, if
he chooses, " make the worse appear the better
reason." Nobody has greater facility in that line
than the Senator from Louisiana.
Now, sir, what is his argument as a matter of
fact upon this question, and as a matter of law,
too? The argument of that Senator is, that in
the Senate of Indiana, on the morning of the day
when that Senate met, a disturbance took place;
and that disturbance was occasioned by Republi-
cans, and was unjustifiable. Grant it. What in-
ference does he draw from it? Therefore, al-
though the Senate had, in the mean time, b*en
legally organized, and there had been no further
difficulty; every member had been sworn in by
the Democratic Lieutenant Governor; a month
had elapsed with no difficulty; because that dis-
turbance took place on the morning of the first
day, the Legislature of Indiana was justified in
holding an illegal election; and the Senate of the
United States, and the Senator from Louisiana in
particular, is justified in indorsing it!
Is that a position to be assumed by a gentleman
so distinguished for his legal attainments as my
honorable friend from Louisiana? Is it the kind
of moral logic that he would apply to any other
case? Because I have done wrong to-day, does
that justify him in doing wrong a month after-
wards? Because I disregard my duties to my
country to-day, does that justify him in treason
a month afterwards? Not that I call this treason,
but that the argument may as well be put strongly.
That is the whole argument of my distinguished
friend as addressed to the country. The Repub-
licans attempted a wrong and failed; ergo> the
Democrats are justified in doing a wrong, and the
Senate of the United States are justified in aban-
doning the principles which they had before as-
serted, and in sustaining that wrong; and, there-
fore, the Senator from Louisiana, who in the case
of the Iowa election maintained one doctrine, is
justified in abandong in that doctrine in the case
of the Senators from Indiana; for that is what I
put to him.
I hold to no such political morality as that, and
I hold to no such moral logic as that. I do not
suppose that I, as an individual, am justified in
abandoning ray duty at one time, bccause some-
body else abandoned or disregarded his atanother.
I do not suppose that, as a Senator of the United
States, I am justified in disregarding a constitu-
tional provision because a wrong was attempted
by my adversary on another occasion. 1 hold to
no such doctiine;and yet that is now gravely put
forth to the country, as an excuse for the position
which the Democrats in this body took hist year,
leversing or disregarding their own decision, and
setting at defiance what they had before held to
be the law, as applicable to the case of senatorial
elections. The Senator cannot gravely contend
for it, nor would he, were he not strongly influ-
enced by what he thinks we Republicans have a
great deal of a desire to put forth, a plausible ex-
cuse to the country for the action of the majority
ef this body. I mustsay, with all respect to him,
it is haidly plausible.
There is another point. I shall pass over what
he said about the matter of rts adjudicate. When ho
asserts that there is no lespeetable lawyer, hardly,
of the Republican party, not engaged m active po-
litical life, who would not say that this is a question
settled, and not to be determined otherwise, I can
