144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th 0ong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
only say that I hare talked with many highly re-
spectable lawyers of the Democratic party in my
section of the country, and I have never met the
first man who did not say that the decision of the
Senate in the case of the Indiana Senators was
an outrage upon the Constitution of the United
States; and I have heard men speak of it, not of
so great eminence, but of as much ability as even
my honorable friends but it is of no consequence
what they say.
One thing more. "We are taunted by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and he is followed by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, with having voted in solid
column on three separate occasions. What were
they.' The first one was the case of the Senator
from Illinois, where a Democratic majority of the
Committee on the Judiciary reported to this Sen-
ate that he was elected legally and properly. Is
it very strange that we should have adopted the
decision of the Democratic majority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and especially when we
found a large majority even of the Democracy here
voting with us upon that question ? I wish to put
it to the honorable Senator, whether, if we find
one Democrat whose conscience fails him when
he comes to a question of that sort as to a Re-
publican Senator, that, in itself, is not justification
to us, and does not prove that weave right? Take
the case of the Indiana Senators. Did not we
have Democratic votes with us upon that ques-
tion ? There stands the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] He repudiated the cor-
rectness of that election, and other Senators with
him, more or less, I do not know how many.
How was it in the case of the Senator from Iowa ?
Did we not have votes from the Democratic side
of the Chamber in favor of the legality of his
election >
Well, air, i3 it strange that wo stood together,
when we found our adversaries voting with us—
voting to sustain Republicans ? God knows there
is little enough favor shown to us who are called
Black Republicans, on this floor by gentlemen.
They would very gladly get rid of us, undoubt-
edly, if they could consistently with law and with
their views of what is due to themselves and to
the Senate and to the country and to the Con-
stitution of the United States. Wo get nothing
here from affection. If we find that a part of the
Democracy are disposed to sustain oar men when
they come here, on the legality of their elections,
1 think the country, from what has passed, will
be very well satisfied that it is a ease where a
Republican could conscientiously vote that his
brother and friend was entitled to a seat. Sir, it
is hardly fair, I think, when your consciences
fail you—no; I will not use that word; it is of-
fensive—but when your judgments fail you with
reference to the elections of Republicans, and you
are obliged to sustain them, it is too much to
charge us with a want of fairness when we go
wilh you upon that subject, even although the
majority of you may be against us. I think the
answer is conclusive. Il will be at any rale to
those in my section of the country who are accus-
tomed to consider the action of llie majority here,
with reference to those questions, with pretty
much the same eyes that 1 look upon them.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, itis not my
intention to assail any Senator for any vote he
has heretofore given in this case, or in any other;
much less, to defend any vote that 1 have ever
given. The record will speak for us all on these
subjects. I have one or two words of reply oil
another point to the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana.
I am not proposing to submit the review of this
question to lawyeis of the Republican party or
any other. We have had too much of the law-
yers meddling with it already. I have no confi-
dence in lawyers as legislators. When it comes
to a question that the lawyers are to review our
legislation and pronounce upon our adherence to
the Constitution, I know on which side the law-
yers will always be found; and that is on the side
of power, concentrated powi r against the people.
I proponu to .submit this question, therefore, to
the people of Indiana and to the people of the Uni-
ted Stales. They are competent to make consti-
tutions, and they are competent to review, and
by our system they always do review, all our
legislation.
The Senator seems to think it strange that I
should propose to rescind and expunge this reso-
lution. How else could I so properly answer and
expose the absurdity of the principle contended
for here, and which is interposed as a barrier in
our way, that this is res adjudicata.' I take one
of several distinguished precedents in which the
Senate of the United States has receded, rescind-
ed, reversed, and even expunged, a decree to
which its pride and its ambition and its love of
power were committed.
The Senator from Louisiana has seen fit to in-
troduce partisan allusions in regard to this sub-
ject—a line of argument from which I have cau-
tiously abstained; but since he has done so, I must
take leave to say that it is of the very nature of
the Senate, as a legislative body, as it is of all
legislative bodies, that they decide questions of
relative power between parties generally by par-
tisan votes; and that the decree of this Senate,
which is supposed to he infallible here, because it
is final, is nothing more than the decree of an ac-
cidental majority of Democratic members over-
ruling the accidental minority for the day of Re-
publican members. I wish human nature were
so that legislative bodies could be above passion
and prejudice; but it is not so. They always have
been subject to such feelings; and it is because
they are liable to be influenced by passion and
prejudice, that I claim that their decisions and all
their actions are necessarily open to review to-day,
henceforth, and forever. It is no reproach against
the Senate of the United States that it decides even
these questions according to party; for I have seen
a great constitutional question carried before the
Supreme Court of the united States, and the divis-
ion in the judgmentnmde cxactly according to par-
tisan lines. If that high tribunal, removed by all
the surroundings of their high position, and by
all the confidence and all the hopes of a great and
glorious country, must divide by party lines upon
party questions, who shall say that the Senate of
the United States must not be expected to divide
sometimes in the same way ? Nor 1ms God sent
upon earth men who could constitute any tribunal
to administer justice upon any question whatever,
where partisan or sectarian eonlroveisies inter-
vened, that the same sad infirmity did not betray
itself in their conduct. It is now some ten or
twelve years since the Episcopal Church of the
United States constituted a court for the trial of a
bishop for offenses, and after a long trial and ac-
cumulated testimony, and elaborate arguments,
that ecclesiastical court, that tribunal which
prayed night and morning for the direction of
Almighty God, whose servants and ministers they
especially were, in their conduct, arrived at a
conclusion, and just exactly that number of bish-
ops of the court who sympathized with the theo-
logical opinions of the accused, pronounced him
innocent, and all the others pronounced him
guilty.
Now, Mr. President, there is nothing extraor-
dinary in the principles I have laid down here;
and there is nothing unprecedented in the conduct
that I have adopted in relation to them. I hold
that the foundations of this Government he under
the walls of the Senate Chamber. Thestonesof
those foundations are the rights of the States. I
hold that this decree annihilates those rights as
to representation here; and that when you have
declared that you can admit Senators against the
protests of the States, and refuse to review them,
you have established a precedent by which you
can constitute the Senate, by successive appoint-
ments, a close corporation; and when it becomes
& close coiporation it ceases to be the Senate of
the United States and the bulwark of liberty.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I shall oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate for hut a few
moments in relation to the history recited by the
Senator from Louisiana. 1 think he errs greatly
in supposing that the Democratic party, as a party,
has ever condemned the doctrine that one branch
of a State Legislature has the right to defeat the
election of Senators to the Senate of the United
States. At least, the Democracy of Indiana have
never taken such a position. At the session next
preceding the one of which the Senator from
Louisiana complains, the Democratic majority in
the Senate refused to unite with the Republican
majority of the House to elect a United States
Senator, and thus defeated the election for two
years, leaving the State with but one represent-
ative on this floor.
There is another case from that State, which I
must be indulged in reciting. The senior Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Bright] was, a few years
since, at the legislative session of 1844-45, Pres-
ident of the Senate of Indiana, being at the time
Lieutenant Governor. The Whigs had a major-
ity in the House of Representatives; and in the
Senate the Whigs and Democrats were equally
divided. On a motion made in the Senate to unite
with the House of Representatives for the elec-
tion of a United States Senator, the members
were equally divided—the Whigs voting for the
jointconvention and the Democratsagainstit. The
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
as Presiding Officer, gave a casting vote in the neg-
ative, and defeated the election. The election of
Senator went over until after the election of a new
Legislature; which, having a majority of Demo-
crats in both branches, held an election. The
honorable Senator, then Lieutenant Governor,
was the successful candidate,and thus reaped the
fruits of the very rebellion denounced by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me a word ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. However I may disapprove,
I did not reprobate the conduct of any gentle-
man who, in a State Legislature, chooses to vote
against going into an election. The conduct I
was animadverting upon was the attempt to over-
awe the Senate of the State of Indiana by armed
force.
Mr. HARLAN. In that I would agree most
heartily with the Senator from Louisiana, and
would have agreed with him had he made the
statement much broader. As an original prop-
osition, m ray judgment, the members of one
branch of a Legislature, being in an accidental
political majority, ought not, by a factious oppo-
sition, to defeat the election of Senators to the
Senate of the United States by the majority of
the members of the two branches; but I am now
merely reminding Senators of the history of the
Democratic party on this subject, for the purpose
of showing how far this implied denunciation of
the Republicans in Indiana, by Democratic Sena-
tors here, is just. When I first became a mem-
ber of the Senate of the United States, there was
but one Senator herefrom the State of Missouri.
One seat was vacant. When the vacancy occurred,
the two branches of the Legislature of that State,
in consequence of a political difference, were un-
able to agree to elect a Senator. There was but
one Senator on this floor at that time from the
State of Pennsylvania from a similar cause; but
one from the State of California, from a similar
cause; and 1 am reminded that there was but one
on this floor from Indiana; but to that case I have
previously alluded.
Mr. GREEN. Let me correct the Senator.
In the case of Missouri there was no disagree-
ment between the two Houses; but after they
went into a joint convention they could not give
a majority of votes for any one.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so as to the
case; but as 1 understood the case at the time, the
failure to elect was in consequence of political
differences of opinion between the members of
the Missouri Legislature. They were unable to
perform u constitutional duty because they could
not agree politically. But, sir, 1 have another case
in point. The State of Iowa, after having been
admitted into the Union as one of the members of
the Confederacy, was unrepresented on this floor
for two years; and that, too, in consequence of a
refusal on the part of a Democratic Senate to unite
with a Whig House in the election of Senators.
At the first session of the first Legislature of the
State, the Senate and House met in joint conven-
tion to elect two United States Senators. Dn the
first ballot it became manifest that the*7Vhigs
would be able, probably on the next vote, to elect
their nominee, Mr. Jonathan McCarty, who op-
posed Augustus C. Dodge, my immediate prede-
cessor. The Senate arose in a body and was on
the point of leaving the Chamber; but some one
making a motion to adjourn, the joint convention
was dissolved, and the Democratic Senate re-
