1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE-CONGRESSIONAL GL£>RE.
145
35th Cgng....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
turned to its Chamber, and thenceforward per-
sistently declined to unite with the House. Two
years afterwards, both branches of the Legisla-
ture being Democratic, my predecessor and also
my colleague [Mr. Jones] were elected.
I cite these cases, and I might mention others,
for the purpose of showing that the Democratic
party initiated the policy of defeating the election
of United States Senators when their opponents
were a majority of all the members of a State
Legislature, but in a minority in either the Senate
or the House; and they have been uniformly sus-
tained, I believe, by the party. At least, the right
of a Democratic Senate, or a Democratic House,
to defeat the election of United States Senators by
their opponents, when in a majority, if in joint
convention, has been uniformly defended by their
leaders on the stum]j, in legislative halls, and,
generally, even on this floor. They have never
repudiated a member of their party on that ac-
count. The Senator from Indiana is an illustrious
example of success gained by initiating and pur-
suing this policy; for I think the very first case
that ever occurred was initiated by the senior
Senator from Indiana. I am not willing that those
with whom I act politically shall be denounced
for having, in one or two cases, followed the pre-
cedents set for them by their political opponents.
It seems to me, at least, that it is unfair for Dem-
ocrats to arraign Republicans for doing the very
thing which they, by their official acts, say is
right, and which some of them defend on con-
stitutional grounds. They say that the power to
elect Senators is vested in the Legislature'of a
State; that where the Legislature is composed of
two branches, the responsibility equally belongs
to each branch; and if they choose to be unrep-
resented in the Senate of the United States, they
have a right to refuse to elect Senators. But
whether this be defensible or not, it seems to me
to be unfair for Democratic Senators to arraign
their opponents on this ground, as having acted
improperly, as a reason for maintaining the former
decision of the Senate of the United States. If
that decision can be defended, let it stand on its
own merits, and not on the supposed wrongful
act of others.
Now, $ir, what is the question presented to the
Senate ? The Legislature of Indiana, after having
examined her own record, ascertains, as she al-
leges, that she is unrepresented on this floor by
members elected by her votes as " a Legislature.
There may be gentlemen here claiming to repre-
sent Indiana, elected by individual members of
the Legislature; but planting themselves upon the
very ground laid down by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Louisiana in the case from Iowa, the
Indiana Legislature maintains that that was not
the act of " the Legislature." I doubt not the
honorable Senator will remember the point pre-
sented so pertinently, as I thought at the time, by
him, by.antithesis' in my case. Fie read from the
constitution of the State of Iowa the provision de-
claring that the legislative power of the State
should be vested in a Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives; and then from the Constitution of
the United States, the provision that the Senate
of the United States shall be composed of Sena-
tors chosen in each State, " by the Legislature
thereof," thereby demonstrating, from the text of
the two constitutions, that the election of Sena-
tors to the Senate of the United States was, in his
opinion, the act of " a Legislature," if not a" le-
gislative act." He argued, then, that no election
to the Senate of the United States could be valid
not made by a Legislature; and that where com-
posed of two branches it required the distinct act
of each branch of that Legislature. He united
and read as one paragraph the provisions of the
constitution of Iowa and the Constitution of the
United States:
" The legislative authority of this State shall be vested in
a Senate and House of Representatives, which shall be lies-
ignated the General Assembly of the State of Iowa. The
business of tins legislative authority is lo pass laws, and to
elect a ttuted States Senator. A majority of each House
shall cofflffrtute a quorum to do business."
And then argued:
" Now, sir, if it be in part the business of the Legislature
of Iowa, to elect u Senator to the Congress of the United
States, then it cannot elect that Senator underthe terms of
the constitution of the State, unless there be present a quo-
rum of the two Houses. In tiie case at bar, it is admitted ,
New Series—No. 10.
on all hands that there was no quorum of the two Houses.
The Constitution provides explicitly that the Senator shall
fye elected by the Legislature. The constitution of Iowa
provides that the legislative power of tftat State shall be
vested in a Senate and House of Representatives. The
Legislature of every State has the power of determining the
time and place and manner of electing Senators; hut, m so
determining, it appear to me they mast do 60 in subordina-
tion to the express direction of the Constitution of tfye Uni-
ted States. They eannot determine that the election shall
be held at §uch time and, in such man ner as that it shall not
be held by tbe Legislature." * * * * "When
that convention fails to be a convention of the Senate and
House of Representatives, it no longer has the legislative
power of the State of Iowa, and is therefore notsucii a body
as, under the terms of the Constitution of the United States,
can elect a Senator."
In the case from Iowa, which is in some re-
spects similar to this case, it was maintained by
the now chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, [Mr. Bayard,] that the Senate of Iowa, as
a Senate in its organized capacity, had never
agreed to the decision of the joint convention; that
it had agreed to form a joint convention; had met
with the House of Representatives repeatedly,
and voted; but that, when the election took place,'
the Senate was not present as an organized Sen-
ate, and hence couid not agree to the act of that
joint convention. He said:
" On this state of facts, the question which I suppose to
arise is, whether{the Legislature' of a State, under the
language of the Federal Constitution delegating to the Le-
gislature the light to elect Senators of the United States, is
to bp taken fo mean the individual members of the legisla-
ture, or the body or bodies of which the Legislature is com-
posed. I suppose the term, as used, means the bodies of
which the Legislature is composed." * * * *
"They must both be present and act in the matter, or there
can be no validity in the act done."
Other Senators, learned in the law, were as ex-
plicit. Mr. Touccy, then a Senator on this floor,
said:
" The question involved in this discussion is simply this:
Was the Senate of Iowa present in the Hall of the House
of Representatives when tins alleged election took place
Mr. Douglas said:
" Now, let me ask, how was the Senator from Iowa
elected—by a Legislature composed of two branches, with
a majority of cach present, constituting a quorum ? If not,
he was not elected fyy the Legislature of the State of Iowa.
There could be no Legislature without the presence of a
quorum of each branch."
Mr. Geyer, then aSenatorfrom Missouri, said:
" It is a convention of the two Houses, and not aconven-
tion of the members of two Houses. They meet together,
and when they vote together both Houses are present, giv-
ing their sanction to the act. The Legislature of the State,
therefore, makes the appointment, being represented by all
the branches of the Legislature."
This was the controlling point in the Iowa case.
There was no other defect. The Senate of Iowa
was not present as a Senate. Nor was this con-
troverted by the Republican members of this body.
It was admitted that both branches of the Legis-
lature must acquiesce in the election to render it
valid. But they contended that the Senate had
agreed to the election; had united with the House
in the formation of the joint convention; had met
with the House from day to day, and then had
no power to dissolve the convention under the
laws of the State, and defeat an election, by the
mere withdrawal of a majority of its members.
In the ease from Indiana, is it pretended that
the Senate of Indiana ever agreed to the election
of the sitting Senators ? No one has maintained
this in the argument to-day; nor was it contended
in the argument of the case originally. It is ad-
mitted on all hands, that the Senate of Indiana,
as a Senate, never did agree to the election of
the sitting members. Consequently as the Senate
has a power equal to the power of the House,
no election took place by " the Legislature of
Indiana." The Legislature of Indiana to-day
plants itself on the argument of the distinguished
Senator from Louisiana, the distinguished Sena-
tor from Delaware, and other distinguished Sen-
ators on this floor, that an election, to be valid,
must be the act of the Legislature as such, and
not the act of the separate members of the Legis-
lature. It must be the act of the Legislature, that
power constituted under the constitution of the
State as the Legislature, and not the act of the
distinct and separate elements of the legislative
body.
Who,then,is inconsistent? The "Republicans
in the Iowa case voted to sustain the election,
because they believed that the Senate of that State,
having agreed to unite with the House in joint
convention, having formed that joint convention
by its own deliberate act, in pursuance of a law
of the State, could not dissolve it by the mere ab-
sence of a majority of its members, or render its
acts void by mere inattention to its business; bat
in the case from Indiana there is no pretense that
the Senate of the State ever ilid agree to this ©fac-
tion. As was stated by the Senator from Illinois,
the Senate of Indiana understanding that an at-
tempt would be made to elect Waited States Sen-
ators in an informal and irregular way, adopted
a resolution, and spread it on its journal in ad-
vance, notifying the House of Representatives
and the world that the Senate had not agreed to
become a party to a joint convention for any such
purpose; and after the election had been held by
less than a quorum of the members of the House,
and a minority of the Senate, the Senate protested
against its validity, and laid that protest on your
table, demanding that the sitting Senators should
not be admitted to seats as Senators from Indiana.
The protest was disregarded. The applicants
were admitted temporarily to seats. The protest
and their credentials were referred to the Judiciary
Committee, and many months thereafter the par-
ties were authorized to take testimony. In the
mean time the Legislature had adjourned; the pro-
testing Senate was resolved into its original ele-
ments and dispersed; there was no longer an offi-
cial Senate capable of acting, in existence. The
sitting Senators collected testimony. The Judi-
ciary Committee heard this ex parte history of the
election, reported in their favor, and the Senate
confirmed the decision of the committee. But in
the process of time, the Indiana Legislature is
again convened. The journals of the proceedings
of their predecessors are examined, and they find
by their record that no legal election of United
States Senators had been held to fill the vacant
seats. The Legislature of Indiana, legally assem-
bled, by a concurrent voto of both branches, me-
morializes the Senate of the United States, and
alleges that no legal election of Senators had been
held at the previous session; that the seats then
vacant are still unoccupied by legally elected Sen-
ators; they hold an election accoiding to the laws
and usages of the State, and forward their me-
morial to the President of the Senate, and ask
to be heard at your bar; and the Republican Sen-
ators are willing to hear her own argument of
her own sase.
I have but little patience with the idea that this
is an insult to the Senate; that the approach of one
of the sovereignties, of which this Confederacy
is composed, to the Senate in a respectful manner,
by her memorial properly authenticated and di-
rected to the Presiding Officer of this House, with
a request to be heard as to the legality and validity
of her own act, is an insult to the Senate of the
United States!
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator tell me who has
said that? I have heard that man of straw set up
abouta dozen times to be knocked down. I should
like to know who said it was an insult. Who
has used the expression ?
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the chairman
of the committee a few days since, in presenting
this case, to distinctly announce that he regarded
it as an insult to the Senate of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. I used no such language, and
I have repeated this explanation several times. I
said the act of election, in the face of the decision
of the Senate, was disrespect to the body.
Mr. HARLAN. Have I heard the explana-
tion of the honorable Senior from Delaware,
that it is " disrespectful" to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to ask to be heard as to the legality of
its own acts ?
Mr. BAYARD. No; I do not say it was dis-
respectful to memorialize the Senate at all; but to
assume that the decision of the Senate was wrong,
and when the Senate had decided the body was
full, to elect as if it was not full, was an act of
disrespect. The memorial I never characterized
as disrespectful in any way whatever.
Mr. HARLAN. I am glad to be corrected, Mr.
President. I would not misrepresent the honor-
able Senator, or any other Senator, willfully. But
it seems to me that even that statement is not
justifiable by the facts before the Senate. It is,
m effect, saying that it is disrespeotful to the Sen-
ate of the United States for the Legislature of In-
