146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
diana, the electoral college, to assert that it had
not previously actcd in the premises. When it
examines its own record, and it is bound by the
constitution of the State to keep a journal of its
proceedings, it finds that no election, according
to the constitution and usage of Indiana, has taken
place; and finding the Beats vacant, according to
its own lecord, it proceeds to fill them; it elects
Senators; it furnishes the Senators elect with cre-
dentials. With these credentials of an election by
the Legislature of a sovereign State, they appear
at the bar of the Senate, and ask to be admitted
as its legal representatives. The Legislature,
learning that two gentlemen had previously been
admitted to seats as Senators from that State,
during its recess , precedes these Senators elect by
a memorial, giving, m detail, as i understand—
though the committee has not favored us with a
report on the allegations of this memorial—a his-
tory of their own action in the premises, and also
a history of the election of the sitting Senators,
and allege that the supposed election was not the
act of the Legislature of Indiana; that, when the
supposed election took place, the Senate of Indiana
was not present; that a quorum of the House was
not present; that the act was unauthorized, and
not binding on the State. No other power on
eaith couid elect United States Senators for In-
diana but its Legislature 1 These seats were va-
cant, when the Legislatuie was previously last in
session. No election was held by the Legislature.
Hence these seats must be still legally vacant; and
they elect gentlemen to fill them. j
In what consists the disrespect? By her own [
record the Legislature of Indiana knew when va- !
cancies in tins body, from that State, occurred;
by her own record alio knew that no election had
been held. By her own record she knew that '
these seats were still vacant. She proceeds to fill :
them; sends gentlemen here with certificates, and j
mcmoiializes the Senate, calling its attention, j
through its Presiding Officer, to the facts in detail >
which she regarded as a violation of her sover- !
i'i«*rily. j
i cannot perceive in this whole procedure a !
single element of dmrespeet to the Senate of the !
Uiiitui Siales; ami if these gentlemen be ■
spumed from the Senate Chamber, are not per- ■
muted ti) enter us portals, us other Senaiois elect,
it will be «ni um alkd-ibr indignity to one of the ;
suveu ii.-;n mi-mbertf of tins Confederacy. They
have a ii^ht, to bo hoaid. They have a right to
demand u in the name of a sovereign State. They |
ItKve a right to demand by what authority this !
Senate few aside her own inierpietaUon of h<*r 1
own laws, and denies her even a hearing at its:
bur. 1 undeiatand that the Supieme Court of the !
United States wiil not overrule ihe interpretation '
of the laws and official acts of a State, as eon- !
strued by its <>wn supreme judiciary. Harmony |
among the members oi the Confederacy requires •
that the judicial construction of the olHeml aets j
of each by H- own mbunnis shall stand. The
hi^-hoM Inderal enoj-i known to the Constitution
will not disturb sueh a settlement. And hete is an ;
adjudication by the Le^i.-daUue of Indiana of an :
net of the Legislature of Indiana. Indiana inter- !
picts her own act differently from the nuerpreta- \
lion placed on it by the Senate of the United '
Stales. Tiie Indiana Legislating says that she ;
did not elect the fitting Senators. Tins Senate '
save that she did elect ihem—that this Senate has !
examn.ed the case,awl solemnly decided thutshe '
did. I Jero J3 the joined between the Senate of !
the United Status ami the Legislature of Indiana; j
and Indiana asks to be heard at, your bar on this ;
iSMie. She asks you to cease to be advocate, and j
be '.he puigK She ask 3 the pimleyo of arguing |
the fjU' stion whether she is estopped by your'act.
She asks whether the record* of this Senate or
the rucoids of her Legislature aie the butter evi-
dence of what the Legislature has done.
I have made the motion which is now pending,
to leeomnnt this whole subject to the Committee
on tlie Judiciary with instructions to report all the
facts connected with both these elections and the
law that they may suppose to be pertinent in tin
decision of the case, and that the gentlemen from
Indiana who riaun to be entitled to seats on this
floor may be he.ud; such a request hitherto has
never been denied. The Senate has not only
heard those t.o a eie claiming seats here, in per-
son, but has permitted parties to contests to ap-
pear at the bar of the Senate by an attorney. I
read one section only from the same document to
which! referred a few moments since:
"Mr Leww commenced hi? =peeeh hy observing that he
appeared theie on behalf of Conrad Laub, and other re-
spectable men, who complained of the unconstitutionality
of admitting Mr. Gallaim to a seat in the Sen ue."—Con-
tested Elections in Congress, 1789-1834, page SbO.
It appears, by an examination of the record,
that Mr. Lewis was not, at the time, a member
of this body, but appeared at the bar of the Sen-
ate as an attorney for the parties who protested
against the validity of the election of Mr. Galla-
tin. I find, in the second case, recorded in this
book—
" William Cocke and William Blount, of Tennessee.—May
23, 1796.
"A letter, s-iyned bythe.<e gentlemen, was read, stating
that they had been duly elected Senatois, to represent the
Slate of Tennessee in "the Senate.
4 On motion, That Mr. Blount and Mr. Cocke, who
I*claim to be Senatois of the United States, be lecwved as
; spectator*, and that chairs he pi ovided for thai put pose, un-
til the final decision of the Senate <hall he given on the bill
[ propoxmy; to admit the southwestern territory into the
1 Union,'
u It was moved to lefci the consideration thereof to a
; committee, but disa^eed to. Th«  foiegotiig motion was
! then earned—yeah 1:2, nays 11.,J—J/u.i., page 80S.
Those individuals were admitted to seats on the
floor of the Senate, although the State had not, at
i that time, been admitted into the Union as a mem-
i her of the Confederacy. I again find, on page
i 87L>, that:
I " Mr. Van Huton submitted the following motion forcon-
j sideiatmn :
i u llvsolcal. That the Finn. James Lantnan have leave to
| b" heaid at the ii.u of the Senate, on the question a*' to his
n  ht to a seat Uu leiu, under an appointment made by ilie
| Ij\ecutive of Connecticut."
I And further on:
I "■ The isolution submitted by Mr. Van tturen on the ">th
j instant, (or peimittin*; Mr. Lanrnan to lie heaul at the bar
' of the Senate, on the question of Ins right to a seat, having
] been agteed lo—"
\ These are tin4 only cases on record, where ap-
i plication was made on behalf of the claimants to
| seats or their friends, to ho heard either in person
: or by attorney; and m every case, so far as the
1 tecord goes, when: the application was made, the
request was granted, i see no reason for making
, this an exception. I have understood from the
oral statements of others, that in other cases—in
the ease of one honorable Senator who now occu-
pies a seat on thisiloor—the contestant of his right
to a scat was permitted to be heard at the bar of
the Senate. In the other branch of Congress, the
right of contestants to be heard on the question
of their title to seats, has never been denied. Why
should this be made an exceptional case ? What
: is thcie in the previous e# parte adjudication of
I this ease by the Senate, during the recess of the
1 Indiana Legislature, when the constitutional elect-
I or of Senators was incapable of action, that bars
, her right to be heard on this contest, so vital to
; her interests, and so directly affecting her sover-
1 eignty ?
| If your decision was a legislative act, it is ad-
i mitted, you could review jyid rescind. But it is
I said to partake of the solemn nature of a judicial
' decision by a court of the last resort, from whose
decision there is no appeal. But no appeal is
| demanded; no change of venue is asked. You
are only asked to review your own adjudication
1 for cause alleged at bar. The defendant has never
: had his day in court. How could the highest
' courts of the country bind a party to a suit, un-
j less in the nature of a suit in rem, who had never
! received legal notice? How would you bind a
' minor unrepresented? How could you conclude
| a party under legal disability to receive notice or
! to respond, and bar a motion, on his part, to set
: aside a judgment, if made m reasonable time after
j the legal ability returned, or was acquired to make
j an appearance?
j You directed testimony to be taken in this case
j during the recess of the Indiana Legislature, and
I gave notice by publication; you made your de-
! cision when it was legally incompetent to receive
! notice and to act, At the first session thereafter,
| as soon as she possessed legal ability to notice
i your adjudication, she makes her appearance by
t memorial, and by her representatives, and moves
, for a rehearing. What is your response by your
i j judicial organ ? " That she is forever barred by
i; your ex parte ad judication '."so effectually barred,
! that you will not entertain a motion for a rehear-
j ing! so effectually barred, that you will not suf-
I fer her to make the motion, nor hear her on the
j question of her right to make the motion ! And
I this on the ground that your decision was " judi-
[ cial in its nature !"
[ It seems to me to be an act of courtesy due to
! the claimants, an act of justice to the State of
; Indiana, and a duty which the Senate of the (Jni-
| ted States owes to itself, as the most dignified and
j august legislative tribunal of the nation, to so far
i reopen this case as to hear the parties who rep-
i resent the State in interest. And I array the ar-
i gument presented by the honorable Senator from
1 Louisiana, " that our votes are too likely 40 be
; controlled by our political opinions," though in-
troduced by him in a different connection, as a
! controlling reason for this position. It should be
■ a grave consideration with the majority whether
j they have not prejudged the case through preju-
, dice. Theapphcantsareyourpohdcalopponents.
I The case has been referred to a committee coin-
i posed largely of political opponents, with whom
! it is possible that political dislikes may have given
a perverted or distorted coloring to the facts and
i law of the case. The sitting Senators are your
; political friends. You have much tolosebydis-
i placing them and admitting the more recent claim-
; ants. It may materially affect the political or-
; £anization of the Senate to make a change of four
1 in its political complexion. This might especi-
' ally weigh materially with a majority that is rap-
idly waning from other causes. Hence, if you
j would act justly, it is due to .yourselves that you
, should extend every opportunity to the claimants
to throw light on the subject, that your minds may
1 be disabused of any possible paity bias against
1 them. All these considerations appeal strongly
! to the majority to allow them to be heard on the
merits of the case, but especially on the ques-
!' tion of their right to a rehearing; whether a mo-
: tion for a rehearing, made by the Legislature of
I a State affecting the legitimacy of Us representa-
: tion on this floor, will lie before this tribunal;
; whether such a motion can be entertained. If
you are sitting as a court, you certainly will not
■ dismiss the motion without a hearing. A party
j making this motion in a court of justice would
1 hardly be spurned from its presence unheard. His
i motion would be entered; his allegations would
| be heard; and if, in the opinion of the court, the
: allegations are sufficient, issue is joined, and if
| sustained, the case is reopened, and the parties
! are then heard 011 the merits.
In this case you say you sat as a court, from
your decision there is 110 appeal. Then the only
possible mode of correcting an error in this court
is by a review of its own decisions by itself. If
it possesses no such power, it is unlike any court
of original jurisdiction that ever existed. But
1 if it cannot, why not? It is not prohibited by
| any law of Congress; it is not prohibited by the
! Constitution; by it plenary power is conferred to
' judge of the qualifications, returns, and election of
its own members. It is not prohibited by public
; policy, justice to any one of the thirty-three sov-
| oreign States may at any time demand it; and a
! denial is in the nature of a reward for temporary
! success obtained by fraud.
| But, if it is possible for allegations to be made
! sufficiently strong to justify a rehearing in any
i case, do they exist in this ?
' The Legislature of Indiana alleges that no elec-
■ tion to fill vacancies existing two years since has
j been held by it until Messrs. McCarty and Lane
were chosen, a few weeks since. Is this suffi-
ciently strong? If true, no act of yours could, by
possibility, fill these seats with legal incumbents;
tor the Constitution provides " that each State
shall be entitled to two Senators, to be elected by
the Legislature thereof." If the sitting Senators
! were not elected by the Legislature of Indiana,
1 their supposed election is void,and the^pumants
! are entitled to theirseats. This allegation^ias been
; made by the proper party, and it has been made
1 at the fiist moment after your decision that it pos-
sessed the legal ability to make its appearance at
your bar. Then why not permit them to be heard?
j On what principle of law or equity or public pol-
; icy will you exclude the hearing?
