1859]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of RepS.
contained in his message must, in fairness, be
attributed.
But, whatever may have been the motive which
induced the President to bring this subject before
Congress at this tirtie, I am sure that the sugges-
tions made by him will not be entertained here in
the aggressive spirit imputed to us by the lead-
ing presses of Europe; and that any proposition
which we may determine to make to S'pain with
respect to it, will be made under the influence of
those feelings of respectful regard for her lfehich
should characterize the conduct of the United
States towards a nation which was one of those
which came to their assistance when they took
up arms for the purpose of achieving their inde-
pendence.
The object of the President in speaking on the
subject in his message, was to have the Congress
of the United States take some definite action with
a view to obtain a peaceful transfer of Cuba from
Spain to the United States, at an early day, if it
be at all practicable to do so in the present posi-
tion of the civilized world;and in consequence of
his having so spoken, the attention of both Houses
of Congress has been given to it during the pres-
ent session. The committees of both Houses
have reported in favor of making an attempt at
this time for the immediate acquisition of Cuba,
and have accompanied their respective reports
with bills which are designed to give effect to this
policy. These bills are substantially the same,
and I shall therefore call attention only to that re-
ported to the House, and which will be before us
for consideration in a few days. That bill is in
the following words:
Be it enacted, #c., That the sum of $30,000,000 be, and
the same is hereby, appropnated, out of any moneys not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the President to conclude
with the Government of Spam a treaty of amity, and for the
settlement of all differences, including the cession of the
Island of Cuba, to be used by him, if he shall think fit, in
advance of its ratification by the Seriate : Provided, That
said treaty, when signed by the authorized agents of the
two Governments, and duly ratified by the Government of
Spain, shall call for the expenditure of the sum or any part
thereof; full and accurate accounts of which expenditure
shall be by him transmitted to Congress at as early a day as
practicable.
From this, it will be seen that the committee
propose to make provision, by a legislative act,
for the appropriation of $30,000,000, to be placed
at the disposal of the President of the United
States, and which he shall be authorized to make
use of in the event of there being a treaty entered
into with Spain for the cession of Cuba, after
that treaty has been ratified by Spain, and without
waiting for the action of the American Congress;
and that it makes no other provision whatever
with reference to the contemplated acquisition,
but leaves everything connected with it to the
sole discretion of the President, or to that of the
Senate, or to the future action of Congress.
Now, sir, I am in favor of the speedy acquisi-
tion of the Island of Cuba. I am in favor of that
acquisition, because I know, if it become a part
of our territory, that it will be of immense ad-
vantage to the whole nation; that it will give a
new impulse to our industry, extend our trade,
and give rise to new relations with all the various
countries of Europe with which it is desirable to
remain upon the footing of friendship. But, sir,
while that is my feeling, I am not in favor of pro-
ceeding in this way. I think the scheme involved
in it incomplete. I think the proposition, if it
should be adopted, is not of a character at all
likely to lead to the attainment of the object aimed
at with any certainty.
What is the proposition? Why, it, in effect,
authorizes the President to open negotiations
with Spain for the cession of Cuba, and places a
certain sum—$30,000,000—at his disposal, to be
disbursed by him after the ratification of the treaty
on the part of Spain, and in advance of its ratifi-
cation by the Senate. Would such a provision as
this insure the acquisition of the island, if the
President were to negotiate a treaty and use the
money intrusted to his discretion ? The views of
the President, with respect to the sum which
might with propriety be given as a consideration
for that island, might differ widely from those of
Congress. A treaty might be entered into with
Spain, under his instructions, which would stip-
ulate for the payment of a sum vastly greater
than the people of the United States would be
willing to give. Under these circumstances, as a
matter of course, the acquisition would not be
made, because the treaty would be rejected by
the Senate, or be repudiated by the people.
.But this proposed plan of proceeding is liable
to another and stilt greater objection. It makes
no provision whatever with respect to the future
position of the island, or of its people, ip the
event of their transfer from the dominion of Spain
to that of the United States. Is the island to re-
main a dependency of the United States and the
Government, as a Territory, oris it to be erected
into a State ? Are the people of the island to be
left to regulate their local affairs according to their
own views, and according to their own good will
and pleasure, or are they to be subjected to inter-
ference from without, and be liable to have their
present social organization disturbed, and their
domestic institutions changed, in obedience to the
will of others, and in opposition to their wishes,
and to the injury or destruction of those rights of
property which they now enjoy under the au-
thority of Spain ?
These are questions of momentous importance.
We are all aware of the difficulties to which their
settlement, from time to time, gives rise in the
United States, whenever they are in any way con-
nected with the existence of the right of property
in slaves, or with the preservation or continuance
of that system of labor. The Island of Cuba is
only valuable to the world because it swells all
the streams of trade with a great variety and a
vast amount of those commodities which are the
peculiar growth of the tropical regions of the
earth; ana it is known to all that its capacity to
do this, in a manner and to an extent at all com-
mensurate with the daily increasing wants of
civilized life, depends altogether upon the em-
ployment of slave labor there. Her present com-
mercial importance is inseparably connected with
that species of labor. Without it she would soon
lose her proud preeminence among the great pro-
ducing countries of the tropics; and. if it were
once disturbed or interfered with, in violation of
the rights of those who now employ and direct it
there, it requires no extraordinary foresight to
perceive that, after passing through all the various
stages of decay and demoralization which have
been exhibited to the world of late years, in the
downward progress of the West India colonies
of England and Prance, under the operation of
the same causes, she would at last sink into the
state of barbarism and degradation which has
caused her neighbor, the once flourishing and
prosperous Haytj, to forfeit her former place on
the rolls of civilization, and to become a mere
blank or a foul blot on the earth's surface.
It is clear to my mind, Mr. Chairman, that the
Island of Cuba would be of no value to us, if its
present system of labor were to be disturbed, and
its capacity to supply our own markets and the
markets of the world with tropical productions
were to be destroyed. Without this capacity, her
acquisition by the United States would not be a
national advantage. It would neither add to the
materials of our trade nor lead to an increase in
our shipping; nor would it give new life to our
present agricultural and manufacturing industry
oy opening a more extended market to their prod-
ucts. Unless the island can be transferred to
our possession in its present condition, and with
the certainty that the rights of its people to regu-
late their domestic institutions will be preserved
inviolate, it would neither be useful to the United
States, nor just to the people of the island, to make
the acquisition. And, for one, I have no hesi-
tation in saying that, in my opinion, no measure
looking to the acquisition of Cuba deserves sup-
port which does not make full provision on that
subject.
But these are not the only objections which
present themselves to my mind against the bill
reported by the committee. That bill proposes,
without any real necessity, to put $30,000,000 at
the disposition of the President, to be used by him,
at his discretion, in bringing about the cession of
the island. It is true, that the bill provides that he
shall use this money only in case the treaty for the
cession, when made, " shall call for the expendi-
ture of the same,'' &e. For what is it to be used ?
To what purpose is it to be applied ? Isitintended
to form a part of the consideration to be given for
the island? Or is it to be expended in-some
collateral way, to facilitate the making of such
a treaty ? I have the greatest confidence in the
integrity of the present Chief Magistrate of tb&
nation. I have no fear that he would misapply
the fund placed at his disposal, or that he would
employ it in any unworthy manner, to promote
the success of the projected negotiations. But,
sir, I hold it to be, wrong in principle, to vest any-
unnecessary discretion in the Executive, at any
time, or for any purpose. There can be no neces-
sity for leaving him any discretion in this ease,
with respect to the payment of money. If it is
the intention of Congress to appropriate the sum
specified in it to the payment of a part of the con-
sideration to be given for the islana, the bill ought
to say so. But, in that event, the simple and
proper way of accomplishing that object would
be to direct the payment of the money appropri-
ated directly to Spain. If that be all that is aimed
at, why not say so ? And then there will be no
necessity for vesting any discretion whatever in
relation to the disbursement of the money appro-
priated, in any officer whatever.
In my view, these various objections to the bill
before the House are insuperable. When Conr
gress acts at all, with reference to the peaceful
acquisition of Cuba, it seems to me that its ac-
tion ought to be complete in itself; that it should
be of such a character that, if it were met by Spain
in the same spirit, it would necessarily result, not
only in the absolute acquisition of the territory,
without leaving anything.tobe done in the future
to give it effect, but would also fix and determine
the position which the island and its people were
to occupy in our political system, after their trans-
fer to the United States. In the hope of con-
tributing, in some way, to the adoption of such
a measure, I had the honor a few days since of
asking the leave of the House to introduce a bill
embodying the various provisions which seemed
to me essential for the carrying out of the policy
of which I have spoken. Objection was made at
that time, and I was prevented from submitting
those provisions to the considerationof the House.
It is, however, my intention, when the subject
comes up before the House, to offer the bill which
I then sought to introduce, as a substitute for the
one reported by the committee; and with the view
of securing to it a favorable reception at that time,
I shall now proceed to lay it before the House,
and to show the propriety of adopting it, if we
are really desirous of obtaining possession of the
Island of Cuba, and of securing to the country all
of the advantages which ought to flow from such
an acquisition.
But before doing this, it seems to me proper
that I should say something as to the position
which I occupy with respect to the policy of ac-
quiring Cuba. I have said that I am in favor of
acquiring that island at once; and have already
spoken of the great advantages which would re-
sult to the United States from making the acqui-
sition. But, Mr. Chairman, the committee who
reported the bill of which I have been speaking,
whilst they describe, in the warmest terms, the
extraordinary manner in which the interests of
the nation, as a whole, will be advanced by the
acquisition, more than intimate in their report
that the success of the measure would be very
injurious to the sugar-growers of Louisiana;
and, indeed, if I remember right, they urge its ,
adoption on the House on the very ground that
if it be carried out, it will hsfte the effect of per-
manently lowering the price of the great staple
of that State, in the culture of which their for-
tunes are now embarked. And some of the mem-
bers who have addressed the House with refer-
ence to this measure, have also taken the same
ground, and have advocated the acquisition of
Cuba for the special reason that it will necessa-
rily give the people of the United States their
supply of sugar free of any duty.
Wow, sir, I come from that very portion of the
United States which it is intimated, or asserted,
is to be injured and not benefited by this policy
of acquisition. I am the Representative of the
greatest sugar-producing district in the United
States, perhaps in the world. Those engaged in
its culture, certainly derive an advantage, a very
important advantage, from the duty imposed on
the sugar imported into the United States from
