772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February S,
united, and standingbefore the world in splendid and benefi-
cent conjunction. I5y a blessed Providence, man has been
permitted to join these immense instrumentalities together.
Whether any human power shall be allowed to put them
asunder, must now depend on the patriotism, the wisdom,
and the firmness of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States.
SAMUEL B. RUGGLES,
CHARLES H. S1IERRILL,
Canal Commissioners of the State of New York.
Albany, December 31,1858.
In view of the great importance of this subject,
1 move that the memorial and resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New York be laid on
the table and printed; I also move that a thou-
sand extra copies be printed.
The motion to lay on the table and print the
resolutions of the Legislature of New York, ac-
companied by a memorial oifthe canal board and
canal commissioners of the State of New York, to
the Congress of the United States, asking for im-
provement of the lake harbors and the repayment
of moneys advanced from the canal revenues of
the State for the construction of the breakwater in
the harbor ofBuffalo, was agreed to. The motion
to print extra copies was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented
the petition of citizens of Mercer county, Ken-
tacky, praying the establishment of a cavalry
depot and school of instruction at the Western
Military Asylum in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. BIGLER presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Huntingdon and Fulton counties, Pennsyl-
vania, praying the establishment of a tri-weekly
mail, between Orbisonia and McConnellsburg;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Officc and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Robert Orr
and Chambers Orr, surviving children of Captain
Robeit Orr, in the expedition of General George
Rogers, of Virginia, against the Indians, in the
now State of Ohio,in 1781, praying for land prom-
ised by the laws of Virginia; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, SLIDELL presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying the passage of a law to pio-
vent ail further traffic in, and monopoly of, the
public lands; and that they be laid out in farms or
lots for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers only; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. IVEllSON presented a netition of Commo-
• dore William Mervine, of the ijnited States Navy,
praying that he may be lei'unded the amount of
a judgment recovered ngamst him for the dis-
charge of an official duty; winch was teferred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of Harriet
B. Macomb, widow of the lnic General Alexan-
der Macomb, of the Army, for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
William Alien, of Portland, Maine, for arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
jPensions. *
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was refcired the memorial of
Edwaid Brinley, an officer in the Navy, praying
to be allowed the difference between the pay of a
midshipman and that of a lieutenant, dmmg the
time he acted in the latter capacity, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and, in concurrence therewith,
Re-.o!i<eJ, That the prayer of the pemion'jr !>o reacted,
and that the committee he dioehui^od from the further con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. JONES,from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Mai shall
Harvey, to be placed on the roll of invalid pen-
sions, submitted an adverse report.
Mr- IVEipSON, from the Committee on Chums',
to whom was refcired the bill (C.C. No. bd) for
the rehef of John Peebles, with the opinion of the
court thereon, reported it without amendment,
with a recommendation that it do puss,
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to' whom was referred the memorial of Thomas
Crown, praying to be allowed damages occa-
sioned b}' the abrogation of a contract, made-by
him with Captain Blaney, to furnish backs for
the fortifications at Oak Island, submitted a re-
port, accompanicd by a bill (S. No. 553) for the
relief of Thomas Crown. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Saturday of this week be assigned foi the
consideration of business relating to tne District of Colum-
bia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 551)
legalizing certain entries oTlands on Leavenworth
Island, in the State of Missouri; which was read
twice by its title, and referred', with the accom-
panying papers, to the Cqgunittee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
554) to authorize the Attorney General to repre-
sent the proceedings in equity now pending in the
Supreme Court, between the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts and the State of Rhode Island and
Providence Plantations; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. .
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 552)
making a grant of laud in alternate sections to the
Territory of Nebraska for the construction of a
railroad; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODERICIC asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 75) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to carry into effect the provisions of the
joint resolution of Congress, approved May 14,
in regard to the statistics of the coast com-
merce between the Atlantic and Pacific ports of
the United States; which was redd, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home oj Jlcprcscntatiics of
the. United Stales of .dmci icrt j<i Congress a^emldcd, That
for the purpose of enahhns the Secietarv of the Tieas>ury
to cany imo effect the ptovisions of the joint resolution of
Congies*, approved Mav 1-1, 18oG, the piovisions of section
eleven o( an act entitled '* An act to prGvide for obtaining
accuiato statements of foreign commerce ot the United
States," foe, and the same heiefoy arc, extended to apply to
the owiiefn or masters of vessels pnya<jed in the eoastwi.se
trade between the Atlantic and Pacific ports of the United
States, aiid to the owners shippers, and consiynoi^ ofgoods
aad merchandise, by haul vo-sels.
The joint resolution was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
INDIANA ELECTION CASE.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
the State of Indiana, by her Senators and Repre-
sentatives in General Convention assembled, re-
questing that the Hon. Ilenry S. Lane'and the
lion. William Monroe McCarty "be admitted to
seats in the Senate of the United States, as the
only legally elected and constitutionally chosen
Senators of that State; also, certified copies of the
proceedings of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the State of Indiana, of the 22d of
December, 185S, relative to the election of United
States Senators, submitted a report; and asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the memoi ial of the Legislature of Indiana.
Mr. COLLAMER. The minority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary desire to present their
views. I suppose they will be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, i move to lay the report, and
the views of the minority on the table; and that
they be printed. I will call them up on Monday
morning.
. The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise for the purpos* of sub-
mitting a lesulutiou in connection with the ques-
tion of privilege relating to the seats of the Sena-
tors from Indiana:
RtidvcJ, That Hoary S. Lane and "William M. McCaity
have loave to occupy se iti« on 'he floor of trie. Senate pend-
ing the: ihK'U.^ion of the repottof the Committee on the
Judienuy on uie memorial ot the Legislature of Indiana, de-
claring them her duly elected Senators, and that they have
leave to speak to the merits of their lights to beats, and the
report of the committee. •
Mr. GREEN. I object to that resolution.
ThePRESIDENTprofem/jore. Objection being
made, it will lie over, under the rule.
Mr. BAYARD. , I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. GREEN. I object to its consideration to-
•day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over,
under the rule.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think Senators will hardly
insist on the objection. We should act on the
resolution/in order that these gentlemen ,may
understand whether they are to be admitted or
not, when it comes up on Monday. Let them
understand it now.
' Mr. SEWARD. I hope the resolution, which
relates to a question of privilege, will be acted on.
Mr. GREEN. I object to its being actcd on
to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it lies
over, under the rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I gi^e notice, that to-morrow
I shall ask for the consideration of the resolution.
PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Mr. SIMMONS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint three en iimei s-m-chief, with
! assistants, to report locations ot railroads 4;o the
' Pacific Ocean and Puget Sound, upon three routes,
with estimates of the oust of each.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 263)
granting the right of way over, and depot grounds
on, the military reserve at Fort Gratiot, in the
State of Michigan, for railroad purposes, with an
amendment; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested. Also,the bill (S. No. 389) pro-
viding for the allotment of lands to certain New
York Indians, and for other purposes, with an
amendment; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
•Speaker had signed an enrolled bill entitled " An
act (H. R. No. 830) for the punishment of the
crime of forgery, or counterfeiting military bounty
land warrants, military bounty land certificates,
certificates of location, certificates of purchase,
and receivers' receipts; and it was signed by the
President pro tempore.
TEXAS JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
i Mr. HOUSTON. In pursuance of notice, I
i ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal so much of
' the act of February 21,1857, entitled " An act to
divide the State of Texas into two judicial dis-
tricts," as creates and establishes a district court
of the United States m the eastern district of the
State of Texas, and to incorporate the same with
the western district of said State.
Before the motion is put, however, I desire to
make some remarks explanatory of its object.
I might have claimed this as a privileged ques-
tion; hut notwishmtr to do so, I have determined
to submit the remarks which I wish to make in
relation to it on the presentation of tins bill. I
need not inform the honorable Senate, or you,
Mr. Piesident, that a subject of much excitement
has occupied the attention of the Congress of the
United States, in relation to the impeachment of
one of the judicial officers of Texas.
IVom the reflections which have been castupon
the character of Texas, I feel called upon to vin-
dicate her reputation, and to stand up in the main-
tenance of her rights, and, as I conceive*, her good
character. I find it has become historic in the
proceedings of the other House, and before the
committee of investigation, that reflections of the
mobt unwarrantable character have been cast not
only upon the general .character of Texas, but
upon her citizens at large. In the fiist place, I
find in the answer of Judge Watrous before the
committee, that he alleges these facts as the rea-
son for the clamor which he contend'd was raised
against him. He has the effrontery to affect a
tone of injured innocence, and says:
£*C should have much moie reject toi the inn tilings which
should iiave disclosed the real cau->e of toe n> ,aulu As to
the 4 diveis citizens ' whose rights had been napiopeily in-
vaded, they must, of conr?o, bo the detondanN hi the only
two suits which 1 had tried. Can it for a moment he sup-
