1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773'
posed that, in trying these two very ordinary suits, I could
have been guilty of such enormous outrages as to call for or
to justify tliis anomalous and this clandestine mode of pro-
cedure? The myfrteiy is solved by the simple (act that the
decision of one of the ca«es involved the conduction of the
statute of limitations, to which so many of the emigiants to
Texas had looked as a sure and certain protection against,
those ciedHora whom they had left behind, and who were
so unreasonable as to follow them into the country of their
adoption, and commenced suits upon the hens which had
been created upon the property to secure the payment of
these debts, It was, indeed, a just subject of complaint that
the statute of limitations was ©ot declared to be a sponge to
wipe out all the debts of the citizens of Texas. If 1 had put
the construction on the statute required by the exigencies of
the case and the popular cry; if I could have been driven
from my position by any of the means resorted to; if I had
consented to surrender my reason and my judgment, and to
tamper with my conscience and my oath, these resolutions
would never haVe been heard of; and I should have glided
smoothly down the stream of popular favor, and have been
enabled to taste the ' froth from every dip of the oar.5"
I find also in the Globe that a most zealous
speech was made in advocacy of Judge Watrous
by agentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tap-
pan,] and that, in debating the subject of impeach-
"ment when the resolutions were under discus-
sion1, in the House, he not only retracted a former
judgment of Judge Watrous's guilt, but sought
to protect him by indulging; in aspersions upon
the State and citizens of Texas, who were his ac-
cusers. This uncalled-for and wicked defamation,
made before the country, calls for reply and for
rebuke. The gentleman, with others who were
interested with him in the defense of Judge Wat-
rous, showed such utter disregard of the facts as
to assert that the resolutions of the State urging'
the resignation of the judge, "grew out of the
fact of a decision made by him, which touched
the pockets of a good many citizens of Texas."
I request the close attention of honorable Sen-
ators to a history which it is now time to divulge,
of one of the most extraordinary and monstrous
conspiracies ever formed by the ingenuity of man,
and under the incitements of plunder. I design to
make a full and authentic expvse, which circum-
stances now call for, of a conspiracy against the
public domain of Texas, of the most enormous
designs, conceived in the mostgrasping and com-
prehensive spirit of fraud, armed with the most
extraordinary resources, enlisting talents - and
power, and all the ingenuities of intellect in its
execution; involved in its progressive steps, in a
secrecy that would adorn a romance, and extend-
ing, m its ramifications, through different parts of
the Union—I know not where.
The history I propose to recite, with strict ad-
herence to the evidence in my possession, a part
of winch has been slumbering until this time, not
designing to indulge in any assertions, or in any
criminations not fully warranted by the text of
the testimony.
In the first place, it is necessary to explain the
condition of the public domain of Texas, at the
period when the history of the appalmg conspir-
acy referred to commenced. In the year 1837, by
a general law of Texas, large donations of land
^were made to those who had arrived, and settled
'in the country previous to 1836, the date of her
declaration of independence; to married men one
league of land, and to those who were unmarried,
one third of a league.
Under this law boards of land commissioners
were appointed, whose duty it was to investigate
all claims on the Government for head-rights to
lands, and to grant certificates to such persons as
furnished the requisite proofs of their being entitled
to the same. Many of these boards betrayed their
trust, and perpetrated frauds of the most alarm-
ing magnitude, assigning large numbers of certifi-
cates to fictitious persons. These frauds came to
be of the most open and notorious character; so
much so, that cas.es could be instanced where, to
counties not numbering more than one hundred
voters, nine hundred certificates were issued by the
fraudulent action of these boards. The amount
of these false certificates reached at last to such
an overwhelming number, that on the 5th day of
February, 1840, a law was enacted, visiting the
most severe penalties on the crime of making, or
issuing, or being concerned in the making or issu-
ing any such fraudulent or forged certificates', and
providing that those who issued, or dealt in, or
purchased or located, or who were concerned in
the issuing, or dealing in, or purchasing or locat-
ing these fraudulent land certificates, should be
punished by thirty-nine lashes on the bare back,
and by imprisonment from three to twelve months
in the discretion of the judge. A law was passed
about the same time, forbidding the survey of any
land claimed under these certificates, until certi-
fied to be correct by other boards of commission-
ers, appointed to examine into and detect the
frauds oy which the bounty of the Republic had
been abused, and an attempt made to despoil it of
its domain.
Senators will be enabled, by the light of the
legislation to which 1 have referred, to compre-
hend, on unimpeachable authority, the distressed
and terrible condition of affairs in Texas, about
the year 1840, with reference to her public lands.
It is not necessary to accept the truth of the state-
ment of the enormous and frightful frauds, which
threatened to devastate the Republic, robbing it
of millions of acres of its public domain, on the
faith of the popular clamor, or even on that of the
general history of the time; for we have here the
special and severe legislation of the State, attest-
ing the justice of the public alarm, and defending
her interests against the advances of the stupen-
dous fraud that threatened to ingulph thefortunes
of herself and of her people. To this we may
even add the high testimony of the Supreme Court
of the United States, which at a subsequent date
we find confirming the just causes of terror that
had so agitated the Republic of Texas on the sub-
ject of these certificates, in the following terms:
" Immense numbers of these certificates were put in cir-
culation, either forged or fraudulently obtained, which, if
confirmed by surveys and patents, would soon have ab-
sorbed all the vacant lands of the Republic."
To those who were adventurous in crime and
daring in its exploits, a rich and tempting field
was opened in the wide extent of these fraudulent
land certificates. Detection was dangerous; but
the prize was great in proportion to the danger.
It was natural to suppose, too, that detection
might be baffled by the resources of a company
extending to distant points, and enlisting m its
enterprise of fraud men of capital, of position,
arid of comprehensive ingenuity; and men who,
as long as tRey escaped the thirty-nine lashes,
would not care for public reproaches; and, as long
as they saved their backs from public stripes,
would laugh to scorn that lash which public in-
dignation may put " into the hand of every hon-
est man, to whip the rascals naked through the
world."
John C. Watrous was appointed Federal judge
in Texas on the 29th of May, 1846, soon after
the admission of the State into the American
Union. Some time previous to January, 1847, we
find a land company organized in the city of New
York, the main object of which was to speculate
in the fraudulent Texas land certificates, and to
endeavor to have them validated through the ma-
chinery of the courts. This company was com-
posed of Messrs. J. N. Reynolds, J. S. Lake,
Judge Watrous, 0. Klemm, McMillen, Williams,
&c. The only citizen of Texas who appears to
be in the company is John C. Watrous, United
States district judge, with circuit court powers.
The object of introducing Judge Watrous into
this banded association, is not left to mere con-
jecture. I wiii presently show what facilities
it was designed to give to the removal of suits
from Texas and Texas juries, and it may be well
understood how the high position of Judge Wat-
rous might be lent to the advancement, in various
respects, of the interests of the company, and
how his court might be prostituted, if he, a will-
ing tool for gain, submitted to the vile offices of
fraud.
To accomplish these purposes, there were also
imported into Texas, about the date of the form-
ation of the company referred to, two attorneys
in their service—Ovid F. Johnson, of Pennsyl-
vania, and William G. Hale, of New Hamp-
shire.
Thus we find the conspiracy armed for the
prosecution of its designs, having an active pro-
moter in a judicial officer high in position, and
| having for as confederates parties-whose names
j and positions have not yet been fully disclosed.
I It appears that nearly the entire interest was
| represented in the city of New York, the com-
| mercial metropolis of the country, famous, indeed,
i more for its enterprises of good than for those
j magnificent adventures of fraud that form start-
i ling episodes in the history of a great commercial
• city.
i in a letter w-hicli I will here submit, there are
some names given of members of'the conspiracy,
including that of Judge Watrous* 1
*" New York, November 14,1847.
. Dear Sir : This will introduce to yau my friend, Ci. F 
Johnson, Esq.,on his way to Texas,where, for the future,
be intends to reside. Mr. J. was here, and being one of us,
was present in several conferences with Messrs. Lake,
Judge Watrous, Klemm, McMillin, Williams, &c., in ref-
erence to our Texas enterprise. He can tell you all, and
more than all of "us could by letter. I expect to see-you
before the 10th December.
Yours truly, J. N. REYNOLDS.
Messrs. Martin & Co., New Orleans, Louisiana.
It will be noticed that to the list of names in
the letter there is the significant affix of et cetera.
It appears from the correspondence of the as-
sociation, passages from which I shall presently
submit, thai this general term even included
Phalen, which was not divulged in the list re-
ferred to, although he was president of the asso-
ciation! Who else is included in the term, et
cetera? They may be upon the bench; they may
be in the Halls of Congress; they may be impo-
sitions of seeming respectability; they may be any
and everywhere. The country is left,to imagine
the extent of the conspiracy, with enough known
to stimulate the desire to know more.
The plot is concerted in the city of New York,
the great city for the speculative and dramatic en-
terprises of trade. The curtain rises there, and
we find the dramatis persontz, as far as revealed in
the bills, in Judge Watrous, Reynolds, Lake,
Klemm, Williams, and McMillen. It will be in-
structive of the plot to pass in review the public
characters of some of the actors.
J. N. Reynolds, a New York politician, who
appears to be an active manager of the affairs of
the company, is the individual of that name who
was charged with receiving from Lawrence, Stone,
& Co., a compensation of #1,500 for lobbying a
tariff scheme in Congress.
Joseph L. Williams is an ex-member of Con-
gress from Tennessee; was a witness in behalf of
Judge Watrous, in the investigation made in 1852,
into the judge's official conduct as to the very
frauds in which it now appears he was a confed-
erate; and has resided during the past and pres-
ent sessions of Congress in this city, where he
has been actively defending Judge Watrous.
Of Messrs. Lake and fClemm, and of their
mode of transacting Business, we find some curi-
ous accounts in one of the numbers of DeRow's
Review, in the year 1848. (See October and No-
vember numbers, pp. 262, 263, treating of the con-
nection of these gentlemen with the bubble bank-
ing system.)
The article tells us that—
" Mi. J. S. Lake was formerly canal commissioner, and
became the largest stockholder in the Bank of Wooster,
[Ohio,] an institution never in good repute, and which
was on the point ol tailing three years ago, together with
the Norvvalk and Sandusky bank's, in connection with
the exploded bubble, called'the Bank of St. Clair, Michi-
gan. The capital of the Wooster Bank was <$249,450; of
that there stood in Mr. Lake's name $173,900. Mr. Lake
then moved to New York, and commenced business as a
broker, under the firm of J. S. Lake & Co., in Wail-street.
The Co. was his son-in law, O. Klemm, who was doing
busings in Cleveland, under the firm of O Klemm & Co.,
tiie Co. being J. a. Lake, in New York. Klemm was also
cashier of the bank. These gentlemen performed all the
business of the bank ; that is to say, Mr Klemm purchased
with Us means eastern drafts, and sent them to Lake for
collection; Lake making his returns occasionally, the other
diri-ctot^ knowing but little of the transactions. With the
l.ir K amount of the means denved from the Wooster Bank,
Lake & Co. .-peculated m produce, on which they acknowl-
edge a loss ol $1.)0,U00, and they started three other Ohio
banks, be-ule*. buying the Mineral Bank of Maryland and a
bank in Texa^" * * * t " Here, then, Lake
&, Co. had boaowe'd of the public on small notes through,
fmii banking machines, one laying the foundation of the
other, $Mo.3 i8.';
Mr. Tlake's banking operations were extended
to Texas, under circumstances which make it evi-
dent that they w?re particularly designed to fur-
ther the gigantic land conspiracy conducted there
by Judge Watrous, and to furnish additional re-
sources of power ill the execution of their plans.
We find this confederate of Judge Watrous se-
curing the only bank chartcr in Texas. The
mother bank was established at Galveston, Judge
Watrous's home; and its president was Samuel
M. Williams, whose name has been prominently
brought forward in the late investigation into
Jud«e Watrous's conduct in connection with the
La Vcjja eleven-league grant; also with the grant
m the Uiford and Dykes suit; and with the forged
power of attorney introduced into both these suits*
Further: we find that, simultaneous with the in-
stitution of the Cavazos suit, (which involved an
