159
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Public Printing—Mr.. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
■was a source of injury to us, when we were en-
gaged in w®r with England or in hostilities with
various Indian tribes, because itafforded our ene-
mies facilities for attacking us, or gave them
shelter after their discomfiture in the field. In
consequence of various annoyances of this sort,
we took military possession of the country three
several times. But did we retain possession of it
by force? No, sir. When the occasions which
compelled us to occupy it passed away, we with-
drew our forces at once, and it came under our
dominion at last only when Spain found it to her
interest to cede it away.
And how was it With Mexico ? We had pos-
session of its capital; we controlled its destinies,
* from the waters of the Gulf of Mexico to the Pa-
cific ocean. Yet our only desire was to compel
our enemy to sue for peace. When there was a
disposition to treat, when there was a disposi-
tion to abandon hostilities against the United
States, we made a treaty and withdrew our forces.
We did not imitate the monarchs of Europe, or fol-
low the example of those States of the Old World,
which have taken possession of almost entire
quarters of the globe by violence. It is true, we
acquired a portion of her territory which was
convenient to us, by the treaty of peace; but she
ceded this territory to us voluntarily, and re-
ceived for it a consideration which was satis-
factory to her, and had the effect of relieving her
people from various pecuniary, embarrassments
under which they had labored for years, or which
grew out of that war, which was one of their own
making.
No, sir; the United States, during their whole
existence as a nation, have never yet violated the
rights of another nation, or acquired one single
foot of territory without the full consent of its
former possessors, and without giving to them a
full equivalent for it. The acquisition of terri-
tory on any other principle than this would be
directly at war with the spirit of our free institu-
tions; subversive of the principles on which our |
public policy towards other States has been liith- i
erto based. I know, Mr. Chairman, that many
who look forward to the acquisition of Cuba, do [
not hesitate to say that it is necessary to our se- I
curity as a nation, and that therefore we have a ;
right to take it by force, if Spain should refuse to !
yield it to our demands. For one, sir, I do not i
assent to any such position; nor can I conceive, !
for a single moment that it can be seriously coun-
tenanced by any people, unless they have deliber-
ately made up their minds to return again to
" The simple rule—that good ojd plan,
That they may take who have the power,
And they may keep who can."
I neither acknowledge the principle, nor admit
the fact on which that assumption is founded.
It is undoubtedly true that our earlier stfrtesmen
looked to the possession of Cuba with anxiety,
as a means of increasing our national strength.
But it was never pretended that we had the right
to seize it, on this ground, in utter disregard of
the rights of Spain. In the earlier days of the
Republic, beyond all question, the possession of
this island would have been important to us in
n mere military point of view. We were then
in our infancy. The nation was in its swaddling-
clothes, and exposed to injury from every attack.
But how is it to-day? Though we have not yet
attained our full growth, our giant proportions
fill a continent, and our strength has become such
that we may laugh all enemies to scorn. There
is no longer any reason why we should have fears
of foreign Powers, for the world in arms is not
strong enough to move us one jot or tittle from
the path which we are called on to pursue under
the promptings of right and honor. No, sir; it
is nbt to increase our national strength, or to
give us security in the future, that we should de-
sire the acquisition of Cuba. It is to advance the
interests of our people in peace. And it is because
I am persuaded it will have that effect, that lam
now in favor of making a proposition, by the di-
rect action of Congress, with a view to obtaining
a cession of the island from Spain to the United
States, on terms equally advantageous to both
countries, and which should be, at the same time,
not only just to Spain, but worthy of a great Re-
public.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. TAYLOR,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
February 10, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not my intention to oc-
cupy much of the time of the committee this
evening with remarks of my own. I wish to pre-
sent certain certified statements from the Register
of the Treasury, the Secretary of the Senate, and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives; and I
shall say no more in connection with them than
is necessary to explain them.
Much has been said about the increase of the
public expenditure, and much more might be said
with great propriety. While in some instances
that increase has been necessary and proper,in
others it has been so far otherwise that no valid
excuse for it can be found. .
The public printing presents the especial illus-
tration to which I desire to draw attention; and 1
do so because circumstances have led me more
particularly to inquire into the public expendi-
tures in this particular. The amount of public
printing depends, in a great degree, upon the ac-
tion of Congress. That printing may beconfined
to what is strictly necessary in the legislation of
the Governmerit, to the Executive documents, to
the reports from committees, to bills, and other
necessary matter, during the period in which Con-
gress is m session; or, it may be increased, as it
was in the Thirty-Third Congress, by orders for
large and expensive editions of works not neces-
sarily connected with the legislation of the coun-
try. The practice of ordering works to be printed,
before the manuscripts have been sent in to Con-
gress, has led to many abuses. The rule adopted
by this Congress, which requires every sheet of
manuscript to be delivered before the subject of
printing iaacted upon, has done much good. Sim-
ilar precaution on the part of the Thirty-Third
and Thirty-Fourth Congresses would have saved
millions to the Treasury.
Previous to the Thirty-Third Congress, but few
surveys and explorations had been printed by the
Government. The Thirty-First Congress printed
Messrs'. Foster and Whitney's report on the cop-
per regions of lake Superior; but it was done in
the manner of an ordinary document, and at little
expense. The Thirty-Second Congress ordered
the publication of Lieutenant Stansbury's report
on the Great Salt Lake and Utah; and during the
last session of that Congress the Senate ordered a
limited number of the reports of Captains Marcy
and Sitgreaves. This, however, was sufficient to
give an impulse to the congressional publishing
business. It came to be thought necessary to revise
the law, and change the system of public print-
ing. In that revision and change, which took
place in 1852, the office of Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing was created. The duties which were
devolved upon the superintendency were simple
and direct. It was thought that one person, with
a salary of $2,500, would be sufficient to perform
them. In this supposition there appears to have
been a mistake, which arose, probably, from the
greatly increased amount of work ordered. The
Superintendent's office grew into a bureau, with
a salary of §3,000 per annum; four clerks, at
$1,800 each per annum; a messenger, and a la-
borer. With this important machinery, theThir-
ty-Third Congress commenced the manufacture
of books in earnest.
It may be necessary, in order to secure a more
perfect understanding of this subject, to remark,
th at the regular number of every document printed
is 1460 for the Senate, and that forthe House one
thousand five hundred and twenty. Any larger
n umber for either bod y is called extra. The Thirty-
Third Congress ordered extra numbers of many
works. In order to ascertain the number of vol-
umes I have multiplied the number ordered by
the number of volumes in each work.
The Senate ordered extra copies of—
Volumes,
Smithsonian Report  10,000
Patent Report, (rfrechamica!)  12,000
Patent Report, (agricultural)  40,000
Gibbon's Report  20,000
Sitgre&ves's Report...  3,000
Health on Emigrant Ships  5,000
Lee's Cruise of Dolphin  .J'000
Andrews's Report   10,000
Finance Report, first session  10,000
Commerce and Navigation  18,200
Matcy's ftepbrt    10,000
Finance Report, second session  10,000
Patent, (mechanical,) second session  54,000
Patent, (agricultural,) second session.    55,000
Smithsonian Report, second session  10,000
Pacific Railroad Surveys 132,000
Perry's Japan Expedition  15,000
Giliiss's Astronomical Report  14,000
Total 432,200
The House Ordered extra copies of—
. Volumes.
Finance Report      15,000
Obituary, Vice President King.   30,000
Herndon's Report  40,000
Gibbon's Report  5'0,000
Patent (mechanical) Report   60,000
Patent (agricultural) Report 110,000
Smithsonian Report   
Marcy's Report 
Giliiss's Astronomical Report  20,000
SECOND SESSION.
Finance Report    15,000
Patent (mechanical) Report   • ■ -120,000
Smithsonian Report  6,000
Mortality Statistics  15,000
Pacific Railroad Survey 
Perry's Japan Expedition    31,500
Commerce and Navigation  15,000
Volumes for the House 
Volumes for the Senate 432,200
Volumes for Congress 1,119,700
It will be seen that the message and accompa-
nying documents, Coast Survey report, and many
other documents, are not included in the above
statement. The Commerce and Navigation report
and that on Finance are included, for the reason
that no necessity appears for the large number of
extra copies of those reports. One fifth the num-
ber of these valuable reports would be sufficient,
if they were properly distributed through the
Treasury Department. A law exists, providing
for these publications; and the number of extra
copies is directed by that law, and they are not
ordered by each Congress. I am not ignorant of
the importance of these reports; but the number
is unnecessarily large, and the present mode of
distribution fads to secure the object contem-
plated.
I have said that the Thirty-Third Congress com-
menced the publication of books in earnest; but I
would not be understood as reflecting upon the
members of that Congress. A combination of cir-
cumstances led to the increased printing. It ap-
peared to be necessary, in order to lay before tne
people the results of the various surveys and ex-
plorations which the officers of the Army and Navy
had been directed to make; and for which, in most
instances, appropriations had been made by pre-
ceding Congresses. Little good could have resulted
from our costly surveys and explorations, with-
out the publication of the valuable geographical
and scientific information collected by the officers
engaged in them. No one can object to the legit-
imate and necessary expense incurred in spread-
ing information among the jjeople.
The civilized world is moving onward. Undera
new and mighty impulse, our generation is ex-
tending the conquests of man over the islands of
the most distant oceans, and to almost every point
on the wide-spread continents. Seas and rivers,
heretofore unknown have been explored; national
barriers which have withstood the tide of centu-
ries, have been broken down by the resistless
spirit of the age; and whole empires have been
opened to commerce and civilization. Certainly,
no one can doubt the propriety of having writ-
ten and published the history of such achieve-
ments. And as their triumphs have been made
through Governmentappropriations, and by Gov-
ernment officers, it becomes the duty of Govern-
ment to spread the record before the people.
The people do not object to the publication of
necessary and valuable reports; the objection is
