774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
immense amount of property—an embryo city, a
port, of entry, numerous villages, and valuable
Government improvements—and in which Judge
Watrous's conduct was charged to have been
fraudulent and corrupt,) a branch bank is estab-
lished at Brownsville, which is included in the
Cavazos grant. Of this branch bank, Reynolds,
one of the land company, and its active agent, is
appointed manager, or president. He appears to
have entered into these banking operations with
great spirit, judging from his letters in relation to
the affairs of the land company, in which he speaks
of importing " trunks full " of notes, and adverts
to the lands on the Rio Grande, where his bank
•was located, as " an empire worth fighting for."
I will read extracts from these letters, as they
throw light on the general suL*ject, which may be
instructive:
New York, November 14, 1847.
Dear Sin: * * * * The first plate is done,
and the second is under full way. We had a very pleasant
time when Klemm and McMillan were here. Mr. Wil-
liams, with whom you havo become acquainted, was here,
and we had a supper at Dehnonico's. Johnson was with
us,'also Lake and Judge Watrous. Mr. Lake is hunymg
like Jehu, and says^we must be off, so that you, Mc, ami I
ehall leave New Orleans by the 10th. I am not hali ready
to leave, but suppose I shall be tumbled off with a trunk full.
^ Yours truly, J. N. KEYN0LU3.
New York, May 6,1847.
My dear Sir : I shall endeavor to leave here for Phila-
delphia on Monday next. I am extremely anxious to see
you; and Mr. Phalen, the president of our association, has
business in Baltimore—he will leave on Saturday—so that
on ins return 'through your city we may all have an inter-
view together.
X send you u map of our survey on the Ttio Grande—an
empire worth fighting for. * * * *
J. N. REYNOLDS.
To O. F. Johnson, Esq.
It may be easily understood what service these
bubble banks might petform, or might be ex-
pected to perform, in furnishing resources of
power to the land company, and particularly in
a small community like that of Brownsville. No
exertion of power, or resort of ingenuity seems to
have been left untried by the conspnators to com-
pass their infamous ends.
A United States judge was secured as a confed-
erate; attorneys were imported into the country
to give vigor to the speculation; and banks were
established to subserve the ends of the conspiracy.
All the transactions of different members of the
company seem to have been u part of one stu-
pendous whole/' banded m one common design
of plunder; a rivalry seemed to exist as to who
should grasp the larger fortune in the land con-
troversies of Texas.
To convey some idea of the fearful magnitude
of the operations of tins land company, I may
state that it appears fiom the action of the Senate
of Texas on the subject, that they extended to
twenty-four million seven hundred and thirty-one
thousand seven hundred and sixty-four acres of
land, besides being implicated in the proceeds of.
otherinterests of immense value, I shall presently
allude to.
To give some idea of the confidence which ap-
pears to have animated this vast conspiracy, I
may here introduce a letter in which Reynolds,
one of the principal financial conductors, proposes
to another member of the conspiracy, to have
still another judicial district cieaied " in the glo-
rious country their locations covered," and to
secure the appointment of judge there. It seems
that these parties were not satisfied with having
enlisted the services of one Pedeial judge to pro-
mote the ends of their conspiracy; the}'' were
anxious to perfect their oi 'anization by securing
the appointment of still another judge in their
interest, to share the labors of his honor John
Charles Watrous. I will read the brief but in-
teresting disclosures made in the letter I have
alluded to. Heie it is:
Branch of the Commercial and Agkicui/icral Bank
of Texas, at Brownsville, December 11, IS.'iO.
Mv dear Johnson : * "* * You have
seen the leport recently published in the ,f Republic" of the
glonous country our locations cover. I tlnn ft you can gam i
U ; and then get a law passed for a now United State* di^-
tnct. and take the appointment. I would go on at the heel
of the session, and log ioll i'oi you if necessary.
Yours tiuly, J. NT. REYNOLDS.
The members of the company seem to have a
great aptitude for " log rolling," and the disrepu-
table appliances of the lobby. They must have
considered themselves very potential in this re-
spect, to judge from the frequent, propositions of
the kind. They had supreme confidence in them-
selves; and their continued successes seem to
have inspired the belief, that there was naught
too difficult or too high for spirits like theirs to
dare.
As a further instance of the determined courage
of these honest gentlemen and their resolves to
do or die, I am tempted here to give one other
extract of a letter from Reynolds to Johnson,
written at New York. It suggests, too, the des-
perate character of the enterprise for which the
writer required men of " nerve" to adventure in
the boat now floating down the stream of saccess,
but which might at any time be dashed upon the
rocks. He writes as follows:
New York, May 4, 1847.
My dear Sir: * * * * We play for em-
pire, and will see it to the end. If you find any of your
moneyed friends who have the nerve to go into this boat
with us,at this stage of our voyage, I will give them an in-
terest on the mo^t favorable terms As to the value of thw
lands there can be no doubt. Does the Judge talk of com-
ing North ? Yours truly, J. N. REYNOLDS.
O. F. Johnson, Esq.
From the point to which I have now reached,
in the narration of fact3 as to the organization,
the objcct, and the means of this company, the
lystory becomes more interesting, inasmuch as it
directly involves the acts of Judge Watrous, and
exposes, over their own signature, in letters, the
shameless schemes of the members of the com-
pany, to corrupt the courts of the United States.
The first movement of the parties in the court
seems to have been the institution of a made-up
suit, to test the question how far the fraudulent
land certificates might be validated on the action
of the courts. The suit was brought in Judge
Watrous's court, by Phalen, a citizen of New
York, against Herman, a citizen of Texas, on a
promissory note for $3,000, dated 5th July, 1846,
at ninety days.
The inspection of the correspondence of the
land company, betrays the fact that this man
Phalen was the president of that company, and a
confederate of Judge Watrous.
The defense was, that the note was given for
a fraudulent, and therefore worthless, land certifi-
cate.
The petition in the suit was filed on the 21st of
January,1817.
The answer was filed on the of the same
month.
The transfer to New Orleans, on application of
the plaintiff, was made on the next day after, the
23d. Thus, in less than seventy-two hours from
the institution of the suit, it was transferred to
New Orleans, on application of the plaintiff. All
this was done out of term time.
The transcript was filed there (New Orleans)
on the 111ii of February. The trial was com-
menced on the 10th of that month; and the case
was finally submitted, for decision, on the 23dof
March.
Thus we see, that in sixty-odd days from the
filing of the petition, the case was put at isgTm,
transferred, tried, and submitted. It appears that
in the pleadings at New Orleans, it was admitted
by the plaintiif that the certificate which he (Pha-
len) had sold to Herman for $3,000, was o. fraud-
ulent one, issued to a fictitious person.
It appears, moreover, that Judge Watrous had
informed one of his confederates in the land as-
sociation (Reynolds) of the transfer of the suit re-
ferred to, actually before it had been commenced
in his court! In a letter from Reynolds to John-
son, dated the 10th of February, 1847, he says:
Judge Watrous inform1' mc,by Icttei of 19th ultimo, that
you were to leave the next day. fioin Galveston, for New Or-
leans, in charge of our land ease, with the view of bringing
il boioie the cneuit court of that district.%>
This information was given on the 19th of Jan-
uary; the suit was not even instituted until the
21st of that month.
I will now read some of the correspondence in
my possession,'that passed between members of
the land company touching the conduct of this
suit:
New York, February 10, 1847.
Dear Sir: Judge Watrous informs me, by letter of the
19th ultimo, that you were to leave the next day, from Gal-
veston for New Oilcans, 111 charge of our land case, with
the view of bringing it before the circuit court of that dis-
trict. And I hear, from Major Holman,.that you were daily
expected m Philadelphia. I write, therefore, at present,
merely to say, that if you are in New Orleans, that I have
caused Mr. Grimes to be written to by one of our associates,
and that he will join you iri tho cause, i am very anxious
to have your views briefly on the prospect; and if you will
keep me advised of its progiess, it will lay me under ari
obligation I shall take pleasure in requiting. -In my judg-
ment, the least possible notoriety should attend the case in
New Orleans, no matter what the result may be. . Nor do I
think it was the best policy to have pressed the'eourts of
Texas. They may be easily made to follow the law, while
they have not the nerve to pronounce it.
You will please call on Mr. Grimes. Let me hear from
you.
Yours truly, . J. N. REYNOLDS.
Ovid F. Johnson, Esq.
New York, May 22, 1847.
My dear Sir: Can you not contrive, through Jennings,
of New Orleans, to get at the judge's opinion. His mind
mu^tere this have been made up. Tell Jennings to g<;t it
out of the clerk of the district or of the circuit court. Tell
him that you must have it for rne in advance of the mail.
Do your best to have the decision go off quietly in Neu> Or-
leans. ±d$ Jennings is now interested, tell him he must
work to our hands. All this you can do from your acquaint-
ance with him. You may promise him your influence as
to the future, and it will not be less potential than the Duke,
t would give anything to know iu this moment, as t could
o much better shape my action with Mr. M. Indeed, if wo
get a favorable opinion, and have the news in advance, I
shall go by lightning to Texas.
J. N. REYNOLDS,
Ovid F. Johnson, E:&q.
Tho declarations of these letters perhaps sur-
pass anything ever seen in a correspondence of
this nature, in shameless effrontery, and the be-
trayal of corrupt intentions. It is openly advised
that "the best should be dorle to have the decis-
ion go off quietly in New Orleans;" that " the least
possible notoiiety should attend tho case." It is
recommended that dishonorable influences should
be used with the officers of the court there; and
it is admitted that they had been made interested
m the case. Not satisfied with the part he had
already taken in the making up and direction of
this suit, but rivaling his confederates in the steps
taken towards influencing officers of the court, we
find Judge Watrous leaving his court at Galves-
ton to attend the court at New Orleans during the
progress of the suit; thus giving an influence to
his views and interests by his presence and coun-
tenance.
On the 30th of June, 1847, a decision was given
in the case of Phalen vs. Herman, in the court of
New Orleans, in favor-of the plaintiff, declaring
the fraudulent certificate sued on to be valid, and
giving judgment for $3,000. Here the curtain
drops in New Orleans; but without a day's inter-
mission rises again in continuation of the plot in
Texas.
With reference to this Phalen suit, we find the
following judgment expressed in a series of res-
olutions passed in August, 1856, by the Senate of
Texas, but at too late a day in the session to ob-
tain the action of the other legislative House:
"'Said judge [Watrous] is guilty of obtaining and attempt-
ing. by contriving arid carrying on a made-up suit in his own
court, to validate in the same over twelve hundred fraud-
ulent land certificates, claimed by himself and Ins'com-
peers,' arid of a clash—in all the enormous amount of
twentv-fourmdhon three hundred and thirty one thousand
seven'hundred and sixty-four acre;-—of fraudulent certifi-
cates, thereby attempting to deprive his country of a vast
domain, besides causing the State the cost of additional
counsel in defending herself against such enormous pre-
concerted spoliations; and, on discovery of his interest in
said class of ceitifieatesi being made, stiul judge transferred
said suit for determination to the United Slates court in
another State, after shaping the case and influencing lhat
court m such a manner as to obtain his desired judgment."
It will be observed from what I have stated of
the sudden translation of the conspiracy from New
Orleans to Texas, that there is no pause in the
progress of the drama; the scenes are shifted with
almost incredibleswiftness;and when the interest
might seem to flag, we find a new character intro-
duced into the drama to challenge our admiration
of the versatility and resources of the plotters.
Thus we find, on the very day of the rendering*
judgment in the Phalen suit at New Orleans,
Thomas M. League, a new character in the play,
but sufficiently well known as a partner of Judge
Watrous in his land speculations, and an ally
in all his enterprises, intervenes and institutes a
suit in the State court of Texas, as the transferee
of the identical fraudulent certificate that had been
declared valid in the United States district court
at New Orleans. This Mr. League will be found
to be a conspicuous party throughout the whole
system of fraud dealt out through Judge Wat-
rous's court. In a resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of Texas in 1856, just referred to, his con-
