1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
nection with the judge is pointedly alluded to;
and it is stated:
That it is believed bvmanygood citizensthatsaid Wat-
rous, m connection with Thomas M. League and other
compeers, are directly or indirectly interested in most of the
important suits tfrought in Ins coilrt."
It wiU be well to keep an eye on this Mr.
League, and to note his association with the en-
terprise of the fraudulent certificates, for there
will hereafter be shown his connection with other
and later schemes of judicial fraud carried out
through the machinery of Judge Watrous's court.
It would appear,from the evidence taken before
the committee of the House, in the investigation
into Judge Watrous's conduct, an attempt is made
to have it appear that League's connection with
him dated from the inception of the Lapsley
frauds, in 1850; but here we have the fact to note
of his previous connection with the judge's land
speculations •, and find him in 1647 at the head
and front of the nefarious land certificate conspi-
racy. His connection with Watrous was a gen-
eral one, and contracted with a common design,
whenever and wherever opportunity offered.
The objcct of tins suit, instituted by League,
was to compel the surveyor to survey the land
called for in the certificate. Thus we have the
case brought into the State court, backed by the
authority of a precedent decision declaring this
fraudulent certificate valid. The manner of thus
bringing it may be explained by that passage in
the letter of Reynolds in which he says:
" Nor do I think it was the best policy to have pressed
the courts of Texas. They may be easily made to follow
the law; while they have hot the nerve to pionounce it."
The ease was decided in Galveston, the court
sustaining the surveyor in his refusal to survey
under such certificate; whereupon an appeal was
taken to the supreme court of the State, at Austin.
Kow to exhibit more fully the connection of
Judge Watrous with those suits, and with the
general affairs of the land company, I will here
read a letter which appears to have been addressed
by William G. Hale, on the subject of this case,
on the 14th of March, 1847, to Judge Watrous,
who was then at New Orleans, being the same
time when the Phalen suit was pending there.
Austin, March 14,18-17.
My dear Friend : I have wntten several letters, to you
at Galveston, which youi trip to New Oilcans lias probably
prevented from reaching vou. Thev continued some pai-
ticuhun which it b important for jou to know, and I will
buefly recapitulate them.
Our tcf>e was docketed No. 504, noarjy at the heel now,
although some new appeals have come up.* As thecouitis
going over the docket regularly, and ha? about reached No.
230, it would be some time be'tore we could 11U a hearing;
but wo cxpect to buns it m during the absence of the law-
yer, here, on the spring cncuit. Hemphill speaks ol taking
a vacation in his turn. You will find more about it m my
otiiei letteis. Wc have been looking over the case caie-
fully, and have, we think, discovered some nev> points.
Colonel «fiom Nacogdoches, was here a shoit tune
ago, and being connected, through some business, wuh
Colonel  j communicated to us rcvckU startling pieces
ol intelligence. He s-aAs Miner ha* been ruling about his
part ot the country, endeavoring publicly to buy up the cei-
tilicates, but the huge lioldiif, being gpncially mcnof^ome
respectability, would not associate with him. or h-ten to
Ins offers ; that he was thus compelled to traffic with the
lowest class of bar-room vagabonds, who pulmi-d off upon
him/or^erf and duplicate certificates, and boasted openly of
cheating him m all the <kgrog<reries."
This may, or may not, be correct; Miner, not the seller,
may have been the cheater; but it shows the necessity of
additional caution, and coupled with his former conduct
furnishes, peihaps, a good ground for restraining him in ins
course. * ****** * >-
Colonel Ward refuses to patent islands. A mandamus
will be necessary.
I have inspected the titles on the Nucces, and will have
an opinion ieady. "* +. ***■>■ *
We have had a long interview with Mr. Iledgcoxe, the
agent of Peters colony, and are arranging matteis.
Ever yours, WILLIAM O. HALE,
lion. Joh>* C. Watrous, New Orleans, Louisiana.
I ask the particular attention of honorable Sen-
ators to the terms and expressions of this letter;
the trading with " bar-room vagabond*'*" the like-
lihood of the sellers of these certificates having
been " cheated" in the trade; and the chuckling
tone of congratulation in the assertion of the prob-
ability of "Miner being the cheater,not the seller
It is to be recollected that this letter was to Judge
Watrous himself. It was about "our case."
Here is the letter of the (i dear friend,^thc coun-
selor, the agent to a United States district and
circuit judge, informing him of trades made for
his(thejudge's) benefit, with drunken vagabonds,
and chuckling over the cheats thought to be im-
posed upon the dirty and miserable bar-room
gangs with whom it was found necessary to carry
on their criminal commerce. Here is the prin-
cipal, Judge Watrous, judge of a Federal court,
adopting the acts of this smart agent, participat-
ing in the low swindling of bar-room vagabonds,
and through the letters of his agent communing
with-himself, and congratulating himself on the
fruits of the lowest and most debased exploits of
fraud.
It must be recollected, too, that this commerce
in land certificates, openly treated of between
Judge Watrous and his agent, was in violation of
a law, of a highly penal character, punishing the
offender with the infamy and pam of thirty-nine
public stripes on the bare back.
Here also is another letter, which I will read,
from the same William G. Hah1 to 0. F. John-
son, directly indicating Judge Watrous'a active
connection with the suits referred to, and with
the procurement of fraudulent land certificates:
Galveston, JnLj 5, 18-17.
my dear Silt: Colonel , Judge Watrous,and my-
self, received the "legal papers"'and your lettei. Judge
Norton happened by the merest good lortune to be here at
the time, and Trueheart also ; so the whole matter wasar-
langed heie, and by a tup to Houston.
We alteied the petitions m.ueuallv, owing to roruiv rea-
sons which have sprung up since you left. Judge Watrous
will explain them to you at length. All the papers were sent
to San Antonio by Colonel Wilson, a p.utner oi Trtiehcart,
who pledged himself to have them filed by the 20th of last
month. That directions should be sent from New York on
the 1st of June, and in a matter ot such difficulty, and be
executed at San Antonio on the :25th, is one of those lucky
chances which rarely happen.
I have received several letteis from the tiustees of the
Peters A'Sociation, and have written to them explaining
some nritteid. What airangemenl did you make with them
as to ices.; and will they advance an\thin„: ?
Our other matters icmam in static quo. Tnc Stafford cased
have given us muHi trouble, hut wv -half get out the at-
tachments in a tew days. We may. however, have to prom-
ise the sheritl.as an incentive, the which, j-ou \\ rote
u.-*. the bank- agiee to advance nv e\pen-e«.
Judge Tolei i- quite anxious about the lk (Jumt claims."'
Tlx1 ptpeu ni Ifolman's hand* ( hope jou will he able to
proeme The original eciti(K.ite<- o! the1'taut. nmety-se\ en
m number, have been pist lound anion" Judg^ W.'s papi is.
Toler said he would be at the Tuuth this summer. A. Al-
len ha- already (rone on. f siippo-e \ou Inive seen fnm. lie
will give )uu ^omo tioubJe in ani'tiging thi- matter.
x*** * * * * x
Judgc Watious will he in NewYoik about the first of
Augu «t. He has been detaimd heie by biwie^.
Veiy truly, yours, U7LLfAM G. HALE.
The papers referred to in the above loiter, as
sent to San Antonio, by Colonel Wilson, were
fraudulent land certificates, exceeding one million
acres, besides an indefinite number which Hale,
ifi his instructions to Wilson, designates as" JNo.
2, a hst of those m the hamb of Miner," the
agent referred to in tho letter fiom Hale to Wat-
rous, as dealing wuli bat-mom \agabonds, and
cheating them fot the benefit <<f his principal.
I may here introduce another letter from Hale
to Johnson, showing the prosecution of the de-
signs of tiie conspirators, rs dealing in these fraud-
ulent ceitificntes in defiance of the penal statute,
showing also the great estimation of the advant-
age of having these certificates put into a com-
pany stock, and managed" by Judge Watrous
and his confederates; for to secure this advantage,
one hundred and fifty thousand out of three hun-
dred thousand acies is offered as a premium:
Ai/bUN, Fthrwirv 24, 1847.
My di*aii Sir: * * + * Colonel  
met here with an old acquaintance. Colonel . and,
what i* mote to the put pose, a I arse landholder in the
Urist. Tniough some fonu^r bu-nie--s connettions with
him. wa* able to persuade him to an airangemenl
most advanhfeou- to us. holds about sixty ot the
tcjected--dh 1 call them not fiauduleut! and think-, he can
secure a- man} more., lie is willing to pive u< halt in order
to have the wtheis put into the company stock, and located
and managed with the rest; mo>t kuidly oflVied to divide
with us, -o' that, tin- ai ang<m) nt will secure us about thirty
more league*, or one hundred and fiftv thou<and acres con-
tiny,ently.  ha^ gone home now to obtain them, fie
speaks in the most disiespeettul terms of Mmui and his
management.
Miner is here, and going to San Antonia. I have, most
strange!}« received no letter yet from Judge Wa'iou-* ic-
ppecung the final settlement with the *• I as ic fehtfw." nor
the -uivey and the engagement of ilay, but I expect one
daily. Miner's presence will complicate matters:, I am
atraid. * * * * * - ^ * *
WJLLIAM Cr. HALE.
' The expression of thisletterah! call them not
fraudulent" is curious for its flippant irony, it
reminds one of the same self-complacency with
which, in a formerly quoted letter, he opines his
agent, Miner, to be "the cheater, not the seller."
To return to the history of the case which Mr.
Leaaue had taken m hand: ot the December term
of the Supreme Court of the United States, judg-
ment was rendered, affirming the judgment of tHe
supreme court of Texas, declaring the certificate
invalid and void.
It might have been supposed that after the
judgment of the supreme court of Texas, tlft high
court of appeals, and, finally, after the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, against
the validity of the certificate, further efforts on the
part of the company would have been hopeless.
But what vitality, what ramifications, what re-
sources, must they have possessed, when we find
them daring, at the last, as 1 shall show, to an-
ticipate exerting an influence on the United States
Supreme Court itself! This, certainly, was a
fitting climax to audacity and assertion of power.
Thus we find this branch of the scheme of the
conspirators expiring with an adventurous and
desperate effort to retrieve their fortunes by im-
proper influences with the courts; the last effort
still characteristic, and still significant of the com-
prehensive grasp and connections of this most
extraordinary combination.
As exposing the honest proposition of exerting*
an influence on the Supreme Court of the United
States, I will here read from a letter from Mr.
Joseph L. Williams on this subject, to whom, it
appears, was and is allotted the Washington
.branch of the company's operations:
Washington City, Kovcmber 1,1831.
Dear Sir: * * * * Y«wr suggestions as
to the proper course for oar party to pursue, m respect to ,
ihe Salt Lake, commanded, as they still do, my most earn-
est attention. Not doubting ihntyou have mo*t thoroughly
viewed this trian^ulai title—not hearing i'rorn Mr, Reynolds
on this point,andui'comve unadvised ot'hupeculiarviews
in detail, in relation Uieieto— I must say that I most fully
cuncm in your view.-, of our best policy. Tune is on the
wing. A lew year- nioie, and Mi. Revnolds and I border
on "the sere and yellow leaf." Of immense value, the
piopeiiy admits of a \eiy long d  vision. A piotiacted liti-
gation. m que-^t ol the lum'.-s share, divers us virtually of
all, and secures ^OHjethmg oniy to our legal representa-
tives Dion vivimus. vioctiHw,. "So say X. Of our party,
Mr Reynolds holds the rnapn jnteie^t; perhaps neaWy all.
Compared to his, my riuht is small. Thus, J feel some del-
icacy in obtruding any eouclti ion of mine against any de-
hbeiafe.judgmeiit of his. I have the utmost confidence m
hit'judgment and discretion.
f am also dire that all that em be composed by energy
and pnr-eveiance. ite [Reynolds] will accompii&h. And
yet, he may be impelled hv the nvalrv to evade an obsolete
title on the one hand and a fraudulent one on the other,
bueked, a-s u is. hv the petjuied tv ranl> ot a petty arid venal
Ijpfjislatuie. Hence, you will oblige me by assuring our
old friend Reynolds that while, under the peculiar cncum-
stanccs, I venture my imtc of advice m confirmation of
yours, with due. deference to him, 1 yet offer u most U£~
gently. Please, therefore, show him this letter. As he is
of course familiar with all the positions stated in your let-
tei. thev need not be detailed m tlin paper. My health,
though, lai hettei than when I saw you here, nnderso many
months of the care of Dr. Franci-, of New York, is still by
no means re'iable. If tins thins* can be made available
•luiins the short life I have yet probably before me, I am
very anxious to see that result.
I lind much of your matter of reliance in the big in
Bibb's Reports. This casually led me. the other day, to
bring the ca^e to the nonce of . He seems perfectly
familiar with every precedent and doctiihe applicable to
thi> case, and us whole chws, and ho says it is quite im-
possible for the Supreme Couit, on deliberate review and
con^uleiation. to abandon right, reason, and customary law,
on account of one casual act of stultification at the last
term- J 9hull not omti ihe part of striker with certain mem-
ber? of the court, which I told you, J would see to. I am
already here for the purpose. I will persuade Catron, of
Tennessee, to laha the caie under his espenal charge.
*****♦-*•***•
JOSKPIIJL. WILLIAMS.
It has been shown, incontestable*, that Judge
! Watrous was a member of the conspiracy, in the
| furtherance of whose designs Williams was act-
! ing. The part assumed by tins man as <£ striker"
j with certain members of the Supreme Court, was,
to all intents and purposes, the act of Judge
! Watrous himself. He (the judge) was respons-
ible for the acts of his confederates, having en-
tered into a conspiracy with them for thnirmutual
profit, and with a common design. Such is the
rule of evidence. Such is ihe irresistible con-
clusion to be made in cases of this nature, accord-
' ing to the authority which I will he^e read, from
! the great, and universally admitted text-book oa
i thu subject of evidence, which is no doubt famil-
| iar to honorable Senators:
| « The evidence in proof of a conspiracy will, generally,
fiont the nature of the ca^e, he circumstantial. Though tno
' common de-ign is the essence of the charge, it is not nc-
I ce.-sary to prove that the defendants came together and act-
j nally agreed in terms, to have that design, and to pui&ue
it by common means. If it be proved that the defendants!
| pill sued by thcr oets the same objrcl, ohen by the same
j means, one performing one part, ami another another part
; of the name, so to complete it, with a view to tne attain-
j went of that same object, the juty will be justified in the
■ conclusion that they wore eugj%c<i m a con?puafcy to U-
