776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
feet that object. Nor is it necessary to piove that the con-
epivaey originated with the defendants, or that they met
during the process of its concoction; for eveiy person en-
tering into a conspiracy or common design already lormed,
is deemed m law ayccrly to all acts done by any of the other
parties, before or afterwards, in furtherance of the common
design —3 Greenleaf, sec. 93.
This rule for determining the responsibility of
Judge Watrous, I would have borne in mind,as
I shall proceed to develop the acts of the different
conspirators in the prosecution of their common
schemes of fraud.
What state of things could exist, or can be
imagined, that would more loudly and imperious-
ly call for resolutions such as were passed by the
Legislature of Texas, in the name of an outraged
people, against the judicial plunderer and con-
spirator, who was aiming to coin las fortunes by
forgery and fraud the most stupendous ? A copy
of these resolutions I beg to submit here for the
consideration of honorable Senators:
Joint Resolution.
Whereas it is believed that John C. Watrous, judge of
fiie United States distuet comt for the district of Texas,
fias, while seeking that importantposmon, given legal opin-
ions in causes and questions to be litigated hereafter, in
which the interests of individuals and ot the State are im-
mensely 111 voKved> whereby it is behoved he ho<s disqualified
the couit in which he presides fiom tiymg Mich questions
and causes, thereby rendering it necessary to transfer an in-
definite and unknown number of suits hereafter to be com-
menced to courts out of the State for trial; and wheieas it
is also believed that the said John C. Watrous lias, while
in office, aided and assisted eeitain individuals, if not di-
rectly interested himself, in an attempt to fatten upon tins
State one of the most stupendous ft amis ever practiced upon
any countiy or any people, the effect of which would be to
TOb Texas of millions of nci.es of her public domain, her only
hope or resource for the payment ot her public debt; and
whereas his conduct m court and elsewhere, in detonation
of ills duty as a judge, has been maiked by such piejudice
and injustice towards the lights of the State, and diveis of
its citizens, as to show that he docs not deserve the high
station he occupies : Theicfoie,
Be itresolvedhitheLp^islaturenflhc State of Tcras^ That
fho pai'd Jolm C." Watiou* be, and he is htuebj , lerpiested,
in behalf of the people of the ytatc, to lOMgn Iin olhce of
judi*c of said United States couit tor the di>tnct of Tcxa^.
Sro. 9. He it. further resoli c<1, That tile <>ovi t nor foiwaul
the said John C.Watious, under the seal of the State, a eopy
of the foiegomg preamble and resolution; also, a copy to
each of oui Senators and ltepicsentative  m the Congress
of the rimted States
Approved, March 20,1848.
An absurd and abortive attempt has been made
J>y Judge Watrous, and some of his especial ad-
vocates, to explain the feeling that prompted the
passage of these resolutions, in the fact that he
nad given an unpopular decision on the statute of
limitations. Indeed, Judge Watrous in his printed
answer to the charges assigned against him,
adopts this preposterous assertion as his principal
defense, and appears'to suggest, thai, instead of
himself being the criminal, the people of Texas
are so dishonest and depraved, that the standards
of morality he has adopted in his court, arc too
high for them to appreciate and conform to. The
falsehood of this, 'is only exceeded by the ob-
liquity of the shamolerss man who utters it. in
making such a statement in his answer, he#knew
that he was stating what was untrue in fact, and
false in spirit. And further, 1 shall prove that he
not only stated what wu.i untrue, but was con-
strained to convict himself of it before the com-
mittee that inquired into his conduct.
In his answer to what I have reference, Judge
Watrous has the effrontery to assort that his
ruling in the case of the Union Dank vs. Stafford,
on the statute of limitations, brought upon him the
censure and denunciation conveyed in the resolu-
tions of the Legislature. This was woise than
puerility, for it proved to be utterly untrue. The
Stafford suit was not e\en instituted until some
months after the resolutions had been passed by
the Legislature.
This essentialYact Judge Watrous thought to
suppress; but when the committee called for wit-
nesses from Texas, and he had reason to suppose
that his falsehood would be detected, he was then
fain to acknowledge it, and to make the humilia-
ting and self-convicting request of the committee
to withdraw his answer, committing him to the
falsehood, from the files, so that lu- might sup-
press the public evidence of his infamy, <U least
in this particular.
In 1852, the matter of the judgenefaiious deal-
ings in fraudulent land certificates, was brought
to the attention of Congress, and this charge
among other matters of crimination, was assigned
against the judge, in a memorial of William Alex-
ander, a citizen of Texas. Only three witnesses,
however, out of twenty-one asked for by the pros-
ecution, were sent for, and not any single one
of the specifications pending against the judge.
The committee reported the evidence insufficient;
the House failed to act in any way on the matter,
and the facts, therefore, of the case, remained un-
developed and occult,-and the justice of it unvin-
dicated.
The Legislature of Texas, at its last session,
instructed the Representatives of that State to
urge the trial of Judge Watrous on all the charges
against him; and in obedience to these instruc-
tions, the Hon. Mr. Reagan, who, in part, repre-
sents the State in the other branch of Congress,
had the memorial of Mr. Alexander taken from
the files, and referred to the Judiciary Committee
for investigation. Mr. Reagan urged an investi-
gation of the charges contained in that memorial,
and m his speech in the House on that subject,
states:
I also offered to the committee to make the charge
against Judsre Watrous, that he had sold three fraudulent
league certificates to a gentleman by the name of Lowe, ol
Illinois, for about  i.v thousand dollars, when he knew the
cemlicates to be haudulent, void, and worthless; and
when, by the laws of Texas, to sell such certificates was a
curac of the guide of torgery, and punishable with the most
ignominious penalties. And I proposed to prove this charge
by a part of a recoid which 1 had ftom the distiict court for
Galveston county, Te.xas, and by the testimony of gentle-
men who were then here as witnesses in this ca3e from
Texas.
U15ut Judge "Watrous resisted my right to make these
chfiigcs. and the committee felt Ihenibclve^ bound by the
action of the House on the Alexander memonal. as thes-e
were a Dart of the chaises contained m that memo) nil, and ,
declined to heai the chaige^. 1 then gave notice to Judge
Watioun,and his counsel. Genera! Cu>hmg, that when tiie
Hoiw) came to act on the icport of the committee 1 should
bung these things to the attention of the IIou->e, ho that if,
bv hk h means, lie tnould elude a tual and escape justice,
the Repic.sentatives of the people, and rne people of the na-
tion, through our proceedings, bhould know how it was
done.
Here I might rest on the proofs already submit-
ted of Judge Watrous's deep and dire offenses in
connection with the land company, to the exten-
sive operations of which I have but briefly re-
let red. Thit I conceive that the just interests of my
State, and those of some of her most valued citi-
zens, who have been injured, misrepresented,and
betrayed by the machinations of this conspiracy,
require that I should extend the narrative to other
principal facts.
1 have already made brief allusion to the opera-
tions and designs of the conspiracy m the direc-
tion of the Rio Grande. This branehof the spec-
ulation deserves, on account of its great import-
ance, a fuller development of the facts connccted
with it.
The Cavazos grant was one of immense value,
and constituted a tempting prize to the grasping
and rapacious spirit or these land speculators with
whom Judge Watrous was actively connected. It
lies about sixty miles on the Rio Grande; about
forty miles on the Onlf of Mexico, and the La-
gnna Madrie; and about sixty miles on the Sal
Colorado. It contains about two hundred and
fifty thousand acres of land. It embraces within
its limits, as claimed by Cavazos, the town or city
of Brownsville; also, Point Isabel, which is the
site of the custom-house, and the port of entry,
for the Rio Grande country; besides numerous
villages or ranches, and also valuable Government
sites and improvements. With the expectation of
occupying the upper portion of the Rio Grande
country," an empire worth lighting for," it was
; necessary for the company to have this coast-out-
j| Jet to complete their gigantic scheme. Point Isa-
! | bed was the only coast-outlet for the great salt lake
,i of Texas, that lay within sixty miles of it, and that
j, constituted an inexhaustible source of wealth.
;; This groat principality that commanded the outlet
i] of the Rio Grande country, and that so abounded
'] in all the elements of wealth, was reputed to be
j| owned by some eight Mexican families.
jj The salt lake I have referred to was another
; grand prize, which the land company was seek-
,, mg to grasp through the aid of Judge Watrous.
!! I shai! presently show how this under-pfct, too,
.j was conceded and conducted in the progress of
the sweeping and overwhelming designs of the
|' vast combination.
'! Returning, however, to Galveston, to watch the
' progress of these honest gentry, with refeience to
11 the Cavazos grant, we find John Treanor and
j; William G. Hale meeting there. It appears they
  there concoct a suit, This suit is represented by
John Treanor, as the agent of all the Mexican fam-
ilies, or parties represented to be owners of the
Cavazos grant. It is instituted by Allen and Hale;
and the allegations of the complaint are verified
by the affidavit of John Treanor, claiming to be
agept as aforesaid. This man Treanor appears
to be a notorious person in the district of the Rio
Grande, to judge from the testimony of Brevet
Major W. W. Chapman, of the'Army, when sta-
tioned at Port Brown, who briefly describes him
in a public official letter, as " a man without char-
acter or standing in the community." Sufficient
indications of his character, however, are given
in the part assumed by him and his confederate,
Hale, m this Cavazos case. It appears from tlie
record of this case, that at least five of the Mexi-
can families or parties claimed to be represented,
had never given any authority whatever for the
institution of the suit; and as to one of the five,
Treanor himself was constrained to admit that his
interest was diametrically opposed to the claim,
for the establishment of which he had been made a
party plaintiff. Here, then,in the very inception
of the suit, we seeYraud prominently and boldly
standing out. in the whole progress of the suit,
too, we remark John Treanor and William Gr.
Hale as the managers throughout. Their numer-
ous affidavits suppoit the case to the end. In no
part of the proceedings do we find the complain-
ants acting or participating. It is Treanor, the
man li without character or standing," and Wil-
liam G. Hale, the agent and attorney of the land .
company, I have been referring to, the intimate
friend of Judge Watrous.
It appears, moreover, that for purposes of col-
lusion, it was managed that Hale and Johnson,
the two lawyers imported for purposes already
referred to, should take opposite sides. Further
than this, and to still greater outrage to justice, it
appears from the record that James N. Reynolds,
a member of this New York land company, is
appointed by Judge Watrous United States com-
missioner at Brownsville, to take testimony. Thus
the company, or its members, were represented
by their agents and attorneys, who act as coun-
sel on different sides of the case, and by Rey-
nolds, the active manager of their affairs, who, as
United States commissioner, took the puncipal
testimony for the defense, which it evidently ap-
pears to have been the object of the company to
defeat.
The fact of collusion, the committee of investi-
gation in the Thirty-Fourth Co-ngress have de-
termined unanimously, and in passing judgment
upon which, they say:
"In the case of Cavazos etal., vs. Stillman et al.} the
record affords sufficient evidence to satisiythe committee
tli.it there was collusion between the solicitors for the com-
plainants and a part of the bohcitot.s for the defendants,and
that a part of the defendants, oi one of th<>in at least, Jacob
I\Iu:-:?nia, was definuded and betiayed by j-uch collusion.
They would fmther -state, that there is evidence to satisfy
them that a part of the defendants wete concerned m the
convpiiucy, and that the judge ot the court knew of the col-
lusion duung the pendency of the suit."
I may also suggest here, that it will be found
profitable to fix attention upon the man Treanor,
as hereafter he will be found figuring in another
important matter in active connection with Judge
Watrous.
I am disinclined to trespass upon the time of the
Senate, by following this Cavazos case through its
tortuous progress, and to its final acts of injustice
and oppression. "What little I have said of the
patent fraud, ui its inception and management, will
prepare the minds of honoiabie Senators to under-
stand the conclusions arrived at by the commit-
tees of investigation in the HouoC, as to the con-
summation of the conspiracy and fraud by the
wrongful decisions of Judge Watrous on the side
of his confederates, Hale and Treanor.
The committee of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
conclude their report by saying:
" The committee have examined numerous records, con-
sisting of pleadings, ordeis of couit, affidavits and deposi-
tions, and aft.er a patienr and laborious research, they have
reluctantly come to the conclusion that the conduct of Judge
Watrous, in the cases above referred to. cannot he explained
without supposing that he was actuatt d by other than up-
light and just motives; that m his dnregasd of the well-
| (siabhi-hed iule  ot law and evidence, lie lias put in jeop-
J mdy and baeufied the lights ofhngants.''"
J In the present Congress, wo have a report from
] a moiety of the Judiciary Committee; which, on
j the Cavazos branch of the case, presents the foN
i lowing summary and well-sustained judgment:
j " Every nregular or wronglu! decision of the judge was
