1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
It is not my'desire simply to urge a reduction
in this expenditure; the whole system is wrong,
anil should be dispensed with. No fault can be
found with the manner in which this work is
done; the reporting is perfect,and it reflects great
credit "upon the gentleman who does it; but so
great an expense is unnecessary, and therefore,
in the present condition of the Treasury, is inex-
cusable. The work of retrenchment belongs to
Congress; notto the official reporterwho performs
his duty piomptly and well, and without any
other consideration than that provided by law;
and, in this connection, no fraud can be found.
The same language may be used respecting the j
performance of the Public Printer. Considering j
the large amount of work ordered, and the short ;
time generally allowed for its execution, it would
I think, be difficult to do it in better style. Hut
this does not justify the amount ordered by Con-
gress, nor is it any excuse for paying twice for
composition which is done once only. The pres-
ent Superintendent of Public Printing states in
his report, that at least $100,000 has been paid
for composition under these circumstances since
the passage of the act of 1852. For the payment
of this large sum of money there is no excuse,
•except the fact that it is authorized by law, un-
less it be this: that it is a small sum contributed
to the fund for the payment of the middle-men
•who manage, through the election of Public
Punter, to place themselves between those who
do the work and the Treasury.
After a careful examination of the whole sub-
ject of public printing, I am satisfied that the only
remedy for all these evils is the establishment of
a Government printing office or bureau, under the
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior. I
am not ignorant of the many and strong objec-
tions urged against this plan. Political favoritism
may creep in; nay, may take bold and strong
possession of the Government establishment-cor-
ruption may penetrate the best organized and
most skillfully guarded system; but could the
system of a Government establishment be worse
than the present? Is it possible for every avenue
leading to a Government establishment to be
thoroughly blocked up by middle-men—by these
unlawful tax-gatherers, who are equally the rum
of the contractor and the curse of the Govern-
ment ? 1 think not. The public would have the
piotection, at least, of one officer, selected for his
reputation and character, and under his super-
vision the present state of things could not exist.
The lesponsihihty of the subordinates would be
dnectmid immediate under the Government es-
tablishment; but this is not the case now. The
committees of Congress have not the time to su-
perintend the work, and it necessarily falls into
the hands of improper and irresponsible per-
sons.
These large interests, involving millions of dol-
lais during a Congress, require the time, atten-
tion, and ability of persons well acquainted with
printing, engrai ing, and lithographing. The com-
mittees of Congress may very properly report
upon the work to be done; but they require the
agency of efficient and faithful officers to superin-
tend its execution, and to limit the expenses. If
a system is not adopted m some measure like the
one reported by the select committee of last ses-
sion, the pubiic printing will continue to be the
source of fi aud and coiruptioii. It cannot be done
economically or safely under the present system.
Certain practices have become so inseparably con-
nected with the public printing and its adjuncts,
engtaving and hthogiaphmg, as now done, that
no political doctoring can remedy the evils. The
plan must be abolished; the constitution of the
patient must undergo a change; the whole frame-
woik must be remodeled befoie the disease can be
ietich<-d.
Gentlemen may, and undoubtedly many do,
consider this matter too small for serious consid-
eration. As compared to the wasteful and igno-
rant expenditure of money upon this Capitol, it
is small, I am free to admit. Other comparisons
might be made, in which its insignificance would
be^cqually apparent; but there is more than ex-
travagance in this system of public printing; the
expenditure of money, though by no means in-
significant, is the l^ast (if the evils to be consid-
ered. The demoralization, the corrupting influ-
ences which steadily flow out of the system, and !
which extend each year, and blight and ruin all '
they touch, cannot be estimated.
If a member should rise upon this floor and an-
nounce the fact that a foreign army was in the
act of invading our country, and that our liberties
and institutions were in imminent danger, there
would be but little, if any, debate on the necessi-
ty of repelling the invasion and of protecting our
institutions; yet we have reason to believe that an
army infinitely more fearful than all the armies
of Europe combined, is steadily at Work in eating
out our chief strength, our only reliable security
—the public virtue, the very foundation of oui**
republican institutions; while few and feeble ef-
forts only are made to crush the foe and protect
our institutions from the threatened danger.
Having tried to discharge my duty in this par-
ticular, I leave it in the hands of other gentlemen;
and I have no doubt that the time is not far dis-
tant when the necessity of a change will be appa-
rent to all. When this is the case, the country
will find that the proper remedy will be applied.
We have had abundant evidence during this ses-
sion that Congress is equal to the task, and that
it will neglect no important and necessary duty,
however unpleasant it may be.
acquisition of cuba.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Tuesday, February 15, 1859.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 497)
making appropriation to facilitate the acquisition
of the Island of Cuba by negotiation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I will,
as plainly and briefly as I can, state the views
which I entertain in relation to this impoitant and
interesting subject. The Island of Cuba has al-
ways been a subject of no little anxiety and in-
terest to this country. Lying immediately upon
the borders of our great continent, across the Gulf
of Mexico, and at the mouth of the Mississippi
river, it cannot be otherwise, in many points of
view, than a matter of great consequence to us.
It belongs, however, to another. It is the prop-
erty of Spain by every title that nations recog-
nize. It was among the first discoveries of her
great navigator, Columbus. There he hved and
there his remains repose. His life, his death, his
history, is a monument of her title. Desirable as
it has been regarded to the country, our anxiety
to possess it has never blinded us to her rights.
We have acknowledged, and we have declared,
over and over again, that, while it remains hers,
we never intended to question or disturb her in
the possession. Our policy, m regard to it, has
been as distinct as any policy which this Govern-
ment has avowed in relation to any subject what-
{ ever. We acknowledge that it is Spain's; we
! acquiesce in her possession; but it is far more
| important and desirable to us than it is even to
j her; and we desire to acquire it; but this we must
I insist upon, that she shall tiansfer it to no one but
| ourselves, and that we cannot, with a due regard
' to our own rights and our own interests, suiter it
! to go into the hands of another Power. That
, has been our policy. We have avowed it fa.iily
' and fiankly before the world. We have made
| known to Spam our wish to acquire it. Wehave,
■ perhaps, on more than one occasion, offered to
purchase the island. These offers have all been
i unavailing. With the pude which characterized
j that proud people, who remember their renown
j when they have lost almost all those imperii! pos-
1 sessions that gave that renown to them, they are
i loth to part with anything that canies with it The
! remembiance of the ancient days of their enipue
1 and their glory. They hold this island with
i Spanish tenacity, and we have not yet succeeded,
j The President now informs us that the time
! has come to renew our negotiations for the pur-
| chase. He desires to obtain it, in his own lan-
1 guage, by honorable negotiation; we would not,
if we could,have it on any oth<r terms. He rec-
ognizes again our acknowledgment of the title of
Spam, and her right to the possession. We de-
, sire to possess it ourselves, but we would not
j have it, (yays the President,) unless it can be ac-
quired by honorable negotiation, and with this
deSaration-, the President proposes to renew the
negotiation. Sir, I have no objection to that. The
President will pursue on this subject that course
which his own discretion and his own wisdom,
and the responsibility of his great office, may die*
tate to him. I am content that he should. In-
dependent of us, independent'of our legislation,
the President has a right to negotiate for this or
any other object with the Spanish Government.
He has a right, founded upon the Constitution,
not derivable from us or controllable by us, now
to negotiate; and if he can obtain from her, by
negotiation, a cession of the Island of Cuba, there
are few here, I think, who will not be prepared to
hail that acquisition with pleasure.
Sir, I desire to take my whole responsibility of
this great subject, and to express my opinions
thoroughly in regard to it. It is my duty to do
so; and here among my brother counselors to
give my counsel freely and independently, and
on my responsibility, before our common coun-
trymen. 1 say, let the President go on, if bis
judgment so dictates, in an attempt to negotiate
for the acquisition of Cuba. He will distinguish
his administration if he can make a suitable and
satisfactory treaty for its acquisition; but for
myself, I must confess I do not look upon his
success as probable. I look upon the time and
the season in which he is making the attempt, as
the most unpropitious that has occurred, or that
could easily occur, for his success. Look, for a
moment, at the condition of Spain. Is she m a
mood, is she in circumstances to afford us any
promise that now is the time and the present Ad-
ministration the Administration to which she is
willing to make the sale? When the annuncia-
tion, to which I have alluded, from the President,
of his intention to attempt the purchase of Cuba
went forth to the world in the early part of De-
cember m* the President's annual message, what
was the echo that returned from all the Span-
ish possessions to us—I may say, almost, from
all Europe—what was the response? In Cuba
even, m provincial, down-trodden Cuba, the prov-
ince of a despotism, Spanish pride was excited.
The proposition in the message for the use of
money to accomplish it, and the declaration of
the purpose to all the world, seemed to them to
contain something offensive. At least, according
to my information, it had the effect of rallying
almost every man in the Island of Cuba in oppo-
sition to our purchase. They were not to be
meted out and bought and sold in the market.
That idea was offensive even to them humiliated
as they have been by long subjection, to a heavy
despotism. We had not asked them whether
they would be willing to be sold; we had no in-
formation that they were willing to be sold. It
is supposing a good deal to suppose that a com-
munity so longestablished, occupying such a de-
lightful situation on the face of the eaith, nch,
enlightened, I may say prosperous, are willing
not only to be sold, but to submit to it unasked
and uninvited. This I presume to be the reason
which pioduced such a concurrence there, in op-
position to, and in denunciation of, the Presi-
dent's statement. But perhaps Cuba is of little
consequence; she has no voice; she is but a prov-
ince; the despotism of the mothei country has
left her no voice, has left her no counac! on the
subject of her own destiny. Plow, then, has the
same message and the annunciation of our pur-
pose been received in Spain ? The Government of
the Queen of Spain have declared that they con-
sider it an offense. Her ministers went befoie the
Cortes, the great Congress of that country, and
were there immediately questioned on the subject:
" How do you intend to answer the American
proposition to buy of us the Island of Cuba?"and
all agieed that it was to be r< gard<-d as an otfi n <e;
and this wc have since the message was dohvernd.
We know, then, that ^pain not only has not been
conciliated at all by our diplomacy, by our man-
ner ofapproaching her on this suhji-et; but, on the
contrary, she is prepared to consider the Presi-
dent's messageas an insult. if the President could
have known that his message would have been
thus received, would he have thought it advisable
to follow up this mgotiaiuni? When Mr. Abuey
was giving instructions to Mr. Sonic, who some
years ago was instructed to attempt to negotiate
