1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7^7
in favor of the complainants and against the defendant Mus-
sina, and those occupying a similar position, and was to
their particulai injury. By maintaining the proceeding as
one iightfully-brought on the chancery side of the court,
these defendants were illegally deprived of their right to a
trial by a jury, and were compelled to submit to an adjudi-
cation upon their rights to the property in such a^hiaimei
that the decision would be final and conclusive as to the
title of the property, instead of one upon the right of posses-
sion, which would at once have been pronounced, on the
law side of the court, in an action of ejcctment. By main-
taining jurisdiction over the case, when a portion of the
defendants, as well as the plaintiffs were aliens, these de-
fendants were deprived ot^hetr rights to have the questions
involved in it decided by the courts of Teias, to who<e ju-
risdiction they were rightfully amenable, and who^e laws
weie to govern m that decision. By admitting incompetent
* witnesses to testify, their rights weie affectcd by evidence
given by persons who had an interest in the litigation ad-
verse to theirs.-And, fit.all v. they are prevented Ciom having
.the deeiMon against them reviewed in the appellate comt
by the failute of the judge to perfonn hi* full duty to them
in facilitating the exeici^e of tfie right of appeal, given to
them by law, from motives of pnbhc policy, for then own
private advantage, and tttftt, too, when there in some re.i&on
to believe that the decree by the court is not in conformity
with the pnnciples of law, a*, recognized in Texas. Such
a coui&e of action continued through the whole pi ogress of
a cause, in favoi of some of the parties and against others,
is, to our minds, conclusive evidence of the existence of a
purpo?.e, on the part of the judge, to favor one paity or set
of parties, at the expanse and to the mjuiy of othei>", which
is inconsistent with an upright, honest, and mipaitial dis-
chaige of the judicial functions. And this, we believe, con-
stitutes a breach of the i good behavior' upon which, by
the Constitutio.n, the tenure of the judicial oflicc is made
to depend."
It appears that a decree was rendered in the
Cavazos suit, in the month of January, in favor
of Cavazos and others.
After the rendition of the decree, suits in eject-
ment became necessary. At this juncture we
find Judge Watrous again acting and making; a
wrongful and tyrannical order for the exclusion
from jury service in his court (011 the regular
panel) of the citizens of the fitur Rio Grande
counties of Cameron, Hidalgo, Shaw, and Webb.
By the deputy marshal, whose term of office
depended 011 the pleasure of the judge, jurors are
selected—not taken from the jury list of the State,
as the law requires; not even drawn or balloted
for—to attend the United States court at Browns-
ville; all from Galveston, a distance of several
hundred miles. They are taken irom this distajit
place, that is the home of Judge Watrous, and
of his confederates, Hale and League. These
Cavazos suits had been pending m Galveston, and
adjudications had on some of them. They were
a subject of'notoriety there; and had naturally
given rise to much popular discussion and con-
versation, with reference both to the questions
and the interests involved.
Thus, it appears that to accomplish the purpose
of the judge more fully, the citizens of fourcoun-
ties were dishonored and deprived of important
civil privileges, and the law was violated.
They were nott&ken from diftoient parts of the
State,as is the custom in the United Statescourts,
but from the narrow circle of the judge's own
home and neighborhood. A schooner is char-
tered by the deputy marshal, to carry them to
the court at Brownsville. There are also selected
by the deputy marshal, a company of strolling
players to serve as jurors, and placed on board
this schooner. Judge Watrous himself, is a com-
■pagnon de voyage.
Honorable Senators may imagine the scene, the
small, coasting, gulf schooner freighted with jury-
men and playets,and the United States district
and circuit judge.
I have, in a brief manner, referred to the col-
lusion in the Cavazos suit, which Judge Watrous
knew, and„which he countenanced to the preju-
dice and betrayal of at least one of the defend-
ants, Mr. Jacob Mussina.' The evident position
of matters, and the leports of the committees on
ihe subject, from which I have read, show that
Mussina was without any power to enforce his
rights, and without any chance to obtain them in
the determination of this case m Judge Watrous's
court. He then applied for redress to theicourts
of his domicile in Louisiana; and finding the par-
ties there who weie accused in the committee's
report referred to, as having* colluded m the Cava-
zos suit, and as having "defrauded and betrayed
him," he sued them tor. the collusion and frauds
they had practiced to his prejudice,in Judge Wat-
rous's court, and otherwise". This suit was com-
menced on the 1st of .November, 1851; it was
tried in May, 1853; and a verdict was rendered
in favor of Mussina by a jury of his countiymen
for the land claimed, or §214,000 in lieu thereof,
and §25,000 as damages.
In January, 1854, a rule was taken at Galves-
ton, Texas, upon Jacob Mussina, a citizen of
Louisiana, and he was cited to appear before
Judge Watrous at Galveston, to answer for con-
tempt of couit in instituting the suit in New Or-
leans, in disobedience to the decree which he had
.rendered in the Cavazos case, although the fact
was that the sv.it referred to toas commenced tioo
months before the rendition of the decree, which pro-
ceedings the House Judiciary Committee of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress have characterized in a
deliberate, unanimous report, as " irregular, un-
just,and illegal, and, taken in connection with the
previous proceedings and rendition of the decree,
| oppressiveand tyrannical." And this opinion was
1 indorsed by a portion of the present Judiciary.
Committee in the House, from whose report I
read the following expression of judgment:
l> It aUo seem* clear, when the pleadings in the suit insti-
tuted by Mussina agaui-t istillmnn, Bcldcn & Ailing, and
Basse & Uoid, m the touub disiuct court of New Oilcans,
are considered, tojrether with the judgment rendered in it
upon the verdict oi a jury, and the evidence 111 the contempt
ca*p, that theie wa<* no Inundation whatever tor the pio-
ceedmg against hun for a contempt, and that the action of
the judge with les-pect to it was unauthorized by law, and
was intended to lo vexatious and oppict^ive. How'any
other conclusion can be airived at. when it is remembeied
that the suit in New Oileaua was instituted by Mu^ma
against his c<> defendants alone and their counsel, and re-
lated to rights giowinsr out of then o,wn transactions, it is
not easy to conceive."
The defendant appealed from the judgment of
the New Orleans court in favor of Mussina. In
]855, the case was heard on appeal in the su-
preme comt of the State of Louisiana, and was
dismissed on a question of jurisdiction in the
court. It was during the hearing of this appeal
that Judge Watrous was at New Orleans under
the assumed name of " John Jones," and lodging
secretly at the Verandah Hotel.
In older to continue undeistandmgly the his-
tory, the narrative of which 1 have undertaken,
it is necessary hero to make a momentary review^
of the positions occupied by the man Reynolds,
who, it has been shown, was a prominent actor
in the eventful drama of the conspuacy, so.far as
it appears to have progressed. It has been shown
that he was one of the chief and choicest spirits
in the inception of the New York company. It
has been shown from the correspondence relative
to the action of the com t at New Oilcans, that lie,,
had made the clerk of the court interested in the •!
suit. It has been shown under what ctrcum- j
stances he established 0 begin bank on the Cava- ;
zosgrant. It has been shown that lie was appoint-
ed byJudge Watrous, and acted as commissioner
t#take testimony in the Cavazos case,on the side
of the defense, to defeat which, by collusion,
was the evident purpose of the company ofwhom .
anil in whose services he was.
Thus we find tins man Reynolds connected and
intermixed with nil that takes place through i
Judge Watrous's court, in the progress of the j
conspiracy in which both were so deeply and so j
criminally interested and implicated. \
I now present him as attempting to seize the ■
" Great Salt Lake of Texas," the immense value
of which and its location 1 have refer ted to. This j
lake was a reservation of the government of i
Texos, and the only possible means of appropri- |
atmg this valuable propet ty was by injlueiiung
the remits and the Legislature. . '
It is uliow.i by the letter of Mr. Joseph L. ■
Williams, which I have read in another part of
this case, mid by the order of transfer to which I
shall presently refer, that the three, Reynolds,
Williams, and" "Watrous,at least, were interested
in this fraudulent adventure.
They had already been successful inthePha-
len suits at New Orleans, (wherein tlu ir fraudu-
lent certificates were declared valid;) and in the
flush of their entire success m this matter, they
were emboldened to extend their grasp, and to
attempt to take by adventure eveiy prize that
their avarice could discover.
rThe suit isinstituted m Judge Watrous's court
on the 34th of May, 18-il). It appears that the .
case remained there from the 14;h of May, 1849, :
to the 7ih June, JS50. It is then tran&Jericd to ,
New Orleans; and it is especially to be remem-
bered that the application for the tiansfer in tins
case, as well as the transfer m the Phalen case,
was made by the pltuntuf himself—Mr. Jamcy
N. Reynolds. I will here give an extract from
the order of transfer:
, James N. Reynolds, of Louisiana, - 1
| HenryM. Lewis and Thomas Nbwcomq, ofTexas. J
j Petition m this cause filed in district court of Ule United
States, district of Texas, on the 12th day of May, A; D.
1849. '
Copy of order of transfer.
And afterwards, on Monday, the 7th day of June, A. D.
38o0j the following order was made, to wit:
James N. Keynolds
vs. \
Henry M. Lewis. )
Tins day came the parties by their attorneys, and upon
motion ot the said plaintiff, and because the judge of this
court is so connected in interest and otherwise with one of
the parties in this suit as 10 render it improper, in his opin-
ion, to sit upon the trial of the^cause, it is now hereby or-
, dered by the court that this fact be entered upon the record
of this court, and that a certified copy of such entry, with
: all the proceeding^ in this suit, be forthwith certified to the
■ circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of
1 Louisiana, that hemp the most convenient court of the Uni-
i ted States in the next adjacent State.
| Well might Reynolds move for a transfer to
j New Orleans. Did he not think (as his corre-
| spondcnce has already disclosed) that he had the
I clerk of the court to work there in his behalf?
| Did he not think that he had an approach to the
; ear of the court there ? Did he not have there the
| influence, the official presence of Judge Watrous,
j a brother of the bench? In fine, did he not have
j the case transferred from the juries of Texas, but
j to have it removed to a court, where there was
every augury of success, it mattered not Whether
by fair or by foul means ?
I have already directed attention to the partici-
pation of Thomas M. League in the management
of the affairs of the land company, and in the ad-
vancements of its interests. It has been shown
that, at the time the curtain dropped at New Or-
leans on the Phalen case, a suit was on the in-
stant instituted by League, <in the identical test
land certificates that had just been the subject of
the smt in New Orleans; thus revealing his part-
nership in the common iniquity of Judge Wat-
rous and his " compeers," and indicating his po-
sition as a prominent actor in the infamous cer-
tificate business, that was the chief, but not the
only, subject of the company's operations.
It may also be remarked, that Johnson and
Hale, the attorneys for the company in the Pha-
len case at New Oileans, appear also as counsel
for League, in the consequent suit at Galveston.
It is to be seen how he sustains other charac-
ters. and undertakes other parts in the wide field
of the company's speculations. It appears from
the testimony in the Watrous investigation that,
in company with Robert Hughes, the confiden-
tial adviser and favored counsel of Judge Wat-
rous, he assumed or simulated an interest in what
was called the Powers and Ilewitson's colony
grant, and undertook to bring suits in relation to
ltin Judge Watrous's court, byafeigned change
of residence.
The grant to Powers and Hewitson, the ero-
pressartos, included a large body of valuable land
on the coast, west of Galveston.
Powers expressed an unwillingness logo out
of the State, and change his residence, so as to
qualify himself to sue in. the Federal court. He,
too, an League testified, had the common afflic-
tion of being " afraid to trust the juries of Texas."
The difficulty, however, appears to have been
solved by League, in concert with Judije Wat-
rous's counsel and familiar, Robert Hughes.
League volunteered to go out of the State, and
bring suits in his own name, in the Federal court
for a share of the property to be recovered. Pow-
ers furnished the subject-matter of litigation.
League furnished all the money, and " Hughes
was to do the legal part of the matter."
The plot, however, was finally disconcerted by
the decision of the United States Supreme Court,
to the effect that League's change of residence not
being bona fide, he could have no standing in court;
in a word, that it was an attempted fraud upon
the juiisdiction of the court.
it then became necessary to use another party
in the matter, and a gentleman by the name of
Williams, of North Carolina,is substituted. Thus
we see this man, bent 011 accomplishing his ends,
throughout, identifying himself and the counsel
of Judge Watious with .a sdieme in which both
were acting only mercenary parts, using the word
in its broadest sense j in which he was lured to act
