778,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the part of a litigant in the court of his friend and
partner, Judge Watrous, in fraud of tho jurisdic-
tion of that court; and in which the judge's coun-
sel and familiartoo; was hired under a contract of
champerty, was to have a share of the land for
" doing all the legal part of the matter."
This is to be remarked as the firstintroduction
of Hewitson into the Federal court, and was
shortly lead, as I shall show, to the development
of other connections between him and Judge Wat-
rous in the perpetration of other and more as-
tounding frauds than have yet been disclosed.
I conceive that it is required, in order to com-
plete the history of the system of frauds, in which
Judge Watrous was prominently concerned, to
show further the connections between some of
the prominent actors introduced into this narra-
tive and others to be introduced, in matters which
have been the subject of late congressional in-
vestigation, and of fierce debate. I certainly do
not propose to review the debates that have taken
place on this subject. But I refer more particu-
larly to the transactions, which I shall proceed to
give a brief sketch of, of the obtaining of lands by
Judge Watrous, the wrongful use of his court in
relation thereto, and his participation in fixing a
forged link in a chain of title upon settlers of
Texas, that I may more fully show and illustrate
the constant and pervading connection of parties
already alluded to with the judge, in attempts to
plunder the citizens of Texas, and in administer-
ing a system of fraud through lus court.
In January, 1854, we find that two suits were
commenced in the United States court in Texas,
presided over by Judge Watrous. One was en-
titled Ufford vs. Dykes; the other was Lapsley us.
Spencer and ten others.
These two suits were commenced in Judge
Watrous's couitat the same term, for, between
fifty and sixty thousand acies of land each. Wil-
liam G. Hale was counsel for the plaintiff in one
case, and Robert Hughes counsel for the plaintiff
in the other. In both cases, it appeared from the
testimony, the property claimed was owned in the
State of Alabama; and in both cases, the claims
of the parties hud slumbered for nearly twenty
years—until the first term of the court of Judge
JVatrous, after he {Judge Watrous) had obtained an
interest.
With respect to the Ufford and Dykes suit, an
attempt was made in the course of the investiga-
tion by the committee of the House to discover
who were the parties in interest in Alabama. But
tho inquiry was baffled. The witness who was
examined as to the matter, plead his privilege as
an attorney, and declined to answer. What im-
portant disclosures might have been made, had
the question been freely answered, and the truth
relieved from suppression, is left to conjecture. If.
was esteemed important to know the connections
which existed in the inception of these suits.
The committee sought the information; but tluy
were stopped at the very threshold hy conceal-
ment, leaving the whole .matter in suspicious
darkness.
It is also found in the Uflbrd and Dykes case,
that William G. Hale, the agentof the fraudulent
land company, as shown by the correspondence,
and holding the most intimate relations with the
court, is counsel for the plaintiff, and that on tho
other side of the case, the counsel is Ilobert |
Hughes, the confidential friend and witness of j
the court. j
The same question of title existed as in the ;
Lapsley cases, in which Judge Watrous was in- '
terested by partnership in speculation with the i
plaintiff to the amount of one fourth of the prop-!
erty, which one fourth is valued at $75,U00, and j
for which, it appears he (Judge Wat)ous)'has never j
paid, and ivas never required to pay, a cent cj pur- ;
chase-money up to the present time. The grants in j
both cases had a common tit!<->- and in one of!
them Judge Watrous bad obtained an interest. |
It may be observed, too, that the judge pro- f
fesses to have purchased an interest in one of!
these grants, without ever seeing the title pa~ >
pers, on the simple opinion of Hughes, u the I
best land lawyer in the Union," as he enthusi-J
astically describes him, that they were good. He |
was willing, as he signifies, to accept this opinion i
absolutely as true. Now this Ufford and Dykes j
grant had a title identical with that in wh ich Judge
Watrous had obtained an interest. This title j,
he had declared to be good, on the bare assertion !
of Hughes. He thus went on the bench in the
Ufford and Dykes case, fully committed to an opin-
ion on the title, and with nothing whatever for
him on that point to adjudicate.
I now request honorable Senators to accom-
pany me to a scene in the United States district
court in Texas, and to bestow upon it but a mo-
ment's criticism, in order to perceive its signifi-
cance.
On the bench is his honor Judge Watrous, sur-
rounded by all the imposing circumstances of the
dispensation of justice. The case of Ufford vs.
Dykes is called. A jury is empanneled. Before
the judge, as foreman of that jury, stands Edwin
Shearer, a deputy clerk in his own court, who is
the agent of the judge, who was present, and was
consulted on the subject, at the inception of the
very scheme of fraud at Galveston ; was present
at Selma, Alabama, when the contract was made
between Judge Watrous and others, and who is a
brother-in-law of Price, a partner of the judge in
that transaction; and, besides, was not qualified
under the law to be a juror. It appears that a ver-
dict was rendered thus:
Verdict—Tndor«ed: "Wo, the jury, find a verdict for
the plaintiffs for the ton leagues of land described in the
plaintiff's' petition, and also ten cents damages.
EDWIN SHEARER, Foreman.
March 30, 1851."
This appears to have gone by default. Now,
to obtain a default, a chain of title was necessary;
such a chain was to be exhibited. Yet it is found
to be admitted by counsel, more than a year after
this trial, that the authority to sell the land in
suit—the power of attorney to Williams—the main
link of the title, was wanting. It could not have
been before the court, or the jury, when the ver-
dict was entered. It could not, for the especial
reason that the default was entered in March,
1854, and the testimony of the parties m the Wat-
ious investigation shows thatlhe power was never
transcribed, or withdrawn from the land office,
until December of that year. Juries, it is to be
recollected, are selected in Judge Watrous's court
—not balloted for. Further comment than this is
unnecessary.
This default was opened at the suggestion of j
Judge Watrous, as the judgment by default did
not appear to answer the purpose he had in view.
The object evidently was to have the title com-
pleted, by intjoducing the power of attorney and
obtaining judgment of its genuineness. And the
fact mos-'t striking is, that at the second trial,
Robert Hughes, the representative of Judge Wat-
ious, is smuggled imo the case for the defense,
and very kindlyjfurnished to the opposite coun-
sel, William G. Hale, Esq., the power referred to
—the very link of title necessary to defeat him,*
Robert Hughes, in the defense of the suit!
I have adverted to a scene m the Uflbrd and
Dykes cu.se. 1 wish the attention of Senatois to
another scene, traospinng after the lapse of about
one year, in the same cause, and in the same
court. J ud^e Watrous is on the bench. Before
him stands Robert Hughes and William G. Ilale.
Contemplate for a moment the position of the par-
ties. Judge Watrous is the owner of an interest
valued at $75,000 in the La Vega grant, which, it
appears, he purchased m reliance on the opinion
of Roheit Hughes. To Hughes is intrusted the
defense of his title, lie is the " sole counsel" for
Lapsley and others. He stands now before the
coui't ill opposition to that title, was " the lead-
ing counsel for the defendant, and controlled its
management." Here is Robert Hughes, the rep-
icsentative of Judi:e Watrous, inteiested m the
La Vega title, standing before Judge Watrous in
opposition to that title. What a strange and
anomalous position, surely! Here is Ins honor,
John C. Watrous, on the bench; and here, John
C. Watrous personated by Hughes at the bar.
The case is called, and the curtain rises on still
further developments m the scene. The plaintiff's
cuunstl, William G. Hale, announces himself
ready to proceed, except that, he Ineks the power
of attorney to Williams, that is all important to
complete his title. Judge Watrous, through his
representative, or Hughes, as representing the
Judge, supplies that want; thus kindly giving to
his opponent, Hale, the very means of defeating
him (Hughes) in the suit; but, mark you, the
means also of sustaining the title of Judge Wat-
rous—for the power of attorney was common to
both titles. I'hat-ve already shown, in the Cava-
zos case, how counsel of this vast company were
introduced for purposes of collusion, and for the
betrayal of parties, who stood in the way of the
land speculations of Judge Watrous and his con-
federates* Therefore, this is illustration the sec-
ond.
It will be seen hereafter, as I proceed toward
the completion of the narrative of facts I have un-
dertaken, that the power of attorney alluded to,
plays a very important part in the scheme of fraud
by which Judge Watrous was attempting to ap-
propriate an immense tract of land, situated with-
in his judicial district.
The legal title to the La Vega grant was con- «
veyed by League to John W. Lapsley, of Ala-
bama, who held the property in trust for the sev-
eral parties in interest, including Judge Watrous.
In the deed of convej&ance there is to be re-
marked a very singular feature. There is no gen-
eral warranty of title; but there is a special and
extraordinary warranty given in the following
terms:
" The said party of the first part (League) binds himself,
his liens, and legal representatives*, to warrant and forever
defend the title by this indenture ^'ranted to the said party
of the second puit, hi& heirs, le«al representatives, and as-
sign's, ag.nnst ihe said Thomas de la Vega, and the party of
the first part, their respective hens and assigns, and all
others claiming, or to c!ann, by, under, or through the said
Thomas de la Vega, and tho party of the first part, or either
of them."
This warranty, it is to be observed, is against
the party's own vendor. It applied to the chain
of title from him, the all-important link of which
was the power of attorney to Williams to sell the
land. It shows that in the transaction at Selma,
Alabama, to which Judge Watrous was a party,
the power of attorney was a subject of concern,
and probably of debate. It suggests that even
then, by some of the parties, the denunciation was
anticipated, whieh was afterwards made, of that
tjtie paper as a forgery, and a forgery, too, in the
procurement of which Judge Watrous himself
had assisted.
This power of attorney purports to have been
made m the year 1832. It appears that no attempt
was made to prove it up until 3855. Thus it was
kept secret, or nothing revealed of it, for about,
twenty-three years, ltis true that Robert Hughes
testified that he withdrew a power of attorney
from the general land office in 1854 — twenty-
one years after its purported date; that there was
no mark on it showing when, or by whom it was
filed, or that it was ever filed; nor is there any
mark or evidence on the document to show that
the power of attorney, the present subject of dis-
cussion, was the paper withdrawn from the land
ofiice by Robert Hughes—as he was careful not
to leave in the land office any copy of the paper
he withdrew.
I have requested, in the progress of this narra-
tive, that honorable Senators would regard atten-
tively the man Hewitson, who appears to have
been one of the heaviest suiters in Judge Wat-
rous's court, and a partner of League and of
Hughes in the subject-matter of the litigation, and
of whose use by the court, in support of perhaps
the most monstrous of its frauds, I promised
some revelations. He, too, is now called in by
Judge Watrous, through his counsel, to perform
a service at the sacnfice, as the sequel will show,
of all that honest men hold most dear—such sac-
rifices, and such service, however, as seem to be
the price of the judge's favor.
In the case of Ufford and Dykes, a verdict was
rendered February 27, 1855: the 23d of the same
month, and the same year, Hewitson's deposi-
tion is taken, de bene esse, at Galveston, to prove
up the power of attorney. The order of transfer
had then b «en made, to remove the Lapsley cases
from Austin to New Orleans. The power to Wil-
liams was common to both suits. It had been
managed to get it into the Ufford and Dykes case,
without difficulty, through the favor of Judge
Watrous, and the evident collusion of counsel.
In the X_.apsley cases, however, an attempt is
made to prove'it up by Hewitson's deposition.
Why, I ask, was this done ? Why was the dis- f
crimination in relation to the proof of the power
made between the two suits, unless for the palpa-
ble reason that it was considered that the power
was not in a position to pass the review of the tri-
bunal at New Orleans. Thus again is betrayed
the ill-concealed conccrn of the parties in relation
to this power of attorney. v
