156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
' 35th Cong....2d Sess.
Adquisition of Cuba—Mr. Criitthdeh.
Senate.
for the purchase of Cuba, when some such par-
pose was contemplated by the Government Mr.
Marcysaid:
" In the present aspect of the casthe President does
nbt deem it proper to authorize you to make any proposition
for the puicha^e of that island. There is now no hope, as
he believes, that t>uch a proposition would be favorably re-
ceived; and the offer of it might, and probably would, be
attended with injurious effects."
If thecircumstances existingbefore Mr. Marcy,
and presented to his mind in 1853, when he penned
the instructions to Mr. Sonle, indicated to hifn
that Spain would not sell, how much stronger are
all the circumstances now fr6m wliich we may-
presume the same thing ? The President gives us
no information from which we can indulge the
hope of success; he gives no information but that
which is common in the politics of the world; he
gives no single fact, no single tittle of informa-
tion; hesimply says, we wantCuba;and the time
has come when he thinks the negotiation should
be renewed. Why does he think so? If there
were any information presented to instruct our
judgment; if the President had had any cftmmu-
nication whatever with the Spanish Government
that justified the belief, or could give us any as-
surance from Spain, the case would be different;
but she has always, heretofore', refused. There
exists every circumstance now that ever did exist
at any former time to suppose that she is not
willing to part with the island. In addition to all
that formerly existed, we have now the positive
known fact that Spain regards as an insult even
the declaration made in the message of our Pres-
ident. 1 presurtie we are to regard this as au-
thentic. We hear no contradiction. It comes
by every channel of information from Europe,
and there is none to doubt it. Perhaps she has
been too sensitive on this subject; perhaps there
was no occasion for her anger, or for treating this
subject in such an angry mood as she has done.
1 do not justify or vindicate that; I say nothing
about it; but I state the fact that, whether for
good or ill, she did become irritated at the very
annunciation contained in the President's mes-
sage, and declared that she would consider any
intimation from us of a proposition to buy Cuba,
if made hereafter, as an insult. This is, in sub-
stance, the declaration of the Spanish Govern-
ment; not simplyof its ministry,butofits Cortes,
the great national legislative and political power
of the counlry.
With this knowledge on our part, if the Pres-
ident, with or without this bill, should proceed
to propose to the Spanish Government, in the face
of their declaration that they will consider it an
insult, how could they avoid considering that as
an insult—a premeditated insult; an offense com-
mitted against their avowed purpose; against
their avowed feeling on the subject? The Presi-
dent will have a difficult task, under these circum-
stances, to win the favor of Spain and to make
the negotiation. There will be the more honor
and the more glory to him, if, from all these diffi-
culties, he can derive success. Let him go on,
then; and I say God speed him in this negotia-
tion; and tf he can get it on satisfactory terms,
and save us from the possible feuds and possible
wars of which Cuba might otherwise become the
cause hereafter, let him take to himself all the
honor and all the credit of it. I do not believe that
anything can be done. I believe, as Mr. Marcy
said, in 1853, to make this proposition and have it
rejected will be of injurious effect, and cast us
further back from the object at which we aim.
Those instructions of his are full of wise and cau-
tious lessons to us. They show the prudence, the
skill, and the address, of a minister, "Our object
is to obtain the island by negotiation. Proceed
cautiously. If you find it offensive, make no prop-
osition; and so improbable does success appear to
us now," says he to Mr. Soule, " that you are
riot authorized to make any proposition, because
evil consequences will follow from the proposition
made and rejected. Our diplomacy had rather
leave this subject open without any barrier of
that sort against our future attempts made at
more propitious times. We will seek favorable
occasions in the thousand vicissitudes and events
which affect the destiny and the fate of nations;
we will find some opportunity when Spain will
be more easily conciliated—when circumstances
will favor our proposition; and we do not wish
now, by any premature and precipitate rejected
effort, to create ahy difficulty hereafter."
These are my views; and I say again, I shall
hot be disappointed if the Presideht is deceived
in his expectations. Itfo riot believe that he can,
at this time, purchase Cuba. I think, therefore,
it would be impolitic to give offense by making a
proposition which \ve foreknow will be rejected.
If we do foreknow; if, in our judgment, we can
reasonably anticipate it, and as surely anticipate
it as we can the future in any respect, would it
not be an utter want of prudence, an utter livant
of wisdom, to give voluntary offense to Spain by
thrusting an insulting proposition, or what she
considers an insulting proposition,upon her, and
doing that in the face of the world? for it seems to
be thought best to depart frdm the quiet ways of
diplomacy, and to make this subject of negotia-
tion one of public debate and public legislation.
It gives a character of more publicity, it gives a
character of more point, to the conduct which Spain
has taken on this subject, and to that which we
are to take. In the face of the world, the Cortes
and the ministry of a proud, ancient nation, have
said it will be an insult to ask them to sell this
portion of their empire, and they will resent it as
an insult. Even if they said this not altogether
in earnest, or if they said this boastfully, can they,
in the face of all Europe, and within a few months,
before the shoes they wore have grown old, come
down and trample on these declarations? No,
sir; no man, no nation, can face that amount of
shame, self-contradiction, and self-degradation,
before the world. We cannot succeed now by
honorable negotiation, because Spain is utterly
opposed, according to all the calculations of human
conduct that can be made, to sell this island.
I think we have reason furthermore to consider
this scheme as impracticable, at present, from the
foreign connections and alliances of Spaiii. We
have seen, and we know, the anxiety with which
the Governments of both England and France
have regarded Cuba; how readily they have been
disposed to go to its relief and protection and de-
fense; how they have proposed to this Govern-
ment to enter into a tripartite treaty with them,
renouncing forever all pretensions to the Island of
Cuba, and guarantying it forever to Spain. They
have shown a degree of solicitude that leaves us
but little ground to hope that now, with their pres-
ent views of policy, they would encourage, or I
might almost say permit, Spain to sell to us this
island. Spain is m the hands of mighty auxil-
iaries, altogether beyond her power; ana the ac-
tions of her Government are, to a great extent, we
may suppose, influenced by French and by Eng-
lish counsels. Indeed, it was intimated by the
honorable gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] in the remarks which he so eloquently and
instructively made a few days since, that it might
be even now that Spain held the island rather as
a trustee for the use of England than in her own
right. If so, how can we expect Spain to trans-
fer it without the assent of England? If France
also has an interest in it, and a control over the
counsels of Spain, we must anticipate her concur-
rence also before we can indulge a reasonable
hope of the acquisition of it at this time. Let
the President, however, go on. He may under-
stand all these difficulties far better than I do; or,
understanding them as I do, he may hope for
some powerful influence and agency by which he
is to overcome all these difficulties, and get the
island. Be it so. I say to him, " go on; and if
you can acquire Cuba, do it, and i will not be
hindermost in rendering you praise and credit
and honor for it; you will have done something
for your country."
I think then, sir, that there never was a time, so
far as regards Spain, more unpropitious to our
hopes of a successful negotiation. Now, let us
look a little at the question as it regards ourselves,
and see whether, in that respect, the time is pecu-
liarly favorable to our acquisition of this island.
I have observed from all sides that'it is antici-
pated that we are to give a great price in money.
The learned and able report made by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] as the
organ of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
informs us that about ten years ago, or more,
$100,000,000 was offered, and Spain declined it.
It is supposed, in the sanie report, that there has
been an increase of value since that time, which
might make the real value now one hundred and
twenty, or one hundred and thirty, or one hundred
and forty million dollars. One hundred and forty
million dollar^ is our bid here among ourselves.
What will we give Spain for it when we go to
bidding ethd get fairly engaged in making the bar-
gain, with nothing to settle but the price ? In com-
mon conversation I have heard $200,000,000 fa-
milia.rly stated as the price to be given, and it is
considered a good bargain at that. It may be
more; not very probably less. Say $200,000,000
is to be the price she will exact and we will give:
when are we to pay it? Are we now in the most
favorable financial condition for paying it, or pro-
viding for it? On account of our own little do-
mestic difficulties, we have been obliged to go in
debt to supply our own household; to supply
market money. We have had to borrow, within
a year past, $40,000,000, and are now under im-
minent necessity for obtaining more. So far as
concerns our Treasury, theft, it renders a mourn-
ful sound when you knock upon it and ask for
$200,000,000. A funeral response comes forth;'
there is nothing there; it is all emptiness.
Look at your revenue. Does that come in in
any such way as to render you at all hopeful that,*
besides paying the expenses of the Government,
it will fill up that vacancy? No, sir; not at all.
Your Treasury is not only vacant, but your rev-"
enue is deficient and your expenditures are in-
creasing and likely to increase. Last year the
expenditures were more than eighty-one million
dollars; this year they will be §100,000,000, if we
pay our debts honestly. That is my estimate;
that is what I learn from those who trouble them-
selves much more about figures and financial cal-
culations than I do. I see that the Secretary of
the Treasury estimates for $74,000,000. I see
that in that estimate the probable deficiencies in
the Post Office Department—that vault which
swallows up, and seems still to swallow and swal-
low and never be filled—are not included. They
are $6,000,000. That addition to the $74,000,000
makes £80,000,000. Then suppose you pay the
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes which have been
issued, and are payable on or before the 30th of
June next: and you have $100,000,000 to pay this
year, without including any appropriations which
Congress may make in excess of the estimates.
If the payment of those $20,000,000 of Treasury
notes be now postponed, they must fall on an-
other year. I do not, at present, see before me
when we can calculate upon having a superfluous
Treasury in order to make this purchase.
I do not mean to say that in a proper cause,
upon a proper occasion, we could not produce
whatever any exigency our country might require,
in money or in men. We could do it; but it is a
little more convenient to do it at one time than at
another; and I am only inquiring to see whether
this is the auspicious and convenient time when
we can most readily and conveniently make prep-
aration for the payment of $200,000,000,or whether
we are to have it fastened upon us, and fastened
upon our posterity for an interminable period of
time, and to pay a stipend to Spain or her as-
signees in the market of $10,000,000 a year as the
interest of this purchase-money. I do not say it
will become an everlasting obligation, for nothing
is so with us; but it will come to be a fastened debt
upon us of which no man can see the end. That
is one point of view.
What is our condition in other respects ? Are
there no other difficulties ? I admit that, if the
only difficulties in our way were the want of
money, and our mere transient necessities about
revenue, we could overcome them all. I do not
underrate our financial ability, or our spirit, or our
enterprise. I know my country, and i know that
her energies are almost unlimited. I do not look,
however, with any comfort, at a debt which is to
stand at $200,000,000. One debt has an attract-
ive power. One debt of $200,000,000 will be a
standing temptation to more. It will become a
national, interminable debt. Eutthis is notall; we
have got troubles and difficulties all around. It was
once the great policy of this Government to pre-
serve amity and the kindest relations with all the
States of North and South America; and we suc-
ceeded. A noble course of policy it was. I was
here when they were springing into independ-
