1859,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
1%
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
ence—emerging from that Spanish despotism into
which they had been immersed for so many ages.
I remember the sensibility and the sympathy with
which we all regarded the struggles going on in
South America; and, as a Kentuckian, I remem-
ber with especial pride that it waa the trumpet-
toned voice of Henry Clay that led on this great
subject of American policy and American sympa-
thy. In South America, at that early day, noth-
ing was so much cherished; and the speeches of
Henry Clay in their behalf, proffering peace and
friendship and kindness to them, and encourage-
ment in tneirefforts, were read at the head of their
armies, and hailed with shouts and enthusiasm.
They came into the world as free nations, as it
were, under our auspices; hailed, cheered on, and
encouraged, by the voice of America. All their
eyes were turned on us; we were an exemplar to
them. What has become of that feeling ? Where
is it, you rulers of our people, where is it? or how
is it that you have lost all these good feelings on
their part? The good will of a whole continent
is a mighty fund of national strength; and we
have lost it. The nations of South America were
striving to establish such liberty as we had estab-
lished; striving to connect themselves with us by
all those bonds which unite Republics, to take
our stand against the great European world, and
the great European system. That was the ob-
ject of this policy.
At the close of the great wars of Europe, when
Spain solicited assistance to resubjugate her South
American colonies, when their menacing reached
the ears of the rulers of this country, what was
done? It was the mightiest question that had
been presented to the world in this century—
whether South America should be Europeanized
and fall under the European system of govern-
ment and policy, or whether it should be Amer-
icanized according to the American system of
republics. What a mighty question was it! By
kindness, by encouragement, by offers of unlim-
ited kindness and protection, we won their hearts,
and they fell into our system. They gave us all
their sympathy; but now, where has it gone ?
Read the last message of the President, and con-
sider the-troubled state of our relations with these
States which it depicts. There is not a state
where we do not find enemies, where our citizens
are free from violence, where their property is
not taken from them. It seems that the persons
and property of our citizens are exposed contin-
ually to daily violence in every State of South
America with which we have relations. It is so,
too, in Mexico and Gautemala and Costa Rica,
and the various States of Central America.
How has it been that this state of things has
been brought about? How has it been that we
have lost that mighty acquisition—an acquisition,
not of territory, but an acquisition of the hearts
of men; an acquisition of the hearts of nations,
ready to follow our lead; to stand by us in a com-
mon cause, to fight the world, if it were necessary?
That great golden chain that bound freemen to-
gether from one end of the North to the end of
the South American continent, has been broken
in a thousand pieces; and the message tells us the
sad tale that we are everywhere treated with en-
mity and hostility, and that it is necessary for us
to avenge it. We are gathering up little accounts
with these nations; we are making quarrels with
them. They have done some wrong; practiced
some enmity against our citizens; taken some
property that they ought not to have taken; and,
besides, we have claims against them. From the
Feejee islands to the Spanish throne, we have de-
mands to be urged; and I think we are coming to
a very summary process of collection, where no
Congress is to sit to examine into the cams belli,
but a ship of war, better than all the constables
in the world, is to go around collecting,from the
cannibals and others, whatever she is commis-
sioned to say is due to us.
What peace can we have, what good will can
we have among men, if we are to depart from the
noble course which governed our forefathers,
who had no quarrels but those which they could
make a fight out of, and ought to have made a
fight out of, directly and at once, and be done with
them ? Do all these little clouds or specks of war
that darken our horizon promise additional pros-
perity, or an increase of revenue to meet our
debts? No, sir. If they portray anything, thgy
portray the contrary—increased expenditures; for
however summary your collections, however
summarily you take vengeance on other nations,
it costs always, and it will cost, a good deal.
Fighting is an expensive luxury; luxury it may
be considered, but there is cost in it.
Now, sir, what are we about to do ? In view of
all the enmities that surround us in South Amer-
ica and in Central America, the Committee on
Foreign Relations have presented a little bill to
meet the emergencies of the case, and the causes
of war are so common that it would trouble Con-
gress too much to act and decide on them all; they
must be struck off the docket in a summary way,
and judgment must be executed immediately
under the orders and mandate of the President.
Here is the title of the bill: " A bill authorizing
the President of the United States to use the pub-
lic forces of the United States in the cases therein
specified." Allow me to read the cases that are
specified:
" Whereas the President of the United States, in dis-
charge of the duty imposed on him by (he Constitution,
' from time to time to give to the Congress information of
the state of the Union, and recommend to their considera-
tion such measures as he'shal! judge necessary and expe-
dient,5 has informed Congress that, by reason of the dis-
tracted and revolutionary condition of Mexico, of certain
of the States of Central America, and occasionally of those
in South America, as well the property as the lives and lib-
erties of American citizens, peacefully and rightfully within
their respective limits, are subjected to lawless violence or
otherwise placed in peril by those claiming to be in auUior-
ity, and for redress whereof negotiation and remonstrance
in the forms of diplomatic intercourse are attempted in
vain; and it being manifest to Congiess that such condition
of things in the States aforesaid will contiuue so long as,
government is found there in the unsettled and irresponsi-
ble condition, at present, and at times heretofore, tolerated
by their people; and it being the indispensable duty of the
Government of the United States, to protect its citizens
against lawless violence without the limits of the United
States whenever found on lawful errand: Therefore,
"Ee it enacted hy the Senate und House of Representatives
of the United Sitatps of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
whenever it shall be made to appear to the Presideat that
any citizen or citizens ot the United States have been sub-
jected, within the limits of any of the States aforesaid, and
without commensurate offense on their part, to any act of
force, on the part of those claiming to be in authority
therein, affecting the life or liberty of such citizen or citi-
zens, and the case, in the opinion of the President, demands
on his part the interposition hereinafter provided, it shall
he lawful for the President to use the land and naval forces
of the United States, or such part of them as he niay deem
requisite, in such way as in his judgment may be most ef-
fectual by force withm the country so offending,'to give full
and adequate relief and protection to any citizen or citizens
of the United States so injured or imperiled, and at his dis-
cretion to obtain redress for any wrongs so done : Provided,
That the President shall report to Congress, (if m session
forthwith, or, if in recess, at its first meeting thereafter,)
whatever may be done by him at any time m execution of
this act: Jind provided further, That as soon as the object
shall be attained in any case where the provisions of this
aetshall be carried into execution, the land and naval forces
so used shall be withdrawn."
Here, in view of all this, we propose to let the
President make war as he pleases. The Consti-
tution says the Congress of the- United States
shall have the power to make war. Has any
body else the power to make war but we and the
House of Representatives? Is it a little inferior
jurisdiction that we can transfer and delegate to
others ? Did the Constitution intend that the
President should exercise it? No; it gave it to
us, and in the balance of powers just as much
denied it to the President as it gave it to us. We
subvert the whole system of our Government;
the whole constitutional frame-work of it is a
wreck, if you take this most dangerous and most
important of all powers, and put it in the hands
of the President of the United States. Can you
abdicate this power which the people have given
you as their trustees ? You cannot do it. Does
not this bill do it ?
To be sure, it will be observed that the right of
summary redress is limited to weak States. There
seems to be some saving understanding upon the
part of the framers of this policy that it would not
be applicable to large States. Some trouble, some
resistance, might be anticipated from them; but
you can safely thunder it over the heads of these
poor little South American States; you can make
them tremble; you can settle the accounts, and
make them pay your own balances. Sir, what
sort of heroism is that for your country and my
country, to triumph over the small and the weak?
The bill on which I am commenting does not sup-
pose that war is to require formal debate, but pro-
poses, whenever it sliall be made to appear to the
President that an American citizen, in any of
these countries, has been the subject of-violence
or depredation in his property, to allow the Presi-
dent, at his ipse dixit, to make wetr. Unheard,
unquestioned, at once the wiJl of a single man is
to let loose the dogs of war against these small,
weak nations. It is a violation of th§ spirit q'f
the Constitution; and, besides, there is a petti-
ness about if that does not belong to our country.
Surely it was ir> a thoughtless moment that the.
President intimated the necessity of such a meas-
ure, or that it was introduced into the Senat^.
There is nothing in it that can stand investiga-
tion. It is not more uncongenial to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, than it is, I trust, to the
magnanimous character of my countrymen, that
they should be willing to hunt out the little and
the weak and chastise them, and let the great go
free, or leave them to the ordinary solemn course
qf proceeding, by treaty or by congressional
legislation. No, sir; far better is the maxim of
the old Roman—debellare super bos, put down the
proud.
If the bill on which I am commenting should
pass, can we expect to be at peace? According
to the message, every one of these Powers has
been guilty of outrages which are said to merit
war, to deserve that sort of redress. They are
the daily habit; they are of almost continual oc-
currence. Suppose the past is nottp be the sub-
ject of these little presidential wars; are we safe
in the future ?
Th^t is not a'l; we are nov? engaged in the task
of chastising one of the little Sojitli American
States. We passed at the las(t session a resolution
whose whole pith and sufjptance i? expressed, Is
believ.e, in about, two linps, the full intent and
scope of which I verily confess I djd not com-
prehend at the time it was passed, authorizing
the President to exercise his discretion in taking
proper means, by force or otherwise, to obtain
redress from Paraguay. We have to renew our
geographical knowledge to point out the places
against which we eyre now to direct our forces,.
We are to search all over the earth for nations
that insult us, and no discoveries were ever more
acceptable. We go nowhere but to some little
despot, eyid we.talk about nothing hut s'opie little
claim, soi^e little viqlence done to our people.
So far as I know my Qountrym,en I do not be-
lieve the.re is a, Kentuckian in your long list of cit-
izens whose person or property has been violated
i,n thejse little Sputh American States. Our coun-
trymen generally are the readiest men to strike
back that ever I knew, and yet it seems a Yankee
can no sooner go traveling abroad than somebody
imposes on him, and cheats him, or strikes him,
and he must come to his Government and make
a claim. If he was struck, do you not think he
struck back, and settled the account right off, at
once ? I believe it is the Yankee, Mr. Hopkins,
who says Lopez cheated him out of some of his
property in Paraguay. Be that as it may, we
have now sent out a fleet consisting of, I do not
know how; many vessels, great and small, good
and bad, some bought, and some built; the great-
est armada we ever sent abroad, and to do what >
To find Lopez, the Paraguayan chief, who I
hav,e no idea is at all comparable in ability, if he
even is in power, to John Ross, the Cherokee
chieftain. But to this poor, little, obscure Power
we are quite revengeful for an injury. It is said
that in their inhumanity or hostility, they fired a
gun at one of our ships, and robbed some prop-
erty from a Mr. Hopkins, who, if I understand
rightly, never had any property. That is really
about the history of that transaction, as I under-
stand it. We have sent an armada to cross the
ocean, to ascend mighty rivers, with an army of
three thousand men on board the iieet, for the
purpose of taking satisfaction from Mr. Lopez,
for the Paraguayan wrong to Mr. Hopkins and
to Captain rage.
All this may have been well and proper. I am no
more forsubmitting to insults than are others; but
I think I might receive other insults that I would
prefer first to notice. I think our imperial eagle,
which is spoken of so eloquently, soaringoverour
headsfand making her way to the skies, need not
have sent three thousand miles to punish a petty,
dirty chief of Paraguay, whose whole people, men
