1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
the deposition of Hewitson appears to have
been taken at Galveston. It is to be observed that
the Lapsley cases, in which it was intended to
be used, were then in transitu, in obedience to the
order of transfer, and that the transcript was in
the pocket of Robert Hughes, at Galveston. The
deposition was taken before Archibald Hughes,
a son of Robert Hughes, an agent of Lapsley,
"Watrous, and others, in their land transactions,
deputy marshal, then, or formerly deputy elerk
and United States commissioner in Judge Wat-
rous's court. There, before this creature of the
'court, without notice to the counsel of Spencer,
then in Galveston, and selecting the time when
the suits were in transitu, it was managed to take
this deposition of a confederate in the land trans-
actions both of court and counsel.
The introduction of this deposition was made
with an adroitness and secrecy characteristic of
the parlies who managed it. They were gov-
erned by constant policy and secrecy, that seems
to have regulated all their movements. In the
Lapsley suit, as m the Phaien suit, at New Or-
leans, they showed that appreciation of the max-
ims of the policy of Reynolds, who advised that
the case should " go off"quietly;" that'' the least
possible notoriety" should attend it, &c.
There was the deposition of the confederate
Hewitson, on which it was sought to rob the hon-
est settlers of tlieir land and homes., taken after
the transcript had. been ordered to be transmitted
to New Orleans, taken without notice to the op-
posite parties, and taken suneptitiously before a
creature of the court, and a man in intimate rela-
tions with those whose interests it was to betray
and defeat the settlers who claimpd the land. Re-
markable coincide nee, this testimony of Hewitson,
in support of the power of attorney, is taken at
Galveston, during the trial of Ufford vs. Dykes's
case, and perhaps on the very day when Hughes so
magnanimously furnished Hale with a copy,and
stipulated that no exceptions should be taken.
in my opening remarks, I allucfed to "the deep
secrecy" which surrounded, as far as possible,
the movements of the conspiracy, a .sketch of
which I have attempted to give fiom the results
of long investigation, and by the lights of some
newly-discovered evidence on tho subject. I have
pointed out, in the progress of the narrative, in-
stances of the secrecy and cunning of the man-
agement of these parties. Every means were
taken to conceal their steps, and every opportu-
nity was seized to take the opposite parties at
advantage.
The order of transfer from Austin appears to
have been entered at the November term, 1854.
The transcript was taken by Robert Hughes, with
Hewitson's deposition, which was sent him en
route to New Orleans, where the cases appear to
have been filed in Apnl, 1855. When the docket
was called there, it appears that Hughes was
anxious to have the cases disposed of with dis-
patch, and to take advantage of the supposed ab-
sence at that time of a defense. Kut in this he
was disappointed by the sudden apparition in
court of a poor settler who had traveled all the
way from the wilderness, over hundreds of weary
and painful miles, to confront the artful despoiler
of his home, and to demand justice. I let the
poor man, Ehphas Spencer, tell his story of what
transpired m the court at New Orleans, as it is
related m the printed evidence taken by the com-
mittee of the House in the Watrous investigation.
He says;
" I think he [Ilushes] said he would like to have them
[the suits] tneii at as- early a flay a* would be convenient
to the court, foi ho thought there would be no dotenso, ami
the} could not take up much of the time of t lie court in try-
ing them. Aitfr that I qot up and t>aul Unit 1 had come^onie
six bundled miles to d"lend my land, and I wished that time
should be given me to piepaie my evidence, &.o.; Jud<re
Hughes ob-erved.'Oh, Mi. Spencer, L did not know that
you weie in com t3 or any one, to attend to the suits.' *'
In confirmation of this statement of Spencer,
of the advantage attempted to be taken against
him, there is found an admission of Hughes him-
self, made in a letter to Lapsley, written when
ho was in attendance on the cases in New Or-
Orleans, Apiil, 1853:
" I will press the case?1 to trial with the utmost rigor. I
do not expect there will be any counsel nere tor the defend-
ants."
There is something here of almost pathetic -in-
terest to claim the earnest attention of this hon-
orable body. This poor settler, it appears, had
planted a home as early as 1847, on what was
then the extreme frontier of Texas, and had lived
through hardships and dangers difficult to depict,
until at last he had secured, as he fondly imagined,
a permanent resting place for his life, and had
commenced to gather the fruits of his toils and
privations, to sustain his wife and children. This
land was included in the La Vega tract, and he
was the principal defendant, representing in the
business the other settlers, who had planted them-
selves around him. He was sued in every shape,
and it would seem that every ingenuity of his
opponents was taxed to betray him. It appears
from the evidence that the suit instituted against
him at Galveston was removed to Austin, with-
out any order of transfer having been made in the
case; that he had no lawyer employed to attend
to it at Austin, and that when all the cases were
removed to JN"ew Orleans, and the transcript ear-
ned there, he heard for the fust time, and then,
too, not from those who weie prosecuting and
attempting to betray him, of Judge Watrous's
long-concealed interest in the suits, and their re-
moval on that account to New Orleans. No sooner
is he made aware of this; no sooner does he per-
ceive the long-matured conspiracy to keep him
in ignorance and to betray him and his co-suitors,
than the poor intended victim issuddenlyaroused,
i hurries to New Orleans, six hundred milesaway,
and confronts in the court-room the confederate
of Jude:e Watrous for his ruin? at the very mo-
ment that he is saying to the court that the suits
would not be defended. Well might Mr. Hughes
1 exclaim, "Oh! Mr. Spencei !" at the dramatic
I surpiise; and well may oursympathies beprompt- !
i ed by the apparition on the stage of tho poor man i
' come to save his home from the grasp of the :
spoiler; and yet at the last, by the renewed acts -
and influences of corrupt and powerful men, he is |
turned from it. !
It has been shown that it was the expectation ■
of Hughes to have the Lapsley cases dispatched, j
and to use the deposition of James Iiewitson-as i
! to the execution of the power of attorney, taken, j
j as has been seen, surreptitiously, and by a fraud - i
! ulent contrivance, befoic any of the defendants j
! or their counsel could be present to protect their ,
I rights in the trial at New Orleans. Under any !
i ciicumstances, the only proper course would have j
1 been to attach the power of attorney, which was j
j referred to in the deposition of Hewitson, and !
! made a part of it. But this is not done; it is found I
; that, after the lapse of a year from the filing of
I the deposition, when the trial of the case comes
j on, it has not even been filed. It was used in evi-
1 dence against Spencer, and still not filed; but a
j copy appears to have been substituted for it.
I Let me for a moment regard the scene m court,
! in which Robert Hughes, who had constituted
I himself the exclusive custodian of this paper,
i comes forward to sustain it by his testimony as
i a witness. Here is the representative of Judge
I Watrous, by his own evidence, establishing the
I genuineness of the paper, as that which Hewit-
son had sworn to, and which, since that time,
I had been m the possession of said Hughes. He
1 produces the paper from his pocket, without any
| indorsement, without any file mark, and identi-
,* fies it.
;i Thus it appears that the defendants in the
Lapsley cases were deprived of opportunity to
protect their rights against this forged document,
ji except upon its presentation in court. j;
i Judgment had been rendered in the case of1!
! Lapsley against Spencer on the 30th May, 1856, ;
| and six days thereafter, the following entry is j
i found in one of the Lapsley cases remaining over, ;
showing the anxiety of the pm-ties for an oppor-
tunity to sustain their plea of iorj^ery, and evi- >
dencmg the persistent attempts of Hughes to deny :
them such opportunity. 1 lead, fiom page 1
testimony in the Watrous investigation: :
Minutes, J3prtl term., 18>G. ,
Nlw Orleans, Fiiduy, June 6,1826.
JOHN \V. liAl'aLEY, )
is. > No. 2138.
D. R. Mitchell, Warren, arid James Dunn. )
The defendants, by then counsel, thi«? day suggested to j
the eoui t that heretofore, to wit: on or about the 35th day |
ol Febiuary, 1S.V>, the plaintitf herein took the deposition,^
tic bene este, of o>:c James Hewitson, to prove execution of !
a certain power of attorney purporting to have been ex*'- [
euied by Tomas Veca before Juan Gonzales, recidor of j
Leona Vicano. with Jo.-6 Nnzas Oriez and J. McMoral as 1
assisting witnesses, dated tiie 5th day of May, 1832, author- !
izing Samuel M. Williams to sell the land in controversy,
which said power of attorney defendants believe lo be a
forgery, and have so filed their pica by their attorney, which
said power of attorney has never been filed among the pa-
pers of said caus-e, although tbe same constitutes a part of
the deposition of the said Hewus on, and that the same is
yet in the possession of the plaintiff's attorney ; and there-
upon moved the couit to require and can?c the said power
of attorney to be regularly filed anions the papers of said
cause, or to be deposited with the clerk m his special charge
and keeping, subject to the inspecting of the paities, that
the defendants may have an opportunity of sustaining their
plea of forgery aforesaid by procuring witnesses to inspect
said power of,attorney. The plaintiff's counsel being pres-
ent in court, accepted servicc of this motion, and waived
tune to show cause.
Minutes, Jijnil term, 1856.
New Orleans, Monday, June 9, 1858.
John W. Lapsley, i
ys. >
D It. Mitchell and Warren. )
The rule herein taken by the defendant upon the plain-
tiff, to .show eau-e why he ?-hould not file the original of a
ceitam power of attorney, having been argued and submit-
ted on a fonner dnv. and the couit having considered the -
same, doth now oider that the said rule be disehaiged.
In the course of the debate in the House, with
respect to the charges against Judge Watrous,
considerable stress appsars to have been laid on
tiie decision of the Supreme Court of Lapsley vs.
Spencer, by which the question as to the power
of attorney in that case was settled. Prom the
dissenting1 opinion, however, of Mr. Justice*
Daniel, the all-important fact is developed, that
the question of fraud, with respect to the power
of attorney, had been taken from the jury by the
ruling of the court. He says:
" It seems to me that there was error in the instruction
of the court to the juiy ; that there was no fiaud m the
tiau-actions bv which the alleged tule to the l^nd in con-
tiovt-i>y had been obtained, or transmuted to the plain-
tur."
This fact is of tho highest importance. The
opinion of Mr. Justice; Daniel, to which 3 have
leferred, and which manifests careful and special
study of the questions connected with the powSr
of attorney, contains so clear a judgment on the
subject, that I may conclude what [ have to say
on it by quoting a portion of the learned judge's
remarks. He says:
u In the next place, wilh respect to the deduction of
title limn La Vega, to whom, it is said, a grant wna made
by t lie Gove inment, by the decree* fii>t ouunmed. The fn&t
step in tbe deruignuieut of tins title is the paper, Hyled the
power ot attorney, fiom La Vega to William*, dated May
o. 1S30 The authenticity of this paper icms upon no foun-
dation of legitimate evidence it cannot be eon^iderftri as
pn^esvinu the diguitv and venty of a record, nor of a copy
fiom a n'coiti. It i- not ^hown that the laws of Texas re-
qimed it to be icc<>id<'d , and without «uch a iequation it
could not be made, in legal acceptation, a record, by the
meie will or act ol a private person. This paper doe> not
appear to have been placed on record; and if. m truth, it
had been roeoided in a pioper l* ii<il sense, vtill there i* no
copy =aid to have been taken fiom aiecoid, or certified by
an v'legal cu-todian of the record or of the original docu-
ment "  -•***•*****
u It has been seen that thi*. document is neither a record,
noi a copy troin a record. The language ot the instrument,
and that of the certificate of Gonzales, alike contradict any
e-ueb conclusion The eei ttfieate declares it to be a copy of
a pi ivate paper, and nothing more." * * * *
•< The irregulauues connected with this alleged power of
attorney *et in to me too glaring, and too obviously liable to
gio^ ahu^e, and tend too'strongly to injury to the rights of
piopnrty, to be tolerated in courts governed by correct and
safe rules of evidence."
Judgment was rendered in New Orleans in favor
of the plaintiff in tiie suit of Lapsley vs. Spencer,
as I have stated, on the 30th of May, 1856. After
the decision of this suit, it appears tha.t in another
; of the Lapsley cases remaining on the docket, viz:
j Lapsley «?. Mitchell and Warren, a commission
i was taken out by the defendant to take the^tes-
] timonv of Tomas de la Vega, of the La Vega
; grant, and of Jose Cosme de Castenado, the cus-
: todian of the archives at Saltillo, with reterencc
to the power of attorney heretofore so frequently
! referred to, which purported to have been made
fiom La Vega to Williams. These depositions
! were returned in March, 1857. In that of La
j Vega the deponent denies ever having signed any
I such paper as tho power; and in that of Caste-
nado, the custodian of the archives, the deponent
swears that the alleged power of attorney was—
" Signed only by th^ alcalde, Don Juan Gonzales and Don
Jose Maria de Aguirre. and not by Don Ratael Aguirre or
Don Toma- de la Vega, or the witnesses, where-
fore the said document can be of no f fleet; and that in ver-
ification ot all that he has stated, he refers to the original
documents, winch ex<st m the archives underhis charge."
This was the first public declaration made from
Saltillo of the forgery of the document. Now,
