15
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
and women, hardly exceed the limits of one of our
Indian tribes. Was it worth our while? We
have sent a fleet, a spectacle to all the nations on
every side, to make our name terrible among the
regions of South America. Sir, formerly, it was
our great and glorious policy to make our name
respected and loved. Now we sail ten thousand
miles to avenge an insult, and make it notorious
to al! the world. The cannon is to tell all the
world, that the American Republic is in a great
passion at Paraguay. That is the way we are
getting on, and under the bill of which I have
spoken, we shall have a dozen such little wars to
amuse us, morning, noon, and evening.
Sir, that is no way to make that progress which
I trust my country is to make. I am for progress;
yes, I am for all that progress which is consistent
with conservatism, and I am for all that conserv-
atism which is consistent with progress. That is
my view. 1 am for proceeding wisely and slowly.
Let "hasten slowly" be our maxim of policy.
I think it is not an unwise one, though L have
no doubt it has something a little old fogyish
about it.
In addition to all this, what more mischief have
we to do in the world now? What violation of
the peace of others have we to commit, in order
to keep our own? The President of the United
States, in his message, suggests that we shall seize
two provineesof Mexico, Chihuahua and Sonora;
and there is no doubt, we are told, that Mexico
will consider it a very friendly act. It would be
* little surprising to me if she did, for it has not
been ordinarily the case that a nation considered
such action friendly. But we are to seize these
two provinces; for what purpose? To defend our
frontier of Anzonaagamst Indians and Mexicans,
who come from the Mexican side! That is the
reason urged for it.
Now, Mr. President, does it occur to you that
it is absolutely necessary to go on the Mexican
side to preventthem from invading Arizona ? Sup-
pose you were to place troops within our own
borders on this side of the Mexican line, would
not that prevent invasions of Arizona just as well ?
But we want a little exercise to employ the Army;
wc want them in constant athletic exeiciso, pre-
pared for war, ready to defend the frontiers of
Arizona, which is said to be as utter a wilderness
as the sun slunes upon within the limits of this
continent. Jn all us vast borders, there are not
more than ten thousand people at the highestesti-
mate, and eight thousand of them, I believe, are
included now within the territorial government of
New Mexico.
Mr. COLLAMER. All of them; Arizona is
all in New Mexico.
Mr. CIUT'l ENDEN. There aie a few sparse
settlements hundredsand hundreds of miles apart,
constituting what we call, poetically, Arizona. It
is to defend Arizona that you are to take posses-
sion of two somewhat populous Suites, old States,
in Mexico—Chihuahua and Sonora. Nothing
could be more rash; nothing could be a more
heedless violation of the rights of other neutral
nations than that we should undertake to seize
upon a portion of the territory of Mexico.
We nre to set out upon all these works. The
Prt\sid<nt is to have power to make little wars
with little nations all around, and lie U* to seize
Chihuahua and Sonora to defend our wilderness
of A1 izona fiom Mexican invasions. There arc
very few people there, if any; and as for the old
common law complaint for entering a man's close
and treading down his grass, if I understand it,
there is vvjy jutie grass there, and a man might
travel for days and never tianiple down a single
spear. All this rounds to my ears as most un-
wise and most improvident. Wc ought not to be
guilty of anything that is little. If the great am-
bition of the nation piompts H to some violation
of law or right, let it be for something worthy;
something that will tend to accomplish empire,
or something else woith incurring u hazard for,
and worth incurring, at the time, the censure and
rebuke of the world; no stealing along the border;
no making of little unconstitutional, predatoiy,
Waifaies; no seizing of other people's provinces,
under pretense of defending our own. We can
defend every inch of ours in other ways.
1 must recur for a single instant to a branch of
the subject that i have left behind, and I must
say that I think our present President, with all
his ability and all his wisdom, and the general
conciliation ot his manner, is not exactly the best
qualified for this negotiation; and I will tell you
why, I am afraid Spain will be particularly jeal-
ous of him. We remember, in the political his-
tory of this country, that a few years ago a letter
was published, under the signature of three of
our foreign ministers, to the most distinguished
Courts of Europe, of whom Mr, Buchanan was
one. 1 allude to the Ostend letter, which was
signed by Mr. Buchanan, our Minister to Eng-
land, Mr. Mason, our Minister to France, and
Mr. Soule, our Mintstcr to Spain. Spain was sup-
posed to take consideiable offense at that letter.
It taught this doctnnc: that if Cuba, in our judg-
ment, was more important and valuable to us than
it was to Spain, and we offeied Spain what we
thought was a fair price and she refused to take
it, then there was a sort of intimation, that seemed
to be so evanescent and so sublime that it was hid
a little in the clouds; but the result of it all, to
mortal ears and mortal appreciation, was, then
take it. Who knows but that Spain may consider
this oiler, thus publicly made against her avowed
will, as that sort of diplomatic conclusion that we
mean to buy if she will sell, but, if she will not, to
take the island ?
In my poor judgment, Mr. President, the time
never was so unpropitious as it is now to make
this purchase. We arc proposing to buy what
the owner will not sell, and what we have not the
money to pay for. We must go on credit for it.
I say again to tiie President, '*0o on, sn ; the ob-
ject is worthy of your efforts; buy Cuba if you
can. If, against all these circumstances, which
would seem to repel every hope of success, you do
succeed, the more is your honor and the greater is
your credit.55 The President has thepower to ne-
gotiate independent of us; the Constitution gives
him power to appoint ministers and conduct ne-
gotiations; let him cxercise his judgment upon
the subject; he stands responsible* to the country.
When lie shall have made a treaty, he must lay
it before us, and then we shall act upou our re-
sponsibility. 1 say to him, "Go on, with a full as-
surance that if you can obtain the cession on fair
terms, we will ratify your treaty, and comply
with all the conditions of payment.'' This is the
foundation of all our negotiations. This is the
constitutional basis on winch the President ne-
gotiates with all the world, lie makes a treaty
and we ratify it: and thus the nation has the ben-
efit and the assurance of the independent action
of each of these two lesponsible parties; its guar-
antees and securities are double. I do not, in ex-
traordinary cases, however, take any exception
to the President's previous consultation with the
Senate; but I say the general rule is,for the Presi-
dent to take the whole of his own responsibility;
to appoint his minister and negotiate his treaty;
and when he has done that, he refers it to the
Senate, and they advise and consent to its ratifi-
cation or rejection; and this, i say, is the most
advantageous course, generally, lor the nation.
All other modes are exceptional. This is the
general, safe, aild constitutional rule; each to act
separately and independently, so as to give to the
whole country the greatest possible assurance that
these independent powers, by their concurrent
action, will guard the interests of the country.
1 have cheered the President on, telling him
candidly the difficulties I found in the way, and
expressing my want of faith m his success at the
present time; but I sayto him, " Go on, sir; and
the more be your honor, if 1 have halted in this
great career; go on, and the more honor you will
be entitled to for yourself, if you succced." But
the President tells us further, in his message:
The publicity which has been given to oar former nejrn-
nations upon this subject, and the large approbation which
may be ltquned to elfect tlie purpose, lendoi u oApetheui,
beioru making another attempt to renew the negotiation,
that i should lay the whole subject betrne Conerres-*. Tms
is especially necessaiy, as it may become indispensable
to hueee-sb that I should be intrusted with the means? of
making an advance to the Spanish Government immediately
1 alter the signing of the treaty, without awaiting the ratiiica-
I hon of it by the Senate. i am encouraged to make this sug-
gestion, by the example of Mr. JefFeison previous to the
purchase of Louisiana from France, and by that or Mr. Polk
m view of the acquisition of territory tiom Mexico."
Thirty million dollars is the sum which has been
settled upon as that which is indispensable to the
President's success; and, in the language of the
bill, this is to enable him to make a tieaty with
Spain,and the money is to he used after the treaty
shall have been ratified by Spain and signed by
the representative of this Government, without
awaiting its ratification by the Senate. This is
the money that is wanted for that purpose. There
is my difficulty. The President is encouraged by
the instance in the administration of AJ r. Jefferson
of an appropriation for the purpose of making
his purchase of Louisiana. It ought to have en-
couraged him but very little. If he had reflected
upon these cases and the difference between them,
I think he would not press the analogy. What
were the circumstances, what wns the powerful
exigency, that existed in the case of the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana? Mr. Jefferson, with all the
adroitness of a skillful and veteran ruler, had been
negotiating, and had ministers running between
Madrid and Pans for the purpose of getting up
and consummating the purchase of Louisiana.
Spam was under some obligation for an exchange
of temtory given by France—the Duchy of Par-
ma, I think—and for some other considerations,
to concede Louisiana to Napoleon. This was the
condition of things. War was then flagrant, or
it had broken out, or was just about to bieak
out, after the peace of Amiens, between England
and France, and of course it would spread over
the whole continent. Bonaparte apprehended that,
if it were announced to England that he was the
beneficial owner of Louisiana, England would
proceed against Louisiana as his property as soon
as a British fleet could sail across the ocean. With
Spam she was at peace. This rendered Bona-
parte willing to sell—anxious to sell. The Uni-
ted States Apprehended that England would seize
it, and all parties were averse to that. Bonaparte
found this Government willing and anxious to
make the purchase. He wanted money instantly,
as he was about to be engaged in a war with all
the world.
These were the mighty exigent circumstances
under which Mr. Jefferson was able to inform
Congress, " Wc can buy Louisiana, but it must
bo done now; prompt action is necessary; post-
pone it to go through the ordinary forms of diplo-
macy and negotiation, and the prize is lost for-
ever, for England will seize it." That was the
reason, and that makes the case different from
this. The general rule is to pay only after the
treaty is made and both parties have ratified it;
but heie there was a necessity to do a little more
than that, because of the exigency which the case
required. Is that the general mode in which the
President of the United States and the Senate ex-
ercise the treaty-making power? Certainly it is
not. We all know, by daily practice and expe-
rience what the ordinary rule is. This is an ex-
ception. This is not the safe, ordinary, beaten
path of the Constitution. It is a new and excep-
tional way to embiace an exceptional case.
ri he other case which encourages the President
is that of Mr. Polk in respect to Mexico. We had
had a war with Mexico, and Mr. Polk was very
anxious to make a treaty by which we should ob-
tain some territory. It was very doubtful whether
there was vitality or national function enough left
in Mexico even to make a treaty. This Govern-
ment had, as it were, to hold her up to get her to
sign the terms of the treaty. She had no govern-
ment; she had no army; all were swept away.
She had not a single limb of government left.
We had really to bring her into existence by
money, for the purpose of getting her to sign the
treaty. We wore very anxious to make peace, be-
cause, if we did not make peace with her, we
feared she would soon expire, and give up her
national existence.
I know that was some of the trouble of Mr.
Polk. It was apprehended that we could not find
anybody in Mexico to make peace with. We
knew what was the condition of the country—
utteiiy exhausted. We voted $2,000,000 m the
exigencies of that case, to enable Mexico to make
a treaty; and what sort of a treaty? We knew
the treaty would be dictated just as the President
directed our negotiator to make it. That was the
consequence, and the plain, flat case before us.
There was no power of resistance, no power of
contradiction. We wrote a treaty, and she signed
it; and we knew that would be the case.
