1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to have accompanied to New Orleans the witness !
who had been obtained at an expense of $6,000. \
Still .further he may be traced, doing Judge j
Watious's work, until at last he comes forward J
as a witness for Judge Watrous, befote the Su- 1
preme Couit of the United States, to sustain his !
Honor in his act of corrupt oppression, in depriv- '
ing Mussina of his appeal in the Cavazos case. !
But I will now revert to the course taken by
the parses, League, Treanor,and Parker, in their
mission to Mexico, with respect to the power of
attorney. The three proceeded togetherusfaras
Monterey, about seventy miles from Saltillo; and
from the former place, as if the movements of the
party were again determined by the old anxiety to
avoid notoriety and attention, Treanor proceeds
alone to the seat of operations. On reaching Sal-
tiilo, it might be supposed that he would at once
have consulted the archives in relation to the
power of attorney. But instead of exhibiting
an honest purpose, by proceeding at once to the
archives, and comparing the copy which he held
with the original, directs his steps, first to tiie
house of Gonzales, a former alcalde of the place,
an o'd man, partially blind, he exhibits the im-
portant document to him, and piompts him to
give an opinion of its genuineness. A quarter of
a century had elapsed since the document pur-
ports to have been made. The old man naturally
suggests that he will go to the archives—of course,
to examine the original. Mr. Treanor's reply is,
that he does not wish this; and suggests as a
reason, "that the proof was to be taken, not for
•a Mexican, but for an American court." {Subse-
quently, hc-(Treanor) does examine the archives;
lie goes there alone; and it appears, for another
purpose than that of examining the original of this
power. And in answer to the inquiry, if he had
found anything there corresponding with the copy
or testimonio which he held, and whether he com-
pared them, replied, " I compared them not very
particularly, but I saw they were very nearly
equal." Not very particularly. Why not? The
matter of this power of attorney was the sole ob-
ject of his mission to Saltillo. " Nearly equal"
to the teslimonio.
Such is his testimony before the committee of
investigation. Strange, indeed, that Judge Wat-
rous and his astute counsel did not think proper
to ask the witness (their witness) m what respect
the original and the fpstimonio differed.
The proofs of the forgery were too plain. Trea-
nor did not dare to take the deposition of old Gon-
zales, before the authorities at Saltillo, as in such
a case, according to the law of Mexico, the officer
taking the deposition would have been required to
give notice to La Vega and other parties, whom it
was his object to keep in utter ignorance of his
machinations.
It therefore became necessary to take Gonzales
away. But it was found the old man was not
willing to leave. Here Hewitson, who resided
at Saltillo, who had, by a deposition of his own at
Galveston, sustained this forged document, and
who, it has been shown, was a general partner in
the system of fraud dealt out through the machin-
ery of Judge Watrous's court, is found to inter-
vene to effect the object of Treanor's mission.
It is eventually, by his persuasions, and by that
of $500 in money, that Gonzales is induced to
accompany Treanor, six or seven days travel to
Rio Giande City.
After Gonzales was got as far as Rio Grande
City, his deposition was taken ex naite. League
was bent upon making the most of this old man's
testimony, to obtain which, it is proved, he has
paid him at least $1,300, besides his expenses,
and was desirous ot taking the old man to New
Oileans, as he said, to testify before the couit there.
Mr. Treanor, for whose able services it is also
proved that League paid frl,3U0 over and above t
his expenses, and fu.thor sums not revealed, is \
appoioied to prevail upon Gonzales to go to New 1
Orleans. League assists in the persuasion by de- j
eoying the simple old man, as he himself stares, .
by pictures of the " progress of civilization," \
which he would see by an extension of his tiav- ;
els to New Oilcans. It appeals, however, that ;
the payment of seven or eight hundred dollais ad- ;
dmonal, which League said was to compensate j
the old Mexican, who was a tanner, for some ;
hides left in his vats, proved more powerful in >
inducing him to go fo New OiU'nns than the ;
alluring picture of 41 civilizationV with winch he ■
was promised to be amused. In his testimony
before the committee, League says that he prom-
ised the old man, if he would go to New Or-
leans, to show him "a steamboat and a railroad."
By a very wonderful coincidence, just as he was
using his persuasion," "the steamboat came
pulling up towards Rio Grande City." "Iiow
pretty," ho said; " we can go on that boat, and
be taken to New Orleans." But old Gonzales
cared more for the hides, either absolutely or con-
structively, in his vats,than for taking "pretty"
tours on " puffing steamboats." Mr. League then ,
tries another temptation, by offering htm seven
or eight hundred dollars in the shape of compen-
sation for his hides; and " by that means," says
Mr. League in his testimony, " we got him to
New Orleans."
It is worthy of remark what boldness is dis-
played in the actions of League and Treanor, in
attempting to assert the validity of this power of
attorney on the personal testimony of this poor
| old man. Who is Gonzales, that his deposition
ishould have snch value? He is without official
; station; he is the custodian of nothing; without
i judicial favor, his oath can amount to no more
than that of any other ordinary person.
League, Treanor, and Parker, proceed with the
witness to Galveston. , Thus, it appears, he is
brought to the residence of Judge Watrous, Rob-
ert Hughes, and William G. Hale. It appears
that Gonzales is not sworn in Galveston; but he
is putheie in charge of Robert Hughes, who, in
company with League and Treanor, carry him to
New Orleans. In the testimony of Mr. League,
fi om which I have just made some quotations, he
makes the profession that his object in getting
Gonzales to New Oilcans was to introduce him
before the court as a witness. But this is not done.
The witness is taken before a commissioner,and
makes another deposition; thus leaving without
explanation the e.ause of the removal of Gonzales
from Saltillo, for the purpose of taking his depo-
sition.
On page 4G1 of the printed testimony in the
Watrous case will be found the deposition of the
witness Gonzales. Oil the examination in chief
he makes out a pietty good story, and shows
evidence of careful drilling. But the cross-ex-
amination which ensues reveals the most mel-
ancholy and painful case of depravity that is con-
ceivable.
It is only with feelings of the strongest aver-
sion that wo can contemplate such an example of
open falsehood, and glaring and painful contra-
dictions in the testimony of a sworn witness. It
is only on the cross-examination that the fact is
drawn out from the old man, on piesentation of
the power of attorney to him, that he cannot read
it. His sight is so decayed that he has to ac- !
knowledge that he could not read the writing, I
unless drawn up in letters as large as thos-e on a
street sign, which was pointed out to him over
tiie way.
It is to this trashy, miserable evidence of this
poor old blind man, who was procured as a wit- '
ness, th rough judge Watrous's suggestion, bribed i
with money, and drilled so far even as to make :
him suppress the fact of the decay of his sight; ]
it is to this revolting example of the pmchasi-d !
and perjured evidence of an old Mexican dotard,
that Judge Watrous, m his answer to the com-i
mittee ot investigation, has pointed with an air ;
of triumph for ius vindication and for tiie proof
of the genumems^ of the forged power of attor- j
ney, and as " placing it beyond all controveisy or .
debate." lie (Watrous) is ceitamly more to be .
execrated for the defiance of truth and of decency, j
m endeavoring to impose such «i conclusion upon j
the committee, than the poot Mexican driveler, :
who was seduccd and mblded to his purpose by
bribery.
To cap the climax of effrontery exhibited in th« ■ !
parade made of old Gonzales's test'mony, hut one ;
circumstance was wanting; and that seems to have j
been supplied by that useful creature, John Trea- ,
nor. At the same examination before the com- ,
rn issionerat New Orleans, he isactualiy introduced ,
to testily to the respectability of the deponent,
Go zaies. The feather wonder appears that he ■
gets his information from Hewitson. '
And as to Jiewnson V former deposition to the
g^iiuineiiPss of the power of at torn""/, a few words
just here may dispose of the question of the ve- ,
racity* g-meraliy, of his Mut;mon:s. He had
sworn, in his deposition at Galveston, that Gon-
zales was dead. Yet it appears, from the testi-
mony, that Gonzales and himselfjived in thesa.me
town, and were well acquainted, with each otiier,
"acquaintances of long standing!" It-is not
necessary to canvass the truth of Mr. Hewitson's
statement, after this revelation.
However, the monstrous contradiction intro-
duced here affords another apt illustration of'the
boldness of Judge Watrous and his confederates,
in pressing the ends of their conspiracy. In 1855,
Hewitson, who was, as I have stated, one of the
heaviest suitors in Watrous's court, is at Galves-
ton. At that time the Lapsley cases are in
and are filed and tried, within sixty days, at New
Orleans. In this emergency, it suited the pur-
poses of Judge Watrous and hifc confederates, that
Hewitson should come forward and swear that
his townsman and neighbor was dead.. Yet a little
while after, it suiting their purposes, they have
the extreme and almost incredible effrontery to
introduce the formerly dead townsman.and neigh-
bor, as a living witness, under a certificate of re-
spectability obtained from Hewitson himself. Can
there be any defiance of truth more extreme, more
'unblushing, and more revolting in its shameless-
ness than this?
So far, I have followed with patience the gen-
eral narrative of this stupendous and far-reaching
conspiracy, through its windings and devices. 1
have done this to show the ramifications of the
plot, and to illustrate the boldness of the actors.
That boldness, I have shown to be especially dis-
played in the desperate attempts made to impose
upon the courts a forged power of attorney, in
the procurement and benefits of which forgery
Judge Watrous was largely interested.
However, there is one simple and summary
view of the whole matter, that, to my mind, is so
conclusive of the fraud of the parties in the La
Vega land transactions, that I cannot conceive
how a rational mind can requirt further proof of,
or remain in doubt with respect to, the existence
of corruption among the parties to the sale of this
land. I will briefly express this view, and I will
challenge upon it the judgment of this honorable
body, whether there was fairness or fraud in the
transaction.
I refer to the circumstance of the monstrous in-
equality between the amount of purchase money
to be paid by Judge Watrous and his partners,
for these lands, and their actual value at the time
of the sale. And i will start out with the well-
settled principle of law, that a purchaser, with a
notice of fraud in the sale on the part of those
selling, becomes a party to the fraud.
Here, then, as the evidence shows, we see a
body of sixty thousand aciesof choice land, worth,
at the time of sale, at least one hundred thousand
dollars, with land scrip to the amount of " tenor
twelve thousand acres," sold for the paltry sum
of $6,300. This scrip alone had a cash market
value at the time of the sale, nearly, if not quite,
equal to the whole amount of the purchase money;
but, located on a questionable title, its market
value was much more, which would render the
La Vega title an absolute donation to .these par-
ties. These lands were in the hands of tius-
toesj, Messrs. M. B. Menard and Nathaniel F.
Wiliiams. The latter was the brother of Mrs.
St. John, the party for whose benefit the sale was
made; the other was one of the large land op-
erators in Texas; and both were intimately ac-
quainted with the value ofproperty of this descrip-
tion. The tnh4, also, had been derived through
Samuel M. Williams, aiso a brother of Mrs. St.
John, who was the actor in obtaining the title,
and who knewali about it. If there was any defect
m that title, he knew of it. If there was a reason
for selling it cheap, he knew of it.
Further: it is to be noticed, that shortly previ-
ous to the sale of this land, the case of Hancock
rs.-McXunney, had been decided in the district
court of the State, wherein a title, exactly similar
to the La Yega title, as admitted by Judge Wat-
rous himself, had beeu adjudged to be valid. So
identical were the titles, as the testimony shows,
that it may be considered that the adjudication
was upon this very title, purchased from Wil-
Lams by Judge Watrous and his partuers.
Yet, under all these circumstances, this large
body ofland, worth $100,000at least,and the title
to which had just been declared valid by the dis-
trict court of the State, is sold by gentlemen who are
