1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
Now,how different is this case ? Can the Pres-
ident of the United States and the Secretary of
State give us any assurance that Spain wants to sell
this island? or, if she does want to sell it, any rea-
son for this exigency, hastening the matter with
such rapidity as'to depart from the usual course,
anil make §30,000,000 as a previous payment,
taking it out of all the safeguards which surround
it in the Treasury of the United States,and place
it in the hands of the President' Sir, I have, I
may say, a high degree of confidence in the per-
sonal integrity of the President; but that is not
the question with me here. I am dealing with
considerations far beyond those which are merely
personal. If, without a single reason to make
this an exception, hke.thecase of Louisiana or the
case of Mexico, without a single reason to take
it out of the ordinary course of negotiation, we
agree to consider it so, is it not a precedent for
having at all times hereafter a permanent appro-
priation, say of thirty or fifty millions, to aid the
President in any negotiation he may find it con-
venient to make throughoutthe world ? Why not
do that? If it is right in a case which has not a
single exceptional circumstance connected with it,
it is right in every case. Why not make a per-
manent appropriation, and say that the President
may take the money out of the Treasury of the
United States; may take it to the White House
for greater security, if he thinks proper; may keep
it there in his pocket until the time comes when,
according to the provisions of the bill, he may use
it? This exigency supposes that Spain will be
influenced by having the money paid down in-
stantly, or cotemporaneously with her ratifica-
tion of the treaty. Then, where must the money
be? In Spain. The President must, some time
before, have drawn the money out of the Treas-
ury, have it in his own individual hands, and it
must be transferred to Spain in the same unsafe
condition, or at any rate freed from all the guards
which protect the people's money in the Treasury
of the United States. Are we prepared to do that ?
I do not differ with my friends from Louisiana
in their estimation of the value of Cuba. I grant
that Cuba is desirable. It is a rich and valuable
possession. It would be more important to the
United States, I, as an American, verily believe,
than to old Spain, or any other nation. No argu-
ment is necessary to prove to me that it is a great
convenience, and a very desirable possession; and,
for that reason, I say, negotiate for it in the or-
dinary way; make a treaty for a fair price, and
upon fair terms; and, for one, I will vote the price.
But why do you ask that this extraordinary course
should be pursued? Itis an extraordinary course.
There are only two or three instances of it, and
the fact of there being no more proves that it is
extraordinary. They were distinguished, and
made exceptions by extraordinary circumstances.
This has not a single extraordinary circumstance
to distinguish it.. So far from it, there cannot be, j
in the mind of any gentleman, more than a slight
probability that you can make a bargain to pur-
chase Cuba at all; and yet, in the mean time, be-
fore a treaty is made, before the proposition is
even made to the Spanish Government, from the
time instructions have been given to make the
proposition, the President, under the bill, may
draw the money out of the Treasury, or borrow
it in the street, and take the safe-keeping of it into
his own hands.
Now, sir, it is not for me to place, even in the
hands of the President, such a temptation. The
Constitution does not contemplate it. The Con-
stitution does not put a dollar in his hands. Do
you not believe that the possession of $30,000,000
might be liable to abuse or conuption? We are
not here now upon personal complimentary con-
fidences to be talked of, in the President. We are
here upon constitutional grounds. The Consti-
tution does not trust him with a dollar; and yet
it gives him the power to negotiate treaties. He
has to come to Congress for every dollar. You
intrusted $2,000,000 to a President before, under
extraordinary circumstances. You are now called
upon to trust $30,000,000 withouta single extiaor-
dmary circumstance. Sir, I cannot agree to it. It
is not out of a want of personal confidence in the
integrity of the President. It is, I trust, out of my
respect and reverence for the Constitution of the
country. By assenting to it, I should not only be
hazarding the people's money, but I should be
doing more. By making one branch of the Gov-
ernment a depository of that money to an enorm-
ous amount, I should be augmenting the influ-
ence and the power of that particular branch of
the Government, and destroying the balance of
Eower which the Constitution intended to make
y the adjustment of the authority which is vested
in the various departments of the Government.
And I am now to do it to enable the President to
do—what? To make a treaty with Spain for the
cession of Cuba, and with the positive under-
standing that, after the treaty has been made, if we
do not choose to ratify it we lose our $30,000,000.
Sir, can you conceive for yourself a treaty con-
taining a cession of the Island of Cuba, a coun-
try of that wealth, of that extent, of that popu-
lation, of that peculiar opinion, that would not
require more important conditions than the mere
cession ? Is it expected that Spain is to cede it to
us absolutely and without condition? Hardly.
What are to be the conditions? Are we to ad-
mit her as a State into the Union at once, to have
a representa'tive on this floor, and to legislate for
me who am to-day called upon to legislate for
purchasing her, and to legislate for my child and
my community ? Is that to be it? If such a treaty
were made, and $30,000,000 were paid under it,
and that treaty, when it came here, showed me
under an obligation to take Cuba immediately into
this Union on a footing of equality with old Ken-
tucky, I would not think of it. If it came to min-
gle with, if it came to diminish, if it came to de-
file, my native pride and my native rights one iota,
I would care nothing for the $30,000,000, nor
would any of you, if any great essential principle
of this Government were violated.- What, sir,
violate Government at home, or any great prin-
ciple, or any great policy of it, to take in a new
State of alien people, not speaking our language,
not harmonizing with us in political opinion, of
different political experience altogether? No, sir.
In making such a treaty, the inhabitants of
Cuba ought not to be abandoned by their own
Government. Some conditions just and equitable
ought to be made; but those conditions must be
perfectly compatible with my sense of my own
rights, and the Senate's sense of its rights, in
order to secure the ratification of the treaty. They
would have nothing to fear, I believe, from the
justice of this Government; nothing to fear but
that its liberal principles would be applied to them
without any condition, and without any stipula-
tion. If Cuba is ever obtained, that is the way I
hope to obtain it. And what would be my policy
then? If I had it to-day, and had paid for it
$200,000,000,1 should think it would be our policy
to say to her, " We have rescued you from the
hands of the European system and policy; we
have rescued you from the European system of
warfare, and from being made use of as an instru-
ment against us in case such a calamity as war
with Europe should come upon this country; but
we believe it would'be better for you, and better
for us, to setup a free and independent govern-
ment of your own, under the protection of the
United States, and under the liberal terms we will
prescribe,and which you will voluntarily accept."
I think that is the best way. So thought Mr.
Marey in 1853; so wrote Mr. Marcy, in 1853, to
Mr. Soule; so I think to-day. If we are toha/e
Cuba, we are to take her with all the charges o f
government, which are not small; we are to take
her with all the discontents and disquietudes that
will certainly rise up among the natives of that
island under a foreign government. They are
threatening insurrection against Spain. That is
in part, no doubt, becausc of oppressions prac-
ticed which this Government would notpractice;
but oppression is, to a great extent, an imaginary
thing. Only let a man imagine himself oppressed,
and he is oppressed; imagine that he is not, and
he is not. Discontents would certainly rise up,
and we should have our troubles; we should have
to keep a little standing army there, if we under-
took to govern it as a dependency of the Repub-
lic. Would you leave it to be seized upon by the
first captain that might choose to present him-
self? No, sir; you must have a little army there
to preserveyourdominion. This would beindis-
pensable.
I think we shall sooner or later find it our duty
to make Cuba an independent State, under our
protection, and bound to us by certain liberal ties
of commercial intercourse and of alliance, which
are to be irrevocable. That is the best course.
By it we free ourselves from their government,
and we leave to them all the trouble and all the
expenses of their own government; we relieve*
ourselves from all inconveniences and dangers to
which the possession of Cuba by a European
Power of any force would expose us. We get
all we want—peace and security for ourcommerce
in the Gulf of Mexico. Then the island will be
held, if not by us, for us by friends; we shall
have bought it, and paid for it, and made them its
voluntary rulers. That, I think, is the best course.
In agreeing to grant this liberty, of course we
should make such stipulations as our own secu-
rity required, and which would not be incompati-
ble with theirs.
Mr. President, I have occupied much more
time than I intended on this subject. I say again,
I am content that the President of the United
States shall go on with negotiation and acquire,
if he can, the Island of Cuba. I am not willing
to give this sum of $30,000,000. For his sake, I
am not. For the country's sake, and upon the
principles of the Constitution, I am not. It is not
good for him to have it. As certainly as the sun
exists, there will be those who will charge'him
with misapplying the money. What does he
want with it? they will say. There is no proba-
bility of negotiating a cession with Spain, and
why does the President want to keep $30,000,000
at his sole and arbitrary control in the White
House? Why does he want it—to enable him to
make a treaty ? Is it to be used for any purpose
of corruption, in order to get a treaty? or is it a
great general magnificent delusion thrown out;
the political fireworks of the Administration set
blazing now to give a new view and new com-
plexion to the rather darkened features of the
Administration? What is it? What do you
want it for ? If Spain will sell, wc shall pay di-
rectly the bgrgain is made. Does Spain doubt
the United States?- Cannot Spain go into the
market to-day and sell whatsoever she may want
of this debt upon the people of the United States,
and will not the world take it? I see no plausible
reason, nor has a plausible pretext been assigned
by anybody who has advocated this bill,for tak-
ing the money out of the Treasury beforehand,
and placing it m the pocket of the President of the
United States. Suppose the proposition was that
we should take the money out of the Treasury,
and we Senators become sixty-six guardians of
it, what would the country expect would become
of the money? Sir, the Treasury of the United
States is the constitutional depository of the pub-
lic money, made so by the Constitution and by
the law. It is not fit that we should change that
depository without a reason; and if we do change
it, it is not fit that we should place it m the hands
of the President of the United States—the last
hands m which it should be placed, the very last.
His hands, at least, ought to be preserved pure;
uusoiled by money; unsuspected. I would not
expose him to that unescapable suspicion. I
would not, without a cause, hazard the people's
money in any President's bands. Onr Govern-
ment is not built up on the insecure foundation of
personal confidence. We rely upon institutions
as security for the public money and for the pub-
lic rights.
Shall we, the Senate of the United States, dis-
parage ourselves in the exercise of the treaty-
1 making power? The Constitution gives us the
i power of passing upon the ratification of every
! treaty. The President, with the advantage of
i money in his hands, may make a bargain that he
: knows is not exactly agreeable to us. Is it right
! to let him come to us and say, " $30,000,000 have
! been paid, and if you do not ratify the treaty it
| will be lost?" Have we a right to place ourselves
under that species of influence without a cause,
I unnecessarily ? Where is the gentleman now who
is willing to say, I will put my hand in the Treas-
ury of the United States, take out $30,000,000,
and place it in the hands of the President to await
his future arbitrary expenditure? Where is the
j man ?
| Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Ken-
| tucky allow me to make a single remark ?
