160
APPENDIX TO THE CQNQRESJSIGN AL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. if the Senator can frame any
amendment that will place this money beyond the
control of the President until the treaty shall have
been-ratified in th,e manner that the President pro-
poses in his message, and that the bill proposes,
1 will accept it, with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. CRITTENDEN.' I take the bill exactly
ass its friends, and the friends of the President,
make it. 1 take the bill exactly as the President
in his message, in terms, recommends it. I am
arguing against their proposition. The President
desires not only to have the $30,000,000 given to
him, but he desires further the privilege of using
it before the ratification of the treaty by the
Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. These are the express
terms of his message. I wish to deal in all possi-
ble candor with this subject, as gentlemen will
observe. I am not willing to make any appro-
priation of money, because I do not believe there
is the remotest probability now of making such
a treaty with Spain. I do not want to make such
an appropriation for another reason, because even
if I did think there was a probability that a pur-
chase might be made, I say, let the Presidentgo
on, make your treaty acquiring the island, and
as soon as you have done so, I will vote the money
to pay the price that is agreed to be given for it.
This, I say, is the ordinary mode, and I am not
willing to weaken our own hands by putting
money in the hands of the President in this way.
I am not willing to expose the Chief Magistrate
of the country to the suspicion that would attend
the arbitrary possession by him of such a sum of
money, i will not vote for the appropriation of
it in any way, because I do not believe it is t,o bo
expended. Why not? Recause, as I said, I be-
lieve this scheme of policy will all burst like a
bubble—all a mere piece of fanfaronade, nothing
more—as I said before, a sort of political fireworks
set off just now to amuse and entertain the people
with undefined and exaggerated projects. I will
not vote for it, nor will 1 favor it; but 1 will resist
all schemes tjiat have that appearance. Gentle-
men, I am sure, will understand me with the same
candor with which I express myself. 1 do not
mean to impute any improper motives. These
measures come from the President, and it is but
the natural effort to let the President have the ad-
vantage of Ins own views, and carry them ipto
effect. I say to him, go on; and if you make a
treaty, I will vote the money; but, in the mean-
time, excuse me for not giving $30,000,000 out of
the Treasury to put in your pocket to be kept
under your safe-keeping to be applied to the treaty,
until 1 know what it is.
Mr. DAVIS. If it will not interrupt my friend
from Kentucky, I wish to call his attention to a
single point, that this money will be no more in
the hands of the President than the appropriation
ror foreign intercourse now is. 'I hat is to say, it
will be in the Treasury, subject to be drawn by
the warrant of the President, instead of being
drawn by the warrantof one of his executive offi-
cers. That will be the only difference between
this money and any other. He will have no more
the custody of it, save as he draws it out by a
warrant, and that warrant to be entered ill a book
subject to future examination and inspection, than
lie would have of any other money in the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 think I comprehend
this subject; and I think my friend from Missis-
sippi does not comprehend it exactly. ThePies-
ident cannot, under any one of your appropria-
tions, on his warrant, draw a dollar.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; that is what I say.
Mr. CRI rTENDEN. But if you pass this bill
—what then ? Cannot the President draw out this
money the next day, or cannot he borrow it the
next day, and make the Secretary of the Treas-
ury issue certificates of stock for it, and put them
in his pocket, and keep them there until he deems
it necessary to use them ? May he not say, " I
must keep it, and not only keep it, but employ
my own agents to send it to Madrid ?" Certainly
my friend will see that this is the inevitable con-
sequence.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not think I made myself
understood. I said the difference was, he could
draw it by a warrant, and only by a warrant, and
that that warrant must be entered in a book kept
in the State Department, subject to future inspec-
tion and exposure, if there was anything cor-
ruptly or improperly done in relation to the fund;
but it is a fund in the Treasury, and differs not at
all from other money in the Treasury, except in
the form of drawing it; for the President, having
the power to control his executive officers, can
reach the control of the Treasury indirectly in
other cases.
Mr. CRITTENDJEN. I dp not know the for-
malizes of this thing. I do nof, lpiow whether the
President must draw a warrant. I suppose he
might go with the law in his hand, and say, give
me the money; but the President has it in his
pleasure to draw it. When I say this is putting
money in the President's pocket, I mean it is giv-
ing it to him at any time he pleases to take it, be-
fore any public use can be made of it; to keep it
in his pocket indefinitely until it chooses to.please
him, by his ministers, to make provision for its
payment to Spain. It puts all at his will and
PlMS" SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Kentucky allow me to interrupt him for a
moment? .
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr SEWARD. A matter occurred in this de-
bate just now which I wish may be set right. I
understood the honorable Senator from Louisiana
to offer to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that, if he would propose any amendment that
would keep this money from the President's
hands and in the Treasury, until after the treaty
should be ratified by the Senate of thg United
States-  . , , , . r • 1
Mr. SLIDELL. I said no such thing. I said,
in the terms of the message itself, until the treaty
should have been ratified in compliance with the
recommendation of the message, which, of course,
meant ratification by Spain, and signature by our
SEWARD. I beg pardon of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, for my interruption.
I misunderstood the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be very glad
in any way I could do it, consistently with my
own sense of propriety, to facilitate the acquisi-
tion of Cuba; but that is not upon a general prin-
ciple of wanting anything and everything, but it
is on account of the peculiar fitness of the Island
of Cuba to our great interests, because of the in-
security it may create under foreign control, be-
cause of the peculiar advantages it would give to
us. It belongs to us geographically; it must come
to us; it must become ours before very long. We
need not, I think, be very impatient about it. To
<-et rid of our impatience now may be worth
tm) 000,000, and I am not willing to give it.
We are getting along very well without it. Every
day and every hour of the day, we are getting
more and more able to do for ourselves and by
ourselves, without the Island of Cuba or any
other island, orall the other islands in the ocean.
Tell me that Cuba is necessary, absolutely neces-
sary to the preservation of this Government!
Why, sir, my national pride as an American re-
volts at the idea. Tell me that the want of that
island will destroy and dismember this Union !
No such thing. 1 allow no such ideas to enter or
possess my mind.
Sir, let us cultivate the internal resources of our
prosperity; let us grow, as we are destined to
o-row, by a natural affiliation and association,
without force, without violence, by the will of all,
and Cuba will fall, like the ripe fruit, into our
lap We had hetter hasten slowly in this matter;
that is my idea. We do not want the trouble and
expense of governing other people; much less do
we want to bring into the bosom of our Republic*
people who, like the Asiatics that came to Rome,
Governed Rome. When we have had possession
of Chihuahua for a good long while under a pro-
tectorate, to guard the borders of Arizona, it may
grow into an American province, for all you and
I know; and I may have the honor of address-
ing the gentleman from Chihuahua as one of my
brother Senators; but I hope I shall never see that
time. I do not want to see our Anglo-Saxon race;
I do not want to see our American tribe, mingled
up with that sort of evil communication. I mean
evilln a political sense. They do not understand
our rights; they do not think as we think; they
do not speak as we do.
I am not for universal expansion. Some little
concentration, some little condensation, seems to
me to be the mode of gathering together the great-
est amount of human or of intellectual power. Of
late, it has been spid that expansion is the true
policy of the country, and that none but cowards
and fools oppose it. Such is the declaration which
the newspapers ascribe to the President of the
United States; I will not believe it to be authentic,
though I have seen it in the Union newspaper, and
I am told the Intelligencer reports the same thing.
I say I will not consider this as authentic, and I
will not act upon it as such. If a President
should ever be found to say that in the ears of the
Congress of the United States, to say in a mes-
sage to Congress such words, then I should have
something to say about it. If that be the policy
of the President, why has he not told us so ? The
Constitution makes it his duty to recommend to
Congress the policy which he thinks necessary
and proper for the country. If he had said such
a thing to a petty crowd at midnight, why could
he not have said it to us here? It cannot be.
Sir, I want my country to go on growing greater
and greater every day and every moment. 1 do not
know that that greatness is to be achieved simply
by adding more and more acres to our territory.
There is a great deal to be done in the interior of
our country; a great deal of moral and of intellect-
ual culture and of material improvement in the
heart of our country. I want to see that.glorious
country filled up with its arts and with its indus-
try, animated as it can be by all its talents, en-
riched by all its industry. That is the glory which,
I think, we should cultivate for some time to
come, and that is the way in which we are to
achieve great results.
Sir, I will not occupy your time longer. My
purpose was but to state fully, and to state, as I
nope I have done, briefly the reasons which would
induce me to vote against this bill. I have done
so; and I thank the Senate for its attention.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
make a motion for an executive session ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will insist on his right to occupy the
floor.
Mr. HALE. I may as well say now what
little *1 have to say.
Mr. GREEN. There is important executive
business, and I thought it would accommodate the
Senator to go on to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire yield the floor to the motion of the Senator
from Missouri ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I propose to submit at
the present time what little I have to say on this
subject. I have read, Mr. President, with some
care, the report of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations recommending this measure, and I have
also read the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and I will endeavor, as well as I may,
to present very briefly what I think to be the ar-
gument of the committee. They start out, not
with attempting to prove, but with assuming,
that the acquisition of Cuba is a matter of great
importance; and they say that to undertake to
prove that it is of importance, would be " as much
a work of supererogation as to demonstrate an el-
ementary problem in mathematics, or one ofthose
axioms of ethics or philosophy which have been
universally received forages;" and further," that
the acquisition of Cuba may be considered a fixed
purpose of the people of the United States, a pur-
pose resulting from political and geographical ne-
cessities."
Well, sir, I think I understand something of
the doctrine of necessity—I mean political neces-
sity. It has been characterized in all time as the
plea of tyrants. Geographical necessity I do not
understand so well; but I may be permitted to
say at the outset, that I do not think tropes
and figures are always the best arguments. In
some of the arguments which have been ad-
duced for the acquisition of Cuba outside of the
report of the committee, political gravitation has
be;en brought in to work with pplitical necessity
