1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong..,.2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
and geographical necessity, and it is said that
Cuba is gravitating to us. I think the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toojmbs] would have us infer
that this gravitation began a great while ago, and
that the velocity has been increasing in propor-
tion to the squares of the distances, until it has
got now so great that it can hardly be resisted,
Well, sir, it will be a curious subject for some
of those political philosophers to inquire why.it
is that this law of gravitation, which we have,
ordinarily been taught to consider as universal,
operating alike upon all particles of matter, in all
conditions, does not operate upon some of the
adjacent islands; why, stretching itself out, it has
not affected Yucatan. How, in the name of grav-
itation, is it that every one of the British islands,
great or small, has not been affected by this mag-
netic influence? Why is it that this political
gravitation uniformly affects the possessions of
weak and feeble Powers ? Gravitation, we have
not ordinarily supposed, was subject to such con-
siderations.
But the great argument of the Committee on
Foreign Relations is that it is a very convenient
island; that it will be very desirable for us to pos-
sess it. I can understand that argument. That
is,an argument which is not ordinarily used in le-
gislative assemblies, but in very different places,
and under very differentcircumstances; it may be
characterized—1 do not know how to characterize
these doctrines independently of their authors,
but 1 mean to do it; I mean to speak of doctrines
—it is the doctrine of the highway; it is the doc-
trinp of powerand of might; it looks upon a thing,
and says it is desirable, and, therefore, we ought
to have it; and we will have it.
But the Committee o'n Foreign Relations go on
further. They undertake to prove, and 1 think
they do prove, pretty conclusively, that we not
oqly WAnt it, but that we have been wanting it for
a long time past. I agree to that. I,f you will
show me a place on God's earth that power and
avarice lust for to-day, I will show you a place
that power and avarice lusted for years ago, and
still I shall have done little or nothing to demon-
strate the morality or the justice of the feeling that
is entertained. I wish, however, to examine a
tale in detail the proofs that are arrayed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to show that
this has been so desirable. These proofs are to
be found in the writings of Mr. Jefferson, Mr.
Clay, Mr. Buchanan,Mr. Alexander Everitt, Mr.
Edward Everett, Mr. John Cluincy Adams, Mr.
Van Buren, and Mr. Marcy. I concede, for the
sake of the argument, that all these gentlemen
have lusted after Cuba; but I think, so far as the
authority of Mr. Jefferson is concerned, he goes
against the acquisition^ for Mr. Jefferson, in the
writing quoted by the committee, in their report,
says nothing should ever be accepted by us which
would require a navy to defend it. That is Jef-
ferson's opinion. 1 apprehend to-day, there is no
man in' this Senate, no man in this Congress, no
man in this country, whose opinion is worth any-
thing, who will tell you that Cuba can be defended
by sea without a navy.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to interrupt
my friend from New Hampshire, but he is quot-
ing Jefferson's opinion upon this point; and in
that very letter from which he is quoting, Jeffer-
son says Cuba can be defended without a navy,
and that is the reason he recommends it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Jefferson says that nothing
should be ever accepted by us which could not be
defended without a navy; and it is true, as the
Senator from Florida says, that, in the same let-
ter, Mr. Jefferson expresses the opinion that Cut a
could be defended without a navy. Well, sir, as
I said yesterday, I do not believe in the infallibil-
ity of the Senate, nor do I believe in the infalli-
bility of Mr. Jefferson. Mr. Jefferson had a nat-
ural and innate and an undying hatred of a navy;
and I suppose that the great reason of his hatred
to the Navy was, that it was the pet-child of the
old Federal party. It was the great bone of con-
tention between the parties of that day; and if
there was one thing Mr. Jefferson abominated it
was a navy. You know, Mr. President, that one
of the first measures of his administration, when
he came into power, was to undertake to substi-
tute gun-boats for vessels-of- war, which had been
introduced by the Federal party. ButMr.Jeffer-
New Series.—No. II.
son, when he expressed the opinion that Cuba
could be defended without a navy, was entirely
ignorant, for the thing had not existed, of the
creation of a great steam marine. If Mr. Jeffer-
son were alive to-day, I apprehend that he, no
more than any other sensible man, would venture
the opinion that, at the present time, with the
present state .of the Haval affairs of the world,
Cuba could be defended without a navy, and
without a large navy.
* Mr. John Q.uincy Adams, who is also quoted
upon this subject, speaking of this matter; says:
" Numerous and formidable objections to the extension
of our ferritorial dominions beyond the sea, present them-
selves to the first contemplation of the subject."
Sir, those objections to extending our territo-
rial possessions beyond the seas which, upon the
first blush of this mattersuggested themselves to
Mr. Adams, exist to-day; and if you will go on
and read every one of the opinions of the earlier
statesmen of this country, such as Mr. Jefferson,
Mr. Clay, Mr. John Q.uiney Adams, Mr.'Alex-
ander Everitt, and Mr. Edward Everett, I think
you will find every one of their statements qual-
ified, and they express the idea that, with the
present condition of things, as they existed at the
time they wrote their letters, they were content
to let Spain occupy Cuba as she did. Mr. Edward
Everett delivers himself upon this subject—and I
think he will obtain vastly more credit and more
honor by it than ho will by going about to collect
funds to buy Mount Vernon—as follows:
" A rospftctful sympathy with the fortunes of an ancient
ally and a gallant people, with whom the United States
have ever maintained tiie most fnendly relations, would, if
no other reason exis-ted, make it oui duty to leave herm the
uii(]i>tuibud possesion of tins Utile icninant of her mighty
transatlantic empne. The President desires to do so. No
word or deed of his will ever question her title 01 shake her
possession."
That was the statement of Mr. Everett upon
this subject; and you will find, I think, the senti-
ments of everyone of those gentlemen who are
relied upon to prove that the acquisition of Cuba
would be desirable, thus qualified. But, sir, I do
not meet that argument; I give up; we want Cuba.
I mean that is the purpose of the national will.
We desire it, and wc have desired it a longtime.
Wc have desired it anxiously and earnestly. We
desire it because it is rich. It is rich in the nat-
ural productions of the earth, rich in its commcrce,
and m every way desirable for us to possess if
we could get it honorably; and if this proves any-
thing of the justice or the rightfulness or expedi-
ency of taking it, it is an argument that might be
made.
The Committee on Foreign Relations go on and
argue this question at some considerable length.
They say, m their report, that there are three
alternatives for Cuba: first, her possession by a
foreign Power, which we would never submit
to; secondly, her independence, which is impos-
sible; and thirdly, her acquisition by us, which
is inevitable. Well, sir, those are curious alter-
natives. One never can be, the other never shall
be, and the third is inevitable, and we are called
upon to-day to appropriate #30,000,000 to bring
about an inevitable consequence. I. think it was
stated by a Senator sitting on the other side of
the Chamber, in reference to manifest destiny,
"manifest destiny will take care of herself. She
wants none of our puny^and feeble aid; and I think
in the present state of the Federal Treasury it is a
wasteful and extravagantappropriation of money,
to appropriate either actually or prospectively,
$30,000,000 to bring about an inevitable conse-
quence. That is the ground on which the com-
mittee place it.
The committee not only prove that we have
always wanted Cuba, and cannot help taking it—
it is inevitable—but they go on to fortify the jus-
tice and the propriety of our taking her, by the
example of some of the other nations of the earth.
The repoit says:
<{ Let Kns?land pursue her march of conquest and annex-
ation in India, France extend her dominions on the southern
shores of the Mediterranean, and advance her frontiers to
the Rhine, or Ru&tia subjugate hei barbaiou.s neighbors in
Asia; wc shall look upon their progress, if not with favor,
at least with indifference."
Yes, sir, let Great Britain carry on her schemes
of conquest; let her annex kingdom after king-
dom in India; we look on, " if not with favor, at
least with indifference." Let France extend her do-
minions; let her pursue an<l .carry on her schemes
of conquest in Algeria; wfe will n0'KavV a WQrd
to say there. Let Russia piiHue.'utfchecked lifer
career of conquest upon the Ca'ucasus; let her aii-
ticipate the time wh'eh 'that" sidk'ihari "in Con-
stantinople will die, arid'seize upon 'Constanti-
nople mid command the Mediterranean; We .will
look on, " if not with favor, at least with indiffer-
ence." ' '
u We claim on this hemisphere-^'? ' .
here is the ground on which the claim is.put-r , -
t% the same privilege that they axercisc on tiie . > .
Then there is a beautiful line in Latin poetry.1 I
will endeavor to construe H: - 5 'J y
"llano veniam petiinosquc damusque vieissim."
Sir, whenever I hear a judge, in court give^ an
opinion in Latin, I generally conclude that heja
about to announce some infernal doctrine that,he
is ashamed to speak in English. [Laughter.]
"Hancvem&in pctimu'sque damusque vicissiia."
Now I will tell you what the petimusque am!
the damusque are in this case. Dtintiisquej we wilt
give—we will give to England liberty-to* extend
her wars of conquest and aggression'in India and
swallow it all up*, we look on, if not with faVor*
certainly with indifference. Damusque—take it:
France, take what you want atty
with your conquests, not only where you-please,
but as you please—damusque-, we give up'that.
Russia, go establish yourself on the'Mediterra-
nean and the Bosporus; if thesick mah??does
not die quite soon enough for you, smother-hmiv
between the pillows—damusque; [laughter;] \f
we do not look on with favor.we do With fnfdinep-4
enee. This, sir, is ah uncharitable worltW'ft isf
an ungrateful world; but will England and Fra'ftce
and Russia be so ungrateful and ungracious if We
have given up to them so much-; if in the scale of
damus we have thrown such tremendous weights,
as not to allow us to take Cuba. Now listen to
the petimus. We want to do a little robbing on
our own account. Here is a rich, beautiful island
lying close to our shores; its political gravitation'
is so great that we have hardly virtue to keep it off $
itis ready to fall into our hands—pedmus. [Laugh-
ter.] Stand by while we take that—hancvemam.
That is all the petimut we ask of the' world, and
this is the argument stripped of its poetry, and
translated into plain English. .
But there is another trope, and the report does
great credit to the committee, and that-is one
originally, I believe, introduced by* Mr. Adams,
and incorporated by the committee in their report.
They say:
" If an apple, severed by the tempest from its native tree,
cannot choo c but fall to the ground, Cuba, forcibly die-
jointpd from its own unnatural conneonon with Spain, and
incsipable of &elf suppoit, can grav.tate only towards the
North American Union, which, by the same law of nature,
cannot cast her off Irom its bosom.55
It is inevitable. I do not think the poetry ap-
plies. We have not to use petimus to what is inevi-
table, and will come whether we will'or not. Now,
sir, this argument of the apple is a beautiful one.
It is one that boys can understand; for wo can re-
member when we looked upon ripe apples bunging
upon the trees, and we have all of us deplorea the
waste that was accruing if the ripe apples should
fall to the ground and rot upon the soil; and some-
times, f am not certain but some of us, lest such
an extravagance as that should happen, and the
apple should grow ripe and fall when wo were not
by to catch it, have used a club to hasten this
process of nature, and knocked tiie'apple off be-
fore it got quite ripe. [Laughter.] But the com-
mittee say the apole is absolutely ripe. • Now, I
am not certain that this judgment may not have
been formed a little by the hankfering appetite of
the committee for ripe apples, instead of a' pre-
cise knowledge of what the state of'the fruit is.
[Laughter ]
These, I think, are the arguments that have
been adduced by the committee in prose and in
poetry. It is desirable; it is a rich island; we
want it now, and you cannot prove that there ever
was a time when we did not want it; we want it
very much, and are determined to hafe it} we
cannot help it; this is the only alternative there
is for us—to take it. We will let France, Rus-
sia, and England, take all the world—damiisque
—if they will only allow us to have this
