THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. Q.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Sess
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 183B.
New Series No. 50.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the second branch of the amendment,
relating to mineral lands.
Mr. PUGH. I believe I demanded the yeas
and nays on that; but, with the consent or the
Senate, I withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairhears
no objection, and the call for the yeas and nays
is withdrawn.
The second branch of the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment thus adopted is, to strike out
of the first section ot the bill the words " five mil-
lion nine hundred and twenty thousand acres of,"
and insert " an amount of public," so as to make
the section read:
That theiu be gianted to the several States arid Terri-
tories, for the purpose hereinafter mentioned, au amount
of public lands, &e.
And to add at the end of the section:
Provided, That to each State whose number of members
in the flouse of Representatives shall be increased by the
next apportionment under the ceu&us ol I860, there bhall
he granted the additional quantity of twenty thousand acres
of land, and upon the same terms, as soon as said apportion-
ment shall be made: 'And -provided further, that no mineral
lands shall be selected or purchased under the provisions of
this act.
• Mr. GWIN. I wish to move a substitute for
the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from California that there
was an amendment sent to the Chair by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. RICE. I offer that amendment now. It
is in section one, line six, after the word " quan-
tity," to insert " proportionate to the area of till-
able lands within each," so that the clause will
read:
To be apportioned to each State, a quantity proportion-
ate to the area of tillable lands witlnn each, equal to twenty
thousand acres Un each Senator and Ilepiesentauvt in Con-
gress, &c.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know from the
Senator who offered that amendment, in what
method ho pioposes to ascertain what is tillable
land in a State, and what is not?
Mr. RICE. If the amendment is adopted, I
think a way will be found to ascertain the quan-
tity of agricultural land in each State. In the
State of Minnesota there are no land's but what
are agricultural lands, and the statistics given m
the census, I believe, generally show the quanti-
ties in each State, of mineral, pine, and agricul-
tural lands, and also all lands that are worthless.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not'think the Senator
has answered the objection, for my question was
in the nature of an objection; and I think it is one
which will suggest itself to every Senator in the
Senate. It is practically impossible to tell the
quantity of tillable land in any State; it cannot
be done.
Mr. RICE-. If the amendment passes I will
offer another, requiring the appointment of com-
missioners to ascertain. It will not add more than
a million dollars to the bill.
Mr. PUGH. It occurs to mc it is as easy to as-
certain what is tillable land as it is to ascertain
what land is worth $1 25 per acre.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the honorable Sena-
tor from California offers his amendment, I ask
that the proviso be stricken out of the second sec-
tion. By common consent, i suppose it may.be
done. It is in these words:
<l Providtft, That m no case shall anv State to which land
scrip may thus be issued be allowed to loeate the same
within the limits of any other State, but their assignees may ■
thus locate said land scrip upon any of the uuappiopuated
lands of the United States subject to puvafc entty."
Mr. PUGH. Is that the proviso that author-
izes the States to assign the scrip?
The PRESIDING "OFFICER. The proviso
will be read.
Mr. PUGH. Never mind; I will vote for the
amendment anyhow.
The amendment was rejected, there being on a
division—ayes 20, noes 25.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that the proviso be
amended by inserting after the word " State," the
■words " or Territory," so that they will not be
able to loeate the scrip either in a State or a Ter-
tory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to strike out the first
section of the bill, and insert my substitute in these
words:
That there be granted to the several States and Terri-
tories, for the puipose hereinafter mentioned, five million
nine hundred an*d twenty thousand acnes of laud, to be ap-
portioned in the compound ratio of the geographical area
and representation ot said States and Territories in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the Confess of the
United States: Provided, That said apportionment f-hall be 1
made after first allotting to each State and Temtoiy fitly |
thousand acies: And provided further, That the State of '
California may locate her portion of the saullands upon any
of the unappropriated lands m that State other than mmeial ;
lands, ami not then occupied by actual settlers. i
My reason for offering this proposition is, that i
a State with a large area like California, I think,
ought to have more land than the State of Rhode
Island; but under the bill as it now stands, until
the new apportionment, they will ^;et the same.
I am very clearly of opinion that there ought to
be some equalizing of the benefits of this bill ac-
cording to the extentof country to which its ben-
efits are to be extended. We have one hundred
and twenty million acrosof land in our State, and
not a county in the State that is not larger than
Rhode Island, and I think there ought to be some
equality in the distribution.
Mr. IVERSON, Mr. CLAY, and others called
for the yeas and nays on the amendment, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 25, nays 28; as follows:
YE \R—Benjamin. Bioderick, Brown. Ohpsnut,
Clay. Chngni.ui, Davi^ Fitz.patnck, Green, Gwhi, Ham-
mond, Houston, Hunter, Iver^on, Johnson of Tennessee,
Malloiy, Ma-on, Polk. 1'eul, ilice, Sebastian, Shield;:, Sli-
de!!, Ward, and Yulee—2.>.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Biqler, Carneion,
Chandler. Clark, CoUamer, Chittenden. Dixon. Doo'itUe, ,
Durkee, Fossendon, Foot. Hale, Hamlin, Marian, Kuk;, i
Seward Simmons,Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,Thom-
son ot New Jersey,Toombs,Tumibull, Wade. \Yikon, and '
Wright—08. ' '
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I desire to offer a proviso, to come
in after the first section:
Proi vied, That the pioviMon5- of thi< act >h 01 nor apply
to Minnesota, nor shall any of the public lands hereby do-
nated be selected within the limns u{ .-aid State.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
by adding after Minnesota, or Missouri."
Mr. RICE. I accept the amendment.
Mr. GREEN and Mr. RICE called for the yeas
and nays on the amendment as modified; and they
wei'e ordered; and being taken resulted—yeas 22,
nays 30; as follows: j
YEAS—Mossr*. Bayard, Benjamin. Brown, Clay, Davis, 1
Filch, Fitzpatnek, CJieen, Hammond, Houston, Iver-jou,
Johnson of Tennessee, Malloiy, Ma<on, Polk, Pugh, Rice, j
Sebastian, Shields, Shdcli, Wani, and Yulee—22.
NAYS—Me^rs. Allen, l>ril, Bigler, lBiwdeiick, Cameron, :
Chandler, Claik, Clmgman, Collamer, (hittenden, J)i\on, ;
Duohttle. Duikce.Fe^endeii.Foot. Hale. Hamlin, Ilailan, j
ivni«. Reid. Sew.ird, Simmons, fctuart, Thomp^on'of Ken-
tucky, Thomson ofNew Jor&ey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, 1
Wilson, and Wright—3U. ;
So the amendment was rejected. .
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out the fourth :j
and fifth sections of the bill. 'j
Mr. HUNTER. What are they? I should ,|
like to hear them read. -J
The Secretary read them, as follows: ij
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further cnarteJ, That all moneys do- |
lived fiom the sale of the latuN aforesaid bv the States to j
which the lands aie apportioned, and from tne sales ot land j
^erip heteinbofore provided for, shal! he invested m stocks ]
of the United State*--. or of the States or f-ome other safe 1
stock-?, yielding not less than five per centum upon the par i J
value of said stocks ; and tnat the moneys so invested shall i |
constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of which shall re- t|
mam forever undiminished, (except so fai as may be pro- ij
vided in section fifth of this act,) and the interest of which j;
shall be inviolably appropriated by each State which may |i
take and claim the benefit of this act to the endowment, ' j
support, and maintenance of at least one collcge where the jj
leading objcct shall be, without excluding other scientific
or classical studies, to teach such branches of learning as
are related to agriculture and the mechanic aits, in such
manner as the Legislatures of the States may ie^pectively
prescribe, in order to promote the hbeial and practical ed-
ucation of the industrial classes xn the several pursuits find
professions in life. *
"Sec. 5. And be Ufw ther enacted, That the grant of land
and land scrip hereby authorized, shall be made on the fol-
lowing conditions, to which, as well as to the provisions
hereinbefore contained, the previou.5 absent of the scveial
States shall be signified by le<ji>Jative"aets:
" First. Jf any portion of the fund invested, as provided
by the foregoing section, oi any portion of the interest
thereon, shall, by anv action or contingency, be diminished
or lost, it shall be rcpiaced by the State to which it belongs,
so that the capital of the fund shall remain forevcAmdi-
nnmshed; and the annual interest shall be regularly ap-
plied without diminution to the purposes mentioned in the
fourth section of this act, except that a sum. not exceeding
ten per eeuium upon the amount received by any State
under the provisions of this act, maybe expended for the
purchase of lands for sites or experimental farms, when-
over authorized by the respective Legislatures of said
States.
"Second. No portion of said fund, nor the interest there-
on, shall be applied, dnectly or indirectly, under any-pre-
tense wfiatevei, to the putcha«e,'erection, preservation, or
repair of any buildms or buildings
"Tnml. Any State* which may take and claim the benefit
of the piovisions of this act shall provide;, within five years,
at least not less than one college, as described in the fourth
section of this act, or the grant to each State shall cease :
and said State shall be bound to pay to the United States
the amount received of any lands previously sold, and that
the title to put chafers under the State shall be valid.
"Fourth, An annual* report shall be made regarding the
pro<*res*s ot'eaeli college, lecording any improvements and
expeumonl* made, vvuh thuir cost and results, and such
other matters a-- may be supposed useful—one copy efwhich
shall be uaiiMmited by mail fiee, by each, jo all the other
colleges which may be endowed under the piovistons of this
act, and to the Smithsonian 1 nstitution, and the agricultural
depamneut of the Patent OtTice, at Washington.
" Filth When lands shall be selected Irom those which
have been ra^cd to double the minimum pi ice, M conse-
quence ofrdihond sjiant-*, they shall be computed to the
States at double the quantity."
Mr. PCJGfll. If my motion shall prevail, I
shall move to add the fifth provision of the fifth
scction as a separate section of the bill; but my
objection to the fourth and fifth sections as they
stand now, is, (hut they purport to impose con-
ditions on the Legislatures of the States. If you
,choosc to grant public lands to the States in aid
of agriculture and for the establishment of col-
leges, as the first and second sections of the hill
provide, do so; but leave it to the wisdom of the
States how to apply it, and not undertake to fet-
ter them by conditions imposed in this bill. In
fact, objectionable as the whole grant is to my
m'ind, tins attempt of Congress to assume pontrol
over the legislation of the States, in virtue of the
condition, is altogether the worst feature of the
bill; and I shall therefore call for the yeas and
nays. The bill itself, without these sections, will
be a grant of land, to the amount stipulated, to the
States, for the establishment of colleges on such
terms and conditions as they shall see fit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, i agree with
the honorable Senator fronvOhio: if we are to
violate the Constitution of the United States, un-
der a general grant of the power of disposing of
the public lands, by appropriating them for pur-
poses not within our jurisdiction, at least we
should not make a grant to the States of this
Union, which constitutes them trustees, under
certain conditions, when we have no possible tri-
bunal to enforce the trust, if they choose to dis-
obey it. If you will give the land to the States,
give it away, give it unconditionally, and trust
to their wisdom in the disposition of it. You
may indicate the general purpose, but it is all
idle to attempt to introduce these provisions; be-
cause if the States do not choose to regard them,
the result will be precisely as it was with your de-
posit of the surplus funds of the United States,
it will be called a deposit, but it will be, in eftect,
nothing more than a gift. It is better to make it
a gift broadly, without attempting to lestrain the
States. Let them dispose of the fund, if you
choose to give it in that way, according to the dis-
cretion of the different State Legislatures. As this
bill stands, the contemplated grant to my own
State, from the smallness of the grant, wouH be
perfectly useless for good. In my opinion, it
would be useless for good to any State of the
Union. I can easily see that it threatens to in-
crease that corruption which is spreading fast over
this country, and a palpable violation, in my
50
