786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
judgment, of the Constitution of the United States
ip involved in the passage of this bill.
Mr. PUGH. At the suggestion of my friend
from Minnesota, I wilt modify my motion so as
first to strike out the fifth section alone. I move
now to strike out the fifth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can modify his motion in that way by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection. The
question, therefore, is on'striking out the fifth
section.
Mr. JONES. I wish to state that I have paired
off with the Senator from Maryland, Mr. Ken-
nedy.
The question being- taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 27; as follows:
YI2AS—Messis. Bates, Bayanl, Brown, Chesnut, Clay,
Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Green, Hammond,Houston,
Hunter, fverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason,
Polk, Pugh, Kcid, Ilice, Sebastian, Shields, Thomson of
New Jersey, Waid, and Yulce—25.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Bell, Iiigler, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Dooliitle,
Durkee, Fesseuden, Foot, Hale, Hamlm, Hailan, King,
Seward, Simmons, Smart,Thompson of Kentucky,1Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wnght—27.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. GREEN. I have one small amendment
to offer, to be inserted as a ncwscction:
Jnd be it further enacted, That this act shall -not take ef-
fect, or be carried out in its provisions, until after the census
of 1860, on winch basis, and the apportionment thereon, the
donations and rights granted by this act shall be made.
Mr. WADE. I suggest to the Senator that
there is an amendment already adopted to this
bill, which provides for that, I think, precisely.
Mr. COLLAMER. It provides that the ap-
portionment shall be made afterthe next census.
Mr. GREEN. If so, I am willing to withdraw
my amendment. Will the Secretary read the
amendment that has been adopted, of that char-
acter?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the first section will be lead.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That to each State, whose munbrr of members
in thojlouse of lteprfsentatives shall be increased by the
next apportionment under the census of 1?60, there shall
be granted the additional quantity of twenty thousand acrey
of land upon the same terms, as soon as said appoitionment
shall be made.
Mr. GREEN. I do not withdraw my amend-
ment. That does not meet the case at all. I felt
very well convinced that I was right when I first
proposed the amendment. The object of my
amend mentis to prevent the application of the bill
until the apportionment under the census of!860.
If this donation is to be made to the people, and
for the people, it ought to be in proportion to the
people. Now, it is known to Senators that the
relative proportions of the old States and the new
States, the one to the other, have materially
changed since 1850. At that time Missouri had a
population of about three hundred and eighty-
three thousand. Missouri has now a population
of more than one million. At that time Illinois
had a population of seven or eight hundred thou-
sand; it now has a population of more than one
million five hundred thousand.
If this donation is to be for the people, it ought
to be in proportion to the people, and it ought to
be according to the present population, at this
period of time, if the bill took effect to-day; but
as we do not take the census more than oncc in
each ten years, T propose to postpone the taking
effect and operation of this-hill" until 1SG0; which
is only one year after this. It is not a long period
of time. It will reduce the share of the old States;
because then* population, in proportion to the
Union, is reduced. It will increase the share of
the new States, because their population has in-
creased.
If the grant is to be made in proportion to pop-
ulation, then the basis I propose is just. If ft is
to be under an arbitrary rule, a mere ipse dixit,
because the power so to vote is given, then they
can pass it. The amendment suggests itself, and
the reason why the prior amendment already
adopted does not meet the case, is this: that gives
the land according to the present ratio, and will
give an increase to the new States, but will give
no diminution to the old. They take under the
present ratio, and the new States will take under
the new ratio. Therefore the old States will get
more than their share, and the new States, while
they would get their share on a proper basis, yet,
in pit>portion to the old, will not get an equal
share.
Mr. MASON. We ought to have the yeas and
nays on this amendment. I think the reasons
assigned by the Senator from Missouri are con-
clusive for the equality of the bill, unless it is de-
termined to have it unequal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have risen for the purpose of
counting one in the number to order the yeas and
nays, in order to see how Senators will vote upon
this amendment. It is hardly a moment since we
had a proposition here, and one side of the Sen-
ate pretty generally voted for the proposition that
this apportionment should be made according to
territory. Surely, that had nothing to do with
population. Now, the same gentlemen who voted
for that—fori believe the Senator from Missouri
was one of the number—propose to change this
bill because it is not equal in proportion to pop-
ulation. The vote is only just from his mouth a
moment since to divide the land according to ter-
ritory.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator misunderstands
me. I do not propose to change the bill at all,
and the amendment does not. He misunderstands
it, and has not surely been paying attention. I
only propose that the bill shall be carried into
effect after we get the truth of the basis of popu-
lation under the census of 1860.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely; and now I put the
question to the Senator from Missouri, did he
vote for the amendment offered by the Senator
from California? Will he answer me?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly, I did.
Mr, HAMLIN. Then, the point I make is
this: the Senator has just voted for an amend-
ment to divide it according to territory, making a
compound ratio of territory and population. Now,
his amendment proposes to confine it exclusively
to population because it is just. Then, how was
the other just?
Mr. GREEN. I will answer the Senator. I
proposed, as it was an agricultural donation to aid
agriculture, to make it in proportion to the wants
of agriculture, predicated upon amble land, upon
territory, and to put it upon the compound ratio
of people and land; but the majority of the Sen-
ate saw proper to vote down the proposition of
the Senator from California, showing that they
intended to make it on population alone. Now,
if you make it on population alone, 1 want the
true population; but the Senator does not want
the true population. That is the difference be-
tween the Senator and myself; and, if I am not
right and consistent, I leave the country to judge
between us.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from South Car-
olina, Mr. Hammond, has paired off with the
Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Thomson, and
asked me to state the fact.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 31; as follows:
YIjAS—Messis. Ihoderick. Blown, (Jheasnur, Clay, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpattick, Cieen, Houston, Ivcrson, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jone*, Mallorv, Mason, Polk, Puyh, Rice, Se-
bastian, Shields, fcshdell, Waul, and Yulco—22.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Bate?, Bell, Bigler, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Cluigman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
DoohUlc, Durkee, Fcaaenden, Foot, Hale, Ilamhn, Hailan,
Hunter. Kennedy, Kmc, Real, Seward, Simmons. Stuart.
Thompson of Kentucky;Tooinbs, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wright—3,1,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGII. I move to add the following as
an additional section:
Jlnd be it fu-ither enacted, That the operation of thi^ act
shall bo suspended until such time a1* tho revenues of the
Government of the United States, derived fiom duties on
imports mav exceed the amount of annual expenditures.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
"Wo have once voted not io indefinitely postpone
the hill, and I think this is equivalent to it.
[Laugh ter.'J
Mr. PUGH. I have no doubt it would be; for
if such bills as this were passed, I defy the value
of all imported articles that may come into the
United States to defray the expenses of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. President, this is the principle that was
incorporated in the land distribution act of 1841.
When this Government undertook before to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the public lands, at the
famous extra session of 1841, it had the grace, at
least, to put in a provision that, whenever the rate
of duties on imports should exceed twenty per
cent., the distribution should cease; and it has
ceased from that time to this. If the amendment
be not adopted, this is a more extravagant prop-
osition than was passed at the extra Session of
1841; and I want my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Bigler.,] who pressed us with the resolution
the other day upon the necessity of increasing
the revenues of the Government, in order to meet
its expenditures, to face this amendment, that
proposes to stop this extravagant grant of public
lands until we can get money enough to pay the
expenses of the Government. I call for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—itfessrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Clmgman, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Green, Houston, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson ot'Tennessee, Jones', Mallorv, Mason,
Polk, Pugh, Reid, Eice, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Ward,
and Yulee—23.
' NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigler,Broderick,Cameron,
Chandler. Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittie,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy,
Kins, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Tnunouli, Wade, Wilson, and Wnght—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. There is a clause at the latter
end of this bill that I think is out of place, unless
those Senators who approve the bill can assign a
good reason for it. It is in the thirty-fifth and
thirty-sixth lines of the fifth section, which re-
quires that the annual reports from the prospect-
ive agricultural colleges shall be" made, amongst
others, " to the agricultural department of the
Patent Office." I am not aware that there is any
such department of tho Government, or that there
is any such bureau in the Patent Office; and lest
by its remaining there, it should be considered
that it is indirectly legislating such a department
into existence, I move to strike out the words,
" and the agricultural department of the Patent
Office at Washington."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, ""Shall the bill pass r"
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I cannot permit
this bill to pass without submitting some remarks
in opposition to it to the Senate. I confess lam
taken by surprise to-day by this motion to recon-
sider; and, in consideration of the condition of my
throat, I am very reluctant to speak; but regard-
ing it, as I do, as one of the most monstrous,
iniqui'toust and dangerous measures which have
ever been submitted to Congress, it shall not pass
without my endeavoring to prove, as I believe I
can piove, by as clear and conclusive moral rea-
soning as can be brought to support any ques-
tion, that it is unconstitutional.
Mr. HUNTER. With the permission of my
friend from Alabama, as he is unwell and desires
to deliver his views at large on this question, I
move to postpone the bill until Saturday, at one
o'clock. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. BROWN. I hope not.
Mr. CLAY. I can try to go on.
Mr. BROWN. I am perfectly willing to post-
pone it until to-morrow at one o'clock; but I want
Saturday for the District of Columbia business.
Mr. CLAY. If it is the pleasure of the Senate
to postpone the bill, it will oblige me; but if they
do not wish to do it, but intend to press this meas-
ure, I will try to say what I have to say now.
Mr. HUNTER.. I move to postpone it until
one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
Mr. POLK and others. There is a special order
for to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 23, ncftes 25.
Mr. CLAY. I believe this is the first time such
a courtesy has been refused to any Senator upon
this floor; but as the refusal has been from the
opposite side of the Senate, perhaps I ought nei-
ther to be surprised nor discouraged.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ala-
bama will allow me; I voted under a misapprehen-
sion. I did not know that the Senator asked it
as a matter of courtesy, or I should have voted to
extend it to him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Nor did I.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I apprehend most of
