1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hale.'
Senate.
extend the boundaries of this country for the ex-
press purpose of bringing into this Confederacy
territories, islands, and Sta'tes, whose great and
controlling merit, moving the measure, is that
they are slave States, slave territories, and'slave
islands., '
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] says
that he is willing to leave the question of what is
to be the character of the population of these
islands, or those countries annexed, to the law
that the people themselves may make; and he
thought that it was a great piece of magnanimity
-hi htavoom'itig from the " weaker section," to
he willing to yield so much.. Sir, I can stand
irony as well as anybody; but I think, when a
southern gentleman gets up here and talks about
-coming from the weaker section of the country,
it is putting it on a little toostrong; it is a trope,
r figure, that I think is a little too heavy for a
flight of rhetoric. The weaker portion of the
Union! I am not going into the history of that
section, or of that portion of the Union, nor of
this weak system. Suffice it to say that united;
uniting one section of the country as one man;
swallowing up all divisions, all parties, and all
sects; presenting a united, compact, impervious
front, it dispenses the patronage of this nation,
and, by that means, divides and cuts up and con-
quers the North. That has been its history in
times past. Of the future, I do not propose to
speak. When 1 hear a gentleman from that sec-
tion talk about coming from the weaker portion
of the Union, I confess I feel as if he was doing
anything else than addressing a sober, serious,
and solemn argument to the Senate. No, sir; it
is the interest, the great interest, that makes war
and makes peace, buys territories and sells them,
puts up Presidents and pulls them down..
What lulled Martin Van Buren? What de-
prived him of the nomination of the Democratic
party in 1844? Why, he had demonstrated that
it was constitutional to take Texas; but he said
that while Texas was in a state of open War with
Mexico, he did not think it would be exactly right
to annex her, and that we could not do it consist-
ently with our treaty obligations. Well, sir, the
history of Mr. Van Buren is well known. He
stood no chance after that. But I want to show
the manner in which the argument was met. The
argument was met in this wise: When we annex
Texas, although she is at war with Mexico, we
are at peace with Mexico, and if we takeTexas,
she will be a part of us, and at peace with Mex-
ico; and then, if war ensues Mexico will have to
begin it, because tlie United States and Mexico
are at peace. We had a war with Mexico, and
the great burden of the message of Mr. Polk,
after the war commenced, was to satisfy us that
war commenced by the act of Mexico. I sup-
pose if we were to follow out the suggestion made
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, which
looks like any thing but purchase, and were to take
Cuba by force, and Spain should undertake to
resent it, it would be said the war commenced by
the act of Spain.
In the report—no, I think it was in the speech
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana—it is
evident he looks beyond this bill. He under-
stands its spirit. He is not confined to the letter.
He knows that the letter is a mere humbug; there
is nothing in it; he looks beyond it; and he says
that wc must say to" Spain, that we will extend
the same aid to Cuba, when she undertakes to
assert her independence, that France extended to
us in our great revolutionary struggle. I thank
the honorable Senator for the manliness and the
candor with which he strips off the paltry dis-
guises with which this poor bill undertakes to
dress up this scheme, and tells you what we look
at. It is Cuba; it is inevitable; and we will de-
clare to the Cubans, " go on, declare yourselves
independent; if you can achieve your independ-
ence, we will admit you into the Confederacy;
and if you cannot, we will help you." That is the
meaning of it. In one of the dispatches of one of
our Secretaries, Marcy or Buchanan, or some of
that latter-day class of politicians, they undertake
to say that the United States will never seize Cuba
whilein possession of Spain, and will never allow
anybody else to have the island. They admit,
and the whole argument is based on the assump-
tion, that Spain is too weak to hold on to Cuba.
They are wifling that she shall have it, if she could
hold it; but she cannot, and we will not let her
call upon anybody else to help her; and when the
ripe apple falls, we wilj take it. That is the mo-
rality of the whole thing. «
Now, sir, let me characterize the measure as it
presents itself to my mind. It is agigantic scheme
of national rapine. It looks to nothing else. This
bill, if it has any effect, can only have the effect
to debauch and corrupt the public mind and the
public morals. It is to whet that keen appetite
which, in years past, has been, in violation of our
laws and our treaty obligations, fitting out expe-
ditions to go and seize upon Cuba. It is a great,
gigantic appeal to our national avarice, to our
lust of power, of conquest, of aggression, by all
means and by every means, to seize upon Cuba.
If vvc do not in the letter countenance these things,
in its spirit, and in its ultimate effect, it has that
meaning, and nothing else. The honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana so treats it, and so I treat it.
It is an attempt to corrupt the public morals; to
call upon alt that is base and selfish; and avari-
cious and grasping, in our national character, and
urging them to a great tirade against our ancient
ally, which alone of the nations of Europe, from
the first day of our national existence to the pres-
ent time, has preserved relations of amity, of
peace, and of concord, uninterrup ted with us.
When the message of the President was read,
and we were told that our relations with Spain
were not what they should be, and he regretted
it, I thought I would look some years back, and
see some of the messages that for a few years
past had been submitted to Congress, and see
how long this dissatisfactory state of things had
existed. When I turned to the messages of the im-
mediate predecessor of the President—President
Pierce—and read what he had stated to us upon
our relations with Spain, I found that President
Pierce congratulated the country—upon what ?
That Spain had ceased her aggressions upon us ?
That Spain had taken off her hand from molest-
ing our commerce, and interfering with our rights
in the Mediterranean? No, sir; but President
Pierce congratulated the country that he was en-
abled to announce to them that no lawless bands
had fitted out expeditions within our shores dur-
ing the past year, and made these unauthorized
expeditions against Spain.
Sir, when the history of the connection, and of
the manner ill which the treaties between Spain
and the United States have been observed, shall
be considered, I tell you that, in the scale of na-
tional honor, and in the observance of treaty stip-
ulations, and of a jealous regard of national fame,
we shall have nothing to boasl ofiu the compar-
ison. It will be found that our aggressions upon
Spain, some of them national, some of them pri-
vate, have been ten-fold more than anything we
have had occasion.to complain of from Cuba.
You will find that we have sent, in time of pro-
found peace, our armies into the national prov-
inces of Spam, and wcliave, by treaty, made lib-
eral stipulations for the payment of the damages,
which were unauthorized, which nothing in the
treaties required at our hands. There is pending
upon your Calendar to-day, a private bill reported
by my honorable colleague from the Committee
on Claims, by which it will appear that we are
to-day indebted to the assignees of claimants for
the interest, upon the damages that we thus in-
flicted upon Spain,orSpanish subjects, some forty
years ago. Those claims are yet unadjusted and
unpaid. There may have been, and doubtless
have been, many things that we have had a right
to complain of ill the conduct of the authorities
of Cuba in regard to some of our merchantmen;
but I believe that in regard to the manner in which
we have been treated by Spain, when these mat-
ters have been brought home to the cognizance of
the Spanish Government, we have no right to
complain. Though I do not sympathize with the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
in the statement which he makes, yet the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations has
stated to you, more than once this session, that
Spain does complain, and rightfully complains, of
the conduct of this nation, in not making the rep-
aration to her which is provided m a bill which
he introduced. I do not believe it. I do not be-
lieve that Spain has any such claim;, but when
our national Executive tells her she has, when
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions tells her.she has, j<ist. claims  gfti{t$t, this
Government }n-that, behalf, we certainly cannot
complain of her if she assumes that they-are so.
..Looking,upon this measure in that light, ! am
opposed to it—utterly,.totally,and. entirely op-
posed to it. I want to hold out no inducements
to our people, or any part of them, to do any tiling
that may have a tendency to shake, or disturb,'in
the remotest degree, the, hold .which Spain- has
upon this island. Necessity! Sir, -necessity is a
stern law, and if it be so stern, 1 ask the minister-
ing priests of necessity that sacrifice at her,aitar to
find'some other territory, some other S{Ste,sonie
other island than that of a weak nation, with which
we are at peace, to satisfy this totiSiorant appetite
of political and geographical necessity. I would
that this country might exspand and cover the conti-
nent;! would that the blessings of free government
might be coextensive with the continent; I would
that the American eagle, planting himself on the
dome of this Capitol, might plume his wings for a
flight that should cover the continent; but 1 would,
let him be the precursor, the ensign r of a higher
civilization than that of the nationshe has known.
I would let our advent be heralded by no clanking
ofslave chains;but I would that the genius of.oljr
Republic, when it spreads itself over the continent,
should carry with it the light,of civilization, of
Christianity, and of humanity. I would that it
might be the precursor of a higher and of a holier
mission-than spreading this institution of domes-
tic slavery. It is timethat we meet this question.
It is idle to say it is a sectional or a local one.
The reproach of introducing it cannot be charged
upon me, nor upon those who act with me. When
I sec the whole energies of the land, the whole
energies of the Government, devoted to one end,
one ami, and one purpose, and that purpose sub-
servient to the interest, the protection, the exten-
sion, and the perpetuity of tiiis institution, I have
a right to call upon the people to pause, to. hesi-
tate^ to strip off disguises, and look at measures
as they really are.
Now, sir, without preparation, and without
much coherence, I have delivered to you some of
the objections which 1 entertain to this measure.
I do not confino myself to the time, nor the mode,
nor the manner of doing it. 1 am against the
thing itself. Itisnotan objection , to me that you
want to do it now. 1 do not believe it is a ripe
apple, and if it is a ripe apple, 1 believe that it is
an apple of which the poet sung, of y,|iich it was
said the mortal taste brou'ghtdeath into-the world,
and all our woes. I believe that the history of
Spanish civilization upon this continent is not
suoh as to make us very ambitious and very de-
sirous of incorporating a whole State of that class
of population into our midst. Though I would
extend religious liberty to everybody, I would
throw no impediments m the way of any man's
faith or infidelity; he may believe or disbelieve
what he pleases; yet 1 have a right, and it is my
duty as a member of the Senate, to look at the
question of the religious faith of a whole people,
if I believe that that faith is calculated to exert
an influence adverse to the best interests of our
country. Sir, I believe that a republican govern-
ment can only be maintained, and successfully
maintained, onthe principle of Protestant.liberty.
While I would give the fullest latitude to every
man to believe or disbelieve, to worship or not,
as he pleases, 1 have the right,and I cannot right-
fully subject myself to the imputation of injus-
tice and unfairness, to look into that question.
When it is proposed to add a whole people, if 1
think that the religious faith they have amongst
them is so believed and so practiced and so es-
tablished among them, that it will exert a delete-
rious influence,! will-not, by my consent, receive
them into our midst.
Sir, it is that religion that, to-day ^has prevented
in a great degree the success of institutions of free
government in Mexico. It is adverse to what I
believe is essentially necessary to our growth,
our progress, and our highest interests, and that
is Protestant liberty. Let me tell you, sir, and
I think I will not be controverted when 1 make
the assertion, that the history of modern times,
the history of civil liberty, is the history of Prot-
estant liberty; and the struggle of civil liberty
