1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
us here voted under a misapprehension. I un-
derstood the Senator to state that he could go on
now. *
Mr. CLAY. I did say I would go on, if the
Senate did not choose to postpone the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the motion will be sub-
mitted again to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator asks a post-
ponement, I shall vote to postpone it.
Mr. HALE. I can say the same thing. I cer-
tainly understood the Senator from Alabama to
say he would go on now.
Mr. CLAY. I will'say, in justice to myself
and the Senate, then, that I am glad I labored
under a misapprehension. I would not ask the
courtesy of the Senate, for I am just as well pre-
pared with all the evidence and arguments I wish
to offer as I can be to-morrow: but I was out until
a late hour last night, and this morning 1 am very
hoarse, and perhaps it would be painful to me, and
certainly very unpleasant, to go on at this time.
Mr. WADE. I will certainly vote to extend
a courtesy to the Senator. I did not understand
what the Senator had said on the subject before,
and that was the reason I voted the other way.
Mr. SEWARD. I owe it to myself to say that
I was out when the questipn was put, and 1 came
in not knowing what the question was, and I saw
the Senators on tliat side, who are opposed to the
bill, voting one way; and, without knowing what
iJ was, I presumed it was right to vote the other
way. I am now satisfied that I voted under a
delusion, and I am very happy to have an oppor-
tunity to correct it.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave, then, to withdraw
what I did say.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I per-
fectly understood how I voted. I voted against
the postponement, because the other day I asked
the Senator from Alabama to give way as a mat-
ter of courtesy to n\e, and he refused.
Mr. CLAY. I once yielded the floor to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and he went on tij
make a long speech, and what I thought was a
stump speech.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to say that my ob-
ject in voting as I did was not any discourtesy to
thehonoiable Senator from Alabama; but it was,
that the chairman of the Committee on Finance
seemed to insist on our taking up private bill day
with this business, and postponing it until to-
morrow, which we have sequestered and pledged
ourselves to devote to the private business of the
claimants upon the Government. That little
modicum of time at this last end of the session
has been promised to them. I shall vote to set
apart no other business for to-morrow, for cour-
tesy or anything else.
Mr. FESSENDENT. I desire the Senator to
change his motion either to Saturday or Monday.
The Senator from Mississippi objects to Satur-
day. Put it Monday, then. But I am opposed to
breaking in upon these orders, and shall vote as
I did before, if to-morrow is insisted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to relieve our-
selves from this difficulty—the day has been well
spent, at any rate—I move that we adjourn, and
this bill will come up to-morrow as the'unfinished
business.
Mr. IIUNTER. I hope not. I think we can
finish the Indian appropriation bill to-day.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 15, noes 25.
Mr. WADE. I suggest that some day certain
be fixed for which this bill be made the special
order, with the understanding that at that time
we shall take it up and finish it. I do not care, if
that be the purpose, what day is fixed.
Mr. BROWN, and others. Say Monday at
one o'clock.
Mr. WADE. Well, I move to postpone it until
Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a question of
privilege to come up on Monday.
Mr. WADE. Why not Saturday?
Mr. BROWN. On Saturday, we hope to have
an hour or two devoted to the business of this
District. Last Saturday, was taken up m a dis-
cussion, in which I paiucipated very little, but I
do hope that that day wi'ii be given to the busi-
ness of the District.
Mr. WADE. I will name Tuesday next as
the day on which to take up and finish this bill,
if that is satisfactory to all.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to say, Mr. President,
thatl cannot bind myself in advance to consent
to any particular day. I had hoped, that in the
course of this week, great progress would have
been made in the discussion of the bill malting
an appropriation for the acquisition of Cuba. I
see very distinctly, now, that there is % great
chance of that bill being postponed indefinitely,
not by the action of the Senate, but by the list-
lessness or absence of its friends; because we
certainly are not as well disciplined on this side
of the House, as on the other. At one o'clock,
when the order of the day is taken up, we areal-
most universally in a minority, and I am not will-
ing to consent to make myself a party to any ar-
rangement by which that bdl shall be postponed.
I am perfectly willing to take this question up
to-morrow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There seems to be a desire
that the Senator from Alabama should have a
reasonable opportunity to make the speech which
we are all desirous of hearing, and, at the same
time, of avoiding any disturbance in the arrange-
ments already made for the other business of the
Senate. To-morrow is private-bill day. I think
that if we were to postpone this subject until to-
morrow morningathalf past twelve o'clock, prob-
ably my friend from Alabama would not take jj
over half an hour, and then we could go on with !|
private business. : >
Mr. POLK and Mr. GREEN. There is already ! j
a special order for half past twelve o'clock to- ij
morrow. , I
Mr. CLAY. I will say this to the friends of j
this measure, that if they will let it go over, as it ;
is done to oblige me, I will call it up on Monday
morning at half past twelve o'clock, if they will
assist me, and we will then dispatch it. I do not !
think I shall speak beyond half an hour. [" Very ■
well."] If they do not get it up then, I will nssist 1
them to take it up afterwards. [" Agreed."] 1 j
move to postpone the further consideration of the ■ !
bill until Monday, at half past twelve o'clock. ;;
The motion was agreed to. il
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. ||
Mr. HUNTER. Is it necessary to submit a ||
motion to take up the Indian appropriation bill, !j
or does it come up of itself? ■'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair;;
thinks it does not come up of itself. !;
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to take it up.
I think we can finish it to-day, if we proceed with ;
its consideration. ;
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re- j
sumed the consideration of the bill ([-I. R. No. !!
664) making appropriations for the current and j
contingent expenses of the Indian Department, !|
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations &ith various li
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, I860, ij
the pending question being on con<*u-ring in the 1
following amendment, made as in Committee of !
the Whole: j
Jind be it further enacted, That so much of tin; act on titled
"An act to regulate trade and intercoms with the Indian !
tribes and to piederve peace on the frontiers," approved j
Jane 30, 1834, as provides that the United States s-hali
make indemnification out of the Treasury for propeity '
taken or destroyed m certain case®, either by the Indians ,
or by white men trespassing on the Indians, as desenbed in
the said act, be? and the same is hereby, lepcaled : Provided,
however, That nothing herein contained ylisili be so con-
stiued as to impair or destioy the obligation of the Indians .
to make indemnification out of the annuities a1? prescribed
in said act. Jlnd provided further, That the President of the
United States way, at his di^oieuon, indemnify the Indian*'
out of the Treasury, foi losses, m canes wheie the said act
required them to be paid out ot the Tieasury,
Mr. BAYARD. If it is in order, I move that ,
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu- 1
live business. ["Oh, no!"] I think itis neces- ,
sary.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Let us finish this
bill. I think we can finish it by the usual time of
I adjournment.
j The motion of Mr. Bayard was not agreed to. >
! The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
I ment just read was agreed to by the Senate as in
j Committee of the Whole, and was reserved at the
! instance of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones.]
i The question now is, Will the Senate concur in
| that amendment ?
' Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope that, on a general ;
i appropriation bill, no such important general le- ,
' gislation as this will be adopted, I doubt some- .
| what whether it is in order, on the generalappro-
i priation bills, to include such a provision. It is ,
very general'and sweeping in its provisions, and
breaks up a great part of the effect of the Indian
intercourse law. I think the appropriation bill is
not the right bill for such a provision of legisla-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. Thi$ amendment only pro-
poses to touch so'much of the intercourse law as
relates to the liabilities of the Treasury of the
United States. It proposes to do nothing more
than that. The law was originally enacted at a
time when a very different state of thing^existed
in regard to the Indian territory. When that
law was enacted, yge were enabled to keep people
out of the Indian tenitor^,and we were enabled to
keep order within it; but now we have emigrant
routes running through it, and we have claims
originating under circumstances which could-not
have been forpseen when that law was passed;
and the result will be, as I am told, and,, indeed,
the result already is, that Indian claims are ac-
cumulating, and claims on which questions are
difficult of decision, which grow out of this law.
We do not propose to touch anything but that
portion of it which makes the United States Treas-
ury liable. Emigrants crossing the plains now
pass through the Indian, territory; and it is a
very serious question whether the Government
is not liable for any injuries which the Indians
may commit upon them; and yet in this very law-
there is a provision that the whites shall not .graze
the lands which belong to the Indians within the
Indian country; that they shall not stop on it.
The consequence is, that the Indians have inter-
fered; and out of all this grow ciaims for which
we ought not to be liable pecuniatily.
So far as the protection of the settlements is con-
cerned, it will be found that hereafter, where- it
has been heretofore in the power and ability of the
Government to punish the Indians who trespass
and intrude, so far as they can get redress for citi-
zens who have been injured out of the Indian
annuities, it is proposed to leave-that still within
the reach of persons who have been injured; and
all that it is proposed to do, is merely to repeal
that provision which, in effect, makes us insurers
of those who travel through the Indian territory,
who arc crossing the plains for purposes of profit
or pleasure. It is obvious that out of that claims
to a vast amount may arise, and arc daily arising;
and unless we take steps at once to interfere and
remove the liability of the Government for the
future, it will be difficult to say what will be the
amount of claims that will be presented and prob-
ably granted.
Mr. JONES, There is a great deal of reason
in what the Senator from Virginia says on this
occasion, but it ought not to be made to apply to
the organized Territories and the States of the
Union. It might be proper enough to apply his
amendment to the cases of white people who go
into the Indian country; but when Indians come
into the organized States and Territories, and
commit depredations upon the citizens of those
States and Territories, they ought to be made to
pay, if they have annuities; or, if they have no
annuities, it ought to come out of the Treasury
of the United States; because the Government of
the United States is bound to protect the people
of the States and Territories against Indian hos-
tilities. My constituents have been robbed. Three
or four surveying panics have been, robbed of
their provisions; of everything that they had;
their wagons have been cut to pieces by Indians
within the boundaries of the Suite of Iowa, When
there was no Indian country to which the Indian
title had not been extinguished in that State.
These people dare not protect themselves; they
dare not follow the Indians, and recapture their
property, or take property belonging to the In-
dians; for if they do, they are excluded from the
benefits of the intercourse act. I say, therefore,
it ought not to be made, at all events, to apply to
the organized States and Territories, and I pro-
pose that amendment.
Mr. BELL. I should like my friend from Iowa
to state to me what wilt be the residuum of all our
Territories that remain, after you erect the new
Territories proposed to be formed at Pike's Peak,
Arizona, and Carson "Valley ? There will be none.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is none now.
Mr, JONES. Then I will say, " that portion
of the Territories to which the Indian title is ex-
tinguished."
Mr. BELL. There are no well defined lines
