166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Benjamin.
Sfnate.
has been the struggle of Protestant liberty. The
genius, of a free government requires the genius
of a Protestant religion. I am willing that the
Cubans shall have any faith they pfease. I am
willing when they come here, they shall profess
any faith they please; but when the proposition
is made to annex them, I claim the right, in look-
ing at the question in all its aspects, to look at it
in that.
Then, sir, from every point in which I can look
at this question, I do not considerthe acquisition
of Cuba desirable; and £ do not believe that, at the
present time, even if it were desirable, the meas-
ure which is proposed is one likely to effect it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that my friend
from Kentucky does not wish to go on now, but
would prefer to go on in the morning; and as I
have a few words to say, I will say them now.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I will yield
to an explanation, certainly, if it is understood
that I am entitled Ao the floor in the morning; if
not, I will go on now.
Mr, BENJAMIN. The period of the session
is so late, and so many gentlemen desire to be
heard upon this subject, that it will evidently be
impossible for any of us to have an opportunity
to speak more than once, and therefore, if any
gentleman who has not spoken desires the floor
now for the purpose of expressing his views, I
will very cheerfully yield; but, if not, I do desire
now, on the spur of debate, to say something in
reply both to the Senator from New Hampshire,
and the Senator from Kentucky who spoke this
morning. While I have the book by me, I wish
first to revert to the lamentable failure made by
the Senator from New Hampshire in his effort to
controvert the facts which I adduced. The Sen-
ator began by saying that he would show us that
the testimony in relation to the success of the
emancipation scheme in the West India colonies
was not all on one side. He had later testimony
which he proceeded to develop to the Senate. I
had applied myself to the Library for the later
volumes of these parliamentary papers, but found
myself anticipated by other gentlemen—no doubt
the Senator from New Hampshire may have been
one; and I have, therefore, not had an opportunity
of refreshing my memory with reference to the
exact passages which would be most apt to dem-
onstrate the truth of the proposition that I laid
down the other day; that is to say, that the eman-
cipation experiment made by the English and the
French with their West India colonies is an ad-
mitted total,disastrous, irreparable failure. I take
the very volume from which the Senator just
quoted,and 1 find the proof of what 1 said. 1 will
follow his own quotation, and give some passages
on the very pages from which he read, showing
the condition of that population to be now, just
what I stated the other day, that it was in 1&30,
1852, and 1H55.
Fust, in relation to the condition of Jamaica.
What is the state of the population there ? The
very writer of the repoit lo which the Senator has
alluded, quotes the same article from the West-
minster Review, which I spoke of on a former
occasion, lie speaks of certain specimens of ag-
ricultural products of Jamaica, which were ex-
hibited at some European expositions of indus-
try, and says:
"1 fear it cannot be denied that our capabilities arc, at
present, limited to the production of specimens only ; thru
we can pioduce pint* ot out «iaiehcs, and blocks of our
woods; but we are powoiless Ibi all practical development
of i lie wealtii which these samples indicate, simply from the
cause winch line partly rontubuted to the downfall of
many a sugar plantation, namely, the want of available
labor."
This same report goes on again to indorse and
renew the recommendation that the authorities of
the colonies should endeavor to get the free ne-
groes of the United States to come out there, and
teach British free negroes industry and energy.
The same writer says:
" It ought therefore to be an object of the highest import-
ance in a country like this, whose staple productions have
been declining lor years pa&t, that every effort should be
made to introduce into it a class of "ettleis- who maybe
lensonably expected to devote themselves to those various
branehes of industry, the value and importance of which
have been so highly distinguished m the recent competition
of our products with the industry of the world : and it is
with reference to these resources that every well-wisher to
Jamaica will heartily concur with the writer in the West-
minster Review respecting the advantages to be derived
from an emigration of the colored people of America.
"If itbe true that theyare soberand industrious,steadily
advancing in wealth and social improvements, supporting
from their own resources charitable and religious institu-
tions, exercising most of the handicraft arts, desirous of ed-
ucation and instruction, and possessing the elements of civil
respectability, they could not fail to diffuse over this island
the qualities which are so required toimprovc the condition
of our native population, and at the same time remove some
of the obstacles and difficulties which at present discourage
all enterprise on this island.
" In conclusion, I beg to remark that there isno change,
that I can perceive, which requires any remarks from me on
the subjects of education, the progress of agriculture, and
the state of crime in the district of St. Andrew.
« I have, &c. D. EWART,
" Stipendiary Magistrate.
" Hugh W. Austin, Esq., Governor's Secretary."
That is the state of things in Jamaica now.
Next, let us take up Antigua. In the very vol-
ume from which the Senator read, I find the fol-
lowing:
" I fear that there is too good evidence of increase in the
number of minor offenses, and the calendar of the court of
Queen's Bench exhibits no diminution in the catalogue of
graver breaches of the law.
"I have before adverted to the differences of opinion
which exist on this subject, under the head of jails and
prisoners; but, after weighing the testimony dispassionate-
ly, it appears to be a just conclusion, tiiat there has beenfor
some time a tendency to such an increase, winch has now
been swollen to a magnitude which con scarcely be ac-
counted for by assigning the alleged strictness of the magis-
tracy as the reason. Chief Justice Sir Robert Horsford has
ably and persevermgly insisted on attention to tins subject,
m his addresses from time to time to the grand jury. He
entertains a settled conviction that the evil does exist;
and, viewed in connection with other circumstances m the
social condition of the community, there is nothing which
forcibly opposes this belief. What can be expected but plun-
der and depredation, with their concomitants, from youths of
nomadic habits who have no settled abode; who a\e'not to be
found for two weeks, tn some case* scarcely for two days, in
the same part of the island; and there are, unfortunately,
only too many such in tins community ?"
So much for that colony. Let us see how the
next flourishes—theMauritius. TheSenatorwent
over to the East Indies to find something by which
ho could rebut the statistics that I read to the Sen-
ate the other day. The Senator read us the sta-
tistics of the sugar crop; the sugar crop was in-
creasing, and this report shows it; but it says that
the increase is due to the number of emigrants
imported, and asks for more importations to keep
it up, and then depicts the population as it is:
" Our sugar crop, for the past year, reached one hundred
and two thousand tons, and that now about being reaped
promises to be Hill more abundant. Should the season con-
tinue as favorable as it hab hitherto been, the coming crop
may be estimated at not less than one hundred and twenty
thousand tons, about double that exported in 1850 ; and as
large tract* of cultivable land still lie unreclaimed, only
awaiting the hand of the husbandman,provided nothing oc-
curs tn obstruct the steady influx of immigrant labor, it is
hardly possible to estimate the limit of producing power at-
tainable within another five years."
All these immigrants can be worked up as raw
material" into sugar, no doubt; but what is the
condition of the inhabitants?
"Material prosperity doubtless conduces immeasurably
to the contentment and happiness of a people; but the
influence of moral and social advancement is even more
appreciable. I lament my inability to atfiim that these have
advanced with equal rapidity, or to speak with similar con-
fidence of futine amelioration. There is, nevertheless, a
manifest and growing improvement perceptible amongst the
masses, both Creole and Indian, encouraging the expecta-
tion that the measures now being taken tor the extension
of education, and the more active efforts made for their
spiritual enlightenment, may slowly, perhaps, but surely,
lescue the rifting generation, at least, from the ignorancc
mid superstition by which their fathers have been degraded."
So, the whole of this improvement consists in
a hope that they will do better for the future—
there is nothing done yet. Mr. President, I might
repeat to a very considerable extent these quota-
tions. I will only give one more. I will take one
of the islands under the jurisdiction of the corre-
spondent of the National Era—this Governor
General of the Windward Islands. I read from
the report of Mr. President Seymour to the Gov-
ernor in Chief, dated Nevis, April 10, 1856. Let
us sec what he says in this report:
" Much has been said and written of late respecting the
supposed increase of crime in some of these islands, and
the late chief justice of Nevis, who took a gloomy view of
the subject, has published a small work, m which allusion
is made to our cnminal statistics. It is true that crimes of
I'iolenre are not uncommon. It is little more than twoyeais
since the President of the Council was murdered in in oad
daylight in the market-place: another murder and execution
followed some short time afterwards; and, still more re-
cently, the rejoicings of this last newyeer'sday were disturbed
by the malicious burning alive of a child, in the de-
struction of a house. Cases of stabbing occurred so frequently
at one time that it was not easy to get a conviction by the
negro jury, (all the white menbeing then on the grand jury,)
however clear the evidence might be. The juiors thought
the sentences awarded by the court too severe, and detcrm
ined to acquit the prisoners. To prevent the entire cscapc
of the offenders, some cases of cutting and wounding were
disposed of by the magistrates like common assaults, m a
summary way. Crime had become a sort of epidemic at that
time, and fresh cases of violence were heard of daily. The
state of things has now become more heahhy, and there
are but two persons awaiting trial at the next sessions,
which promise to be the lightest known for some years in
Nevis."
I have other places marked out here—Barba-
does, Antigua, Tobago, and other islands—but I
will not detain the Senate by reading them. This,
sir, is the evidence brought forward to prove that
the picture which I read the other day from Brit-
ish colonial authorities, of the condition of the
British colonial possessions, was too highly col-
ored, and all the evidence brought against it is a
communication to the National Era, published in
Washington. That is all the evidence adduced
against it. These official reports sustain every
word that I uttered, and I think that the Senator
has signally failed in his attempt to answer them.
Mr. President, 1 desire now to say a few words
in answer to the remarks made by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky to-day—made with his
usual ability and eloquence, and which I think
ought not to go out to the country without some
comment. I shall proceed very rapidly to say a
few words in reply to five or six topics he intro-
duced.
First, the first objection made was, that we
ought not to offer proposals for the purchase of
this island, because it is understood the Cubans
are unwilling to be sold; or, if not, that they have
at least no voice in the matter, so far as we cah
ascertain, and because Spain is unwilling to soli
them. At a subsequent period of the Senator's
remarks, he also spoke of the purchase and sale
of the Cubans as if the annexation of that colony
to the United States amounted to the purchase and
sale of the human beings who inhabit it. Now,
Mr. President, one of the glories of which the
American people are the proudest is this—I stated
it the other day, and I repeat it now: we make no
subjects; we purchase no slaves; we compel no
homage to our free institutions. All that we de-
sire of Spain is the cession of her sovereignty
over the island; but, when that sovereignty shall
have been ceded, does anyone here propose that
we shall treat the Cubans as a purchased people ?
Does anyone propose that we shall govern them
as slaves ? Or, is not the proposition, rather, that
after we shall have bought from Spain her sover-
eignty over the island, its population, having be-
come freemen, shall govern themselves with all
the rights of freemen; shall form their own insti-
tutions, organize their own republican govern-
ment, and then either remain an independent na-
tion, under our protecting wing, until they shall
have been tutored into a knowledge of those insti-
tutions to which we were happily bom, or, if the
people prefer it, be admitted into this confedera-
tion of independent States? That is the proposi-
tion, the only proposition that is advocated upon
this floor; and I submit to the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky, it is hardly fair to treat this
as a proposition for the purchase or sale of the
Cubans.
The next objection (and I have been astonished
to hear grave Senators uttering this as serious)
is, that it will create a national debt; and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, taking it for granted that the
purchase-money would even go to the sum of
§200,000,000, sees in that the germ of future em-
barrassments for the Confederacy, and the origin
of a public debt, which will reduce us to the po-
sition of the ancient kingdoms of Europe. Now,
Mr. President, what is the amount of debt to be
incurred, even supposing the honorable Senator's
calculation of the sum required for the purchase
to be correct to its fullest extent ? Two hundred
million dollars. Well, sir, it is a large sum when
spoken of by individuals; and yet if the people
of this country will submit but for twelve months
to the taxation which has weighed on Cuba for
years, and which will continue to weigh on her
for years to come, they will raise a sum more than
double, or very nearly double, these $200,000,000.
The population of the whole Island of Cuba is
