1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBfc.
{m
•35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Oilman.
Ho. of Re*s.
protectors? Are we willing to lay down this
proud office, and to call in the President of the
United States, and, without any constitutional
warrant for it, to devolve upon him all our duties?
Sir, a President takes a little power now and a
little power then; and what he is allowed to take
is always a power that is convenient for him to
cxercise, and by allowing him to exercise it no
time is lost; whereas a Congress has to investi-
gate, a Congress has to reason, a Congress has to
legislate. The President need not reason at all.
He may act from his passions, from a momentary
feeling.
I ask the honorable Senator if it is not our busi-
ness to protect the citizens of our country, and
if we are not to pledge the whole power of the
nation, if necessary, for his relief and for redress
of his wrongs? Who is it under our form of Gov-
ernment that is to exercise this power? Who
is to decide when a real injury has been done to a
citizen? Who is to investigate it ? Who is to
bring on the country this great charge, and this
great responsibility of war? The American Con-
gress. The Constitution of the United States
says Congress shall make war—nobodyelse shall
do it; Congress alone shall call upon the people
of fins country to shed their blood and encounter
all the hazards and all the burdens of war—no-
body else. The citizen has a right to be sum-
moned to the field by the great representative
body of his country—by no other power.
Why, sir, we might soon, upon the same sort
of argument on which the bill to which I allude
is defended, say the judicial powevr of the Gov-
ernment is managed very slowly; a poor man is
worn out and exhausted before he can gather to-
gether all his witnesses to have a fair trial; and
would it not be greatly more convenient to allow
the President of the United States to hear these
complaints and settle them himself. Where is
this sort of doctrine to end? Where is our re-
cession from our own proper position under the
Constitution to stop? Sir, we cannot begin it,
and I venture to say that upon reflection the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, whose judgment
and whose ability we all know so well, will come
to the same conclusion. It is war that you pro-
pose to authorize the President to make,and, un-
der the Constitution, you cannot authorize the
President to make war. You could as soon in-
vest him with a crown to be worn upon his head,
as with a power to be carried in his hand to make
war and to pledge all the people of this countiy
to execute those hostilities. You cannot do it.
Under the bill to which I have alluded, he can
march your Army, h6 can direct your Navy, he
can employ all the force for a particular injury or
a particular case to be judged by him. I say that
does not accord with my views of the Constitu-
tion, and I will give him no such power. The
honorable Senator from Louisiana surely, I think,
upon reflection, will not object to the view which
I entertain on this subject.
Neithei will I place $3U,000,000 in the hands of
the President without a better causc than any I
have yet seen. I alluded to extraordinary circum-
stances, such as those to which the gentleman
himself referred, in the cession of Louisiana to
this country, justifying the placing of money in
the hands of the President for such an exigency,
an exigency admitting of no delay. There was
a cause, and where there is a cause it may be well;
but where there is no cause, as*l think, to place
money in the hands of the President forsafe-keep-
ing, is not in consonance with the proper spirit
of this Government. If the people should think
the money is improperly placed in his hands,
what will be the natural operation of the human
mind? I said I believed Mr. Buchanan to be an
honest man; but so far as the people look upon it,
if they view it as I do, that a negotiation with
Spain for Cuba, at this time, is utterly hopeless,
they can see no reason why it should be placed
there. Why not leave it in the Tieasury of the
United States, under all the safeguards that pro-
tect other moneys?
The President has said, to be sure, that he
wants to negotiate with Spain for an object that
may require money. It may be well enough to
have the President always standing ready to make
a good bargain whenever the necessities of na-
tions, or the events of the world, shall compel
one or another of them to offer a bargain; and
we may think ii would be wise to keep a perma-
nent fund in the hands of the President to be ap-
plied to the purpose of treaty making; but would
any of us agree to that?" Would it not be making
a considerable .change in the relative weight of
the departments of the Government? Would it
not he.rather humiliating to the Senate, and ex-
alting to the Executive? I think so. Can- you
not easily imagine cases where the treaty-making
power, combined with the money pow-ier, might
place the Senate under restraints in its "decisions
upon treaties? It is not difficult to do it; but I
shall not stop on it.
But what is the progress you.are now making;
To place money jn the hands of the President to
reinforce the treaty-making power, without any
special cause, or any extraordinary ci rcumstanccs
to justify it; to place m his hWidsthe -power of
making war at his discretion? What a mighty
change in the complexion of our Executive this
is. "Thirty millions of money in his Hands to
make treaties ! Suppose he should be like many
of those Presidents we may have, who are will-
ing to take responsibility; and I see that our pres-
ent President says that in a certain emergency he
would have taken the responsibility of making
war without any law. Now suppose that in one
of these wais we are to authorize him to make,
he should find in his judgment that $30,000,000
might be applied to the purposes of that war use-
fully to the country, and he takes the responsi-
bility, and conies before us and tells us he has
taken the responsibility, what then? What can
we say to that ?
Mr. SLID ELL. He has no more right to take
the $30,000,000 this lull would place at his dis-
position for any other purpose than the acquisi-
tion of Cuba, than he would have to apply any
other money m the Treasury.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, he could not apply
any other money in the Treasury, because there
aie keys to that Treasury held by hands not Ins,
according to law, unless we have reached another
pasre in the progress towards absolute power in
the Executive, or extended power in the Execu-
tive, so that every man who holds office under
him is a mere servile agent of his to do his bid-
ding. If other officers of the Government do their
duty, he cannot get a dollar out of the Treasury,
according to my understanding; but if he has the
money in his hands, under this bill, for the pur-
pose of enabling him to make a ticaty for the put -
chase of Cuba, he would have no right to make
a different use of it. 1 acknowledge he would
have no right; but suppose he takes the responsi-
bility 
Mr. SLIDELL. I cannot suppose it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". You cannot, suppose
it. We have had Presidents and great ones who
have taken serious responsibility, and Mr. Buch-
anan tells you in this message in so many words,
that he would have taken the responsibility of
making warwithoutlaw, in case ofan'cmergency,
for the protection of his fellow-citizens. Now, I
say that, under the pretext of protecting the rights
of the citizens, under the pretext of protecting
them from violence in foreign countries, 1 do not
want the Executive, under the exttcme pretexts
of such'beneficence and kindness, to change the
forms of this Government and destroy its princi-
ples. 1 do not want to see him taking responsi-
bility, which is taking power that docs not belong
to him, and taking it again and again, until the
thing becomes so familiar that there is no one,
after a little while, to contest it. The remarks
winch I have made have had this reference and
this extent, and no more, not intending to im-
peach personally the President's integrity; but 1
mean to say this is a trust which I atn not per-
mitted to repose in him. It is a trust liable to
abuse, and the securities which we have endeav-
ored to raise up against abuse are to be found m
the institutions and m the Constitution of our
country. It is not a matter of mere personal trust.
We have not put you in the place of the Chief
Magistrate upon trust, that you will use no more
power than is necessary. We have put you in
power there with certain defined faculties and
certain defined powers, and no more. The peo-
ple trusted you with no more, and we, as their
representatives, can trust you with no more, and
ought to trust y<)d with no more; and if ytfu seek
to have us bestow unnecessary trusts-, lmrriensb
and tempting sums of money* in yottr: hatfds,
though, sir, your personal integrity may be abtfvfe
all suspicion, it is a bad example.' You rhay
have successors bad enough to seek sitch trusts
for the niere purpose of abusing'them; and,ih&re-
fore, we can set no such-example. It is from Su6h
bad precedents that grow mischiefs hereafter.
The bad example is set in a good case, but it ia
the root from which bitter and mischievous re-
sults afterwards spring.
I see no necessity, no great public efepedieriby,
much less any exigency, demanding the deposit
of this money in the President's hands. He does
not tell me that he has any reason to believe he
can make a treaty with Spain. Not a single fact,
not a single circumstance, is disclosed, which has
not been known for years, haying any bearing,
or likely to have any influence, on sucn 'a hego-
tiation. I say nothing personally reproachful to
the President; it is not necessary at all to take
any such view of the subject; but I have consid-
ered the question with all the decorum Which is
due to the Chief Magistrate of the country, upon
the grounds of the Constitution and grounds'of
sound policy. It is there I have planted myself,
in all I have said. Trusts, uncalled for by any
public necessity, I say again, are most likOiy, m
their evil consequences, to induce the drawing of
general suspicions on the Chief Magistrate of the
country; and I think the Senator from Louisiana
would have mo correct nothing in thatsentiment.
That is the inevitable efFect. I considered that
among its evils. I want no such precedent. I
want to see the Government of my country sub-
sist on honor. Whether we are opposed to the
Administration or in favor of it, there is a certain
amount of confidence that must be given to it to
enable it to act even for the good of the people.
1 do not like this policy, and that is all I have
said, all I shall say.
Mr. President, iho remarks which I made were
submitted in a very desultory and hasty way,
though I was a long while hung up before I could
get the oppoitunity of speaking. There are no
doubt other objections to them; but I think those
which have been urged by the gentleman I have?an-
swered, at any rate, sufficiently to satisfy him
what my meaning.was.
ADMISSION7 OF OREGON.
SPEECH OF HON. C. J. OILMAN,
of maine,
IN THE HOUSE OF Representatives,
February 11, 1B59.
The Home hnvmg under consideration the bill piovidmg
tor ll)(! Jidnu^ion of Oiegnn—
Mr. OILMAN said:
Mr. Srr.AKKR: A question of great magnitude
is presented to the members of this House for
consideration." Shall the Territory of Oregon be-
come a State of the Union ? Emigrants from the
States and from foreign countries have settled
within the limits of that Territory; they have
gone there to lay the foundations of a State on
the western slope of the Rocky Mountains. Who
could have anticipated this growth, this develop-
ment, this progress, twenty years ago? Jam not
indifferent to the trials and the sacrifices of those
men and women who have settled on the western
declivity of this continent. They have appealed
to us to gi\c to them a State government. I would
gladly gratify their wishes and yield to theirappeal
if 1 could so do and discharge my duty honestly
and conscientiously. It is said that the odious
and objectionable feature contained in the fourth
section' was taken substantially from the constitu-
tion adopted by the people before the territorial
government was organized, and that the early
settlers of the Territory were actuated by a desire
to conserve the welfare of the Territory. The
statement may be true; still, according to my
judgment, this provision violates the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It is urged by different
gentlemen that the people of a Territory have the
right to determine the nature and quality of their
constitution, and that the members of this House
are simply called upon to vote for or against the
