1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Whiteieyj Wilson, Winslow,
Wood, Woodson, and John V. Wright.
During the call,
Mr. VANCE stated that Mr. Gilmer was
necessarily absent on account of sickness in his
family.
Mr. LETCHER stated that Mr. Hughes was
confined to his room, and unable to be present.
At the expiration of the first call of the roll,
Mi-. HOUSTON inquired how many members
had answered to their names?
The SPEAKER. Aqubrumhasnotanswered.
Mr. HOUSTON'. No quorum on the first call!
The names of the absentees were then called.
One hundred and forty-four members having
answered to their names,
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, all further pro-
ceeding in the call was dispensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
POLYGAMY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution for refer-
ence.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. REAGAN. Will not the gentleman allow
me to introduce a resolution for the purpose of
reference only?
The resolution was read for information, as.
follows:
* Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill in define and
provide for the punishment of polygamy in the Territones
of tile United States, and to lostrain the people and author-
ities of the Territories from unlawful interfeience with the
Federal judiciary.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Objection is hiade.
Mr. REAGAN. Who objected? I do not un-
derstand that objection is made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood there
was.
Mr. HOUSTON. That subject is already before
the Judiciary Committee, and the gentleman's
resolution is wholly unnecessary.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman if he ob-
jects to it?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman says he does
not object, and there is no objection.
The resolution was then agrefld to.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. BONHAM, the Committee
of the Whole House was discharged from the
further consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 839) for
the relief of David G. Burnett; and also of a bill
(H. R. No. 840) for the relief of Lieutenant
Martin Burke and Captain Charles S. Winder,
of the United States Army; and the same were
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, MICHIGAN.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolution of the Legislature
of the State of Michigan, in favor of a grant of
lands for the agricultural college of that State;
which was laid on the table and.ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTION OF NE'fV YORK LEGISLATURE.
*Mr. ItELSEY presented the joint resolution
of the Legislature of New York in relation to the
canals and lake harbors; and also the memorial
of th"e canal board and canal commissioners of
that State, to Congress, asking for the improve-
ment of the lake harbors; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I am instructed by the seleet committee appointed
to investigate the accounts of the late Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, to ask of the House
power to sit during the sessions of tke House.
Unless that privilege be extended to the commit-
tee, it is impossible for it to get through with the
investigation during this session.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the regular order
of business.
NEW YORK INDIANS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of Senate bill No.
389, providing for the allotment of lands to cer-
tain New York Indians, and for other purposes;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Craig, of Missouri, to insert, in line twenty-
seven of the amendment reported by Mr. Rus-
sell from the Committee on Indian "Affairs, the
words, " orunlesstheseleetionscannotsoonerbe
made."
Mr. Russell's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all in Senate bill after line six, and inseit the
following:
Who lemoved under the provisions of the treaties here-
inafter rcferied to. and to their children, in the tract of land
set apart for the use of the New York Indians, by treaty of
January 15, 1838, made and concluded at Buffalo Creek, in
the State ol New York, and the treaty made at tlte same
place, on the 20th day of May, ]$<12. said lands to be se-
lected within said leserve in Kansas Terutory, m coniornt-
ltv to the legal subdivisions of the public -urveys, and so as
to include the impiovements (it any tlieie be)"of each In-
dian, and patents tor the tame shall be issued to each indi-
vidual Indian adult, or to heads of families for themselves
and their minor childien, they to locate their lands within
the space of one year from the passage of this act; and when
the location &hall have been thus< made and allotted, and
after the expiration of said year, the remainder of the re-
serve shall be considered a part of the public lands, and shall
be subject to settlement, preemption, and entry, as other
lands belonging to the United States; but no settlements,
other than by the Indians above referred to, shall be made
on said reserve tor the space of one year from and after the
passage of this act. All settlements heretofore made on
said reserve shall bo recognized ftom the date of such set-
tlement, and be entitled to preemption, the same as if the
said lands had been Government lands and subject to set-
tlement: Provided, That the Indians named shall have pre-
cedence ovei any other settler, where the same may come
in conflict.
Sec. 2. After paying all the moneys necessary for carry-
ing out the provisions of tins act, the remainder of all
moneys acciuinjjfiom the sales by preemption, private en-
try, oi otliei wi&e, of any land within the tract or reserve
above named, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and kept a^ a «?( p.uatP ami distinct fund; and held
subject to any future action of Congress in relation to said
New York Indians, or to the provisions of any treaty made,
or hereaftei to be made, with said Indians, or any of them,
in lefeience theieto.
Sec. 3. The dtsuict courts of the United States for the
Termone^of Kansas and Nebraska shall severally, heie-
afLer, for the putpose of enfpicing the act of June 30,183-1,
have the same junsdiction as was confeired by the twenty-
fourih section of the intercourse act upon the United States
courts fur the State of Missouri; and that so much of the
tvventy-foui th section of the act of June 30, 183-1, known
as the intercourse act, as conflicts with tins act, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The previous question having been seconded
yesterday, the main question was now ordered to
be put.
The amendment of Mr. Craig, of Missouri,
to the amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. McClUEEN. Is it in order for me to
move an amendment at this time ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. McClfJEEN. I would be glad if the
House would allow me to offer an amendment
striking out the second section, and to make a
brief explanation. Cannot I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been partially executed by the adoption of one of
the umundirR-nts.
Mr. McGlUEEN. I hope the House will not
pass the bill with that second section; for, in my
judgment, it approves a claim for these Indians
to which they have not the slightest title.
The House divided on the amendment, as
amended; and there were—ayes 85, noes 45.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RUSSELL. Take the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I prefer to have'them
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DEAN moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. RUSSELL demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. McGlUEEN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McdUEEN. That second section of the
bill has been recommended neither by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands nor by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. I demand the ye&s and nays -
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was'takon; and it was decided ih
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Barr, Bennett, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Rrayton,
Burlimjame, Burns, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, Jbhn Cochrane. Colfax,
Comma, Corning, Cragin, James Craig. Curtis, Davidson,
Davis ot Maryland* Davis of Massachusetts. Davis of Iowa,
Dawes. Dew,art, Dick, Dimmiek, Dodd, Durfeo, Eustis,
Florence, Folev, Foster, Oilman, Gooch. Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilams, Hawkins,
Hickman, lIo<l e. . Ilovvaid, Oweu Jone>, Kmiu, Kellogg,
Kelsov,"Kil£ore, TCnapp, Landy, Leidy. t eitep; Lovejov,
Maclay, McRac. Samuel S. Marshall, Mattes6n,Maynard,
Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac- N. Monis,
Freeman H. Mofse,Muiray,NiL>lack.NichoJ?, Olia^ Palmer,
Parker, Pertit, Phillips, Pike, Purvianee, Reilly, Ricaud,-
Itovce, Rullin. Russell, Searing, Judson W. Sherman, Rob-
ert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stallvvoi th, Stanton,
Stephens, William Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor. Miles
Tayloi, Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Walbndge, VValdron,
Walton, Israel Washburn, Watkins, VVhiteley, Wilson,
Woitendyko, Augustus R. Wright, and Zolliconer—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Buf-
fi n ton, Ezra Clark, Clay, Col>b,Cockertll, Cuny, Davis of
Indiana, Dean, Elliott, English, Farnsvvoith, Faulkner,
Femon, Gartroll, Goode. Gregg, Hatch, Hill, Hoard, Hop-
kins, Horton, Houston, Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Lawrence, Leach, Letcher, McQueen, Mas-oa, Millson,
Moore, MoU, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Pow-
ell. Reagan, Scales, Seward, Aaion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Singleton, William Smith, Underwood, Vallandighnm,
Vance, Elhhu B. Washburne, White, Winslow, and John
V. Wnght—56.
So Uie bill was passed.
During the above call,
Mr. POTTLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Thompson, was detained at his lodgings by ill-
ness.
Mr. DAVIDSON made a similar statement for
his colleague,'Mr. Sandidge; Mr. PORTER for
his colleague, Mr. "Washburne; Mr. MORSE,
of Maine, for his colleague, Mr. Wood.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. RUSSELL moved to reconsider the vote,
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsidei be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEERS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred a reso-
lution of the House instructing the committee to
inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
President to call into service -one regiment of vol-
unteers m the Territory of New Mexico for th©
suppression of Indian hostilities, moved that tho
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the resolution, that it be laidiipon the
table, and, with the accompanying report,ordered
to be printed; which motion was agreed to.
BRANCH MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back House bill (No. 40) for the
establishment of a branch Military Academy at
the Hermitage, with a recommendation that it do
not pass; yet at his request it was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tho
Union, and, with the accompanying adverse re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back bills of the following titles
with the recommendation that they do not pass;
which weie laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed:
A bill (H. R. No. 132) to establish certain mil-
itary posts on or near to the road made by Lieu-
tenant Colonel J. E. Johnston, leading from
Missouri to the Territory of New Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 6G1) providing for the survey
of the Upper Missouri and Columbia rivers for
military purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 472) to authorize the trans-
fer and cession of the Government barracks, at
Savannah, Georgia, to the city of Savannah; and
A bill (H. R. No. 718) for the erection of a
military post in Dacotah Territory.
EXPLANATORY BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 717) explan-
atory of an act to amend an act entitled " An act
