170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Gilman.
Ho. of Reps.
admission of the State, regardless of the consti-
tution. I cannot subscribe to this doctrine.
Shall the State be admitted? is not the only ques-
tion. Is the constitution republican in form, and
in conformity with the Constitution of the United
States? is the question of deep import and sig-
nificance. As a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, I cannot cscape this issue; I cannot ap-
prove that part of the fourth section just read by
the Clerk; nor can I approve other propositions
contained in this constitution. Gentlemen on the
other side of the House, who advocate the ad-
mission of Oregon, now discover that the doc-
trine contained in the conference bill returns to
plague the inventors. If I do not greatly misap-
prehend, members from the southern States will
find it somewhat difficult to explain to their con-
stituents how it is, and why it is, that Kansas can
only be admitted as a State when she has ninety-
three thousand, when they have voted to admit
Oregon with a population less than that of Kansas.
The record is their own; they must make the so-
lution of tt problem so complex. That it is the
purpose of the leaders of the pro-slavery party to
so organize the territorial governments, to so ad-
minister the political affairs of the Territories,
that they may be made to conserve their policy,
is perfectly apparent,
if the vast region lying between the Mississippi
and the Pacific cannot be divided into slave Slates,
then it is the design of leading men at the South
to consent to the admission of fiee States, or west-
ern States with southern principles.
Let us cherish the hope that, through the tri-
umph of the Republican party and the ultimate
vindication of the principles of this powerful or-
ganization, this vast territorial expanse may be
saved, not 'only from the servitude of the African,
but from every other form of servitude; that the
dignity of labor may be upheld; that the arts of
civilized and refined society may be cherished;
that the energies of free men, impelled by the
noblest impulses, may lay deep the foundation of
States; and that their representation m these
Halls may illustrate the sentiments of those wise
and pntuotic men who established the Constitu-
tion of the Republic.
If wise and harmonious counsels prevail; if the
members of the Republican party are united by
principles and not divided by candidates; if we
sacrifice everything for men and nothing fur our
cause, our triumph will be certain and our policy
will be permanent. If we are true to our convic-
tions, true to our history, true to the spirit of the
age, true to that race of men who secured our in-
dependence, true to our constitutional duty, then
will every part of the North American continent,
without the eight hundred thousand square miles
of slave territory, inevitably and immediately
pass from the oppressive sway of a spurious
Democracy toa Republicanadministration, which
will derive its strength from the intelligent voice
of the people, and not fiom the degradation of
labor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I suppose, when
that time comes, you will have no objection that
the eight, hundred thousand square miles shall
legislate for itself.
Mr. GILMAN. 1 do not mean to indicate any
unkindness to the South. Notwithstanding so
much has been said about fanaticism, Abolition-
ism, and Black Republicanism, the gentleman
from Mississippi and his associates have yet to
learn with what facility a Republican President
and Republican Congress will administer the af-
fairs of the Government, and protect the States
from any invasion of their constitutional rights;
and 1 trust he may soon be convinced that a Re-
publican Administration is a safe depository of the
authority derived from the Constitution. The
people of this country have tolerated the misrule
of the pro-slavery party long enough. They de-
mand a change.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Docs the gentle-
man mean to ignore the Democratic party? He
has spoken of a Republican party and a pro-sla-
very party; now, I understand that there is yet
a Democratic party.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the discussion is assuming rather a wide
range.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi Let me say to
the gentleman from Maine, that, if the Constitu-
tion is administered according to its letter and
spirit, the South is the last portion of the Union
that would complain.
Mr. GILMAN. Let me say to the gentleman
from Mississippi that I do not care to calculate
whether the Notih derives more advantage from
the Union than the South; still, I will suggest to
him that the greatest security for that peculiar
institution, which he so dearly cherishes, is the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the gentleman
understood me to say, if we got, under the Con-
stitution, all we were entitled to, we would be
satisfied, then he understood me correctly.
Mr. GILMAN. I am willing, Mr. Speaker,
to vote for the admission of a State into the
Union, provided there is nothing in the constitu-
tion repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States. I will not consent to the admission of a
State with a constitution containing inhuman fea-
tures. It has been said on this floor that "there
is not a slave State in this Union that denies the
free colored man access to her courts." Why
should not a freeman of my own State, whatever
may be his color, if, by accident or design, he is
in the tcnitorial limits of Oregon, whether as a
State or Territory, be shielded and protected in
his rights under that section of the Constitution
which provides that—
" The citizens of each Suite shall be entitled to all priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Permit me to call the attention of those gentle-
men from the free States, who propose to vote for
this constitution, to the following language found
in the fifth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States:
" No poison shall be depuved of life, liberty, or property,
but by due proems of law; nor bliult private property be
taken without just compensation."
Compare this passage with the fourth section
of the constitution of Oregon, by which " no free
negro or mulatto can hold any real estate, or make
any contract, or maintain any suit," not residing
within the State of Oregon. By the constitution
of the State of Maine, a negro is something more
than a person; he is a citizen. I will here suggest
to southern men that we have enterprising and
efficient men belonging to the negro race. Many
of them will compare favorably with those whoso
skin is whiter.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is not so in the
West. I beg leave to put in a caveat.
Mr. GILMAN. The gentleman is entitled to
his own conclusion. I shall not yield my judg-
ment to his, in relation to the point. I wili now
call the attention of the House to other consider-
ations.
On the 4th of March, 1857, James Buchanan
declared in front of the Capitol, in his inaugural
addicss, that he would cheerfully submit to the
decision of the Supreme Court, which was about
to bo made. On the 5th of March, Chief Justice
Taney delivered the opinion of the court in rela-
tion to the caseofDred Scott, which opinion was
foreshadowed by the President of the United
States. The Chief Justice, in this opinion, uses
the following language in relation to the African
race:
" Tliey had, for more than a century before, been regard-
ed as lit-nigs of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to as-
sociate vvnti the white race, either in social or political rela-
tions ; and so far inferior that they had no rights which the
white man was bound to respect; and that the negro might
justly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his benefit."
On the 9th day of November, 1857, the people
of Oiegon adopted the constitution which contains
this section:
" Sec. 4. No free negio or mulatto not residing in this
State at the time of the adoption of the constitution, shall
ever come, reside, or be within this State, or hold any real
estate, or make any contiact, or maintain any suit theiein ;
and the Legislative Assembly shall provide by penal laws
for the removal by public officers of ail such fiee negroes
and mutattoes, and for their effectual exclusion from the
State, and for the punishment of persons who shall bring
them into the State, or employ or harbor them therein."
In this part of the fourth section, is illustrated
that passage from the opinion of Chief Justice
Taney, " that they [negroes] had no rights which
the white man was bound to respect." I will call
the attention of the House to the preamble to the
Constitution of the United States:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form a
more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure tiie blessings ofhbertyto omselves
and our posterity, do ordain and establish tins Constitution
for the United States of America."
For such purposes was the Constitution or-
dained and established. Ordained and established
not only for the original thirteen, but for all States
that might in the future be admitted in to the Union.
" To establish justice," " to promote the general
welfare," " to secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity," are expressions that
clearly indicate the purpose and design of the
framers of the Constitution. They are consid-
erations that were intended to guide and direct
any future Congress as to the conditions essen-
tial to admit a State into the Union. What gen-
tleman, with a full consciousness of the responsi-
bility imposed by his oath to maintain the Con-
stitution of the United States, can sanction that
part of the fourth section of the constitution of
Oregon, which prohibits a man, because of his
color, " to reside" or " to be within this State"of
Oregon, " or hold any real estate, " " or make any
contract," or " maintain any suit therein ?"
Can it be said by any member from the free
States, at least, that to admit a State upon prin-
ciples so obnoxious, is to " establish justice" and
" promote the general welfare?" He who gives
the affirmative reply must differ from the framers
of the Constitution, as to the meaning and signifi-
cation of the term "justice." We are the body
to determine whether the constitution under con-
sideration is republican in form, and whether it
is in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States. If we declare to the world that it
is in conformity with the Constitution, then the
Declaration of Independence is no longer entitled
to consideration or regard; justice has lost its sig-
nification; the fathers of the Revolution, aspiring
to establish a Government for freemen, have es-
tablished a Government with monarchical and
despotic features-. If this House gives its approval
to this constitution, then, for the first time, will
an American Congress declare that there is a class
of human beings possessed of all those attributes,
faculties, and qualities which -distinguish man
from the brute, " which has no rights that white
men are bound to respect." The indications are
that the House is about to sanction the odious
propositions of the Oregon constitution; so much,
then, will be gained by the pro-slavery party on
this continent; so much will be lost to fieedom.
But it is urged that the people of Oregon have
a right to frame and adopt a constitution that is
most agreeable to their own views, their own con-
dition and wants. Bccause a people have done
violence to the fundamental law of the land, by
what rule, by what reasoning, are we called upon
to imitate their example ? By what authority do
the people of Oregon dictate to an American Con-
gress the terms upon which they will be admitted
into the Union ? Are we independent legislators,
or are we the mere instruments of territorial des-
potism?
The Territory of Oregon is certainly so far
from the slave States that it cannot be affected by
slave emigration from the States. For what rea-
son, then, is the hall of justice closed against the
African ? There is a purpose to be accomplished,
and the public men of that Territory have shown
a willingness to be the instruments of a class on
this continent, whose highest aspiration seems to
be to make this Government the exponent of those
principles which controlled the minds of men dur-
ing the dark and middle ages.
It is said that the Territory of Oregon is equal
to the area of the original thirteen States. It is
deeply to be regretted that her leading men have
lost sight of those great truths which the states-
men of the original thirteen so ably vindicated
on the field of battle and in the halls of legisla-
tion. It is said that Oregon has a genial climate,
magnificent harbors, great mineral resources, and
a soil teeming with undeveloped wealth. If na-
ture has been so prodigal of her gifts, is it not
lamentable that those who administer the affairs
of a domain so rich and so desirable, have not a
clearer perception of the tone and spirit of our in-
stitutions, and a more just appreciation of the
purpose and design of the founders of our Gov-
ernment? Better, far better, that the people of
that Territory should noPexercise the functions
