792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
supplementary to an act entitled ' An act provid-
ing for the prosecution of existing war between
the United States and the Republic of Mexico;' "
which was laid on the table, and the' committee
discharged from the further consideration thereof.
SURVEY OF COLUMBIA RIVER.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bilL^H. R. No. 181) to pro-
vide for the survey of the Columbia river, in the
Territories of Washington and Oregon; which
was laid on the table, and the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
JOSEPH M. HOGE.
Mr. PAULICNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 714) to en-
able the Secretary of State to test the utility of
a new mode of writing, invented by Joseph M.
Hoge, of Arkansas; winch was laid oil the table,
and the committee discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
PROPERTY LOST OR DESTROYED.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 709) to re-
vive an act in regard to property lost or destroyed
in the military service of the United States; winch
was laid on the table, and the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
VOLUNTEERS IN MEXICAN WAR. •
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a joint resolution (No. 42) for
the pay of volunteers for the Mexican war; which
was laid on the table, and the committee dis-
charged from the further'consuleration thereof.
EDWARD INGERSOLL.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill (II. R. No. L'24) for
the relief of Edward Ingersoll; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
MORDECAI AND DELAFIET.D's REPORTS.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a joint resolution (No. 53)
directing the printing of certain icporfs therein
mentioned; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
MILITARY BANDS.
Mr. FAULKNERalso, from the same copimit-
tee, reported back adversely the memorial of VV.
W. Morris, Lieutenant W. G. Gill, Lieutenant
B. H. Robertson, asking- for the organization of
a military band in each regiment; and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof.
FRANCIS B. SEIAEFFER.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely the memorial of
Francis B. ShaefFer, praying for extra pay as mili-
tary storekeeper at San Francisco; and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof.
PUBLIC LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely the petition of
ErastusE. Thatcher and others, for depot grounds
and right of way on the public lands in Michigan,
for railroad purposes; and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
TSXTRA PAY TO OFFICERS.
Mr. FATJLKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely the petition of j
the officers of the Army in the military depart- i
ment of New Mexico, asking to be allowed extra
pay; and the committee was discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
NAVAL ARMORV IN ALABAMA.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, presented an adverse report on a memorial
of the General Assembly of the State of Alabama,
to establish an armory in the county of Shelby,
in that State; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed; and the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill to promote the efficiency of
the Army and the marine corps, by retiring dis-
abled or infirm officers; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
TEXAS MOUNTED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 21) to raise and
organize, for the defense of the frontier of Texas,
one regiment of mounted volunteers; which was
laid on the table; and the committee discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a bill of {he House (No. 830) for the
' punishment of the crime of forgery orcounterfeit-
ingmilitary bounty land warrants,military bounty i
land certificates, certificatesoflocation,certificates 1
of purchase, and receivers* receipts. |
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (No. i
532) for the relief of the legal representatives of j
Charles Pearson, deceased; in which he was di- j
rected to ask the concurrence of the House. j
ENROLLED BILL. j
Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En- j
rolled Dills, reported that they had examined and ;
found truly enrolled An act (H. R. No. 830) for j
the punishment of the crime of forgery or coun- [
tcrfeiting military bounty land warrants, military j
bounty land certificates, certificates of location, ;
certificates of purchase, and receivers' receipts; I
when the Speaker signed the same. j
CLAIMS OF OREGON VOLUNTEERS. < j
Mr. FAULKNER. I aip directed by the Com- ;j
mittee on Military Affairs to ask that certain pa- '
pers transmitted by the Secretary of the Terri- '
tory of Oregon, relative to the protection rendeVed :
by volunteers to overland emigrants in 1854, be '
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the ;
Committee on Military Affairs. I
It was so oidered. j
FORT GRATIOT MILITARY RESERVE. j
| Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on :
j Military Allan's, reported back, with an amend- !
! ment,abill (S. No. 263) granting the right of way !
| over, and depot grounds on, the military reserve 1
at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, for rail- |
road purposes. ' i
The bill grants the right of way through, and ■
the privilege of constiuctmg depots and work- |
shops on, the public lands of the United States '<
lying in the county of St. Clair, Michigan, com- ,
monly called the Fort Gratiot military reserva- ;
tion, to any railroad company or companies which i
may construct a railroad or railroads from the
city of Detroit to or near the village of Port Hu-
ron, in said State; provided, that, m the opinion :
of the President of the United States, such grant '
or grants be not injurious to the purposes of pub- -
he defense, and that the location of said buildings :
on, and such road or roads as to position and i
width thioughjsaid icservation, and the pnee of ;
' the land to be so occupied, being first determined '
I by the Secretary of War, be approved by the .
I Piesident; and provided, further, that if the price ;
j of such grant, or grants, be not paid within thirty [j
i days after the approval of the President, or if
| either of said roads shall not be completed within ,j
j three years, or if, at any time after its comple- .j
; tion, it shall be discontinued, the grant shall cease ■ i
i and determine as to such road; and provided, fur- !
! ther, that all the buildings to be crected upon said
j reservation shall be of wood; and if, at any time,
| it should be deemed expedient by the command-
[ ing officer of Fort Gratiot, or by any other higher
military authority, to destroy such buildings by
fire or otherwise, no claim shall be made against
the United States for damages.
The amendment recommended by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was:
After the words" Port Huron," insert the words," or any
other place m the State.''
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the bills
Sec. —. Also, be it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, gia^ted to the Territory of Kansas, to aid in the
construction of the following railroads, to wit: a raihoad
fiom the eastern boundary of the Territory, at or near the
mouth of the Kansas nver3 on the east &ide, by the way of
Wyandot and Glumdaro, and touching the Kansas river op-
posite Lawrence, Lecompton, and Fort Riley, to the north-
ern boundary of the Territory, in the direction ot; Fort
Bndger; a railroad from Leavenworth to the southern
boundary of the Territory, in the direction of Fort Gibson
and Galveston bay, with a branch running south of the Kan-
sas valley to the southern boundary of the Territory, in the
direction of Fort Union; a railroad fiom Atchison, via Fort
Riley, and connecting with the Fort Union branch of the
railroad from Leavenworth ; a railroad from the western
boundary of Missoun, south of the fourth standard parallel,
where the Osage valley and southern Kansas railroad term-
inates, and tunning fiom that point westwardly, by way of
Burlington, to Emporia, on the same limitations, qualifica-
tions, and restrictions, as above, applicable to the loads of
Nebraska.
Mr. HOUSTON. I could not hear the amend-
ment distinctly; but I propose to submit to the
Chair the question whether it is in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is npt
in order. Xhc pending bill is a Senate bill grant-
ing a right of way, while the amendment pro-
poses to grant a right of way and public lands,
for the construction of a road. The Chair thinks
the amendment is not germane to the original
bill.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The oiiginal bill does
jTropose a grant of land. It is true, it does pot
propose a grant of land for the purpose of build-
ing a railroad, but it does propose a grant of fend
for a depot and railroad station; and, being a grant
of land to a limited extent, it cannot be out of
order to extend the grant for other purposes. The
only question is a question of extent. Lands are
granted in hoth.bills.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
in order, unless he takes an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That is true; but I
presumed the Chair would desire to hear me upon
the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would like to
hear the gentleman.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I was simply saying
that the first bill makes a grant of land; and the
only difference between it and the amendment is,
that my amendment extends the grant a little
further than it is extended m the original bill.
TheSPEAKER. The bill proposes, in the usual
form, to give aright of way, and, as a necessary
incident to it, the right for depot purposes. The
Chair thinks the amendment is not germane, be-
cause it proposes a grant of alternate sections of
public land for the construction of roads. That
is not the purpose of the original bill.
Mr. FAULKNER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The amendment reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs was agreed to.
Th'e bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; ami also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the tablm
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMOIR OF CAPTAIN T. J. CRAM.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
' Military Affairs, reported the following resolu--
j tion:
j ResolceJ, That tiie Secretaiyof War be requested to
: trajifmit to thi-> Hou^e a copy of the memoir of Captain A.
A. Ilimiplir-ns. together With rmv other papers in hie De-
partment c-oinK'ehMl with the topographical memoir of Cap-
tain T. J. Ciam, of the United states Army—a document
which has been called for hy a former resolution of this
IloUaC.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of my col-
league whether it is intended that these memoirs
shall be published by Congress; and if so, what
sized book they are going to make ?
Mr. FAULKNER. In reply to my colleague,
I will say, that so far from being the purpose of
the Committee on Military Affairs to have these
papers published, I am instructed by the com-
mittee to ask this House, so soon as the original
memoir there referred to is sent to the House,
and the accompanying memoir of Captain Hum-
