1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
phrey, that they shall be referred to-the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs ior their consideration,
and to resist their being printed' until they have
undergone the scrutiny and examination of that
committee.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs if this is a res-
olution of the cammiWee itself?
Mr. FAULKNER. I reply that it is a resolu-
tion' reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs. , .
Mr. OLIN. I had the honor, some time since,
to offer to the House a resolution calling for the
report of Captain Cram. A copy of that report
has been made, and has been on file in the office
of the Secretary of War for twelve months past.
The report has not been sent to the House yet,
and the gentleman from Virginia now calls for
two papers now on file in the office of the Secre-
tary of War, both of which, in my judgment,
were improperly placed there. One of them is
dignified by thecall of this gentleman asamilitary
memoir. I understand it is a voluntary letter,
placed on the files of the Department without au-
thority of law. It is a mere criticism upon the
report which I called for. Why it should be
thought necessary to withhold that document
which has been ordered by the House, until this
memoir could be prepared to accompany it, I leave
to members to discover after the report is pro-
duced.
I have now in my desk a synopsis of the re-
port of Captain Cram, showing the importance
of that document in aiding this House in the ap-
propriations which are asked for upon the Pacific
coast, and in aiding this House in the investiga-
tion they are about to engage in to ascertain the
justice, the origin, and the nature of those claims
which the Government is now asked to pay} and
which grew out of your Indian wars in the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Washington.
But there seems to be a disposition upon the
part of some gentlemen to withhold this report
from the knowledge of the House. Now, I know
it is very ungracious to rise here and object to a
resolution merslycalling for information; nor have
I any disposition to object to the production of
anypaper which any member of this House thinks
requisite for the proper discharge of the duties as-
signed to him upon this Hour. But I do obj?ct,
and strenuously object, to these two papers being
brought here. They are not made in pursuance
of law; they arc not made by any responsible au-
thority; and they are not made in pursuance of
any regulation known to any bureau of this Gov-
ernment. They are mere volunteer-criticisms upon
the report of Captain Cram, which I have called
for, and they have been improperly thrust upon
the files of the Department. I might myself as
well have written a letter to the Secretary of War,
reviewing this repoit, and asking that it might
be placed on the files of the Department. Tins
memorial of Captain Humphrey, and the letter j;
of Governor Stevens, of Washington, were not |i
made in pursuance of law. The report of Cap- j
tam^Oram was made in pursuance of law,-and j|
in pursuance of the Army regulations; and it was !!
in exceeding bad taste, in myjudgment, after j
such a report was made by an officer of the Army, j
for a junior officer of the same corps to undertake
tte business of reviewing it,' or that the business !"
orcriticising it should be turned over, by the Sec- ,
retary of War, into the hands of a subordinate j
officer in the same corps of the Army. I thank
the House for giving me this opportunity to ex-
plain this subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia whether he does not think it
very prpbable, that.if these memoirs are brought
here under this resolution, the result will be a re-
port favoring the printing of the documents ? I
would ask him further, whether he has uut seen
the papers which he is calling for; and what sized
book they would maker
Mr. FAULKNER. I assure the gentleman
that I ^ave not seen any of the papers called for,
either the original memoir of Captain Cram, or
the memoir of Captain Humphreys. It was not
the intention of the committee to become a party
to the controversy which seems to have risen be-
tween those who are in favor of this report of
Captain Cram and those who -are opposed to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The object of hav-
ing these lepuits, I suppose, is to advance the
business of the country. I ask my colleague what
public purpose is to be accomplished by their be-
ing reported to this House? If there is none, of
course f must vote against the resolution. If there
is a useful and practical purpose to be accom-
plished, then I shall vote.for it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I'take it for granted that
when this House called upon the Secretary of
War for Captain Cram's report, there must have
been some useful object contemplated by those
who made the call, and by the House when it
adopted the resolution. While I have not seen
either of the memoirs referred to, we have re-
ceived satisfactory information that it was proper,
with a view to throw full light upon the memoir
of Captain Cram, that the accompanying memoir
of Captain Humphreys should also be before this
House at the same time, and before the CommU-
tuc on Military Affairs. They all relate to sub-
jects before the Committee on Military Affairs;
and all we desire is that those papers shall be be-
fore our committee in order that we may determ-'
ine, upon looking into the papers, whether, it is
expedient that any of them., and if so, which of
them, shall be printed. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, when these pa-
pers are sent to the House, to ask this body not
to print any of them until they have been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs for their
examination.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a question
of order upon this resolution. The 61st rule is
as follows:
" A proposition requesting information fiom the Presi-
dent ol the United States or directing it to he fin niched by
the head of either of the Executive Departments, or by thp
Postmaster General, oi to punt .m extra number ot any
document or oihei mattei, excepting menage® of the Pi ev-
ident to both Houses at the commcnc'iiient of each so-moh I
of Congress, and the reports :uid document* connected with i j
or reietred to in it, shall lie on the table one day ior con- i
sideration, unless otherwise ord '$6il by the unamnions eon- >,!
sent of the Hou^e." # !j
Mr. FAULKNER. Thatiulp cannot have any ■
reference to the report of a committee. ,■
The Committee on Military Affairs have asked ']
that this report of Captain Humphreys shall also
conic from the War Department with the memo-
rial of Captain Cram. 1 have not read those
papers, and have never seen them, and cart pro- ,
nounce no opinion upon them, except Irom in- \.
formation laid before the committee, that they 1
should scan and examine together. We are of.
opinion that we had better have both memorials
before us for our examination, and that is the ,
substance of the resolution now before the House. 1
We do not wish to suppress the icpoit of Cap- 1
tain Cram, and why should gontlemen seek to |
suppress that of Captain Humphreys' The com-
mittee want both, and I cannot comprehend the j
motives of those who would seek to suppress that ;
of Captain Humphreys. i
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair, !
the resolution will have to go over, under the rule |
referred to by the gentleman from Tennessee, if
the gentleman insists on his point of order. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do, sir. j
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution lies over. ,
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. j
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on j
Military Affairs, reported the following fesolu- j
tion: \
Rcsolred. That the Joan Committee on Public Printing be
in^nuctcd to lnquee into the expediency ot devising t-omc
pint) by which the Presidents menage and accompanying
document4' :-hall he "ailier printed and delivered to the !
members of the Senate and ilou>e of Representatives. ;
Mr. SEWARD. I object to that resolution. I
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the Ren- I
tleman an amendment, to come m at the close of j
the resolution, in the following words: |
A lift that tliey inquire further wliethei pjy for double ;
composition cannot be stopped.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would hke to have another ,
amendment mad<*
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does not that res- I
olution go over? i
The SPEAKER. It does not; only resolutions j
calling for information from the President, or one j
of the Executive Departments, go over. >
Mr. NICHOLS. That resolution, t hope, will ;
not be objected to. I am in favor of the inquiry. '
Mr. SEWARD. Has the matter upon which j
this report is predicated been referred to the Com- j
mittee on Military Aflaiu? i
Mr. FAULKNER. It is predicated upon no
memorial, but rests as a point of order upon the
inherent power which I think belongs to every
committee, of making such suggestions as are es- -
senti^l to the proper transaction of the business of
the committee] We found that two thirds"of the ,
session^had passed before we had before us those
printed documents which arc necessary for our
actio.n as members of the Committee on Military
Affairs; and we felt that we possessed the power,
inherent in the very nature of a committee,, of
making such suggestions as were essential for the
transaction of business intrusted to us by the
House.
Mr. NICHOLS. I make a personal appeal to
the gentleman from Georgia to withdraw his ob-
jection, and let this inquiry be made.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. It does seem to me that there
ought to be some amendment by which the Com-
mittee on Printing shall be required to examine
into the subject of these large btjoks that purport
to be the President's message and accompanying'
documents, and two thirds of which are totally
worthless. There ought to be power somewhere,
and I suppose it is in the Committee on Printing,
Mr. DAYiS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
seems unable to draw the amendment so as to
embrace his views; and would it not be best to
create a committee of three for that purpose ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sure that the^gentle-
man, if appointed a committee of one, woulci fully
answer the purpose. He certainly could most
accurately draw the paper.
Mr. FAULKNER. The object contemplated
by the gentleman trom Manama is embraced by
the resolution. Qnc of Us purposes is to lop off
all that useless and extraneous matter which
swells the volume to its present size, and delays
its printing.
Mr, HOUSTON. I apprehend not; at least I
fear that it is not. We now have the President's
message and accompanying documents filling
three or four volumes.
A Member. Four volumes.
Mr. HOUSTON. Four volumes, sir; when
the whole of the matter in them that is really
worth circulation could bo embraced in one vol-
ume of a respectable size. Tiie remaining por-
tion, in my judgment, ought to be excluded. I
have not looked into this matter of the powers
of the Committee on Printing; but, sir, if it has
any authority upon this subject, I think that my
fri'-nd ft om Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] who is very
vigilant in his attention to the public expendi-
tuios of the country, and who has assumed the
championship of their defense, will tie able to
make the proper explanation of it in connection
with the cod-fishery subject. I hope he will make
that explanation, and make it to the satisfaction
of the House and the ample satisfaction of his
constituents. Why has the gentleman omitted
all mention of the useless matter which goes to
makeup three fourths of the Ptesident's message
and accompanying: documents.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If the cod-fishery
portion of my speech is offensive to the gentle-
man, I beg leave of the House to withdraw it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I allude to the omission on
his pa  t, if the rules devolve it upon him, to dis-
' chargc a very important duty. I regard hiscourse
as entirely fair, if he is in favor of keeping up the
cod-fishery bounties. If he is m favor of that
tux upon the people, let him say so.
| Mr. CURTIS. I raise the point of order.
that this debate is not germane to the resolution
| Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
j man to state what portion of my public duties I
, have neglected, and to what he has made refer-
l ence ?
! Mr. HOUSTON. I stated that I was notfully
conversant with the duues of the Committee on
Public Printing; but that, if their duty was to ex-
amine into these documents and their printing,
then he had neglccted a portion of that/duty,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The gentleman
knows that the Committee on Printing act en-
tirely under the order of the House, and have iro
power outsido of that order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then that committee ought
to have reported some lufoim of the present in-
efficient system. -
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Let thp gentle-
