1859]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Executive Abuses—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
of a State unless they will consent to be governed
by those principles which their fathers embodied
in the Constitution of the Republic. Oregon has
been tempted to do wrong; she manifests the
waywardness and recklessness of youth. Let her
wait until maturer ye^rs and a riper experience
shall convince her of the error of her ways. Let
this pro-slavery constitution be rejected, and let
other Territories be admonished, that an Ameri-
can Congress will not recognize a form of Gov-
ernment which is not broad enough and compre-
hensive enough to protect the rights of any and
all human beings of whatever color, of whatever
nation.
I will call the attention of the House to the
thirty-second section of the first article:
" Sec. 32. White foreigners who are or may hereafter
become residents of this State shall enjoy the same rights,
in respect to the possession, enjoyment, and descent of
property, as native-born citizens. And the Legislative As-
sembly shall have power to restrain and regulate the immi-
gration to this Sutfeof persons not qualified to become citi-
zens of the United States.55
If the House of Representatives approves this
section thirty-two, how is such approval to be
reconciled by the ninth section, article first, of
the Constitution of the United States?
il Sec. 9. The migration or importation of such persons
as any of the States now existing shall think proper to ad-
mit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress, prior to the
year 1808, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such im-
portation, not exceediug ten dollars for each person."
In the United States Statutes at Large, page
426, chapter 22, can be found an act of Congress,
approved March 2, 1807, which was designed to
exccute and carry out the above ninth section.
The language of section five of the act of 1807,
is as follows:
" be it further enacted. That if any citizen or citizens
of the United States, or any other person resident within the
jurisdiction of the same, shall, from and after the l^t day of
January, 1808, contiary to the intent and meaning of this
act, take on board any ship or vessel from any of tlie coasts
or Kingdoms of Africa, or from any other foreign Kingdom,
place, or country, any negro, mulatto, or person of color,
witli intent to sell him, her, or them, for a slave or slaves,
or to be held to service or labor, and shall transport the
same to any port or place within the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States, and then-sell such negro, mulatto, or person of
color, so transported as aforesaid, for a slave, or to be held
to service or labor, every Mich offender &haii be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and being thereof convicted
before any court having competent jurisdiction, shall suffer
imprisonment for not more than ten years nor less than five
yeai*, and be fined not exceeding $10,000, noi less than
$1,000."
" And the Legislative Assembly shall have
power to restrain and regulate the immigration to
this State of persons not qualified to bccomc citi-
zens of the United States, is the language of the
thirty-second section, article first, of the Oregon
constitution. This language means something,
or it means nothing. Who are persons not quali-
fied to become citizens of the United States ? They
are evidently negroes or mulattoes, or persons
of color of foreign birth. By our naturalization
laws, "fret white aliens" can only become citizens
of the United States. Now, I would inquire,
where do members of this House find the author-
ity in the Constitution to enable them to sanction
the above thirty-second section ? Is r.ot the act
of the 2d of March, 1807, quoted above, the law
of the land? Why, then, hesitate? Why not re-
pudiate a constitution which so clearly violates
the spirit and the letter of the law ? Is it the part
of wisdom and propriety for legislators, for the
makers of laws, for those who should be ever
ready to vindicate and defend what is lawful and
constitutional; is it our part to be first and fore-
most to violate the law? If we sanction the con-
stitution of Oregon, we declare to the people of
that State, with an emphasis not to be mistaken,
that they mayrevive the African slave trade; that
they may import persons of color either from the
coast of Africa or from the eastern coast of Asia.
We proclaim to them from this Hall that they
may so do in violation of the ninth section of the
Constitution of the United States, and in violation
of the act approved March 2, 1807. Time will
indicate the purpose and design of this thirty-
second section. The horrors of the cooly trade
are well known to the intelligent mind of this
country. This " new peculiar institution" may
yet be established on the Pacific coast. It may
be urged that the people of Oregon have determ-
ined that neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude shall be or exist within the limits of their
State. Is it not well known, that when there are
apparently two conflicting provisions in the same
statute or fundamental law, the rule of construc-
tion is, that both shall be sustained if possible?
After the opinion pronounced by the,Supreme
Court in the case of Dred Scott, does it become
members of Congress, representing free constitu-
encies, to leave any question to that court which
can so easily be determined on this floor? The
cooly system is not called " slavery," nor is it
called u involuntary servitude;" yet, who is igno-
rant of the fact that it is practically and essentially
the most infamous condition of human degrada-
tion ?
EXECUTIVE ABUSES.
SPEECH OF HON. I. N. MORRIS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 15, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall avail myself of the lati-
tude allowed in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to submit some remarks upon
matters which pertain principally to the State
I have the honor, in part, to represent upon this
floor. Although, asis my custom, I shall use plain
language, if I should utter a word or sentiment
of a revengeful or unkind character, I shall regret
it. My object is to present an unvarnished state-
ment of facts; and if they should appear harsh, I
beg gentlemen to remember that the Illinois De-
mocracy have a right to speak m terms of merited
condemnation of the wrongs and outrages which
have been inflicted upon them by the present Ad-
ministration. We have borne and forborne; but
there is a point beyond which it would be a pos-
itive dereliction of duty to submit. That point,
in my judgment, has been reached.
The policy inaugurated by the Executive and
his Cabinet officials in proscribing every Demo-
crat, particularly those of the honored State from
which 1 hail, who would not violate their polit-
ical faith, surrender their consciences, and the
creed of the party as enunciated by the Cincin-
nati convention, at the command of power, and
bow down and worship at the shrine of Lecomp-
tonism, has been madly followed from the mo-
ment of its introduction to the present time.
While a dispensation is freely granted to others,
the work of proscription has been carried on in
Illinois with a relentless ferocity heretofore un-
known to the history of the country. Some of
the most miserable and loathsome outcasts have
become secret informers, and before they had the
slightest intimation of what was to follow, the
best men have been stricken down by the authori-
ties here, without the slightest opportunity being
afforded them of defense. So frequently has this
been done that the moral sense of the nation has
ceased to be shocked at the repetition of the of-
fense, and it is now looked upon as a matter of
course. The bloody knife is scarcely plucked
from Jhc heart of one prostrate and quivering vic-
tim, before it enters the bosom of another uncon-
scious sacrifice. Blow after blow follows, in such
rapid succession, that the crimson blade is never
dry.
This may truly and emphatically be said to be
the reign ofshame and terror in America; the re-
enactment of the sedition law in all its terrific effect,
if not upon the statute-book, at least at the White
House, from whence decrees go forth as arbitrary
and tyrannical as any that ever emanated from
Caligula. Even in this city independence of
thought and action is not tolerated; and Govern-
ment officials and clerks, upon whom blackmail
was freely levied in order to raise a fund to over-
throw the Democracy of Illinois, go about the
streets subdued in their mem, afraid to utter a
single word in opposition to the President's wishes
or views, knowing that to do so would be a for-
feiture of their places, which they cannot very
well afford to lose, and be turned out upon the
world, in these times, with nothing to do. If
they dare whisper a sentiment of the heart, it is
only in some private room, to a confidential friend
who will not betray them. Spies track them from
place to place, and, as is understood, report to
headquarters what they may be able to near or
discover.
As proof that the black mail, to which I have
alluded, was levied, I will mention a single fact.
A committee of this city procured the-printing: of
documents sustaining the President's Lecomp-
ton policy, which they supposed would operate
against Judge Douglas, Major Harris, myself,
and others, to the amount of thousands of dollars,
and distributed them by wagon loads throughout
Illinois, before the late election there. And when
the printer wanted his pay, a certain high func-
tionary, who has been rewarded with a foreign
mission, applied to a Government official imme-
diately connected with the Cabinet, to aid him in
raising the money. This last mentioned gentle-
man coolly sat down at his desk, took up the Blue
Book, assessed the whole amount upon the
heads of bureaus and clerks, according to their
respective salaries, and sent a collector around
among them to collect the money; the under-
standing being, that whoever should refuse to pay,
would be proscribed. Some did refuse; and the
President's official organ at once denounced their
conduct, and claimed it was their duty to submit
to the assessment. One^>f the clerks from Illi-
nois wrote an article denouncing the whole scheme
as tyrannical and unjust. That article was pub-
lished in a newspaper in this city, and the manu-
script was stolen, or mysteriously disappeared
from the printing office of that paper, and was
carried around one of the Departments, that the
handwriting might be recognized. When it was
finally ascertained who the author was, it was im-
mediately hinted to him that he had better resign,
or he would be removed; and he did resign.
I state these facts, Mr. Chairman, upon the au-
thority of one of the assessed victims; and if their
truth is questioned, and the House will give me
a committee to investigate the matter, I think I
can prove them to the satisfaction of the coun-
try.
Such js the course pursued towards subordi-
nates; and shall it go unrebuked ? Is the Repre-
sentative of the people to be subdued also? Is he
to put his hand upon his mouth, and his mouth in
the dust, and utter no note of alarm, and no word
of condemnation ? Is he also to bow down at the
shrine of Executive dictation and exchange his
manhood and independence for the smiles of
power? If others do, for one 1 never will; so help
me Heaven, I never will, come what may. If I
stood alone in the breach, and knew I would be
stricken down the next moment, I would oppose,
with whatever ability God has endowed me, the
proscriptions, encroachments, and usurpations of
the Executive. For less offenses than he has com-
mitted Ccesar lost his life, and Charles I. his
crown and his head; for neither ever perpetrated
so many acts of petty tyranny, or did so much to
corrupt national morality—a crime, in my judg-
ment, of the highest grade.' Shall we stand, then,
as poor, timorous mortals, before his advancing
power, and suffer him to crush out every vestige
of the nation Js manhood, without raising the alarm
or offering the least resistance ? He has even ven-
tured so far as to enter into a sovereign State, to
control its local elections with the corrupting use
of the patronage and money of the Government;
a thing heretofore unknown in our political an-
nals; thus, sir, aiming a blow at the freedom of
election, and the purity of the ballot-box'. Offices
were virtually sold to those abandoned renegades
who would go the furthest, and perform the most
menial service, to crush out the party that had
done so much to elect him. A reward was offered
for treason, and a few Judascs were found willing
to sell themselves for less than thirty pieces of sil-
ver; and they brought more than they were worth
at that. These creatures, whose employment has
been, and is to-day, to point out the doomed that
they may reap the advantages of their fall, (I blush
for my country when I say it,) are screened from
the public view as far as possible, and their vile
calumnies and communications are concealed in
the archives of the Departments here, that they
may go unwhipped of justice. This state of
things, so outrageous, tyrannical,and violative of
every principle of right, and more in consonance
