172
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIOTs AL GLOBE.
[February It
35th 0oN6....2r> Sess.
Executive Abuses—Mr* Morris.
Ho. of' Reps.
:-with the dark ages, than this free and- enlight-
ened Republic, should no longer be tolerated.
Sir, as it is evidentthat the course heretofore pur-
sued is to be followed up still, and as neither the
people of Illinois or their Representatives here
■are to have a voice in the regulation of their home
matters, it is .high time to give the President a
Rowiandforhis Oliver—not in the way of revenge,
but with a view of enabling the just and impartial
to determine from the facts whether we have not
been more sinned against than sinning. The
motto of General Jackson, to ask nothing that
■was not right., and to submit to nothing-wrong,
is yet just and truthful, and as applicable now as
the day that it was uttered. I shall, therefore,
speak of things as they are, and will
• " nothing extenuate,
Nor set down aiigtHiu mfiliee."
' When at home engaged in ray ordinary avoca-
tions, although! was so 1e what familiar with pub-
lic events, 1 never dreamed that my Government
was guilty of concealing the evidence upon which
a piiblic officer was immolated; and the people :
'(jvcry where will be surprised and startled to learn ]
that Such is the fact. It was reserved to me, when j
1 reached this city as a Representative, and made j
myself as familiar with the working of things ,
here as tlielimited opportunitiesafforded me would i
permit, to learn, fhr th« first time, that our Exec-
utive Departments were Star Chambers instead of i
-public offices. To say 1 was shocked upon re- l
cciving that information, would but illy express j
my feelings. I was mortified to know that the
teachings and doctrines of the early fathers of
the Government were disregarded; for they did '
ever am openly and in the face of day; and that ^
the officials of the present time loved "darkness .
rather than light," and perhaps "because their
deedsare evil." \
Deeming it to bo my duty to test the matter
fully, and to drag the guilty from their covert, that j
they might bo tried at thenar of public justice, j
"upon receiving petitions with a request that they
should be laid before the Post Office Department,
asking for the reinstaument of Jacob Parsons, 1
Esq., or the appointment of some othergood man
as postmastei at Griggsville, Pike county—which
I represent, with other counties of Illinois—I
went to that Department, and asked the Hon. j
Horatio King, First Assistant Postmaster Gen- ■
eral, to permit me to look at the charges upon j
winch Mr. Parsons was removed, and the recom- |
mendntions upon which Mr. Robert Alien, a man
totally unqualified for the place, was appointed
Ins .successor. I lis answer was: "I don't know ;
about that. If you aie going to lip up things, I
don't know that we can let you see tin' papers." ,
1 replied, "Very well1, sir; all I want to know is
that you refuse." Mr. King then said: " 1 will ;
see the Postmaster General on the subject, and let i
you know what he thinks about it." I re- J
sponded, "Very well,"and then bade him good '
morning. Upon goin^to the House, it occurred
to me that I should make application directly to
the head of the Department, instead of to a sub-
ordinate. Consequently, I immediately addressed
that functionary a note, a copy of which 1 send
to the Clerk's desk to be lead.
The Clerk read as follows:
llotfxs; Rt;pRCf>i-:sTA.Tivi:s3 Deccv>'/tr IT, l&'ft.
Sir : I du-iro to know whether thf privdogr will b<  af-
forded inc. on application, to examine all the papers on file
in yout Dnpaiimont. in relation to removals and appoint-
ment to otiicc in Minion ; and if so, whether I .-hall be pei-
mirted to make copies ol' t>aid papers, and a public or pn-
vate u^e of the information I may thus obtain ?
Yourcailv rcplj will greatly oblige, yours, respectfully,
■ I. N. MORRIS.
.Hon. A. V. Brown, Postmaster General.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois Mr. Chairman, af-
tf r waiting for several days for ft repiy, and re-
ceiving none, I determined to ninko an application
to the House for a call upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral directing him to furnish the desired informa-
tion. I was fortunate enough to obtain the floor
upon the 23d of December Jast, and offered for
adoption, the resolution which I send up to be
read:
The Clerk read as follows:
That the heads of the Executive Departments
b<«, and Uu-y aic heieby, lespeeifuily lequested u  conium-
nicuio to tin? JJouvj tin; loilowing information, a^ far as
they may !>e in po-=<e>-ion of the same in their icpecuve
Departments.
"1. The names of all persftn^removed from office in the
State .of Illinois, since the commencement of the first ses-
sion of the present Congress, and the salaries paid respect-
ively to each. ' .
• " 2/ The names of the persons appointed to office in said
State of Illinois since the meeting of the present Congress.
' u 3. A copy of ail petitions, letters, remonstrances, and
other papers, upon which said removals fihd appointments
were made, how on file, or which may have been on file,
in tiieir-respecuve Departments."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Before the reading
of that resolution was half finished, I was sur-
prised to find some members springing to their
feet and saluting our ears with the familiar words,
ful in its language, censures no one, and only
calls for information touching public matters in Illi-
noisof which the people of that State have a right
to be in possession. Yet 1 was not even allowed
to have it voted on, for it was offered on u day
when I could not move to suspend the rules; and
one solitary objection excluded it.
Since that time, now more than a month and a
half, on every Monday, I have earnestly and per-
sevcringly-sought to bring it before the House,
that I nnght test the question as to the propriety
of its passage, on a motion to suspend the rules;
but I have never been sufficiently fortunate to get
the recognition of the Speaker. Despairing of
doing so, 1 take this means of presenting it to the
country, together with the facts, so that every
man may judge foi himself the propriety of sup-
pressing it. Gentlemen seemed to be startled and
alarmed, for fear that something might be brought
to light which would not be agreeable to the re-
fined and delicate sensibilities of the Administra-
tion, and threw themselves i nto the breach to pre-
] vent the exposure; and, for the time being, they
j have, m a measure,1 succeeded. But the day will
| come when the record, unless destroyed, will
speak for itself. The time will come when the
; facts will be known, and the guilty have to plead
| to the indictment. Justice, although sometimes
tardy, is always sure. No ;;reat wrong can be
inflictrd on any considerable portion of the citi-
zens of this country, without certain retribution
following.
Sir, on the evening of the day I offered the
resolution referred to, I returned to my residence;
and found Mr. King awaiting my arrival. An
interview ensued be'tween us, in which he in-
: formed mo that 1 could read the papers in the
Department, but that it was against the rule to
allow copies to be taken. He further said that I
would only be peimitted to sec them " confiden-
! tially," and thatl would not be nt liberty to make
any public use of the information I might thus
; acquire. I replied that 1 did not desire to see
them on such terms; that it would be of no use to
I mo to know the facts unless 1 was allowed to com-
I munieate them to those most interested. Conse-
quently I never have seen them to this day. Mr.
King appeared very solicitous that 1 should be
satisfied with his verbal response, and not require
' an answer m writing. On this point I was un-
i yielding, and the result was that I received the
answer which f now ask to be read.
j The letter was read, as follows:
; | Post Ofi-'iok IIh'abtsiest, Appointment Office,
j i Decemhcr 27,^858.
'' Sill: The 1'ostmiVitcr Gener.it duly lecoiveil your leiter
', of tile Tilli lii-t.iiil, and referred it to this office for ieply,tlle
i business to winch it relates belonging to this branch of the
i: Department.
! You a>k to know ivlietliei the privilege will be afforded
you, on application, to examine all the papers on file in this
Depaiiment in relation lo removals and appointments to
II office ill Illinois ; and if to, whether you will be permitted
11 to make copic.-, of said papers, and a public or private use
of the information tllus obtained ?
I would have answered earlier, as you are aware, but
,! thatl was desiiousof seeing and communicating to you
vri bally, which 1 could much easier do than by writing,
the reasons at length why your re'quest could not eonsist-
;! enlly be giantcd. Having been favored with this oppoitu-
inly, and le,lining fiom you that you nevertheless desire a
1 written answer, I now have the honor to inform you that,
| while the same facilities heretofore extended to you of ex-
I amiumg any and all papers on file relating to post offices,
&C-, m your di-tiicl, will be cheerfully granted to you, the
M permission to take copies is lespeetfully declined as con-
I! tr.m lo a long-established and salutary lule ol this Depart-
l| meiit, the ledsous foi wliidfi have been verbally explained
■ to you, and are too well known to require to be repeated
! '%°y this, therefore, you will understand that, although the
I Po-rma-ter Genera! is unwilling to rplax any of the leguhi-
11 lions of the Dipdrtineut, every facility and attention en-
joyed by other members of Congress, will, in lite manner,
under the lules, he extended to you.
When permission is given to examine papers, it is al-
ways under the expiess or implied understanding that I tie
sole purpose of the inspection is either to assiM the Depart-
ment in promoting and improving the service, or to enable
the latter to avoid the employment of dishonest agents,
postmasters, &c. In this way the rules themselves, as well
as the relaxation of them,'aie made to advance the welfare
of the pubhe-and the good of the service.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,-your obedient
servant HORATIO.KING,
' • First Jlssistant Postmaster General.
Hon I. N. Morris, House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It will be seen that,
that reply, although' as adroitly and carefully
drawn as a special plea, is, in substance, the same
as the one the writer gave to ine in person, and
proves, beyond all cavil or doubt, that the De-
partments here conceal from the public the charges
upon which a man is tried, convicted, and re-
moved. Without his having the slightest op-
portunity of confronting his accuseis, or repelling
their accusations, his head rolls from the block.
And this conduct is to be dignified by the high
character of the Executioners ! The doctrine is
practically promulgated that " the king can do no
wrong;" or, in other words, that the Executive
Departments are not to beheld responsible to the
people for their acts.
Take the case of Mr. Parsons, and let us see
how it looks. He is an elderly gentleman, of
the highest standing and of the purest integrity
and molality. At home not even a suspicion
was ever cast upon his reputation. For many
years ho held the office of deputy postmaster at
Griggsville; and although a firm and consistent
Democrat, he gave universal satisfaction to all
parties by the prompt and impartial manner in
which he discharged the duties of the place. But
neither his gray locks, his long experience, his un-
doubted qualifications, the confidpnee reposed in
him by his neighbors, nor their general desire to
have him remain in office, could save him from
the prescriptive knife. A man who has not the
slightest qualification for the position succeeded
him Nobody there knows how. Nobodywanted
htm. Yet that made no difference. But the worst
ofitall was that the Government committed alar-
ceny on the reputation of Mr. Parsons. They
sought to deprive him of his good name by crea-
ting a suspicion that he had been unfaithful to his
trust. When he asked, through me, as his Rep-
resentative, when his friends asked, what he had
done to cause his removal, I am told, they are
told, " we cannot make that public. " Whatwa"
his offense? Who are his accusers •1 What are
the charges filed against him' The same re-
sponse, Mr. Chairman, comes back: " We can-
not make that public."
Thus he has notonly been deprived of the little
j office which afforded him in his old age a scanty
1 living, but he is left with unholy imputations
I clustering about his integrity, as far, at least, as
S the act of removal could effect the object. The
i highwayman will take your purse, but will spare
I your character. Both were sought to be taken
' from Mr. Parsons. With a view to his vindica-
tion and as a measure for the promotion of the
public interest, more than one hundred and sixty
citizens residing in Griggsville and vicinity for-
warded petitions asking for his restoration, and
setting forth the total disqualification of Allen.
These petitions I filed in the General Post Office
Department on the 13ih of December last. They
remained there till the22d day of the next month,
when I became fully satisfied that no attention
would be paid to them, and then withdrew them.
Now, I ask that they be read that they may go
out before the public as a part of the case; I pre-
sent them, to be judged of in connection with it.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable Po&tmaster General:
We. the undesigned citizens of Griggsville and vicinity,
do respectfully rcpie^eut, that we consider the removal of
Jacob Parson?, postmaster of said town, and the appoint-
ment of Robert Allen in Ins stead, without, in anyway,
consulting the people, as being inipoiiiic, and a great detri-
ment both to the citizens and to the Department.
Mr. Allen, the appointee, la entirely unfitted by previous
education and business habits, to peiform the duties of the
office, and had the citizens of the tmvn been consulted,
| could not have gotten any one to recommend him asasuit-
| able man.
j We, therefore, request the Postmaster General to recon-
< Mder ihe matter, and appoint some man capable of perform-
i ms tin* duties of the offiee. We would al&o respectfully
i recommend tlie reappointment of Mr. Parsons, but should
