796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
can be found in my district who will come here
and represent that district for one half of what I
am paid; but there is not one in that hundred who
would be elected if he tried to be. And why?
Because the people have a just appreciation of
this thing1. 1 can go upon a plantation in the
South and hire men to swing the doors of this
House (as'it is termed) for just what you can hire
them of their masters f®r. 1 can bring men here
of no character, men that members would blush
to see ih a public position, who would discharge
these duties at one tenth what is now paid. I do
not wish to be disrespectful. I do not wish to
impugn the motives of any gentleman upon this
floor; but, sir, as I said yesterday, I wish to say
now—and I am alone responsible on this side of
the House for what I do in this matter—thatyou
bring these men hero; that they are your political
friends; they have served you in your districts.
"When you bring them here, and associate with
them on terms of gentlemanly equality, in God's
name pay them a decent compensation.
[Here the hammer fell.)
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to amend this
amendment by adding these words:
Unless they perlbim double service.
Mr. BURNETT. That is not in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Itis,ifthegentleman's
Amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Chairman, I had
no intention yesterday of giving umbrage to the
fentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] when
spoke in favor of the claims of the poor man to
the wages he earns. My remarks then were in
advocacy of paying to the employes under the
Doorkeeper the same salaries that are paid to
employes under tiie various other officers of the
House. I spoke of the laboring men about this
Capitol. When a man has been appointed to n
place hern at a salary fixed by the law, 1 was un-
willing to have that salary reduced at the end of
a session, after the service had been performed.
Because I happened to speak of these men as
"laboring men," it gives offense to the gentle-
man from Kentucky. I regret always to offend
him; but if advocating the claims of the poor man
to his. honestly-earned wjges gives offense, lean-
not help it, as I will ever do it; let it offend whom
it will, I care not. My object is to do right to-
ward all classes, rich or poor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman's remarks are not in
• support of his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must eon-
fine himself to his amendment. j
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Thoie are on the Min-
ute books of the United S'ate<, laws \vhi<h fix ■
the salaries of the various cmplo) e • of the House ;
and of the various departments of the Govern-
ment. These silanes being fixed by law, it is ,
the duty of this Congress to n.iss appropriation !
bills to fulfill these laws; and when agent'oman
rises tn this Ijou?e to oppose the pa*-s ere of these '
appiopriouion bills, he arrays hims< if against the \
laws of the land. He arrays himself in a revolu- ,
tionary attitude. When a menib* r refuses to grant 1
appropriations to mrry. ou^ existing laws, he
clogs the wheels of Government to (he extent to-
which h'3 opposes those appi opi iations. loan'
regard no nuui as a true friend tn his country who
stands on tins floor and attempts to defeat the ap-
propriation hills that are necessary to defray the*'
expenses of the Government, not m one particu- i
lar, but in ail; not only the salary of the Presi-
dent, but of the day-laborer, 1 desire to see our '
laws fulfilled and our credit maintained, and I do
notrespect factious and revolutionary opposition,
let it come from where it will, or be the motive
what it may. I am the friend of retrenchment
and reform; bat our debts must be paid, and our
laws carried out.
Let the gentleman from Kentucky bring in bills
retrenching all our expenses, and I will figh t with
hirn for their pat,.sa«e, but do not begin with the
poor, paltry wages of our laborers, whilst mil- !'
lions are wasted m other profligate and useless ,i
expenditures without a woid of opposition. But j
it so happens that the appropriations that are ob- ^
jected-to by my friend from Kentucky, and otheis
who agree with him, always relate to the salary
of some laboring man about the Capitol. Ilerc i-
is this building. Look at the millions lavished
on it; and yet the gentleman from Kentucky asks
what it is that has swelled the expenses of Gov-
ernment beyond the large amount which it for-
merly cost. Our own salaries were increased at
the same time as the salaries of these employes.
The gentleman from Kentucky does not come
here with a resolution or bill to reduce his own
pay, but the laboring man, who stands at the
door and opens it and bows to us as we pass, is
not to get his pay—his wages must be reduced;
and because, forsooth, I, on yesterday, spoke in
favor of the claims of poor and labonngmen, my
speech is to be denounced to-day, after the gen-
tleman has pondered it over for the night. '* The
laborer is worthy of his hire;" and the hireling
shall never, by a vote of mine, be refused his
wages.
I am neither afraid nor ashamed to defend the
rights of the poor and laboring man. Whenever,
in my presence on this floor, his rights are in-
fringed, I will give him my feeble aid to secure
his rights. I would not array one class against
another, but the rich can much better defend
themselves. I would do no- wrong to any class of
men, rich or poor, but do right to all. I am the
friend of the poor man. I am myself a laboring
man, and I am not ashamed to own it here or
elsewhere. With these hands I have earned a
living, and I am no better now than when I toiled
for my bread; a/id whenever I fail to remember
and defend the claims of the poor and laboring
man, here or elsewhere, may these arms fall pal-
sied by my side, and my tongue forget the use of
words.
Mr. BURNETT. The pathetic and ad cctp-
tandum part of the gentleman's speech, I shall
leave without comment. This thing of speech-
I making, and the charactcr of speeches which gen-
| tiemen make on this floor, is a mere matter of i
' taste. If gentlemen desire to make Buncombe ;
speeches here near the close of the session for 1
homeconsumption, and intended to tickle the fan- j
cies of men who, like themselves, may be led by !
the same ideas, I shall not interpose any ob- ]
jection. ]
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken- ;
i tucky must confine his lemarks to the amend- |
| menu - 1
1 Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend- ■
ment. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] ;
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. j
Montoomkrv] have both presented a singular [
view here. The gentleman from Pennsylvania '
repeats the story which he sung yesterday, of his j
being the friend of the poor man. He tells us of ;
his own poverty. Why, sir, I suppose there is j
not a man m this country who is not, to a great ;
extent, the architect of his own fortune, and that i
(here is not a solitary man on the floor of the j
House w#ho has not a philanthropy broad enough :
to embrace all classes of the country* Whenever i
I hear gent'emen gelling up and speaking of their \
love and devotion to poor men, I set that down to
his cfcdit in the Columns of Buncombe; for it is ;
nothing elxe. I have been charged with advocat- '
mg a reduction of sahuit-s; butthe gentleman can- !
not lind a solitary vote that I ever gave, proposing (
to ledure the salaries of the employes of the '
House. J voted to suspend the rules to let in the
bill of mv colleague, [Mr. Mason,] fixing the ;
number and the salaries of the employes of the j
House. - j
1 am m favor of paying men a fair quid pro quo ;
for their services. The gentleman ftom Pennsyl- t
vania is either superlatively ignorant or litis mis- ,
taken the facts in regard to the law. Pie says I
am violating the law in opposing this section. I
tell the gentleman that no man can say where the
lesolution is authorizing the pay of these men. He I
cannot tell himself. My remark was addressed ]
to that point. I hoped the House would fix the
number of its employes; cut off the supernumer- |
anes,and pay those who arc absolutely necessary ;
a good salary. I do notmtend to make an issue '
with my friend from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] as to j
the discriminating judgment of his people, and as !
to their good sense m selecting |nen to serve them. !
I have no doubt they understand what is for their
benefit. 1
Mr. NICHOLS. Certainly they do. j
Mr. BURNETT. I do not propose to reduce i
the salaries of officers. The gentleman fiom Penn- j
sylvania offers tins amendment to my proviso: \
<c unless they perform double service." That is
a circumstance which shows that my amendment
ought to be adopted. It shows that men are ap-
pointed -to oflice who have time to discharge the
duties of two or three positions; and it shows with
still greater force that the number of employes
should be reduced.
The gentleman talks about being the friend of
the poor man, and of economy 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Montgom-
ery's amendment to the amendment; and it was
rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Burnett's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the eighty-eighth
line:
Provided, That hereafter it s>hall not be lawful for either
the Senate or tin; House to increase the compensation or
number of their offices, except by a law or joint resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
That is clearly legislation, and changes existing
laws.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the Chair will hear
a respectful suggestion from me, to prove that my
amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. GARNETT. There are but two rules of
this House under which it can bo pretended that
this amendment is not in order. The first is the
81st rule, and 1 ask the Cleik to read it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is the point of order I
raised debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desired to hear
the gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection, if the
privilege of debate is to be accorded to members
on all sidrs of the House.
Mr. GAIINETT. It has been extended all
over the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. When I have been upon
the floor, I have heard cries of 44 order," all
round.
The 81st rule was then read, as follows:
£* No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
ptopii.uson bills, oi be in order mi amendment thereto,
loi anv not previously authorized by law, un-
lo-i  ia continuation of appropriations tor such public works
ann objects a^ are already m prom es-?, and lor the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment. M
Mr. GARNETT. That rule clearly does not
exclude my amendment; for this is not an appro-
priation. Now read the 55th tule.
The 55th lule was read, as follows:
" No motion or proportion on a subject different from
thai under consider anon, shall be admitted under color of ■
amendment. No bill or resolution bhall, at any time, be
aim nd<-d by annexing the eto, or meorpoioimg therewith,
anv other bill or resolution pending; before the House.5'
Mr. GARNETT. That rule does not exclude
it; because the clause I propose to amend is for
the payment of the ollicers of the Senate and the
House; and this amendment is germane to the
subject of the mode of their payment. I submit,
then, that the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order, on the ground that it is
legislation.
Mr. GARNETT. Wilt the Chair be kind
1 enough to point out the rule which excludes legis-
* latiou in nporopnal inn bills ?
| The CHAIRMAN. The 81st rule.
Mr. GARNET 1'. I ask the Chair to point out
under what rule it is out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is against the uniform
practice of the House to incorporate general legis-
lation in nn appropriation bill. The Chair decides
the amendment out of order.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, 1 will move another
amendment. Of course I bow to the decision of
the Chair, whether there is any reason for the de-
cision or not. 1 move to add the following pro-
viso to the end of the clause:
Provided further. That no portion of this appropriation
shall be used for thepaymentof any salary not fixed bylaw.
The object I have in offering tins amendment
is this: I am peifectly willing to pay the officers
of this House, and of the Senate, not merely what
their services are worth, but a fair and liberal
salary; and I am perfectly willing to give to the
chief officers of this House the number of assist-
ant officers they require. And when those offi-
