1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
cers are appointed, I will vote readily and heartily
to pay them a liberal compensation for what they
do for us. But I am not willing that this House,
or the Senate, shall assume the legislative author-
ity of this Government. The Copstitution of the
United States prescribes that no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury of the United States,
except by law; and I maintain that it is a grave
abuse, that it-is a violation of constitutional duty,
when, by this hocus-pocus of the contingent fund,
we permit one House of Congress, which has no
legislative power in itself, to increase its officers
or their compensation ad libitum. I maintain that
all expenditures of money ought to be under the
control of law. We know that the Constitution
has vested the legislative power in the Senate, the
House of Representatives, and the President, and
when it is declared that no money shall be taken
from the Treasury, except by the joint assent of
these three powers, Imaintain that it is utterly
unconstitutional, and abusive of all principles of
government, to permit either House to spend
what it pleases, to create what officers it pleases,
or to enlarge their salaries at pleasure.
The object of my amendment, therefore, is,so
far as the rules will permit me, to declare that
this appropriation shall not be spent exeept in
pursuance of law; that it shall not be competent
for the Senate or the House to run up the ex-
penses in one year from $30,000 to $70,000. I
repeat, that it is not intended as a blow at any
officer of either House^nor as a censure on any
compensation which they are now receiving; but
it is intended to place a restriction upon what I
conceive to be an improper and unconstitutional
mode of paying money.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of thegentleman, for the simple reason that
it is all provided for in existing laws.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 move to amend thatamend-
ment merely for the purpose of making an in-
quiry. I move to add the words " previously
enacted." J want to understand this amendment.
I ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether all these salaries are fixed by law ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No,notail. They
are fixed by law and by the resolution adopted at
the last session of the House, upon the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. MILLSON. If that is the case, the adop-
tion of the amendment offered by my colleague
would prevent the payment of all salaries of offi-
cers whose compensation is fixed by a resolution
of fhe House. A resolution of the House is not
# a law; and surely my colleague docs not intend
' to deprive of their salaries those whose compen-
pensation is fixed by a resolution of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The effect of the
amendment 
Mr. SEWARD. I lise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr, Piielps] laid
down the rule correctly in regard to the course
of debate, that gentlemen should confine their re-
marks to the amendment under consideration;
and I hope he will be h<-ld to that rule.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri; I am willing to
submit to the rule, and am glad to have the
point made upon myself, for then no gentleman
can complain if I insist hereafter upon an enforce-
ment of thp rule. I yield the floor upon the point
of order made upon me.
Mr. GARNETT. I will say that I have no
desire to prevent, by my amendment, the pay-
ment of the salary of any officer of the House.
If, under the amendment 1 have offered, they are
excluded, it is perfectly competent for Congress
to pass a bill, fixmg their salaries, and to appro-
priate money to pay them.
Mr. MILLSON. With the consent of the
committee, 1 will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia cannot reply.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is out of
order.
Mr. LETCHER. Who has opposed theamend-
ment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from-Mis-
souri.
Mr. LETCHER. He was answering an in-
terrogatory when he was called to order; and he
yielded the floor upon a point of order. And be-
sides, he spoke in the time of my colleague, and
not in the five minutes allowed by the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. Still it was a reply.
Mr. LETCHER. Then a gentleman cannot
answer a question, because that would cutoff any
one who wanted to oppose the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
tMr. LETCHER. I now propose to amend the
amendment by adding the words, "or a resolution
of this House," so that the amendment shall
read:
Provided further, That no portion of this appropriation
shall be used for the pavnient of any salary not li\ed by law
oi a lesolutum of tins Hou&e.
The Committee of Ways and Means have been
arraigned here by one and then by another for vio-
lating what is conceived to be their duty in re-
porting this clause of the bill. We have reported
here only such appropriations as are necessary to
meet the salaries of officers that are fixed by law
or by resolution of this House; and a resolution
of this House, adopted no longer ago than the last
session of Congress, for which thegentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] and myself voted, ana
which was introduced by his colleague, [Mr.
Mason.]
Now, sir, when we voted for that resolution,
did we intend it to be obligatory upon this House,
as a guide to the Committee of Ways and Ateans,
in reporting the necessary provision to discharge
the indebtedness of the Government to the em-
ployes that were specificall)'* mentioned in it? If
we did not intend to do that, what did we intend
to do? Was the legislation altogether nugatory?
Was it to become of no effect whatsoever here ?
Was it a mere farce that this House went through,
never intended to be binding either upon them-
selves or upon their committees? I say not. Then
if we have conformed our action to the law, and
to the resolution of the House adopted at the last
session, what has the Committee of Ways and
Means done wrong, for which they should be
arraigned to-day ? Is there anything in this sec-
tion of the bill, (I put it to the gentleman from
Kentucky,) which is not covered, either by law,
or by joint resolution ?
Mr. BURNETT. My answer to the gentle-
man is this: I have not taken the Committee of
Ways and Means to task on account of anything
contained in this section, nor can the gentleman,
from any remarks I have made, say that I have.
The point 1 made upon the Committee of Ways
and Means did not embrace the gentleman from
Virginia; but it did embrace the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] and his colleague upon
the committee from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] who interpose from time to time points of
order and objections to every reform attempted
here. That was the point I made.
Mr. LETCHER. If the Committee of Ways ^
and Means have reported only what is sanctioned j
by law, or by resolution, was it not the duty of '
the chairman to interpose questions of order,
whenever gentlemen sought to arraign that sec-
tion of the bill ? Were we not in the strict line of
discharging our duty, no more, no less? That
is exactly the position which we occupy here
now; and if a resolution is not sufficient to control
the action of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I would like to know why my friend from Ken-
; tucky, or somebody else, has not, between the
time that resolution was considered last year, and
this time, taken occasion to make it precisely
what the eentleman now desires it should be?
Mr. BURNETT. My answer to that question
is this: that the gentleman who has the bill in
charge, fixing the number of employes about this
House, and their salaries, cannot get the floor to
report that bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, because the commit-
tee charged with this business cannot get the
floor, arc you to undertake to legislate it into this
bill m violation of rule and law?
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; not in violation of
rule and law, but to respond to the Committee of
Ways and Means, when they interpose objec-
tions here, and make points of order, u why do
not you brins; in reforms?"
Mr. LETCHER. But the Committee of Ways
and Means are not charged with legislation.
They are charged with presenting appropriations
to meet existinglawsand rxtfctmg liabilities; and,
if the Committee of Ways and Means are to under-
take to introduce bills here to regulate the em-
ployes of this House, and to change $11 other pro-
visions which gentlemen may think are insufficient
in law now, what time will they have to consider
any other legitimate business? What are the Com-
mittees for? What is the Committee of-Claims for ?
What is the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia for? What is the Committee on the Ju-
diciary for? What are they for, if not for the
very purpose of presenting that legislation which
the gentleman now says should be saddled upon
us? Can they be for any other purpose? Are
we to be charged with all the legislation of the
House ? It is not Jong since we were arraigned
for usurping powers which did not belong to us,
and it was said that the Committee of Ways and
Means had swallowed up all the powers, privi-
leges, and duties of this body. That was no
longer ago than last session. I say, then, we
have done our duty in this matter, and if the law
is wrong, it belongs to the House itself to cor-
rect it.
Mr. SEWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to say one woVd,
with the permission of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, in response to the numerous inquiries which
have been made by the gentleman from Virginia.
There is a stereotyped phrase connected with this
Committee of Ways and Means, which they in-
variably poke at members on this" floor: " Why
do you not introduce a bill?" It has been asked
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Piielps,]
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] and by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher.] Now, sir, I may be permitted to
answer that question in true Yankee style, by
putting a question to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. Is it not as much your duty, as a member
of this House, to introduce bills and measures of
lefonn, as it is the duty of any other gentleman
upon this floor?
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this will not be taken
out of my time.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer the gentleman from Kentucky ?
Mr. SEWARD. If it does not come out of my
time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can make no
such arrangement.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, go on.
Mr LETCHER. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky addressed that question to me, I say, in
reply, that I have to perform as much duty in
this body as he does, if not more. We are re-
quired to report our appropriation bills within
thirty days from the commencement of the ses-
sion. What obligation of that sort rests upon any
other eoinnutteeof this House? We ate required
• to meet morning after morning continually; and
| frequently to remain in session after the meeting
! of the House. Now, when is the Committee for
the Distiict of Columbia in session ? Plow often
do they meet, and how long do they remain in
session ? Has not he, therefore, more time to pro-
duce those measures of reform than I have ? For
whatare your committees on the expenditures for
the various departments of the Government, your
Committee on Public Buildifigs, and all your other
committees, organized ? Why arc they not intro-
ducing measures for reform when the whole ques-
tion of expenditures is submitted to their consid-
eration ?
: Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman says that he
| is obliged to report the appropriation bills within
I thirty days after the commencement of the ses-
I sion. Very well, sir. The gentleman's services
| upon this floor I regard as invaluable; and the
! only regret I have is, that he is going to leave
| this House. I regard his loss as a public calum-
' ity. But, in connection with that, permit me to
i say that when the gentleman comes here and puts
' these questions to members who are in favor of
reform, they recoil with additional force upon
; gentlemen of his age, experience, and known in-
■ fluence here.
! Mr. LETCHER. I return my thanks to the
| gentleman for the compliments he has paid me;
| but on the score of age, I wish to say in addition,
' that I claim no advantage over him. [Laughter.]
i Mr. ICEITT. Does the amendment includo
i the Senate ?
! The CHAIRMAN. It does not apply to th«
| Senate.
j Mr. IvEITT. I wish to make a single remark.
! The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted m
