1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ff5
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Executive Abuses—Mr. Morris.
Ho. OF RePSi
ing but disaster, and proves we did wrong to in-
trust him with the power, though some suppose
the fight between him and Lopezaffords an equal
chance of success, as it is generally believed they
are well matched, except that Lopez possesses
superior military qualifications. He publicly rec-
ommended, in his message, the abrogation of the
Clayton-Bulwertreaty, and then privately labored
to prevent Congress from expressing an opinion
in favor of that recommendation. A professed
disciple of the Monroe doctrine, he stands with
folded arms, and does nothing efficiently to pre-
vent European interference with the affairs of this
continent. His efforts to enforce the neutrality
laws are everywhere regarded as failures. His
proposition to establish a protectorate over Mex-
ico is treated with indifference, if not contempt.
His plan of increasing the regular Army Con-
gress at once put down. His ill-advised attempt
to defeat the Democracy of Illinois, who so nobly
sustained him in 1856, was signally rebuked. He
has an organ without a responsible editor, an Ad-
ministration without a party, power without re-
spect; and to crown all, a Secretary of the Treasury
who tells him to his teeth that his fiscal policy is
wrong, and yet both retain their places! Strange
anomaly! He came into the presidential chair
pledged to ad valorem duties, and now recommends
specifics,and hasembroiled the party which elect-
edhimin almostinterminabledifficultiesupon that
subject. He found u's peaceful, contented, and
buoyant with hope; and, in less than two short
years, brings broils out of quiet, excitement and
angry controversy out of contentment, anddespair
outofjoy. He has desecrated the social circle with
political feeling; tainted the simplicity of republi-
can manners with the airs of a foreign court; cor-
rupted the national morality by an improper
disposal of the public patronage, and the selection
of appointees to office without reference to their
moral characters; given unlimited range to his
passions and prejudices, and sees no merit in any
one who was not originally for his nomination.
In his letter accepting the nomination of the Cin-
cinnati Convention, he said, speaking of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill:
" This legislation is founded upon principles as ancient
as free government itself; and, m accordance with them,
has simply declared that the people of a Territory, like
those oj a State, shall decide for themselves whether sla-
very shall, 6r shall not, exist within their limits. This prin-
ciple will surely not be controverted by any individual, of
any party professing devotion to popular government."
In his message transmitting the Lecompton
constitution, delivered at the last session, he tells
us that " Kansas is, therefore, at this moment, as
much a slave State as Georgia or South Carolina,"
notwithstanding slavery has never been estab-
lished there by law, and the people are opposed to
it. No torturing he can apply to the decision of
the Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott case, can
reconcile these conflicting positions. We learn
that he has granted an amnesty to Brigham Young
and other Mormons, and has sought to pre-
vent the execution of the laws in Utah, and not
to enforce them; and thus to strike down the in-
dependence of the judiciary, and bring it into
subjection to his will, as he sought, at the last
session, to subdue Congress by an Executive fiat.
He is the Jonah that troubles the ship, and has
sought to tear to pieces the platform of principles
upon which he was elected; to strike down the
great doctrine of self-government and popular lib-
erty, and substitutehis willforthat of the people.
His conservatism has proved radicalism. On the
slavery question he is sectional with the extremest
of the South; on the tariff, with the North. He
has violated, as the head of the nation, national
courtesy; and then his Representative, honorable
J. Glancy Jones, in the House, indelicately ac-
cused members of opposing an appropriation from
which he was to reap pleasure, if not benefit, be-
cause they were not invited to his table to dine.
Shame, where was thy blush ! He has shown
no administrative ability; but has used the power
conferred on him to gratify personal feeling, and
not in the spirit of a public trust. And in the
name of the Democracy I impeach him, as one of
its Representatives, for these high crimes and mis-
demeanors. 1 impeach him, in the name of our
common country, for the common wrongs and
injuries he has inflicted upon it. Discovering too
late his fatal course, he is now seeking to embroil
the nation in foreign troubles with the view of
diverting attention from the failures of his home
measures, and making some grand and signal
demonstration. He asks us to place $30,000,000
in his hands to negotiate for the purchase of Cuba.
While I should like for our Government to pos-
sess that island, I am unwilling to intrust .so im-
portant a matter to his discretion. After the evi-
dence he has given us ofhis financial ability, I am
satisfied, in my own judgment, that he would use
up the money, and that we would then be further
on from the acquisition of Cuba than we are nbw.
Nothing of importance he has recommended has
succeeded, and it is high time that the Demo-
cratic organization had calculated its reckoning,
and taken a new departure. His administra-
tion is not the party, and the distinction must be
broadly marked and kept up. The old Democratic
ship "Union," the ark which has so long borne
up the covenant of these States, is imperiled,
and ho! all hands aboard ! and -we may yet res-
cue her from the breakers upon which she is beat-
ing. If we stretch ourselves out lazily upon the
bank, and manifest a serene indifference, or reck-
less disregard of consequences, she will be dashed
to pieces withinsight of theshore,and for the want
of the assistance we can render. If, however, we
select the right man for a commander, one .who
has great qualities; and not one for his supposed
availability, (we have had enough of that in all
conscience,) inscribe our old principles upon our
flag, and turn away from this administration, as
we would from the Angel of Death, she will ride
safely into port, a little strained, it may be, by the
tempest, but well fitted to perform many other
voyages. But if we make a misstep, we may
proclaim as much as we please to the troubled
waters, " peace, be still," and they will rage and
roar on, and soon close over the vessel; then we
shall be adrift upon the boundless ocean of un-
certainty, with not a plank or splinter to hold us
above the surging billows.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will again recur to ap-
pointments. It is held correct by the Democratic
party that Federal officeholders should not inter-
fere with the freedom of elections; not that they
should not vote or express their opinions, but that
they are thought to be out of their line of duty
to use their official positions to control the ballot-
box. Now, it seems to be made a condition pre-
cedent of their appointments, that they should do j
but little else than control it. In my own State
I have seen too many and painful instances of
this not to rebuke it in terms of merited condem-
nation. Federal officials and employes there and
elsewhere were marshaled for the conflict, under
the command of some leader dictated at Wash-
ington. If any held back, if any indicated a re-
pugnance to the duty required, they were at once
disposed of as deserters. Perhaps, however,
this is the least objectionable part of the conduct
of the Administration.
At the last session, the President held back the
nominations of appointees from the Senate, espe-
cially those in Illinois, until near the close of it;
and he could have had no other reason for his
conduct than a fised and deliberate purpose of
using his patronage to compel the expectants and
their friends to assist in forcing the Lecompton j
constitution, which Senator Hammond now ad- j
mits was brought into Congress reeking with j
" blood and fraud," down the throats of the peo- ;
pie of Kansas. At the present session he pursued ;
quite a different course. At the commencement ;
of it, and during Judge Douglas's temporary ab- [
sence, he sent in to the Senate the nominations i
for Illinois, of appointments made during the re- \
cess of Congress in place of those removed; thus j
depriving Judge Dougi.as of offering reasons why :
they should be rejected. This conduct spea*ks I
for itself, and will cling to the President as a lep- ll
rous spot upon his reputation, which time will i|
never efface. The character of a maneuverer, added
to that of a tyrant, dishonors the man, while the
country mourns the fall. At the last session,
when he was striking at public liberty and crush-
ing out northern manhood, I stated in this House :
that the Executive was surrounded by flatterers, ,
and that no man had told him the truth. At this [
session I am constrained to tell the truth on him. !
This duty, however, has been no pleasant one to
me. I would to God, for his sake and the sake
of our national character, I. had been spared the
painful necessity. When forced upon.me., I have
not felt at liberty, however, to-shirkthe respons-
ibility. It seemed to roe meet that ail.Illinois
Democrat should sketch the scenes of his unfor-
tunate administration. ...
One feature, Mr. Chairman, of the Kansas-im-
broglio has struck me as a little singular*.. The
President first makes the Lecompton constitution
a test of Democratic orthodoxy. Secondly, he
makes the conference bill. His friends in the
East, North, and West, go home, and in the can-
vass tell the people they did not mean anything!
when they gave their votes for a measure exclud-
ing Kansas from the Union until she had a pop«
ulation sufficient to entitle her to a Representative
in Congress, the fact " to be ascertained by a cen-
sus duly and legally taken;" and that if they were
reelected they would Vote for her admission at
any time she applied: while the President,in his
late message, still insists she must be. kept out.
By the force of this pledge a fewsucceeded, while
the great majority of them fell in the battles. But
even this is not all. Some gentlemen started out
fiercely against Lecompton, and afterwards went
over to the President's policy, and certain results
followed the new association. One case of -the
kind suggests itself to my mind, which I will
briefly name. t
The member from the Columbus district, in
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] made an early speech in this
Hall, at the last session, against the Lecompton
constitution, and was severely anil bitterly de-
nounced for it by the friends of that measure.
Afterwards he supported the conference bill, and
was taken back into full fellowship by the Ad-
ministration. Soon after he submitted his re-
marks, his personal, bosom friend, a Mr. Miller,
was removed from the office of deputy postmaster
at Columbus, and Colonel Medary, who was then
in Washington, abusing Mr. Cox and every anti-
Lecompton Democrat, and the people of Kansas,
in bitter terms, was appointed m his place. Sub-'
sequently to Mr. Cox's support of the conference
bill, Colonel Medary is sent out as Governor of
Kansas, to rule over a people he labored to op-
press, and Mr. Miller, the friend of Mr. Cox, is
put back in the post office at Columbus. I have
no comment to make on these facts further than
this: that no anti-Lecompton Democrat wlio
stood firm and resisted the wrongs attempted on
the people of Kansas has had a friend restored
or received any favor from the President. The
public, Mr. Chairman, can and will judge of such
matters for themselves; and if they should come
to the uncharitable conclusion that the member
from Ohio, to whom I have referred, gavea prac-
tical illustration of the truth of the .doctrine he
advanced in his Cuban speech, that it was the
physical law of our nature that the greater al-
ways absorbed the weaker.power,and that it was
right it should be so, I cannot help it, and he
has no one to blame but himself.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have already trespassed
too long upon your patience and that of the com-
mittee. I have said what I have upon my own
responsibility, more in sorrow than anger, and
from a deep sense of public duty and obligation
to the Democracy of Illinois. 1 might say much
in addition, but will refrain. Perhaps, after all,
the Administration is to be pitied for its weak-
ness, rather than censured for its crimes. One
thing is certain: it has lost the respect and confi-
dence of Congress and the country, and will ex-
pire
" Unwept, unhonored, and unsung."
I expect, however, to see the Democratic party
spring, phcenix-like, from its ashes. That party,
sir, has been the hope of the Republic; and if it
will only be true to itself, true to its integrity and
its principles, this Union will continue, in a po-
litical sense, the star of Bethlehem to the down-
trodden nations of the world; but if it should at-
tempt a justification of this wicked and imbecile
Administration, (a thing I do not anticipate,) I
should fear the most disastrous result. Nothing
is more common than for the people to repudiate
public servants who have disappointed their just
expectations: and the President is not invested
