1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
this appropriation should be made here. By ref-
erence to page 6, line one hundred and twelve
of the bill, members will see that'there is a very
heavy appropriation proposed of $40,000 for mis-
cellaneous items. Now, I submit, why is it that
the repairs of these desks and the various et cet-
erasconnected with the repairs of the Capitol, can-,
not be embraced under that head ? Why specify
for furniture, repairs, and other things, when here
is an item of $40,000, under which these repairs
can all be effected? It looks as if there was a pur-
pose-to get all you can by specification, and then
to embrace this whole amount for miscellaneous
purposes. Now this miscellaneous item means
something or it means nothing, and it does seem
to me, that all these repairs which are too insig-
nificant to be stated in separate items, should be
embraced in that general provision, and that this
distinct appropriation is wholly unnecessary.
Mr. Chairman, it is undeniably true, that these
boxes ordered for the use of members are a spe-
cies of abuse. Gentlemen say that the whole
appropriation will not be expended unless it is
needed. Sir, there is no balance of this fund for
the present Congress unexpended, and we can
very readily imagine how it has been expended.
I have never got my boxes; at least I have never
got more than one box during a session, and
sometimes not that. It cannot have been neces-
sary that this appropriation should be made to
cover these expenditures. Does any gentleman
suppose that these items can involve anything
like the amount specified in this appropriation?
Sir, I hope it will be the pleasure of this com-
mittee to strike out this paragraph.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
a single explanation in reference to these items
of appropriation, including that proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman from Virginia, and
others in this connection. I am opposed to his
amendment. If that paragraph is stricken out,
the amount must be added to the miscellaneous
fund of the House. A certain amount to pay the
expenses of the two Houses of Congress was
formerly appropriated in gross; subsequently the
appropriation became subdivided, in order that
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment might be able to distinguish between the
several items of appropriation, and hold each
House to a more strict accountability for its ex-
penditures. I have before me the law regulating
the contingent fund of the two Houses. Each
item of expenditure out of the contingent fund
must be paid under the supervision of the Com-
mittee of Accounts. The rule of the House which
prescribes the duty of that committee is as fol-
lows:
" It shall be tlie duty of the Committee of Accounts to su-
petnitend and control the expenditures of the contingent
turn! of the House of Representatives; also to audit and
settle all accounts which may be charged thereon ; and also
to audit the accounts of the members, lor then tiavel to and
fiom the seat of Government, and their attendance m the
House."
This, then, is the duty of the Committee of Ac-
counts. !No person can be employed or receive
any compensation out of any portion of the con-
tingent fund of either the House of Representa-
tives or the Senate, unless he has been employed
in pursuance of a resolution of one of the two
Houses; nor can any amount be drawn or paid
out of that contingent fund, unless the account
therefor shall first be presented to the Committee
of Accounts and shall be audited and allowed by
them; so that so far as these expenses for furni-
ture and for repairs of all kinds are concerned, the
accounts must be presented to-the Committee of
Accounts; when an account has been allowed by.
that committee, it may be paid by the Clerk, and
not until then. The reason for dividing these
items of appropriation, under the head of contin-
gent fund, was to keep a check, as much as pos-
sible, by the officers of the Treasury Department,
upon these expenditures.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means inform me
why these repairs of desks and chairs in this
Hall, which really seem to require no repairs,
cannot be paid out of this miscellaneous appro-
priation of $40,000?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have already
stated that if this item be striken out as a distinct
appropriation, it will be necessary to increase the
amount of the miscellaneous fund to that extent.
If it be the pleasure of the House to pursue that
course, I have no objection. The Committee of
Ways and Means have only pursued the practice
which has been pursued for several years past,
and which they Believed would be an economical
practice—that of dividing the different subjects
of appropriation under the head of contingent
fund.
The amendment offered by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia, was adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the fol-
lowing paragraph of the bill:
" For stationery, 15,000
by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That no part thereof shall be paid to members
in commutation of blatioiiery.
The object of the amendment is this: By the
law, as I understand it, each member is entitled
to stationery to theamountof twenty-five dollars
for a shoit session of Congress, and forty-five
dollarsforalongsession. The piactice, however,
is, if I am correctly informed, for members to get
as much stationery as they may need, more or
less, and receive the balance in money. Now,
the objetft of the law, as I understand it, is not to
pay members, but to provide them with station-
ery. I believe that some abuse of this provision
of law has been practiced, and I theretore offer
this amendment for the purpose of correcting that
abuse.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman from Tennessee, that during the period
I have served in Congress, I have from time to
time found great complaints upo,n the part of mem-
bers, of the quality of the stationery furnished
for the use of the House. Such was the fact, it
will be recollected, during the last session of Con-
gress; and, when members for that reason find it
necessary to purchase their own stationery, they
have been reimbursed for it out of this appropri-
ation.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment I have
offered, it strikes me, is just what is wanted to
remedy the evil, if there be one. The law, as I
understand it, requires such an amount of sta-
tionery to be purchased for the use of the House.
It is purchased by the Clerk; and I think it
should be optional with the members to use the
stationery furnished for their use, or to supply
themselves out of their own means. If our Clerks
will not get stationery fit for use, let us call them
to an account for it. They are required by law
to furnish stationery proper and suitable for the j
use of the House; and it seems to me that if wo I
are  not satisfied with such as is furnished, we
should just put our hands into our pockets, and
buy for ourselves finer or more valuable 
A Member. Or cheaper.
Mr. MAYNARD. Or cheaper, if need be, for
our own use. The objection to the system as it
now exists, is twofold. In the first place, the
full amount for the session is paid by the Clerk
for stationery; and in the second place, the money
is paid to members for the stationery which they
do not see fit to take.
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to thet amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee. His
error consists in the fact that there is no officer of
this House who is authorized by law to purchase
any stationery at all for the use of membeis. It
is merely done fi'om session to session, for the
convenience of members; and merely as a matter
of convenience. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, what law there is which authorizes the
Cleik to bring this stationery here? There is no
such law on the statute-book.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Georgia, whether the stationery I
which we sec in the Post Office of the House is
not stationery regularly purchased by authority I
of law; and whether the Clerk of the House is
not authorized by lav/ to make the purchase?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not, know of any such
law. I should be very glad if the gentleman from
Tennessee, or any gentleman of this House, would
point out a law which authorizes the Clerk of the
flouae to purchase stationery for the use of mem-
bers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will tell the gentleman
that there is such a law, and if he will consult
any one of the clerks who has been here for ten
years, he will find that there is.
Mr. SEWARD. I have had occasion to ex-
amine into this matter, and I can find no lav/ H
which authorizes the, Clerk to buy paper, bring
it in here, and sell it to us. ft is dpDe merely as
a matter of convenience, and this appropriation
is made to pay for it. Gentlemen" cannot afford to
come here and furnish their own stationery for .a
long session of Congress to be used in the trans-
action of the public business. It js furnished here
to us as a matter of public convenience." . *
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will.'ex-
amine into the facts of the case, be will find that
there is stationery enough already on hand to
last for the next two years. There is now in the
rooms of the Capitol a vast amount of stationery
which has been accumulating in former Con-
gresses. It has been constantly accumulating,
and none is ever sold, unless it may have been
during the last recess.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the gentleman will
find that he is mistaken. It is not the paper pro-
vided for the use of^the members which has thus'
accumulated. And now I should like the gentle-
man to show me the law which authorizes the
Clerk to buy this stationery.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will give you all the law
there is for it. It is provided for, first, by the
standing rule of the House, under which you now
elect your Clerk; and secondly, by a resolution
passed in 1847, when the House reorganized the
Clerk's department as to the matterof stationery.
I wish any gentleman would assume the payment
of my stationery bill for any session since I have
been here.
Mr. SEWARD. Members, I know, spend
more for stationery than they get. In reference
to these minute matters, it is apparent to us all
that they cannot each be provided for b^ special
law or resolution. There is, of necessity, some
discretion left with the House. These items for
stationery, repairs, and a variety of similar ones,
cannot be exactly provided for by human wisdom
or foresight. If there were laws passed in all
these cases, our statute-book would be lumbered
up beyond use or tolerance. These items must
be acted upon at every session as they are pre-
sented by the estimates.
I do not think, sir, that the appropriation of
§15,000, for the stationery of this House, for two
hundred and thirty-four members, and for the
clerks, is an extravagant amount, for the corre-
spondence on public matters that is imposed upon
us. I am willing to pay for the paper which I
use for my own private affairs. Certainly gentle-
men do not want to put members to the expense
of providing paper for the discharge of their pub-
lic duties.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly not.
Mr. SEWARD. I take the money which is
allowed and purchase my own paper; for that
which is furnished here is unfit for use.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out the words:
" For stationeiy,
Mr. Chairman, as I understand.tlie law,mem-
bers are allowed by resolution forty-five dollars
for stationery for a long session, and thirty-five
dollars for a short session. If they do not choose
to take the stationery, then they take the mbney;
the object being to furnish them with the means
of providing stationery without incumbering them
with an individual charge. That is for the pur-
pose of our convenience. It seems that we are
not able to wait upon ourselves. We have others
to do that in everything. It has grown into a
custom here to provide stationery for the use of
members. But there is no obligation created on
the part of members to take stationery when it is
brought here for them. They can get it anywhere.
Stationery here sometimes comes at a very high
figure; entirely too high for the use to which it
is to be applied, and for which it is required, For
instance: here is an envelope, which I use ex-
tensively in my correspondence with my constit-
uents. It costs me ten cents per hundred. You
cannot get such an article in the post office. So,
without going into detail, I purchase my station-
ery where I please, entirely independent of the
contract system here for the supply, which is not
without the abuses of the contract system. I
make no charge; but, sir, the supplying of sta-
tionery by the officers of this House is a direct
interference with the trade of this city. It cuts
off all the competition which this large consump-
tion might give rise to between the dealers ixi sta-
