1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. op Reps.
REVISION OF THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OP HON. WM. MONTGOMERY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration, the
President's annual message—
Mr. MONTGOMERY said:
Mr. Chairman: I intend to make some remarks
on that part of the President's message which re-
lates to a revision of the existing tariff laws.
This is a subject in wkich every Pennsylvania
Representative feels a deep and thrilling: interest.
As one of those Representatives, I propose to
make some remarks on this subject, rather by
way of suggestion and request than as a regular
argument.
On the 20th day of February, 1857, this House
passed the revenue law commonly known as
" Campbell's tariff." On that day there was in
the Treasury of the United States a surplus of
over $20,000,000. We had more money than we
could expend. Every branch of business was in
the highest degree of activity, and prosperity
smiled upon the land. In less than one year
thereafter, the President of the United States, in
discharge of his official duty, asked us to pass a
law authorizing a loan of $20,000,000 to enable
the Government to meet its liabilities—to unlock
its wheels and set its machinery in motion.
Our commerce had fallen off; our manufactures
were idle; thousands of laborers were cast on the
community, without any means of gaining a live-
lihood; a panic had unstrung the nerves of credit;
and general distrust of everything and everybody
Withdrew capital from its ordinary and legitimate
channels. Now, I will not say that this crisis
was entirely produced by the passage of that ill-
timed tarift bill; but I will say that I do believe
that the period of its coming was greatly hastened
by it. Nor am I sure that this stagnation of busi-
ness, this want of confidence—the cause of alt our
misfortunes—would have ever existed, if that bill
had not become a law. With the influx of gold
from California, and our great prosperity, we
might have prevented, or, at least, have procras-
tinated, the time of disaster. When this House
passed that bill, men of capital and business at
once contracted their expenditures. Banks be-
gan to diminish their circulation; money soon
became scarce; public confidence was shaken; and
the crisis was suddenly precipitated upon us.
i do not propose to enter the field of calculation
and conjecture to ascertain what our situation is,
or what it might be. I will not parade figures
on this floor to show that our expenditures are
too great or too small. I must legislate for the
nation as I find it. For many years no set of
appropriation bills have been passed without a
number of patriotic gentlemen taking the heads
of Departments to task for extravagant and waste-
ful expenditures. Plausible and earnest speeches
have been made, and buried m that tomb of ob-
livion, the Congressional Globe; but the nation
has gone on progressing, and the expenses have
steadily increased with our multiplied wants and
growing population. Gentlemen may conjecture
what nught be done, and tell us what they could
do; but. u is the dream of theorists; it never can
and never will be realized. I judge the future by
the past; I take the nation as 1 find it, as it is, as
it has been, and as it is destined to be. What,
then, is the spectacle we this day present, as a
nation ? We have a national debt of $>64,000,000.
The estimates made by the head of the Treasury
Department show that our revenues will not meet
our expenditures by about $8,000,000. And all
this in a lime of profound peace!
I regard the estimates of the Secretaiyas much
too low; and I think with my colleague, [Mr.
Phillips,} that the deficiency will be much nearer
$5l),UiK),UO0 than $8,000,000. That part of the
question has been very fully elaborated by both
my colleagues,[Mr. Hickman and Mr. Phillips,]
and 1 propose to devote my attention to other con-
siderations. I indorse their figures and sustain
their calculations. But I may add that, unless the
Paraguay expedition is conducted with much
more economy than the Mormon war, the esti-
mate of $50,000,000 for our deficiency is much
below the mark.
Then suppose the old soldiers' bill shall pass
and become a law, it is estimated that it will re-
quire pi,000,000 to pay the pensions provided
for in that act. Again, suppose the homestead
bill receives the approbation of the Senate and
the President: this will deprive us entirely of
the revenue from public lanus, and will decrease
the income §5,000,000. These two items taken
together make $17,000,000 that are likely to be
taken from the estimates of our receipts and added
to our expenditures during the fiscal year.
By what species of arithmetic the Secretary
of the Treasury failed to include the $19,754,800
of Treasury notes which fall due on the 1st of
July next, as a part of the fiscal deficiency, I can-
not conceive. We owe these notes; they fall due,
and should be paid; yet they are not included in
his calculation. But my colleagues have already
so ably handled that subject that I will not con-
sider it, nor go over the calculations.
Taking this as our stand-point, and viewing
our financial condition with these lights before
us, what is necessary to be done? Shall we go
on madly and recklessly increasing our indebted-
ness by further loans? I think such a course is
neither wise nor prudent. It is condemned by
the President and by the Secretary; condemned
by the very spirit of our republican institutions,
which requires simplicity and economy. I regard
a national debt as a national curse; and I will
never, by any vote of mine, acknowledge it as a
permanent and lasting policy. We must, then,
revise the tariff, and raise more revenue; pay our
debts, and preserve our credit. *
There is a sneering allegation often repeated or)
this floor, that" Pennsylvania wants a tariff " If,
by this declaration it is intended to charge that
Pennsylvania demands a tariff merely for selfish
purposes and without any motives of a national
character, I emphatically deny it—such is not the
case.
A revision of the tariff is demanded to replenish
our exhausted Treasury, to save our national
credit, and to redeem our national faith. The
President has advised it. The Secretary of the
Treasury has urged it upon us; and a national
debtof $64,000,000 is an argument whose colossal
proportions can neither be disputed nor answered.
No, sir, it is not Pennsylvania, but the nation,
that asks a revision of the tariff.
The President of the United vStatos, in his wis-
dom, after an experience greater than any states-
man m America, has admonished us of the neces-
sity; and the Secretary of the Treasury has twice
urged upon us the importance of immediate legis-
lation. The President has well said that this
change is demanded, not only to replenish our
exhausted-Treasury, but that the incidental pro-
tection thus afforded might, "to some extent, in-
crease the confidence of the manufacturing inter-"4-
ests, and give a fresh impulse to our reviving
business." I certainly agree with him. Hissug-
gestion, and his recommendation of specific duties
instead of the present ad valorem rates, are emi-
nently wise and proper, and entitle him to the
lasting gratitude of the working men of our whole
land. As a Pennsylvania!!, I thank him for it;
and I will here in my placc exert my feeble influ-
ence to have them carried out.
We are told by the friends of a revenue tariff,
that the increase in the duties must be placed upon
all articles alike. They claim that we shall exer-
cise no discriminations, make no distinctions; but
shut our eyes to all other objects than the reve-
nue to be raised. 1 am not one of that number.
I am for an increase of the tariff; but I desire to
discriminate in its modification in favoi of our !
own manufactuieis and producers. I desire that
this increase of duty shall do something more than
replenish our Treasury. 1 desire to see it, in the
language of the President, " increase, the confidence
of the. manufacturing interests and give a fresh im-
pulse to our reviving business," by incidentally pro-
tecting them from ruinous competition with the
products of the cheap labor and great capital of
other lands.
The difference between us, on this question, is
of the highest importance, The friends of inci-
dental protection and discriminating duties are
also the friends of a home market and of Ameri-
can products, skill, capital, and enterprise. The
friends of a revenue tariff without discrimination
are wholly indifferent to the fate of our manufac-
tures and look no further than the mere collec-
tion of revenue.
I here desire to meet and repel a common de-
lusion which prevails on this subject, and which
seems to afford an argument which the friends of
a revenue tariffurge with great pleasure and plaus-
ibility. We are told that a tariff is a tax; and
that when we propose to levy a duty upon such
articles of our imports as we can either manufac-
ture or produce in our own country, we thereby
increase the price to the consumer, and in this
way tax him. Now, will the friends of a revenue
tariff tell me if, when we levy a duty on such im-
ports as are neither produced nor manufactured in
our country, we do not increase the price to the
consumer upon them also ? It is unquestionably
true, that all duties are, in the beginning, a tax
on the consumer; nor does it matter whether we
produce the same kind of articles in our country
or not, still, the duty is a tax; although, as I in-
tend hereafter to show, where we produce articles
of a similar kind with those on which we impose
a duty, the protection thus afforded attracts cap-
ital, skill, and enterprise, into that kind of pro-
duction, and thereby necessarily and invariably
decreases the price to the consumer, and, instead
' of being a tax, it really gives him a better article
at a lower price.
But what I now desire to show is the fallacy
of the argument which charges the friends of in-
cidental protection with taxing the people. Per-
mit me to illustrate. We have now a deficiency
of $8,000,000 to raise by an increase of duties on
our imports. The diflerence between us is not
the amount of money wkich we propose to raise;
both sides ask an increase of $8,000,000. This
sum of money we must have. The enemies of pro-
tection propose to tax the people just as muck ae
its friends. Both sides propose to raise$8,000,000
by a tax. Let me hear no more then of the argu-
ment that, because we advocate incidental protec-
tion to our own producers and manufacturers, we
are therefore the only advocates of a tax on the
people. Those who advise a revenue tariff pro-
pose to place a duty on tea and coffee. I propose
to increase the duties on iron and wool. Am I
any more the friend of taxation than they? They
place the duty on tea and coffee, and thereby tax
the laboring man and benefit no one. I place the
duty on iron, and thus foster and encourage the
American manufacturer,and benefit the consumer
by giving him a cheaper article and a home mar-
ket. Yet, amusing as it may seem, these gentle-
men who tax the poor and laboring classes on the
necessaries of life, charge me with imposing bur-
dens on their constituents. A duty on tea and
coffee falls on the poor; a duty on railroad iron
falls on rich corporations against which some gen-
tlemen profess such a horror. It is, therefore, no
difficult task to judge between us, nor to determine
which is the advocate of burdens on the people.
I therefore trust that, in the progress of this de-
bate, I may hear no more of this tax argument.
It is not true, and is too transparent a humbug
to deceive any one. We agree as to the amount
we desire to raise; and we differ only in the ar-
ticles on which we intend to have the duties im-
posed, and the manner of imposition.
i Another favorite argument with the opponents
' of protection is, the want of constitutional power
! to impose protective duties. The first tariff law
1 ever passeu was signed by George Washington,
! and was advocated and voted for by the very men
! who framed the Constitution. Yet that law con-
j tamed the memorable declaration that it was ne-
1 cessai y that duties be laid for " the encouragement
\ and protection of manufactures.*''. This was afa-
I vorite doctrine with Washington, Jefferson, Mad-
! ison, Monroe, and Jackson. Each of these illus-
! trious statesmen, in their messages and public
| speeches, earnestly and ably advocated, not tariffs
; for revenue, but tariffs for protection. {Sanctioned
| by the authority of these great names, I might
| safely leave this subject without further comment.
. Before the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
i the power to regulate commerce witliia their bor-
