THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHfNGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 3859.
New Series*...Ko: 51-.
$£,000 for cartage; and if the gentleman will ex-
amine into the items of expenditure, he will find
thatnearly or quite all this hauling of documents
Of Which he speaks was charged to this account.
• 'Mr. AVERY. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama if the horses employed by the Postmaster
of the House are not employed in hauling docu-
jmefits for the mails?
■ Mr: HOUSTON. I have already said that if
gentlemen will look to the accounts of receipts
arid expenditures, they will find that, for every
quarter during the recess, there are extra charges
foVh&uling, which would cover the hauling to the
city post office of all those documents. It is im-
possible that the number of documents to be hauled
during the recess can be sufficient to furnish em-
ployment for all these horses and carriages, and
to make till this extra expense for hauling neces-
sary.
Mr. AVERY. I understand that the^are not
sufficient.
Mr. HOUSTON". If they are used for that
purpose at all, I would like to know what this
$2,000 for cartage means? I would like to know
where is the necessity for all this expense during
the recess.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that this bill be laid
aside, for the purpose of taking up the President's
message.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
Mr. MASON. I should like to know whether it
would be in order to move to take up House bill No.
311,in relation to the employes of the House? If
the House will take up that bill, we can settle all
these matters in relation to the expenses of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is acting
under an order of the House to consider this bill.
■Mr. LOVEJOY. I move, then, that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nichols and
Clay were appointed.
Thecommittee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 32, noes 93.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. GARNETT. I will modify my amend-
ment so as merely to reduce the amount to $3,500,
and that will leave the authomies of the House
at liberty to employ what force may be necessary
for the post office during the session, under the
instruction of the Committee of Accounts, who
will not allow all these supernumerary horses and
other expenses, when there is no work to do.
Mr. TRIPPE. I move to amend the amend-
ment ot the gentleman from Virginia by adding
$100 to his amendment.
t wish to say, that I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia will be adopted. It
has been stated here that, m 1853, this appropri-
ation was $3,200, that, in 1857, it had grown to
$5,700; and, in 1859, to $7,420. It is a fair illus-
tration, I have no question, of the manner in
which the expenditures of the Government have
been run up to the sum of eighty or ninety mil-
lion dollars annually. Why is it that $7,500 is
asked for to do that jobbing with carts and horses
which was performed two years ago for §5,500,
and four or live years ago for $3,200? Why it
should be doubled I cannot say, unless it is a
simple illustration of the extiavagance which has
grown up in all these matters. It is a small mat-
ter, to be sure; but 
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Georgia 
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a point of order.
There has been an entire monopoly, upon that
side of the House, of this discussion. Now, I
object to it, and coll upon the Chair to confine
gentlemen to speaking in their own time, in order
that others may take their turns.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman's time is
not up
Mr. MORGAN. I object to his "yielding the
floor to another member.
51
Mr. BURNETT. There is a misunderstand-
ing of facts in reference to this appropriation.
Mr. MORGAN. I insist upon my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not m order.
Mr. TRIPPE. Horses, carriages, and saddle-
horses, were mentioned in the act of 1857, and
the identical language is used in the act of 1858.
In two years this item has increased from $5,700
to $7,420. Now, I ask, why do you want so
much more than you had two years ago ? Why
would $5,500 answer two years ago, and not less
than $7,500 now? Why would $3*200 answer
five years ago,and now you must have more than
double that amount? The item of binding has
been reduced some $25,000, and that shows that
less cartage is required. This appropriation for
binding is for the long sessio'n of the next Con-
gress. For the long session of the last Congress
that item was $125,000, and now only $75,000 is
asked for the next long session* and yet you pro-
pose fifty per cent, increase for the service of dis-
tributing those bound documents among members.
It is a small item I know, but it is a little indica-
tive of the manner in which the expenses of the
Government have been run up to $80,000,000 per
annum.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that I do not
justify the increase of the appropriation. I do
not propose to defend that increase here as neces-
sary. If gentlemen will glance forward to line
one hundred and eleven, they will find an item
of appropriation of $2,000 for cartage, which is
not for services during the recess, but during the
session of Congress; and it is said to be demanded
on account of the fact that there are not enough
carriages furnished to the Postmaster of the House
to send the documents.to the post office. Hut* 1
am informed that, in all probability, that $2,000
will notall be needed, and that$1,000 will be suffi-
cient. Now," I suppose this item under consid-
eration has been run up to $7,420 by the authority
which has been given to increase the number of
carriages, and by the addition of two saddle-
horses. Now, sir, I do not propose to say that
this appropriation is right. I say that it ought
not to have been increased; that we ought not to
have run up this amount to $7,420. I do not
believe that the public service demanded it. Yet,
we ought not to do injustice to those who carry
out the orders of the House, by saying that they
aie guilty of spending money without authority
of law.
Mr. TRIPPE. I will now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the withdrawal of
any amendment. The amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected; and then the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out these words:
For newspapers, S'l^oOO.'1'
Mr. Chairman, that is a personal accommoda-
tion to members. It is a present to members. I
hope that it will be stricken out.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, we have now
been engaged two days m the consideration of a
bill of thirty-five pages, and have not yet finished
the consideration of the fifth page. If we go on
at this rate, we shall be engaged fourteen work-
ing days of the session in disposing of this single
bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will confine himself to opposition to my
amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I think, sir, that we may fairly
trust the Committee of Ways and Means in the
arrangement of the petty details of this appropri-
ation bill. We have had many reasons to observe
that that committee have been distinguished by
economy, not to say parsimony, and when they
recommend to this [-louse the apniopiiauon uf
little items of detail, winch they have had the op-
portunity to investigate, surely we ought to trust
them.
Ml*. Chairman, I am for retrenchment; and I
am.for preventing the necessity af retrenchment.
Let us 'begin where ? Let us refuse $5,t)00,000
for French spoliations. Let us refuse the count-
less millions asked for the Pacific railroad. Let
us remember that this House passed the old sol-
diers'pension bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the discussion of
the old soldiers'pension bill, unlesslcan be heard
in reply.
Mr.'JOHN COCHRANE. I think that the
gentleman is in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I am speaking in the same
spirit that animated gentlemen here, and am urg-
ing that economy should be exhibited in these
great matters, Perhaps I am one of the very'few
members here who is at liberty to refer to these
great, these grand, these magnificient expendi-
tures, for I feel myself not responsible for any of
them.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to know how
the gentleman stands on the Cuba question, the
$30,000,000 project?
Mr. MILLSON. I have risen mainly for the
purpose of inviting gentlemen to approach the
consideration of this bill, and to dispose of it
without this tedious minute discussion of petty
details. •
Mr. MOORE. I propose to reduce the appro-
priation §500
Mr. Chairman, we have heard from every side
of the House, day after day, arguments in favor
of retrenchment; and yet those who seem to be
earnest and loudest in their outcry, oppose any
movement made, because, as they allege, the
amount is too small. I think we had as well be-
gin with the small, as with the larger items in
the appropriation bills; There are no matters
calling for reform more than those, small though
they be, which relate to appropriations made for
the use of members of this House. Sir, I was
glad that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendle-
ton] anticipated me to-dffy in objecting to that
small item in reference to boxes for books, which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. John Coch-
rane] ridiculed in his usual felicitous manner. I
do not think that it was deserving'of ridicule.
Here is another similar item for newspapers for
members. I ask, who is there here upon this floor
that cannot purchase the newspapers he may need
to inform himself upon public questions? Is not
this an abuse that should be cut down ? Why, sir,
members here vote themselves four or five daily
newspapers because they are members of Con-
gress. Is it not enough that they get the Daily
Globe, which contains a full and accurate report
of our proceedings? Is it not sufficient to have
access to the costly congressional library? Why
should we come here and vote ourselves four daily
newspapers each ? 1 am opposed to it. I think
that the country ought to demand that we shall
commence reform by commencing with the abuses
which relate alone to the use and convenience of
members of this House. Little things they may
be; but the little things, when added together,
make large ones I think that it is important that
we should strike down all such abuses.
I am informed, sir, that members not only get
their four or five daily newspapers, but that the
committees get four or five daily newspapers for
their committee rooms. Is not that wrong? Four
daily newspapers for each member, and then four
daily newspapers for gentlemen of the commit-
tees ! I am authorized to say that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, in addition to the four
papers supplied to each member, subscribes to
four or five daily newspapers for itself. I desire
to hear from the chairman on the subject.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Alabama alluded to the Committee of Ways
and Means. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means during the last Congress had
three daily newspapers. The chairman of the
committee at the last session had three daily
newspapers; and the present chairman has con-
tinued that number. Not'for his own use, for
lie takes the same papers at home, but for the ad-
