802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
vertisements and for the publication of laws,
which are cut out and kept in a book. As to the
Daily Globe, it is filed an the room for the pur-
Eose of convenient reference to the debates had in
oth Houses of Congress on measures in which*
the committee is concerned.
Mr. MOORE. . I ask whether each member of
the committee is not furnished with the Daily-
Globe? . ~ 4
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes, sir. "When
a debate takes place in the Senate of the United
States on one of the appropriation bills, it be-
comes necessary, in committee, to refer to it.
I might not have preserved my Daily Globe, or
brought it with me; and therefore we keep it on
file.
Mr. MOORE. I certainly intended no per-
sonal reflection on the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or any member
of the committee over which he presides.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not know
that it is in order, Mr. Chairman, for members
on this side of the House to participate in this
debate. It has been pretty exclusively confined
to the other side. But I have been struck very
forcibly with the idea of what a serious loss it
■would be to the country if in carrying on the af-
fairs of the Government, we should miss all the
wisdom, all the eloquence, and all the learning
displayed on the other side of the House j  this
discussion. I am always filled with some feeling
of apprehension, when I find gentlemen dealing
so learnedly, and so much in detail, in denunci-
tion of these small, trifling items of appropriation
and expenditure. 1 am always suspicious, that
■when the House has been sufficiently wearied,
and had enough of smoke and dust kicked up,
there will be an attempt to get up some great con-
tract or grab. I agree with the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that we make nothing
by spending a whole day here in passing over
tnree oj- four lines of an appropriation bill, whete
all the items would not amount to $20,000. 1 be-
lieve we would study economy more efficiently
and more wisely, by seeking to reduce, in a
business-like manner, the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, not by refusing to vote appropriations
to pay the actual and honest debts that have been
acknowledged by the Government for fifty years
past, like that due to those who suffered from
spoliations by theJ'Vench prior to 1600.
Mr. MILLSON. Why did not the Govern-
ment pay them long ago?
Mr. MOORE. 1 call the gentleman from Maine
to order. 1 ask, is it in otder for him to discuss
the French spoliation bill here?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. [ would like
to ask the gentleman ftom Virginia, how lie stands
with regard to the question of economy? and
whether lie is in favor of the policy of 1ms pai ty,
to appropriate now ^30,000,000 for the acquisi-
tion of Cuba, to bo loilowed b.y hundreds and
hundreds of millions r 1 want to know whether
he agrees with his party in sustaining the tecom-
mendation of the President to establish a protect-
orate over Mexico, which is to cost millions of
dollars?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What has that to
do with the question ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine must confine himself to the question of the
amendment. [Laughter from the Republican side
of the House.]
The question being on Mr. Moore's amend-
ment, Mr Moore withdiew it.
Mr. HASKIN. I propose to perfect the sec-
tion, by reducing the amount from $12,500, to
$6,250. I understand that is the custom now for
members of the House to receive fifty dollars a
year each for newspapers. 1 have seen enough,
in the course of the debate on this bill, to satisfy
me that an additional number of newspapers is
required. Members certainly require more intel-
ligence than they have exhibited here to-day in
debating this bill.
We have occupied the whole day, Mr. Chair- j
man, in Buncombe speeches, and have trifled |
most effectually with the time of this body and of j
those whom we represent. We have advanced
some ten lines in this bill, and at the rate at which
we have proceeded to-day, considering that there
are seven hundred and sixty-three lines more, it
will take us seventy-six days before we dispose
of this ponderous bill. Now, I do not propose to
talk here in favor of retrenchment or reform.
That hobby has already been worn. out. If I
could propose an amendment and it would be in
order, l would move toprevent lawyers speaking
on such a bill as this. Every man, I believe, who
has taken part in this debate, has been a lawyer;
and, considering what is paid to members, the
time consumed on the bill has been equal in value
to all the items proposed to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York are clearly out of order.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HASKIN. Iam not disposed to talk about
Cuba here, for that question is not before the
committee. I am desirous only to talk about mat-
ters that are legitimately before us. I would not
talk about my affection for the poor man, because
that, in my judgment, is demagogical. I would
not array the rich against the poor, nor ride hob-
by-horses 
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman, 1 suppose,
would not reflect on his own profession.
Mr. HASKIN. I insist that, if we continue
the appropriation of $15,000 for stationery, we
should also continue-the amount allowed for news-
papers to afford us intelligence. I am in favor of
newspapers, but I am in favor also of reducing
this appropriation from $12,500 to $6,250. I hope
that, after we shall have disposed of this item, we
will push on the column and get nd of this bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Haskiks's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
* The question recurred oil the amendment of
Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. FLORENCE culled for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan
and Moore were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 67, noes 67.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I yesterday moved
to increase the appropriation in the contingent
fund of the Senate, to provide for the additional
Capitol policemcn appointed by the Vice Presi-
dent and Speaker of the House. I now move to
amend, in lines one hundred and three and one
hundred and four, making an appropriation for
the Capitol police, under the House contingent
fund, by increasing the appropriation from §5,890
to $8,420, that being the sum necessary to meet
the additional expenses incurred by the appoint-
ment of those policemen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VANCE. I desire to offer, as an amend-
ment, to strike out the hundred and twelfth line:
'* For tui ee!!:uieous items .*-'10 OU0.
1 make the motion for the reason that I am
opposed to appropriating money when I cannot
1 yeo where it ik to go to. This bill does not show
1 v, here it is to go to, and I have examined the esti-
! matey for the expenditures for the approaching
| fiscal year, and thejfdo not show where >t is to go
i to. It seonn to me that the paragraphs between
lines sixty-fuur and one hundred and eleven un-
dertake to npproptiaie a sufficient amount for all
the expenses of an incidental nature attending a
session of this House; and this line seems to come
in in the nature of a residuary clause after the
original testament has exhausted all the estate;
and I should like to know, before I vote for this
residuary clause, who is to be the residuary leg-
atee.
Now, sir, the appropriation contained in this
paragraph for the expenses under this head tor
the year to come, exceed those for the piesent
fiscal year by $10,000. I ask why is that* Why
are the estimates for this item alone ,:>10,000
more for the next fiscal year, than for the current
one? We have been told tliatin regard to the in-
crease of our general expenditures, that our en-
larged borders, our extended commeice, and our
growing importance in the world generally, made
it necessary to run up our expenses to £90,000,000
oi $100,000,000 a year. But I should like to know
what is to enlarge the borders of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress twenty-five percent, above the borders
of the present Congress? As a member of the
present Congress, I do not feel inclined to yield the
poi^t that my successor, whoever he may be, will
be twenty-five per cent, a greater man than I am
myself. I do not think that he is entitled to
$10,000 more for miscellaneous items than I am
myself; and I am in favor, therefore, of striking
out this clause. This whole bill reminds me very
much of the bills I have seen of fast young men
at fashionable hotels—for two days board, five
dollars, sundries fifty dollars. [Laughter.] It
is like a comet, a very small body, and an exceed-
ing gieat tail, flaming over half the heavens. But
this miscellaneous Hem, which 1 propose to strike
out, is not exactly like the tail of a comet, because
philosophers say that with a good telescope you
can see through the tail ofacomet. What glasses
will enable us to see through this miscellaneous
item ? [Laughter.] I should hk;e to know what
it is for, what it is intended for, and why we are
to increase it $f0,000 beyond last year ?
Mr. CRAWFORD f am not at all surprised
that the gentleman from North Carolina is desir-
ous to have this clause stricken out, for the reason
that he is totally uninformed, as he says him-
self, in reference to the expenditures which this
$40,000 is to be applied. 1 examined it myself,
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, because I was not satisfied with it, and
therefore was directed to the Clerk's office for the
purpos^of inquiring into the necessity of appro-
priating this #40,000. In tlie first place, I am told
that this increase of $10,000 is owing to the fact
that the appropriation is for a long session of
Congress, while the present fiscal year only in -
cludt'M a short session of Congress, and that that
additional amount would be required for that rea-
son. That was not satisfactory to me altogether,
and I looked at the items.
And just here I desire to state that not a dollar
of this money can be used, unless the expendi-
ture is first passed upon by the Committee of
Accounts, and that is the only reason why I shall
vote for it. If the Committee of Accounts shall
refuse to pass upon the various items presented
by the Clerk, no part of this appropriation can bo
used for tho&e items of expense. The object for
which this money is appropriated is, in the first
place, to pay for any contingency which may
arise under the orders of this House; for instance,
to nay the Sergeant-at-Arms for summoning wit-
nesses, and to pay witnesses who may appear
here in obedience to summons, to testify m regard
to any investigation which may be ordered by the
House.
In addition to that, the House frequently orders
additional work to be done, or additional laborers
to be employed: as ppges and messengers. And
during the last days of the session it is not unu-
sual that you employ an additional reading clerk,
to relieve ymn regular reading clerk. This item
is to cover the contingent expenses which have
not been provided for in the appropriations which
have already been specifically made.
In addition to that, it is to pay for the Congres-
sional Directory, which is prepared for the benefit
of members and their friends who may come to
Washington, and are desirous to ascenam the lo-
cation of members in the city.
Again, this appropriation is used for the pur-
pose of covering funeral expenses of members
who may die during the session of Congress.
And, fuithermore, it is used to pay the expense
of erecting monuments to them. Monuments are
erected to them whether they die here or at home,
or whether they die during the session of Con-
gress, or during the recess.
For such, and various other purposes, this
$40,000 is appropriated. But none of it can be
used until the account is fiist passed by a com-
mittee of this House.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was not agreed to.
The following clause being next under consid-
eration:
'•For iit!idui2 twenty-four copies of the Concessional
Globe and Appendix for each membei and Delegare of the
fn.-t se^ion ol the Tlmty Sixth Congies^, §13,939 20."
Mr. CUltRY. 1 move to strike out that clause.
This is one of a series of clauses fur paying for
reporting and publishing the debates of this
House, and I will say what I desire upon this
first clause.
I do not propose to cast any reflection upon
the Committee of Ways and Means for incorpo-
rating this provision in the bill. They have only
carried out what has been done heretofore. I de-
sire, however, to include in my remarks all the
