1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80i
clauses, for the purpose of getting at the whole
system. I want it rooted out, if possible, from
our legislative system. The expense for report-
ing has run up from $208,000 in the Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress, to $250,000 in the last Congress.
There is a constant progression to increased ex-
travagance. But the cost of the matter is but asmall
consideration, although responsible men in this
city and elsewhere stipulate to do the work just
as well at thirty per cent, discount upon the pres-
ent prices.
Since 1850, when this system was organized,
or introduced, there have been thousands of pages
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix printed;
and if the system continues, the world will noi
be able to contain the books which will be made
by members of Congress. To apply the remark
which Mr. Randolph made in relation to public
documents: " No man reads them, no man can
read them, and if any man could read them, he
could hardly be worse employed." The truth
is, that with few exceptions, they are printed that
they may be printed, and not that they may be
read. This system of reporting, sir, has wrought
an entire revolution in our legislative history.
"With it, and with your rule allowing debate upon
every question in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, you have almost de-
stroyed all proper legislative debate. Not one
member in fifty addresses the members of this
House; not one speech in fifty is intended to
elucidate the question under consideration. Es-
says upon all topics, relevant and irrelevant, per-
tinent and impertinent* are read or filed or spoken,
and published in the Globe and sent broadcast
thiough the country, free of postage. Now, Mr.
Chairman, 1 desire to know again, who reads all
these interminable daily proceedings, and what a
commentary will be presented by the report of
the pioceedings winch have taken place here to-
day! And why discriminate injuriously and
■offensively against enterprising newspaper pub-
lishers, who cull out from our interminable pro-
ceedings such matter as maybe adapted to the
wants and tastes of their different readers ? If a
speech is made in Congress, and it is worthy of
being read and published, it will be published in
newspapers and in pamphlet form. But why sad-
dle upon the country the expense of printing the
lucubrations of two hundred and fifty members
of Congi ess ? My objection, however, lies to the
whole system. It is an embargo, an effectual pre-
ventive, a prohibition upon all proper and legiti- |
mate legislative debate. We have no debate, j
scarcely, except m five-minute speeches; and we ;
need it to enlighten the House, to solv£ difficulties, j
to ferret out objections; and, sir, we need it in or- |
der that the country may be advised of the legis- j
lation which is proposed to be put upon the stat- ;
ujc-book of tiie Congress of the United States, j
On the contrary, wo have little or none of it. i
These essays are read, these harangues are writ- 1
ten or filed in yuur debating society here, and
then they lumber the columns of the Globe, and
the people of the United States have to foot the
bill and pay the expense.
I repeat what I said yesterday, that I do not
object to the manner in which the reporting is
done. It is done with remarkable fidelity and ac-
curacy; but my objection goes behind and reaches
to, and appertains to, the consequences involved
in this matter, affecting the general legislation of
ihe country, and levoiutiomzing everything like
legitimate, parliamentary debate.
I have proposed tins amendment, and desire
that it shall prevail; although I must say I have
not a reasonable expectation that, it will prevail in
this House. Is it legitimate^ however, m an ap-
propriation bill? There is no law upon our stat-
ute-book authoiizing a system of reporting.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, I rise not so
much to oppose the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama, as to dnect the attention of tne
committee to a proposition which I have drawn
up, and which is in these words:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be ap-
plied to pay for speeches or lemaik* not actually confined
to the subject immediately under discussion in the House
or in the Committee of the Whole; and no speeches or te-
rn arks, winch shall have been wntien out, and no? actually
delivered in the llou*e, shall ever be included in the Giobe
or Appendix as a part of the ptoceedmgs of the House of
Representatives.
I am opposed, sir, to the amendment of the gen*
tleman from Alabama to strike out the whole pro-
vision, for I believe that the reports made here,
if confined within proper limits, will be service-
able. I question very much whether, if you re-
fuse this appropriation, you will effect any pur-
pose whatever. 4 .
I have my view in reference to this matter, and
it is embodied in the proviso which I have read.
With all deference to gentlemen who are much
older here than I am, I say that until we can bring
the reports of this body to what actually occurs
here, no good can be accomplished. Confine the
debate to that which is immediately before the
House, or before the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, or the Committee of the
Whole House; put a stop to the rehearsing of
written essays, the tendency to write out speeches
and obtain the leave of the House to print them,
without reference to the current proceedings; do
this; abridge your debates, and you will get rid
of a great absurdity apparent upon the face of our
record. It very frequently occurs, as you, Mr.
Chairman, and the committee, well remember,
that a member occupies the floor, debates the
question pending, and another member gets the
floor after him, and obtains leave to printa speech
which makes the preceding and succeeding dis-
cussions absurd. It serves to lengthen out the
debates. I care not what the prejudices of older
members may be; but what 1 suggest must be
done, if we would wish our debates to be the exact
reflex of what actually occurs here.
Mr. CLARK D. COCHRANE. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 70, noes 56.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Baiiksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the legislative, executive, and judicial appropila-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
NAVY-YARD SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. I am directed by
the special committee on naval contracts and ex-
penditures to ask leave of the House to have the
testimony taken before it printed as it progresses.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. CORNING, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to change and regulate the tonus of
the cireuitand district courts of the United States
for the northern district of New York; which
was read a first and second lime, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CALIFORNIA MAIL CONTRACTS, ETC.
Mr. IIASKJN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution for information on matters that will
give scope for the retrenchment and reform mem-
bers of this House:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby, requested to communicate to the IIou.se ot Repre-
sentatives copies oi the dilieient eoniuicw made and en-
teicd into with bus Department, wnce the 4th Ma ch, lb57,
fo! carmns the mails upon the following routes: horn
Memphis and St Lout* to Hon Franci&eo; from Salt Lake
City, U'ah, to I'laeervilie, California; from San Fianct-co
to Olvmpia, Washington Temtoiy; from Olympia to Bel-
liugham Bay; trorn Kansas City, Mi-ssoun, to fc>toekton,
California; fiom St Joseph to Salt Lake City; fiom New
Oilcans to Imhanola; from Brashear to Galveston; fiom
New Oileans, via Tehuantepee, to San Francisco; from
San Antonio to 121 Paso, Fort Yuma, and St. Diego; and
from New Yoik, via Panama, to San Fjanci&co ; the names
of the pie-ent owness ofVaid contracts; when they expire;
the several amounts paid tlieieon; the amount-, to grow
due tncreon; the number of letters carried over each of
paid loutes since the commencement, of ^aid eontiact-.;
and the amount of postages icceived from and upon *aid
loutes, ie-pe.ctively, since the enteuna into haul eontiaets,
sevtsmJJy and revSpeetively. And also thai (he said Po.-imaj-
ter Genrral furm*«h to this II< u«c a list of the agents m d
persons in the pay of the Post Office Department, m all States
and Territoue.s of the l/mon, in whatever capacity; the
names of each ; their residence ; the nataie of the duties
they perforin ; the salary or compensation made to each :
the law under which they have been appointed; and from
wnai appiopii.iuon they are paid.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, too; because it
would take at least three months to get up an an-
swer to that resolution.
PROBABLE RECEIPTS FROM CUSTOMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in respect to the probable receipts from customs,
&c.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 ask that the
communication be read.
The communication was read rand is as follows:
.f
Treasury-Department, February 1859k
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, requesting the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
form "the House, at the earliest practicable period,"ihe
actual and probable receipts from the customs, the public
iaijda, aud other sources, lor this and th&iiext fiscal year,.;
and whether, in his opinion, said receipts will be adequate
to meet the public exigencies J would respectfully re-
port :
The receipts for the first garter of the present fiscal year,
ending the 30th September, 1858, were $25,230,879 46, as
stated m my annual lepoit to Congress of Deceaiber6r1858.
The receipts lor the remaining three quarters,; were esti-
mated at $38,500,000, ot which sum $37,000,000 were esci
mated fiom customs. It was believed that the quarter
ending December 31, 1858, would yield $10,000,000. The
present quarter, ending the 31&t March, 1859, $15^000,000;
and the next quarter, ending 30th June, 1859, $19,000,000.
Since my annual report was submitted to Congress, re-
turns have been made from nearly all the ports for the quar-
ter ending 31st December, 1858 ; and estimating for the few
ports not yet heard fiom, the total receipis for the quarter'
will be about the sum ot $9,200,000. For the presentquar-
tei, full returns have been received for the month of Janu-
ary, from the ports ofNewYoik, Boston, Philadelphia, aaad
and Baltimore. The receipts from these ports amount to
$4,370,542 86. Pariial returns have been received from
other ports, but not to a sufficient extent to justify a state-
ment of them.
In reference not only to the customs, but the public lands
and other sources of revenue, all the information which
j has been received at the Depaitment, since the date of my
| annual report, confirms the correctness of the estimates of
i piobable receipts for the present and next fiscal year, which
j 1 then submitted to Confess. I am, therefore, of opinion
| that the result will show that the actual receipts for the re-
j maimng quarters of the present yeai, and for the next fiscal
, >eai, will not vary materially from the estimates already
< submitted to Congie^s.
la support of this opinion, I submit to the consideration
of Congress a comparison of the receipts from customs-for
the same month* of the two preceding years and the present
year.
Ju 1856-57, the receipts from customs for the quarter end-
ing the 31st December, wete $14,243,414 90. In 1857-58,
the receipts hom customs for the same quarter, were
$0,237,7-23 69. In 1858-59, the receipts will probably be
$9,200,000, as I have aheady stared.
Duung the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1857, the im-
portations were very heavy, amounting in dutiable goods,
exclusive of those exported, to $294,^60,835; and the re-
ceipts fiom customs for that year, were $63,664,483 56.
In the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1858, the importa-
tions weie much reduced, amounting m dutiable goods,
exclusive of those exported, to $202,293,875; and the re-
ceipts fioiri customs were $42,046,277 86. To realize my
estimates, the linpouations of dutiable goods for the pres-
ent h-scal year, must reach the. amount of $250,000,000,
besides those evpoited; and for the next fiscal year, the
sum of $280,000,000.
Compaurig the foregoing statement of receipts, and look-
ing to a favoi able and healthy reaction in business, I should
re^ud it unsafe and unwise to calculate upon a larger im-
pollution than the present estimates contemplate.
Entertaining these opinions, I am compelled to say, that
the leceipts will not be adequate to meet the public exi-
gencies, unleab the expenditures should be leduced below
tiie amount estimated foi. I .have seen no indications that
would induce the opinion that such a result can be reason-
ably anticipated. On the contrary, should the bills which
h.ive passed either the one or other branch of Congress, be
finally passed by both, and become laws, tiie expenditures
would be very largely and peimanently increased. It is
estimated that the pension bill alone, which has passed the
House, would add several millions to the annual expenses
ot the Government, and even a largei amount for the next
fiscal year. Other bills, which have passed either the Sen-
ate or the Uou^e, would, in like marmei,swell the amount
of expenditure. These are contingencies to which the at-
tention of Congress should be directed, in considering the
probable receipts* and expenditures of (he Government.
"Hither the expenditures mu^t he reduced to the estimated
receipts, or other means ot revenue should be provided. If
the first can be effected, it is certainly tiie most desirable,
1 have already submitted to Congress, in compliance with
their icqiurements, hills for the codification of the revenue
laws, and for the jeoigamzation of the collection districts,
winch, if sanctioned and passed into laws, would greatly
faciute the operations of this Department, and reduce largely
[ the expense of collecting the revenue. .
There stands upon the statute-books, laws requiring the
building of custom houses, post offices, and court-houses,
at places where the public service does not require them at
this time. A repeal of those laws, or a postponement of
their execution to a period of greater prospenty and less
embarrassment, would lehevo the Treasury of that amount
of expenditure.
The recommendation which has been submitted to Con-
gress, of abolishing tne flanking privilege and raising post-
age to five cents, with a view of bringing the Post Office
Depaitment, as near as practicable, to its former self &us-
tairung position, thereby imposing the burden of its support
upon those who use and enjoy its benefits, will, if carried
out. very gieatlyieheve the Treasury.
These proportions for retrenchment come to Congresg,
commended not only by the public demand for refoim and
economy, but by their own intrinsic meats. They are right
in principle and policy, and when contracted with proposi-
tions for increasing the public- debt, or adding to the gen-
eral tax, will receive the cordial approval of the ©ountry.
In other departments of the Government, reductions
might also, in all probability, be madQ. I only speak of
