1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805"
was referred the petition of 33. P. Rittenhouse, a
clerk in the office of the Register of the Treasury,
praying compensation for extra services, asked
to be dischargedWom its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr, IYERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Thomas S.
Spra<*ue, praying compensation for investigating
. certain depredations on the public lands in Mich-
igan, jysked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 72) to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the petition of William Gaston Pearson, praying
indemnity for injuries to a certain mill and water
privilege, done under an act of Congress, in sup-
plying the public buildings with water, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petition and papers be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
^Ir. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
546) to regulate practice in the United States
courts, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin relative to the
route of the railroad from Fond du Lac ^o Lake
Superior, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 683) recognizing
the survey of the Grand Chcniere Island, State
of Louisiana, as approved by the surveyor gen-
eral, and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment.
SUPPLY OF WATER TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 406) to authorize the city of Wash-
ington to distribute and use the water soon to be
introduced therein from the Potomac river, and
the bill (S. No. 479) conferring certain powers on
the corporations of Washington and Georgetown,
has directed me to report those bills back, aud
also to report a bill winch is designed as a substi-
tute for them both. It is a bill (S. No. 558) to
provide for the care and preservation of the works
constructed by the United States for bringing the
Potomac water into the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, for the supply of said water for all
governmental purposes, and - for the uses and
benefit of the inhabitants of the said cities.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report accompanying it was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is an important bill. Its
importance will be acknowledged by every gen-
tleman who is acquainted witlrthe value of the
water privileges which have been introduced into
this city; and I shall ask for its consideration to-
morrow, if that day shall be set aside for District
business; or, if not, whenever my friend trom
Mississippi calls up the ra4road bill, 1 shall ask
the Senate to substitute this bill, regulating the
introduction of water, believing it to be the most
important.
REFUNDING OF MONEY.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, recommending an ap-
propriation to pay, with interest,a sum of money,
advanced by the Governor of Vancouver's Island
to the Governor of Washington Territory during
the late Indian war in that Territory, have in-
structed me to report abill,and,atthe same time,
to request the Senate to put it on its passage. It
is a very peculiar case.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 556)
providing for the reimbursement of moneys ad-
vanced by Governor Douglass, of Vancouvei's
Jsland, to Governor Stevens, of Washington Ter-
ritory, to aid m the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities in that Territory, was read twice by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Governor James Douglass, ofVancoutfer's Island,
the ?um of $7,009, with interest from the time of
the advance, being a reimbursement of an amount
advanced by him to Governor Stevens, of Wash-
ington Territory, during the late Indian hostilities
in that Territory, for moneys and supplies' for
tlieir support. ;
The bill was reported to the Senate without;
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
• Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate to take up and
pass the resolution I introduced yesterday, as-
signing to-morrow for District business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That Saturday of this week he assigned for the j ]
consideiation of business 1 elating to the District of Oolum- I;
bia. I i
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays ji
upon that proposition; and I will state why. Last !j
week, when we had a da/set aside for the Dis- j;
trict business, we disposed of every District bill
except one, in about thirty minutes, and then :
consumed the entire residue of the day on one bill. !
Now, I think, with the press of other business ,
upon us of an important character, we had better !.
let the District business that remains take its
chance with other public business.
I shall vote very chcerfully with the Senator to
take up District business at any time when there
is an opportunity to do so, and give it a fair con-
sideration; but to set aside an entire day of this
week, or any other week, for that purpose, seems
to me an appropriation of the remaining time of
the session which is certainly not necessary. I
ask for the yeas and nays on this proposition. j
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to discuss the ;
question, because I desire to have the resolution j.
passed. It will be recollected by the Senate that
the Committee on the Distiiet of Columbia were <
not at all to blame for the consumption of last |:
Saturday in the discussion of one proposition.
We should have been very glad if it had passed j;
without any discussion; but the very fact that the i
day was wasted m that unprofitable manner, is, ; 
to my mind, an argument why we should give |;
another day to the business of the District. The !'
railroad bill is not the only important one to be j
considered. The bill just reported by the Senator
from Indiana is absolutely essential for the pro- j!
tection of the Government property. As to calling <;
these things up out of their order, and getting j1
them considered, it can never be done. Unless >,
we get a day assigned for the consideration of I
District business, we cannot get these bills up. I
hope the resolution will pass. :!
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the resolution will not j,
pass. We have given one day to the District, i;
and if we should give another it would be con- i:
sumed m the same way by the railroad bill. We
have reported an appropriation bill, and I think i,
wc ought to take it up to-morrow, and act upon .j
it. For one, I am unwilling to give another day \
to District business, and I hope the Senate will !
not do it.
Mr. MASON. I must say one word on the :
part of this District. It is placed under the juris- j;
diction of Congress. It contains some forty or it
fifty thousand people unrepresented, and the Con- I;
stitution expected of Congress that it would give i l
some portion of the public time to the interests of ; j
the District. There has been but one day given j'
to it during this session. 1 have no particular j
interest m any subject relating to them, but the j,
District stands in that relation to Congress as to j1
be entitled to especial civility and couuesy. j-
Mr. POLK. I wish to call the attention of the !
Senate to the fact that the time has arrived for the -
consideration of the special order set for half-past
twelve o'clock. It is now five minutes past the i
time. It is the House bill on the subject of the
two per cent, fund of the State of Missouri.
Mr. BROWN. Let us vote on this resolution. !
I have no objection to the yeas and nays; though ji
I hardly think it is worth while to waste that i'
much time. \i
Mr. STUART. Mr. President-   ji
Mr. POLK. If this subject is going to lead to .!
debate, I must insist on calling up the special ;
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order. !j
It is, that Senators on the other side of the House, ;;
when they debate a question, shall speak loud |j
enough, so that we may know what tliQ question ;>
• is under discussion. It is impossible for us^fch
S this side, to hear anything that is said. c,
| Mr. POLK. I feet it my duty to 2nras,tHpht^t&
, spccial order for half past'twelve o'clock! t ilo.w
j see that this question will lead to striae
i sion. • ' *' : * *. v. .
I Mr. BROWN. We were just about to tak"e(
I the vote. k 1 . . ,
! Mr. STtTART, It will lead to some discus- -
! sion. • , .
] Mr. BROWN". If the special order is jup, J
, move to postpone its consideration, with a"view
i of disposing of this resolution. I dp not wish to
| see the Districtof Columbia overslaughed in this
What do you move to -post-
The special order, whatever
way.
Mr. GREEN.
pone ?
Mr. BROWN.
it is.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say on- tha
subject, as I was going to say on the other, that
I agree with what was said by the Senator .from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that this District,'which -
is not represented here, is entitled to have a lib-
eral share of the time of Congress in the passage
of its business; but we are hot advised of any
business that will consume a day,or a quarter of
a day; and I stated, as a fact, that when we set
aside last Saturday every bill presented by the
chairman of that committee, except one, was dis-
posed of in about half an hour; and then a sub-
ject was introduced which excited a greal deal of
debate, and consumed the day to a late hour, and
was not even then disposed of. Now, if we assent
to another day, it will pass undoubtedly just as
unnecessarily as that day. So far as the bill in-
troduced by the Senator from Indiana is con-
cerned, it can be disposed of m a very shorttime
to-morrow, or any other day; and so of any other
bill. If we postpone the order which has been
made for half past twelve o'clock to-day, in
which the State of Missouri is interested, and
postpone other business of vastly more import-
ance, for the purpose of having another day con-
sumed here by District business, it seems to me
that it is not proper.
Mr. BROWN. Let us vote on the passage of
thft resolution. If it is lost, there is the end of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator withdraw the
motion to postpone the special order?
Mr. BROWN. Yes; if we can have a vote im-
med lately.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri withdraw the call for the
special order?-*
Mr. POLK. If the vote can be taken at once,
I will withdraw the call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the resolution.
- Mr. STUART. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 42, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bigler, Bright, Broderick, Brown,
Cameron, ('handler, Chesimt, Clark.Clay, Clmeman, Urit-
tendun, Dixon, DooJittie. Dutkee, Fe^endea, Filch, Fitz-
patnok, Foot. Green. Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, 3ver-
son, Jonerf, Kennedy, King, Mason, Polk, ttice, Sebastian,
Sevvaid. Shields, Simmon*,Thompson ot Kentucky,Thom-
son ot New Jersey, Wade, Ward, Wilson, Wright, and
Yulee—A-l.
NAYS—M^sr*. Allen, DavW, Gnnn. Hunter, Johnson
of Tennessee, MaUory, Pugli, lieid, Shdell, Stuart, aud
Toomb-j—11.
So the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 50) to
correct a clerical error in an u Act for the relief of
Isaac Body and Samuel Fleming;'5 in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WARD gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Elizabeth S. Cox, relict of the late Major Ii. Cox.
MISSOURI TWO PES CENT. FUND.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On the 18th of last
month a tatter was addiessed m the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
Is the Senator from Kentucky aware that the
hour for the consideration of the special order has
arrived ?
