184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
REVENUE AND EXPENDITURES.
SPEECH OF HON. R. TOOMBS,
of georgia,
In the Senate, February 9, 1859.
[revised by h1msei.f.*]
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution offered by Mr Bigler,of Pennsylvania:
Resolved, As the opinion of the Senate, that the creation
Of a large public debt m time of peace is inconsistent with
the true policy of the United Stares; and as the present
revenuesare insufficient to meetthe unavoidable expenses
of the Government, Congress should proceed, without de-
lay, to so readjust the revenue laws as not only to moot the
deficit in the current expenses, but to pay off the present
debt so far as it may be liable to immediate cancellation.
Mr. TOOMBS said:
Mr. President : The resolution just road at your
table seemingly asserts a truism, but it does not.
It uses convenient generalities to conceal, not to
express, a political truth. Large and small are
relative teims; $100,000 is a large sum when ap-
plied to the obligations of ordinary men; it is a
very small one when applied to those of this
Government. An individual is not considered
largely in debt when his contracts are below two-
thirds of his annual income. The debt created
during the last year for the support of Govern-
ment does not exceed that proportion of our in-
come. If the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bigler] means only to say that the ordinary
expenses of Government should be supplied by
its ordinary revenue, the proportion receives my
assent; but the converse of the proposition is
equally true, that extraordinary expenses, or even
ordinary expenses, which, from transient causes,
cannot be conveniently met by the ordinary iov-
enue, fall without the rule. It is not wise to
change a revenue system to meet casual or tempo-
rary deficiencies in the Treasury. This position
is not only true, but of great public importance
"when the public revenue rests on taxes, on con-
sumption. Our taxes are mainly levied by duties
on commodities imported from abroad, which are
imposed according to their value at the place from
whence they are imported. Therefore, every-
thing; that affects the price of the taxed commod-
ities in the countries from whence we draw them,
and whatever affects the amount of consumption
by our own people, necessarily increases or di-
minishes our revenue. Therefore, if we adhered
strictly tu the rule that annual expend itin e rdiould
be met by annual taxes in all cases, we might have
to remocfel ourtnrifFas often as we pass appropri-
ation bills. This rule would he especially obnox-
ious to the protectionists who all clamor against
changes, and demand permanency in tariffs.
The second branch of the resolution under con-
sideration, contains the gist of (he whole contio-
versy, which it was the duty of the Senator to
establish, before he could, rightfully, on his own
principles, call upon the Legislature to impose
new hardens on the people, fte lia.s wisely omit-
ted the attempt, and was content to assume that
it was s^lf-evident and incontrovertible. £ To as-
sumes u that the present revenues are insufficient
to meet the unavoidable expenses of the Govern-
ment;" and that, therefore, "Congress should
proceed without delay, to so adjust" the revenue
laws as not only to meet the deficit m the current
expenses, but to pay off the present debt so fui
as it may be liable to immediate cancellation." I
deny both his premises and conclusions. The
Senator does not say that the present revenues
are insufficient to meet the necessary or proper or
economical expenses of the Government, but that
they will not meet the unavoidable expenses. I
waive any verbal criticism on the term " una-
voidable," and assume that he means necessary
and proper expenses of the Government; and pro-
ceed to show that the present tariff is adequate,
"with the other sources of public revenue, to meet
all just, necessary, or proper public expenditures,
and is fully adequate to the extinguishment of the
existing public debt, as soon as the public inter-
est or convenience require its payment.
The Executive Government asks, for the ser-
vice of the next fiscal year, §73,000,000. I con-
sider such an expenditure neither wise, necessary,
proper, or " unavoidable;" but if it should be so
Fur the ougtrml report, see Cong. Globe, page 896.
held by the Senate, I shall show that the income
of the Government will meet it, if properly hus-
banded and applied to the public service, without
a further i?icrease of the public debt.
The objects of public expenditure are plainly
set forth in the Constitution. I will supply all
the necessary and proper means for securing these
objects; these are safe landmarks, and within
them I would liberally promote the utmost effi-
ciency of every branch of the public service. We
are not driven to economy from necessity; but
we should practice it on principle. It will pre-
serve the purity of the Government, which is
certainly equal in importance to the money of the
people.
On these principles is the expenditure of
$73,000,000 during the next fiscal year necessary
and proper for the public service? I think not.
Let us test it first by the experience of the pas.'.,
and then subject it to the scrutiny of the lights of
the present. According to the financial report of
Mr. Guthrie for the years 1855-56, page 1:2, u the
average expenditures of the (then") last five years,
excluding the public debt and the $10,000,000
paid under the treaty with Mexico, but little ex-
ceeded $48,000,000;" and from this data he recom-
mends the reduction of the duties on imports to
$50,000,000 per annum. It further appears from
the same report, that the average of the duties on
imports for these five years (leavingout fractions)
was but $55,000,000; yet on that revenue from
customs $45,000,000 of the public debt were paid
m less than three years. (See Guthrie's report,
paires 7 and 8.) And besides these payments,
and very extravagant appropriations for the next
years J857-58, there was a balance in the Trens-
uiy of about $17,000,000 on the 30th June, 1857.
Thus it appears, that, with an average annual in-
come from eustomsofless than the estimates fiom
the same source for the next year, ($56,000,000,)
for six years preceding the monetary convulsion
of 1857-58, the Government not only supported
HsMf under an expenditure up to that time wholly
unknown in our annals in time of peace, but dis-
charged above $45,000,000 of the public debt,
and brought a surplus into that year of over
@17,000,000.
Now, sir, whaf is there in the prescntcondition
of the country that requires a larger expenditure
than these five years? They were not years of
economy. The expenses during these six years
weie many mdhons beyond any that went before
them, except during a foreign war. We are fre-
quently told that the country has expanded, the
population has increased, that money has dimin-
ished in value. The first answer is untrue in fact,
and the b«t two wholly inadequate and unsatis-
factory oxcusrs for this prolligatc expenditure.
We have not obtained an acre of territory since
the treaty of II ulalgo Gaudalupe, in 1813, except
a small slip, eallod Auzona, which was paid for
under tlm last Administration. Then we have no
more country, no more Indians, than we had five
years ago; besides these acquisitions, are more
easily defended from the fact that our population
has rapidly increased m California, Washington,
and Oregon, on the Pacific coast, making their de-
fense less expensive, and emigration has pressed
onward towards the Rocky Mountains on this
side, increasing in power and strength, and less-
ening the transportation of the necessary supplies
of our troops.
The excuse of increaseof population is equally
untenable. This brings strength and not weak-
ness. We have no troops now, or if any, very
lew on this side of the Mississippi; and there the
gieat increase of population has occurred. But
this increase of population, if allowed to be u just
element in the increase of expenses, is but about
thiee per cent, per annum, and, therefoic, would
amount to but eighteen per cent, in the last six
years. An amount far below the proposed in-
crease of expenses. And, besides, increased pop-
ulation brings increased production and increased
consumption, and, therefore, increased revenues
under the same tariff. The argument of the in-
creased value of money is a still more barren pre-
text. By what rule do these apologists forprof-
| hgate public expenditures estimate the increase
I of the \fdue of money within the last six years?
I My* u measure it by the price of abushel of wheat,
I the most approved standard among political econ-
omists, it will show a decline rather than a rise
in value. The price of a bushel of wheat being
now much below the average of the last six years.
Do they measure it by the value of a day's labor
even paid in money? The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and those who act with him, represent
labor as distressingly low, and call for protection
for our labor against that of other countries.
These two arguments cannot stand together. It
is not the duty, neither is it in the power of Con-
gress, to regulate the wages of labor, except as to
those who are employed in the public service;
and the true basis for the payment of that labor
is, to pay these employes the same wages which
rule in the labor market of the country for the
same service and qualifications. The departure
from this salutary rule has been the main cause
of the great extravagance in the Government, the
extraordinary remuneration for every species of
public service having produced an alarming pres-
sure for governmental employment. None of
these reasons can stand the test of an examin-
ation.
In 1857, Congress, seeing that large exactions
were made from the pockets of the people, more
than were necessary for the wants ofthe Govern-
ment, passed the present tariff law, witli the
avowed intention to reduce the revenue from cus-
toms to $50,000,000. The then Executive Gov-
ernment recommended the reduction to that ex-
tent, and the present tariff was enacted by a more
general assent of all interests and all sections and
parties, in this country, than any such act has
received for more than forty years. The House
of Representatives was largely m Opposition, and
passed it by a vote of nearly two thuds; the Sen-
ate were largely Administration, and the measure
received every vote in this body, 1 think, but
eight. It owned no party, no sectional feeling—
the Senators from Massachusetts and Carolina,
long separated on revenue questions, united on it.
Itwns not expected, until increased production
increased our exports, to bringabove $50,000,000.
The Sermte passed it with this understanding.
The Hoi ise passed it with this understanding.
The country accepted it with that understanding.
The Executive Government informed us that
000,000 from customs was all sufficient for
the legitimate wants of the Government. What
new necessity for enlarged expenses has the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania presented us? None.
Our powers are the same; ourduties are the same;
we have profound peace; even Indian and Mor-
mon wars, wars so fatal to the Treasury, and to
the Treasury only, have ceased. The Senator
from Pennsylvania, in his elaborate speech of
one hour and a half, failed to bring to our atten-
tion a single reason or suggestion why the ex-
penses of I860 could exceed the average of the
hist five years piccedtng 1855-56. He assumed
that we could not escape;he neither invented nor
discovered a single reason for it but one. That
one was, thai additional taxes were necessary to
the State of Pennsylvania. He represented her
industry as prostrate, and demanding relief. He
demands, in her behalf, increased taxation to re-
vive her industrial prostration.
The statement of the case shows that there is
more in it than meets the eye. He knows that
iuctcjyed duties on imports taxes somebody; he
believes that it does not tax Pennsylvania; or, if
it docs, that she will receive incidental advant-
ages from this taxation, more than commensurate
with her part of the burden. The revenue of the
first year of the present tariff did not equal the
expectations of its friends. It fell short abovu
$8,000,000. The reasons were very apparent.
An extraordinary monetary revulsion reduced
your imports above $78,000,000. I shall not now
stop to inquire into the causes of revulsion. We
simply, in this connection, have u?>e for it as a
tact. The tanil of 1857 did not produce or aggra-
vate it in any degree. The causes, whatever they
may have been, lay behind that act. For the
present year, the Secretary of the Treasury esti-
mates our receipts from customs at $50,000,000.
We have passed through more than seven months
of the fiscal year, and, thus tar, his calculations
are more than verified. He estimates the receipts
for the next year at $56,000,000; $6,000,000 more
than we supposed this tariff would bring when
we enacted it, Ad I am called upon to supply
