806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. CRITTENDEN Ithasnot,by theclock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Half past
twelve o'clock was assigned.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall not occupy five
minutes.
Mr. POLK. I would like to say to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, that there is a special order
for half past twelve o'clock", and then at one
o'clock there is another special order. Unless the
special orderfor half past twelve o'clock shall be
takehup, it will be displaced entirely, and another
rial order for half an hour later will take its
e.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This business will-not
occupy ten minutes, I am sure.
Mr. POLK. If those ten minutes be taken we
shall only have five minutes for this special order.
I must insist on the special order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very unfortunate.
I have been here several mornings waiting to
present this matter to the Senate, and I have been
delayed morning after morning. I hope that on
this morning I may be permitted to offer a joint
resolution; which I desire to have referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POLK. I must insist on the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the bill (H. R. No. 303) giving the as-
sent of Congress to a law of the Missouri Legis-
lature for the application of the reserved two per
cent, land fund of said State, which is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to give the assent of Con-
gress to the act of the Legislature of the State of
Missouri, entitled " An act supplemental to an
act to amend 4 An act to secure the completion
of certain railroads in this State, and for other
purposes,5 " approved on the 19th of November,
1857, appropriating the two per centum of the net
proceeds of sales of public lands in that State,
reserved by existing laws to be expended under
the direction of Congress, but hereby relinquished
to that State; and to require the proper account-
ing officers to audit and pay the accounts for the
same, as in the case of the three per centum land
fund of that State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, shall the bill pass ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I have no
amendments to propose to the bill, hut I desire to
call the attention of the Senate for a few minutes
to it. I had intended at one period to devote some
time, and, perhaps, call the attention of this body
at some length, to this bill; but I did not know
that it had been made the special order for to-day
at this time, as I was not prisent, on account of
indisposition, last Friday, when I suppose it wus
up. I, however, do not desire to delay the sub-
ject, and I do not wish to take very much time
on it now, but to call the attention of Senators to
the nature of the bill, and to some of the discus-
sion which has heretofore taken place in relation
to it.
Early in the settlement of this country, in the
opening of the public lands in the West for sale,
it was regarded as of very great importance that
there should be a road made from the settlements
of the Atlantic States into the interior, the far-off
West, in order to open up the course of emigra-
tion; and, therefore, when the State of Ohio was
admitted, and in the commencement of our land
system, a reservation was *nade of three per cent,
of the avails of the sales of the public lands, to be
at the disposition of the State, and two per cent,
was reserved, to be used under the direction of
Congress for the making of roads. The three per
cent., at the direction of the State Legislatures,
was to be used for the making of roads within
the State itself, and the two per cent, was reserved
for the purpose of making a road to those States
as the settlements opened, and as the land was
sold. Under that reservation the Cumberland
road was commenced, and Congress proceeded
to redeem their pledge with the two per cent, fund
which was reserved, as far. at least, as the money
would enable them to go, m making the road. I
have not very recently been over these particulars,
and I will not be exact as to the precise order of
the facts; but the result was, Congress entered
on the expenditure of this money, reserved as a
two per cent, fund in the hand of the General
Government, in the making of the Cumberland
road.
This reservation was not peculiar to the State
of Ohio, but it went on from State to State, west,
: the same reservation being made in each case.
The Cumberland road made some progress from
time to time, and was made by the expenditure
of money which came from the sale of lands, not
merely in the State of Ohio, but in Indiana and
Illinois; and when we passed the Mississippi, the
reservation was made in the same way and in the
same terms in the case of Missouri. It was to
make a road i( to the State;*' it was reserved in
each case to be used in making a road " to the
State." That was the case with Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois; and when we came to Missouri, for
whom this call is now made, tire reservation was
on the same terms, essentially—a two per cent,
fund reserved to be used, under the direction of
Congress, for making a road to that State,
Ir. going on with thi^ agreement and carrying
out this assurance and expending the moneys thus
reserved, Congress frequently made appropria-
ations largely in advance of the receipts. They
went on making the road and made appropriations
from time to time, out of the Treasury, for the
making of the road, providing in the acts grant-
ing the appropriations, that the sum should be
repaid to the Treasury out of the two per cent,
funds, as lands should be sold and the two per
cent, be realized. I will not undertake to speak
in precise terms, but I am quite modeiate in say-
ing that a million of dollars, a iarge sum—certainly
more than half a million, and 1 think a million—
have been expended on the Cumberland road.
Mr. GREEN. Six million seven hundred and
seventy-seven thousand dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am speaking of the
amount expended beyond what we got from the
two per cent, funds, probably a million dollars.
There has been expended, as the Senator from
Missouri, no doubt rightly informs me, between
•six and seven million dollars by the Government
on the Cumberland road, altogether. It was first
made to Ohio. It was (hen made through Ohio,
through Indiana, and a part of the way through
Illinois. It was macadamized a good deal of the
way, but not all of it. Some of it was never com-
pleted. It was never macadamized I believe, any
further than Vincennes. Rut the leading road was
made most of the way to Missouri, though never
completely and entirely to it. Six or seven million
dollars was expended by the United States on this
road, Congress each time they made appropria-
tions providing that the money should be replaced
in the Treasury from the two per cent, fundsof the
lands sold from time to time, under the reserva-
tion which had been made in the State grants.
I say fnrthci, Mr. President, that the amount
expended by the General Government on this
roud from time to time, has exceeded the amount
of the two percent, we have received from pub-
lic lands by, I think I may safely say, much more
than a million dollars, which has never been re-
placed at all. The Government has continued
selling lands since it stopped working the road, but
has never received from the two per cent, on those
lands anything like an amount sufficient to replace
what they had already laid out.
In the progress of time, the navigation of the
Ohio and Mississippi in a great measure diverted
the travel from this road; it ceased to have any
great value; it ceased to be the only road of in-
ter-communication between the Atlantic and the
West, and exertion was remitted upon it. Con-
gress, despairing of ever replacing from the two
per cent, the money which they were laying out,
finally abandoned the finishing of it to Missouri.
The present bill is to pay from our Treasury to
the State of Missouri, the two per cent, which was
reserved upon oil that we have realized from the
sales of land in Mibsouri. How much that would
amount to I am not exactly able to say; but my
impression is that, when tins matter was last un-
der discussion m the Senate, it amounted to some
forty thousand dollars. I would ask the gentle-
men from th:if State, how much they suppose the
am-mnr to be now?
Mr. GREEN. I have not obtained an esti-
mate.
Mr. COLLAMER. About how much?
Mr. GREEN. 1 think two hundred and
twenty or two hundred and thirty thousand dol-
lars, m all.
Mr. COLLAMER. You cl§im the whole?
Mr. GREEN. I suppose so.
Mr. POLK. I think it is more.
Mr. COLLAMER. How mugh does the Sen-
ator consider the amount to be^
Mr. POLK. 1 think 1 have a statement of it,
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose there may be
an estimate from the Department of how much
has been received from these lands.
Mr. POLK. I think the amount claimed by
the State is somewhere about two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. The State of Missouri
now claims that there shall be paid from the
Treasury to her the amount of about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, being two per
cent, on what wc have realized from all the lands
we have sold in that State since her admission
into the Union. I did not know the precise
amount of it, nor any very near approximation;
because, when the subject was under discussion
last in the Senate, in 1S50—I was not then a
member of the body—the sum was very consid-
erably less than that. The precise ground on
which this money is claimed, the Senators from
that State will probably fully present. I under-
stand it to be what I have stated.
Now, in the first place, I understand that,«in
making the Cumberland road, as it took its name
finally to be, all the reservations from all these
States were just as much interested in making one
part of the road as another; that is to say, when that
reservation was made in relation to Illinois or In-
diana or Missouri it was as important to them that
the reservation should be applied to making the
road from Cumberland all the way through, as that
it should be applied to any one part of the road
nearest to them. The road had not merely its value
li'om being mnde at the end of the road next to
that State. The object was, to make the load all
the way through from Cumberland; and hence, it
was of as much interest to the State of Indiana to
have the two per cent, of the money realized from
her lands laid out in making the road in Ohio un-
til it reached Indiana, a§ to have it used in Indiana
aione; and so after it reached the State of Indi-
ana it became important to Illinois to continue it
through Indiana; and so as to Missouri. The
provision that the money should be laid out in
making a road to the State, did not merely mean
making that end of it which touched the State; it
meant making the whole road which led to the
State from the Atlantic region of the Union. All
the money has been laid out, and a great deal
more, millions more, in the making of the road,
or attempting to make it all the way through,
though it has not been entirely completed through.
Now, Mr. President, it is not asked that Con-
gress shall execute thepurpose for which the res-
ervation of the two per cent, was made, by com-
pleting the road. The most that can be asked of
Congress on this subject, is, that they shall com-
plete that road as far as the two per cent, will make
it. That we have done and a great deal more.
But it is insisted that we should not take the two
per cent, out of the lands sold in the State of Mis-
souii, unless to make that part of the road which
goes directly to the State; that is, at least to the
Mississippi river, for I do not know that it has
ever been asked to make it across the river. It is
now asked that we shall give up the two per cent,
of all we have laid out of the money coming from
the State of Missouri, to enable the State to use
it for roads withm the State. The three percent,
they have had, I suppose, and disposed of in their
own way. The two per cent, arc now wanted,
notwithstanding we have fully expended the whole
of them. They are not asked for for the purpose
of completing that road for which the reservation
was made; but Missouri asks us to pay her the
whole of the two per cent., that she may use it
at her own discretion and in her own way, by
hej own Legislature, within the State itself.
1 have drawn the attention of the Senate to the
nature of the case. I can merely say that this case
underwent full investigation m 1850, in this body.
At (hat time, there were living and representing
these interests here, on one side, Mr. Benton,
then Senator from the State; and on the other,*
Mr. Clay, who had been long acquainted with the
whole progiess of this business. It underwent at
that time very full discussion, and if any Senators
who are not acquainted with it, have any desire
fully to understand the subject, they can do so by
