1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
deficiencies of Government, I shall assume the es-
timates of receipts to be correct. Why, then,
shall we retrace our steps in relation to income ?
it is admitted that we shall get more than we ex-
pected, under the present act. It can be for no
other reason than that we are prepared to part
with our constitutional control over expenditures,
and turn that branch of the public service over to
the Executive Departments. I am cot prepared
for this surrender of my constitutional duties. I
will surrender them to none but those who con-
ferred them upon me. X believe now, as I did
when I voted for the act of 1857, that $50,000,000
are more than sufficient to meet the just and
proper wants of theGovernmentin time of peace,
and I intend to stand by it to the end.
The expenditures for the next fiscal year, end-
ing the 30th day of June, 18G0, are estimated at
$75,139,147 46; the receipts at $09,063,298 57;
leaving a balance of $4,075,848 89, exclusive of
a deficiency in the Post Office Department, for
this year, of $3,838,728. But, of these expenses,
estimated for the service of the next fiscal year,
the Post Office Department, besides this sum,
have been allowed the sum of $6,382,900; and,
including this sum, we are called to charge the
revenue of the next fiscal year with $10,221,628
for the deficiency of our postal service. 1 do not
intend to vote for it. I wish to bring the Post
Office Department back to its simple and useful
business of carrying letter? and newspapers, in-
stead Of carrying "progress and civilization."
The settled policy of the Government for above
fifty years, was to make the Post Office Depart-
ment support itself. I will not sustain so mon-
strous an abuse of the principles of true policy
and just government as are practiced m our postal
system. I wash my hands of the whole of it;
and before 1 get through 1 shall have occasion to
comment on the postal statistics presented by the
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, and to show the value
of figures gotten up not to vindicate truth, but to
sustain a point. $or the last year, the Post Of-
fice Department has absorbed nearly one fourth
of the net revenues from customs, and, at the
same rate of increase, will absorb the other three
fourths within the next ten years. I do not think
this expense " unavoidable."
The Secretary of the Treasury estimates that
there will be a deficiency in the next year, in-
cluding the Post Office deficiency, of more than
seven million dollars. But, in order to attain that
result, he assumes that there will be an outstand-
ing unexpected balance of appropriation on the
30th of June, 1860. I do not concur with him m
this opinion. 1 think it erroneous I find, upon
examination of the outstanding appiopnations
for each year, from 1791 to 1856, inclusive, that
there has been such a balance every year, as
large as $1,784,000, m 1791, and averaging above
$25,000,000 per annum for the five yeais ending
with 1856. The Secietary gives us no reasons
for believing that this uniform result for more than
seventy years will not happen in 1860. Indeed,
it is next to an impossibility that it should not
happen. Continuing appropriations are not car-
ried to the surplus fund; and, therefore, may re-
main outstanding for an indefinite period. There
are a great variety of such m all of the appropria-
tion acts; and one may safely calculate upon such
outstanding balances equal to the present esti-
mated deficiency. We have now large outstand-
ing appropriations for custom-houses, post offices,
foitifications, unascertained claims, and various
other similar items, which cannot be expended
during the next fiscal year without an activity of
expenditure inconsistent with the present state of
our finances. These balances may be greater or
less, at the pleasure of the Government.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to be commenting on the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, or the report of the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am commenting on the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and endeavor-
ing to show, by farts and figures, that upon his
own basis the deficiency which he estimates for
1860 will not exist. I am seeking for the truth,
and endeavoring to extract it from the facts before
me. But 1 am seeking to assail nobody; and I
can tell the Senator from Rhode Island that I
have a very high regard for the ability and integ-
rity of the gentleman who presides over the
Treasury Department.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 had not an opportunity of
reading the speech of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, but I wanted to know where I could find
the figures.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can show the Senator where
he will find the figures I refer to. I read them
from a document printed last year, containing a
statement of the receipts and expenditures of the
United States from March 4, 1789, to June 30,
1857, ordered to be printed on the 5th February,
1858. The tables are from the office of the pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury, and I have no
doubt are accurate.
There is another source of public revenue alto-
gether adequate to meet the estimated deficiency,
even if it should occur, and for the management
of which, I think, the-country has just cause of
complaint against whoever may be responsible
for it. 1 mean the public lands. For the last five
years we must have paid more than {3,000,000 in
the necessary expenses of bringing the public
lands in the markets. I find the expense for the
last two years exceeds $500,000 per annum. We
have above sixty million acres which have been
surveyed and never offered for sale. Some of
them have been open for settlement six or eight
years, yet have never been offered for public sale.
The best, of them, of course, are daily covered by
preemptions, town sites, mill sites, and all loca-
tions having extraordinary value are constantly
seized upon by speculators by menus of sham
settlers. And yet the Government, while it uigcs
the increase of the public taxes, refuses to avail
itself of this legitimate and proper source of pub-
lic revenue. The receipts for the present fiscal
year but little exceed $3,000,000. It might have
been readily earned to double that sum by simply
offering the lands at public sale, and thereby com-
pelling these persons to pay the Government
what is justly due it. Some of these lands having
been open to settlement for the last ten years, the
policy of the Government has operated as a ten
years' credit on preemptions. Tnis policy is not
warranted by law, and is opposed to the settled
policy of the Government for the last thirty years.
We had to abandon the system of direct credits
on the sales of public lands more than thirty
years ago. This indirect credit is liable to even
greater objections, has not been sanctioned by
Congress, and daily adds new embarrassments to
the proper administration of this public property.
Mr. SHIELDS. I presume the honorable Sen-
ator, in saying there had been no sales made m
the new States, means public sales,general sales.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is true. The people of
those States are opposed to those public and gen-
eral sales, because they put the lands into the
hands of speculators and non-residents; but there
have been sales going on yearly there, what we
call private sales, preemption sales; and those
sales have not brought much money into the
Treasury, and never will. The reason is, that
the land warrants which have been issued by
Congress supply the place of the money, come
in as substitutes for it,and even public sales will
bring no money into the Treasury as long as the
land warrants exist.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a very great mistake,
and I need simply refer to the facts to show it.
Before the last two years we got from $5,000,000
to $10,000,000 from the public lands, and had ten
times as many land warrants as now. The facts
are against the Senator. We commenced this
bad system, in my judgment, of throwing away
the public lands in 1849; warrants were issued to
the amount of seventy or eighty million acres,
and all of them have been absorbed but ten mil-
lion; and yet, during that time, the revenue from
lands went as h;gh as ^10,000,000 or $12,000,000
some yeais.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to sav a word?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to interrupt
his remaiks, but 1 merely want to defend the De-
partment. 1 know the honorable Senator does
not mc-an to make on attack on the Department,
and J am delighted to see thathe is exposing these
things independent of individual men. I am glad
to find one Senator bold enough to rise here and
put aside favoritism. But, sir, on this single
point 1 now venture this prediction, that if the
Secretary of the Interior and the President bring
all the public lands of the United States into
market and sell them to speculators, they would
not bring $200,000 into the Treasury for two
years.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think tlie honorable Senator
is very greatly mistaken. That is not the idea of
the Government, because in the estimates of I860,
with all the land warrants out, they estimate
$5,000,000 as the land receipts. We have seen
the operation of these land warrants for ten years.
The reason why the lands have been kept back
is this: when public lands are offered for sale, the
preemptioner must pay; until you offer them for
sale, he may live on them for twenty-five years,
and never have to pay. That is what the post-
ponement means, and. nothing else. You might
settle every quarter section in Iowa or Minnesota
or Wisconsin, and until the Government offered
it for sale, and thereby compelled the preemp-
tioner to pay up, it would never bring a dollar
into the Treasury, unless the settlement was on
lands open to private entry, at $1 25 an acre. AH
the money, or nearly all, we got from the public
lands last year was from those lands which were
subject to entry at $1 25; but, as 1 said before,
we have sixty or eighty million of the best land
that have been surveyed and not brought into
market. It is true, the more settlers, the less they
bring, because they take the advantageous posi-
tions. They will take the town sites, they will
take mill sites; they will take river fronts; but at
public sale there will be competition. Many years
ago some lands at public sale m Alabama brought
from sixty to seventy dollars per acre at public
sale; some brought, in 1836, m Mississippi, from
twenty to thirty dollars an acre. As to this cry
about speculators it means but little; the public
lands must be thrown open to public competition,
and all can buy who choose.
The obicction in the new States is not to spec-
ulation; the man who settles and puts his cabin
on a quarter section, and pays his $1 25 an acre,
will sell it to you for $10. He likes that sort of
speculation. I think the most desirable thing is
to sell as much land as you can to actual settlers;
but it is the duty of the Government, when they
have charged the public Treasury with the ex-
pense of surveying sixty or eighty million acres
of land, and we need the money, to sell the land
and get revenue from that source. It is not done.
We ought to sell at least the public lands which
we have ready for sale, before going to the pock-
ets of the people for additional taxes. The pub-
he lands were given to you by the States for the
purpose of being sold in order to lessen taxation;
and as long as they belong to this Government,
the legitimate purpose, the absolute condition of
the grant, is, that they shall go into the public
Treasury to the relief of all the States, thegrant-
ors included. That is the very language of many
of the grants of the different States, my own
among the rest.
I know the Senator from Pennsylvania, some-
how or other, threw out the idea that there was
some sort of advantage that somebody got—prob-
ably the South—from the public lancls, and that
Pennsylvania, some way or other, was deprived
of her part. There is nothing in that idea at all.
So far as Georgia is concerncd, we ceded Alabama
and Mississippi, and they have brought nearly
$50,000,000 into the Treasury. I do not consider
that she did anything wrong: in making the grant,
nor do I regret it. J think it was but justice to
her confederates, and I approved her policy. I
always thought the principle Maryland main-
tained was right, and that the wild and vacant
and unappropriated lands, which were won by
t the valor of the whole country, from its common
| sovereign, ought to inure to the general benefit;
! and, therefore, I always approved the Georgia
j grant, and approved the grant of Virginia. It
j ought to have been a common fund, for the pur-
! pO'-e of meeting the burdens of a common strug-
j gle; and, therefore, the special appropriation of
i it to particular States, in my judgment, was not
• just, and hence 1 heartily approved of the cession;
I but how Pennsylvania has ever been injuied by
i it, I cannot lmugine.
