80S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr, POLK. If the Senator from Vermont will
allow me, 1 wish to correct him in one respect
particularly. The law, in regard toOhio at least,
is to make a road 44 to and through the State,"
a d it appropriates five per cent, of the land-pro-
ceeds of that State for that purpose* and three
pef cejit. for making roads in the. State,
Mr. C0LLAM3&R. That depended on their
own contract. It may 'turn out, in Ohi& that the
whole five per cent, fund was reserved Tn the first
place to maKe a road to- and through Ohio; when
we come to this case, it is a reservation of two
per cent, to make a road, to the State and three
per cent, to make it through the State, in their
own way. When the agreement for making it
to and through Ohio was made, five pe,r cent., it
seems, was reserved by the Government, and not
two. When we came to the State of Missouri,
the contract was that we should reserve two per
cent, out of the five for the purpose of making
the road to the State, not in it at all.
Now, the gentleman claims of Congress to pay
4hat two per cent., because it was so done in re-
lation to Mississippi; so done in the contract with
Iowa; so done in Florida, and I do not know, but
with some other States. Is it not obvious, at a
moment's reflection, why that was ? We were
making this Cumberland road directly west, aim-
ing for Missouri. A contract had been made
with different States, from time to time, to go on
with that road until it struck the Mississippi, and
the agreement with Missouri was just the same;
to reserve two per cent, to make the road to Mis-
souri, meaning to the Mississippi river. The
State of Missouri applied from time to time to
Congress to complete that road, on the ground of
this contract, and their own Senators claimed it
and voted for it; and, I believe, on one occasion,
their State Legislature sent a memorial to Con-
gress asking us to lay out the two per cent, on
that road and complete if. That fund was laid
out, and, as I say, millions more than all we got
from all those States.
In relation to the other States, the case is differ-
ent. It will be at once seen why, in reference to
Iowa, the whole five percent, fund was left in the
hands of that State. This road did not point to
Iowa; it was not expected to go to Iowa; and
therefore the whole five per c^jjt. was left in the
hands of Iowa for roads in hci^'wn way. Just
so it was in relation to Mississippi. Tins road
we were making,and 011 which the two percent
were expected to be laid out, and were laid out,
did not point to Mississippi at all; and whefl the
two per cent, was reserved in Mississippi, it was
only because they followed the old form; and
afterwards Congress voted to let them have it, it
having been a mere imitation of foim that was
gotten into the Mississippi act; for the road never
looked that way at all. It looked directly west,
to Missouri. Hence it is tlut the case ofMis-
. souri is entirely unlike the case of Iowa, or Flor-
ida, or Mississippi. What i insist on is, that the
money, in point of fact, has been laid out by this
Government toward making the toad as far as
it would go towards Missouri, and a great many
millions more; but the truth is, the necessity of
that road is superseded; the State of Missouri does
not want that road made. Other means of inter-
communication have been opened up, superseding
the occasion for it. They do not ask now for the
money to make that road; they do not ask to
have that contract executed at all; but they ask to
have two per cent, of the money received for all
the land that has been sold in Missouri since it
has been a State paid to them; not to make a road
to Missouri, but to make roads wherever they
please—money that we have laid out, and laid out
many times over, at their own request.
I ought to say one word more, and that is about
the gentleman's suggestion in relation to tolls.
It is true that, after the Government had laid out
on the road many times all the money they ever
got from the two per cent., the road was given
up; the necessity for it ceased. That part of it
through Ohio and Indiana was delivered over to
the States, and they laid tolls on it for the purpose
of keeping it in repair some patts of the way. If
every foot of the road had been made, and then
delivered over to the States through which it ran,
Missouri never could have laid any tolls on it;
for it was not to go into that State, and did not
go into that State at all. If it had been entirely
* completed, and delivered over to the State, she
could have laid no tolls upon it by any possi-
bility:.
Mr. POLK. I hope, sir, that the interest which
my State feels in this question, and the injustice
that I think has been done to that State up to the
present time, will be an excuse-to me for saying
a few words in answer to what has fallen from
the Senator from Vermont. It seems to me that
the Senator from Vermont bases his argument on
an entire mistake, an entire misapprehension of
the legislation in the order in which it has taken
place on this subject. He seems to put his ob-
jection to the relief asked for in this case upon the
ground that, in the bills for the admission of Ohio
and Indiana and Illinois and Missouri into the
Union, reserving the two per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands in those States, to be
applied to roads to be built to, and in some in-
stances through, those States, the idea was that
the money was to be applied, and that the reser-
vations were made, in those cases, with especial
reference to the application of the funds to the
building of the Cumberland road.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman's own State
applied from time to time, by her Senators here
and through her Legislature, to have that money
laid out on this very road.
Mr. POLK. I will come to that as I proceed.
The gentleman has not looked at the dates of the
admission of the States. Ohio was admitted m
1802, I think. The first act, at all events, making
reservations for Ohio, was on the 30th of April,
1802. That reserved to Ohio five per cent., that
is, one twentieth part of the net income of the
sales of the public lands; and in 1803 there was,
in addition, given to the State of Ohio three per
cent, of the net proceeds, "for the purpose of
building roads in said State." Then the next State
that is admitted is not Indiana, but the next State
that is admitted is Mississippi, which was admit-
ted on the 1st of March, 1817; and there was a
reservation in the case of Mississippi in exactly
the same language that there was in the case of
Missouri. Instead of the Mississippi act follow-
ing the example that had been fixed m the case of
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, it is just exactly
the reverse; the example fixed m the case of Mis-
sissippi for building roads " to that State,'' was
followed in the case of Alabama first, and then
Indiana, and then Illinois, and then Missouri.
Then you have first the provision of the act for
the admission of Ohio. Well, says the Senator,
that contemplated the building of the Cumberland
road to and through the State of Ohio. Next, he
says that the reservation in the admission of In-
diana contemplated the extension of that road
through Ohio to Indiana; but the misfortune of
the Senator's aigument is, that there was a simi-
lar reservation in "the case of Mississippi; and not
only so, hut before Indiana was admitted there
was a similar reservation, to wit, on the second
of March, IdID, in the case of Alabama, in exactly
the same language.
Now, the Senator is just as much authorized to
say that the reservation in the case of Alabama
and of Mississippi had reference to a national
road to be built by the United States to the bor-
ders of those States, as he is to say that the res-
ervations in the case of Indiana and Illinois and
Missouri had reference to such a road as that.
The Senate sees, by a comparison of these dates,
that the reservation in the cases of Mississippi
and Alabama was- not because they followed
what had been made common and customary in
the cases of Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri; but
the reservations in these cases are based upon the
example fixed in thecasas of the admission ofMis-
sissippi and Alabama. Therefore, it is evident
that the Senator from Vermont labors under a
mistake in this matter.
There is another great mistake into which the
Senator fell. He says that, where appropiiations
were made for the building of the Cumberland
road, as he called it, the acts making the appro-
priations provided that the amount should be re-
served out of the two per cent, fund of the States
of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. I will
refer to some of those acts making appropriations
for the building of the Cumberland road, as it is
called; and it will be found that, in all, commenc-
ing with the act of 1831, going down to the act of
1834, the act of 1835, the acts of 1837, of March
and May, the provision is, that the amount shall
be refunded out of the two per cent, funds of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and not in-
cluding Missouri at all. 1 will refer to the first
one, to which I have just directed the attention
of the Senate, more particularly. It is an act of
the 2d of March, 1831, providing:
u Be it enacted by hythe Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Utii'ed Slutes of ^America in Crn^i ess assembled,
That the sum of 4*^0,000 be, and the ^ame is hereby, ap-
prupuated for the put pose ol opening, giadmg, nntl making
the Cumberland road, we-t\vaidly~ of Zane->ville, in the
State of Ohio; and that the Mim of @950 be. and the same
is hereby, appiopnated for icpairs on the taid road during
the year 1830 ; and also the fuilher sum of $2,700 to be ex
pended under the direction of the Secietaiy of YVai in com-
pleting the payment* to individual* for work heretofore
done on the Cumberland  oad, ea&tof Zanr-svdle. in (he
State of Ohio, under the diieouon of the superintendents
of said mad, or so much of said sum as may be found neces-
sary for that purpose ; also, for the payment ot arreaiages
foi the survey of the *aid road from Zanesville to the capi-
tal of Missouri, $265 85 ; and that the sum of $75,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for the purpose of
opening, grading, and hi idgtng the Cumbeiland load, in the
State of Indiana, including a budge over White river: near
Indianapolis, and progressing with the woik to the eastern
and western boundaries of said State ; and that the sum of
$68,000 be, arid the same js hereby, appi opriated for the pur-
pose of opiJninsi, sradoig, and hndgingthe Cumbeiland road,
in the Suite oflthnois: which sumsshall be paid out of any
money not otherwis#appiopnated, and replaced out of the*
fund reserved for laying out and making loads under the
duection of Congress, by the sevoiat acts passed tor the ad-
mission of the Stales of Ohio, Indiana.and Illinois,into the
Union; oil "an equal footing with the ouginal States."
Omitting the State of Missouri. So the actof
June 24, 1834, made appropriations for the con-
tinuation of the public road, of $200,000 in Ohy>,
$150,000 in Indiana, $100,000 in Illinois, which
sums are " to be paid out of any money not
otherwise appropriated, and replaced out of the
funds for laying out and making roads, under the
direction of Congress, by the several act** passed
for the admission of Ohio, Indiana, and ^Tlhnois,
into the Union." The same provision is made
by the act of March 3,1835; by the actof March
3, 1837; and by the act of the 25th of May, 1837.
Thus, Mr. President, in all these acts, the re-
funding is to take place out of the two per cent,
of the proceeds of the public lands in the States
in which the expenditure is made. Therefore, the
Senator is entirely under a mistake when he sup-
poses that the two per cent, in Missouri, in the
sense in which Congress acted on this subject, in
the mind of Congress at the time it acted, were
to be appropriated to building this road in Ohio
or Indiana or Illinois. On the contrary, this two
per cent, fund in Missouri seems to be, by all
these acts, running from 1831 down to 1837, re-
served to be appropriated to the building of this
road m Missouri; and, in the very act I read,
there is a provision for paying, not out of the fund
of Missouri even, but for paying out of the funds
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, the balance of the
expense for making a survey of the road to the
capital of the State of Missouri; thus contem-
plating the completion of this road to the capital
of the State of Missouri. Therefore, it seems to
me that it is taking for granted a state of legisla-
tion that is not the true state, to suppose that
this was a trust fund to be devoted to the building
of a road that looked towards Missouri.
Sir, it was no more an appropriation of the two
per cent, of the proceeds of the public lands of
Missoui i, to the building of this Cumberland road,
than there was an appropriation of the two per
cent, of the proceeds of the lands of Mississippi
and of Alabama, to building; it. If the two per
cent, was relinquished to Mississippi and Ala-
bama, to cairy out the contract that was entered
into between those States and the United States,
I say that just the same contract, with all its ob-
ligatory force, is binding upon Congress, to make
the relinquishment to Missouri that was made in
the cases of those States.
In 1841, there was a relinquishment of the five
per cent, fund to the State of Mississippi. In
1855, on the 2d of March, there was a relinquish-
ment made to the State of Alabama; and after-
wards, by subsequent acts, coming down as late
as 1857, theie were relinquishments made to those
States of the two per cent, on the proceeds of the
lands that had been reserved for the Indians, the
Indian title having been extinguished.
So that, Mr. President, if we look at the dates
of the legislation of Congress on this subject, we
not only find that the Senator is at fault m the
first position upon which he places himself, but
we find that he is refuted in another one of his
arguments, which is, that this question was ex-
