1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
amined into in 1850, and then the application of
Missouri was voted down m the Senate;for since
that date, m 1855, and in 1857, the Senate has
passed bills refunding the two per cent, to Ala-
bama and to Mississippi, just as it is now asked
by the State of Missouri; and Alabama and Mis-
sissippi have been just as much benefited by the
road that was commenced at Cumberland and
was carried forward through Ohio, and partially
through Indiana and into Illinois, as Missouri
has been.
The Senator also said that Missouri had been
before Congress, asking for the appropriation of
this reserved fund for the building of this road.
Mr. President, Missouri has been before Con-
gress. She was here in 1829; but she was heie
remonstrating against the monstrous perversion,
as she supposed, the monstrous abuse of this trust
fund reserved from the proceeds of her lands by
the action of Congress; for it will be borne in
mind, that when these first acts were passed, it
was before (according to my recollection-of dates)
the discovery of the macadamizing procdSI of
building public roads. That had not been adopted
at the time; and it was supposed.that the fund re-
served would be amply sufficient to build roads to
the States that were admitted on the condition le-
ferred to. Subsequently, the macadamizing pio-
cess was discovered, and was brought into use;
and then these roads, instead of costing the sum
it was originally supposed fhey would cost, were
made to cost an enormous amount, swelling up
to millions—more than sufficient to exhaust not
only the five per cent, of Ohio and the two per
cent, of Indiana and Illinois, and even of Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Missouri, but to sink an
immense amount beyond those two per cent. In
that state of the case, Missouri in 1829, by her
Legislature, remonstrated to Congressagainst this
perversion and abuse of this ti ust fund, and asked
that, instead of making those heavy expenditures
from this fund which Congress held as a trustee
for her benefit, it should build roads to the State.
Instead of expending it in the erection of costly
bridges and putting down the macadamizing, at
an immense expense, so that the fund never could
possibly, in any contingency, reach to Missouri,
they iemonstrate*d against it, and asked that, in-
stead of these heavy expenditures, a road should
be made, such as an emigrant from the East, into
the State of Missouri, might safely travel over
with his wagons and with his family. That re-
monstrance was unheeded.
Some twenty years afterwards, Missouri is
here again; and when she comes here again, what
does she find ? She finds that Congress, after the
navigation of the western rivers by steamboats,
has utterly ceased to attempt even to mftku a road
towards the State—has abandoned it entirely;
and when Congress has abandoned it, she asks
that this breach of trust shall be made good to
her;thatthc amount which lias been taken, which
ought to have been expended to build roads to
her, but has been expended hundreds; of nnles east
of her, fiom which she had no sort of benefit at
all, shall be refunded to her. This protest was
made at least twice during the administration of
Governor King, as the Executive of the State of
Missouri, and Missouri has stood all this long
time protesting against the abuse of this trust
fund, and asking that it shall be appropriated
properly as long as the United States pretended
to appropriate at all; and when she utteily neg-
lected to do anything on the subject at all, asking
that she shall notappropnate the fund to her own
use, but shall allow Missouri to have the benefit
of it.
Now, Mr. President, Missouri gave not only
the consideration that was given by other States
for the two per cent, fund, but she gave a much
higher and more important one. She agreed that
the public lands which should be sold within her
borders should be exempted from taxation for
five years after the sale; and certainly as late as
1850, the amount of public lands sold which was
exempt from taxation under this provision was
about thirteen million acres, or upwards of six-
teen million dollars in value, which she refrained
from taxing; which forbearance was a part of the
consideration for the two per cent. fund, in ad-
dition to the heavy consideration that was given
for not taxing the public lands, the same that was
given by the other States, this consideration has
been paid by the State of Missouri. Here she
has been, since heradmission into the Union, now !
for some thirty-nine years, forbearing to tax the 1
public lands sold, for five years after their sale,
until within a few years past. Every other Siate, <
I believe, except the State of Missouri, in which !
there was a reservation of two per cent, to be ex-
pended in making roads to the State, has had the
benefit of that. First, Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio
have had the benefit, in that they have had the
roads built to and into those States; and next,
Congress has not only built the roads into those
States, and through all of them except Illinois, but
by the act of the 20th of January, 1853, she relin-
quished the road in the State of Ohio to that State.
She first built the road, and gave that State all the
advantages of having the open communication
afforded by it, and in addition to this, in 1842 she
relinquished the road.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator whether,
in relinquishing, she did not make it a condition
that no more tolls should be levied on the road
than enough to keep it in repair?
Mr. POLK. That may be so. I really do not rec-
collect what was the provision in the act relinquish-
ing to Ohio. Before that relinquishment to Ohio,
on the 11th August, 1842, there was a relinquish-
ment made to Indiana of so much of the road as
lay within her limits; butas to Illinois, there has
been no relinquishment, because the v/oik done
in Illinois, I believe, was really of no advantage to
that State. Missouri stands, then, with her two
per cent, fund retained from her—expended,says
the Senator from Vermont. Well, suppose we
concede it to have, been expended. She had her
two per cent, expended for building a road in the
States laying far east of her, which States have
had the benefit of the use of the road in opening
up emigration into them, and have actually had
the road relinquished to them; while Missouri
has neither had the opening up of the, emigrant
route to her by the bnildmg of the road, nor has
she had any relinquishment of the road to her,
for indeed it has not been built to be relinquished.
Is it not fair that Missouri should have just
what these other States have had? Is it not fair
that she should have what the new States have
had, what Iowa has had, what Wisconsin has
had, whatFlonda has had, what Minnesota has
had, what California has had, what every State
that has been admitted into the Union has had,
and what has been proposed to be given to every
State that has been proposed to be admitted into
the Union? The bill for the admission of Oregon
proposes to give her five per cent.; and all the
bills that were before Congress at the last session
for the admission of Kansas into the Union pro-
posed to give her that much; and, in addition to
that, Mississippi and Alabama have had the two
percent, relinquished to them.
Mr. President, the most and the best that can
be said for the United States in the relation that
she sustains to Missouri m this case, is, that she
stands in relation to this trust fund in the attitude
of a trustee; ntiftin that at'itude she can assume
but one of two positions—either the trustee has
misapplied the trust money, and therefore, when
she is asked to refund it, has no excuse to make
why she should not be compelled to refund it; or,
what 1 wil^suppose to be the better position, of j
having ceased to do anything towaids giving the
cestui que tni^t ihe benefit of the trust fund that
has been placed, by the contiact between the two,
in her hands. Now, sir, shall she not do it ? Shall
she not either build the road to the State, or give
to Missouri the fund with which that road was
to be built? That is the simple' question. Aside
from the geneiosityand equity of the ease, as was
presented by my colleague in his opening remarks,
I say that she stands in the position of asking that
the trust shall be executed by the United States;
that either the road shall be built, or that the
money which was set apart for building it shall
be put into her hands, and let her apply it for her
own benefit. That the road is not to be built we
all know. That has been abandoned long ago.
Steam on the water and steam on the rail-track
has superseded it, has made it obsolete. This
Government has the fund, if it has not misapplied
it. I will not suppose that it has abused it, and
appropriated it to uses that were foreign to the
contract and m violation of the contract between
it and the cestui qut trust. It has that fund; and
the simple question is, when it will not use it,
whether it shall not give it to the cestui que trust
for whose benefit it holds it, and let the cestui que
trust use it?
I do not mean to detain the Senate with' re-
marks on this question. I think- the eaee- is a per-
fectly clear one, and it seems to me that itis on£
in which,if the money be paidtnow, tardy justice
even is not done; because Missouri'gets, thirty
years after her admission, what ought to have
been appropriated to her henefitimmedlately upon-
the ratification of the contract between her and
the United Slates.
The question being taken, the bill was passed.
Mr. TOOMBS subsequently said: 1 desire to
make a motion to reconsider the vote passing the
bill in regard to the Missouri two per cent.fund;
and I jyiil agree to take up the motion at any time
that will suit the gentlemen from that State. I
was engaged at the time in examining into the
facts when the vote was unexpectedly taken. I
do not think the question ought to have been
passed in the way it was. ' *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsidcr will be entered. - *-
CHOCTAW NATION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the Senate to allow
mo to take up a litile question of reconsidering a
joint resolution^ which will lead to no debate at
all. It is that which places the Choctaw nation
on the same footing with the States, in receiving
and distributing a share of the archives of the
country.
The'PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on the mo-
tion to reconsidei the vote passing the joint res-
olution (S. No. 6d) for supplying the Choctaw
nation with such copies of the laws, journals, and
public printed documents, as'are furnished to the
States and Territories.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr SEBASTIAN. My object in moving the
reconsideration was to insert an amendment em-
bracing; the Chickasaws and Cherokees, who
also have republican forms of government and
national libraries. My amendrhent is to insert
" Cherokee and Chickasaw" before the word
" nation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was passed; and the title
was amended so as to read " A joint resolution
for supplying the Choctaw, Cherokee, and Chick-
asaw nations of Indians with such copies of the
laws, journals,and public printed documents, as
are furnished to the States and Territories."
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. STUAItT. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill(H.R. No.
(56!)) for rhe relief of the, Mobile and Ohio Railroad
Company, have directed me to repott it with -an
anv mlrm-nt,
i\fr. WADE. This day, I believe, has been
appropriated to the consideration of private bills;
and I move that we procced to the consideration
of the Piivate Calendar.
Mr. BltOVVN. The Senator will allow me a
moment. The Senator fiom Michigan has re-
ported a bill m reference to the Mobiie and Ohio
Railroad Company,with an amendment, to which,
I think, there can be no possible objection; and I
ask that the Senate will concur in it, and let the
bill pass, it will not take a second. No one ob-
jects to if.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. GG9) for the relief of the Ohio
and Mobile Railroad Company.
The bill provides that, as the State of Missis-
sippi, by its act approved on the 28th of January,
1852, and the State of Alabama, by its act approved
on the 1st of December, 1851, did transfer to the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company the lands
which were granted to those States under the pro-
visions of the act of Congress approved the 20th
September, 1850, to aid m the construction of a
railroad from Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio
river, the transfers of the lands so made by those
States, respectively, to that company, are recog-
nized, ratified, and confirmed, and the titles to all
bona fide purchasers ot the company are, also con-
firmed: and the time limited by the oiiginal act of
Congress for the completion of the railroad is ox-
tended, and the company is allowed further time
