812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
adverse claims the legal representatives of De I
Bonne and Repentigny are to receive from the j
CommissionerofiheGeneralLandOlfice warrants |
authorizing them or their assigns to enter any !
other lands belonging to the United States, and
subject to entry private sale, at $1 25 per acre,
which warrants are to be for sections or legal sub-
divisions of sections at the option of the parties
entitled to receive them.
Mr. FtiSSENDEN. I remember that that bill
was up once before, when very considerable ob-
jection was made to it, and some discussion en-
sued here. I should like to know what the facts
are.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The only objection made
was by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
King,] who subsequently withdrew it. His ob-
jection was, that he was opposed to people'shav-
ing land warrants for land which the Government
had sold. This bill provides that wlu*n tins party
has sued the Government for his land, if he gets
a judgment for his land, if it shall turn out that
the Government has already sold a part ot it to
other people, instead of evicting them he shall
have warrants to locate elsewhere land that is sub-
ject to enUy at frl 25 per acre.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
The bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of the
owners, officers, and crew, of the biig General
Armstrong, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to be directed
to pay to the owners, officers, and crew, of the
private-armed brig Gene i ai Ai ins iron"', destroyed
in the port of Fayal, by a British squadron, dur-
ing the last war with Liieut Britain, the sum of
$60,739, in full compensation for all losses sus-
tained thereby, estimating the value of the vessel
and losses of the officers and crew as the same are
ascertained by the Couitof Claims in their report
to the Senate and House of Representatives of the
1st Pebruaiy, ISoti, and deducting theieirom the
sum of ^2,OUO, heretofore paid to the claimants
as prize money.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not a decision of the
Court ot Claims agonist that ? ["Yes.")
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not informed on the subject.
Mi. BROWN. I can explain that in a word.
Mr. MASON. The report is a^hort one, and
that explains what was done in the Court of
Claims.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should beghul to hear the
report read.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations:
The l-ominitte'' mi l-'oieiiin Relations, 10 whwin \\\i* ic-
feued tlie teport t'loiii ilie Com L ot Claim,in the t .r-e oi iIjc
'•claimant ol the him Gi-nm.d Jiannong, a<Min-t the
United States,r have had the .same tnidei con&uiewuon,
aim now lepoit:
Thai .it the in>t session of th'> Thirty-thiul Congi ct e the
Committee on Foieijfn Relations oi the Senate, to whom
thu petition wa> rt-tem d, made a tepoit. accompanied In- a
hii. ioi the relic! ot the petitioner, ^tepoit No l.V,, Senate
bill 268.) The ca-cwa- s-utKM-qnently reiened to the Couif
ol Claim*, both by the Senate ami Ilo^e oi Eeprcsentam es.
The cat-e now comes betoie tins committee on tliM lepoit
of the Couit of Claim-, (Mn?erii,>neoiio Document No. J W,
llrst ^c-^ion Tim ty 5'Vih t ;on'jie->.) On cxaiiniial ion off hi**
jcpoit it appeal* that, at the firtt iieai mur. that couit >us-
tdiucd the claim of Use petitioner-* a*> valid a<_;am-.a ihe Gov
eminent, and duueted that ^vhIoikms !-li<mUl be taken to
fchow tlie amount due; one of ihejud^c^ di^-^ntniir.
On a luithei lieannsjof ilie ea-e on **ueh evidence, one
of tlie judges, then toiore in the nt.jjoutj, iccon*idci td and
i.ives^ed hi- opinion, and judgment \va- then icndeied ad-
versely to the claim; the giound then assumed hems. that
on the prool- no claim in law wa* er-tabiished against tlie
United States am! that ih" claim could be addressed <>,,!> to
the hbeiahty and eqt.ny ot Connie^.
On examination ol tin- rcpoxt fiom the Court of Claims,
it would appeal thai the eoiur a-Miined that coitaui pmoia
iiad b<'cn hud bv the Government of tin1 f.nite.l Slates he-
loie the aibiuator, which nnirhr matetialSy have allected
ins awaid, but winch it now elcai Jy appeal** wa-> amt>iake,
and that ttie proofs ixa question wcic not fjeioio iniii when
the awaid was made.
The facts appear to be these : By the convention with
Portugal, pumiantto winch Uik- claim was releucd to the
arbitrament of the Republic ol'France. H was stipulated
that all the correspondence between the Goveinm tit of
Portugal and the United States respecting tin? claim should,
bv th<$paitie  to the treaty, be laid beioic the arbitrator.
In doing tin* it further appeals that by some misapprehen-
sion, a part of this correspondence, being that which fn&t
aro&e in The \cars 1814-to, and conducted at Rio de Ja-
neiro, (where" the Government of Portugal then resided.)
v.ms omitted, and in which the last named.Goveinment
admitted, by necessary implication, its liability to the claim-
ants.
it is now shown that the cvidcnce of such omission had
been communicated by the Secietarv of State to the soli-
citor of the Couit of Claims prior to the judgment of that
court m the ease, but loi some reason had not been laid
befoie tho court; whilst both the existence of mipIi proofs
and the omission to adduce them helote the arbmator was
neee-sarily unknown to the claimants, nor wore these facts
discovered until alter the decision of the court.
In ptoof of tin*, the committee append to this report a
copy of the letter of Mr. Marey to Mr. Blair, collator of the
Court ot Claims, dated-20th November, 3855, with the papers
accompanying it. Theie is a desscuptive h^tof the corre-
spondence that was laid befoie the arbitrator, and this cor-
respondence of 1814 and 1815 is not amongst, them.
It was contended in the aigument on the pai t ot the Gov-
ernment that, even conceding that this last named corre-
spondence was not before the arbitiatoi, still no injury could
have resulted to the claimants, because all the material facts
contained in it were icterred to or otherwise cited in so
much ot the correspondence as was exhibited. Still, the
committee are of opinion that the lailuieto exhibit it. as re-
quired by the convention, is a matter of just complaint by
the claimant? ; because, amonqst other reasons, it cannot
be known what infeiences or conclusions might be diawn
by the arbmator by rea&on of its absence.
Nor do the committee mean to say that, had that evi-
dence been befoie the Couit, it would have made a clear
case of demand in law agani*t the Government; but they
advert to it as a fuither equitable consideration in favm of
the claimants.
On the whole, the committee, on further examination,
as^ain concur in their report, befoie adveited to, ot Maich
id, !&>!. in favor of this claim, and make the same a pait
of thu repott: and on the proof* as to the amount due. es-
tabh.-hed before the Couit of Claims, and set foith in its
repoit, pages 149 and laO, lepoit a bill lor the idiot ol the
claimants.
The ptoofs befoie the Comt of Claims show :
Tlie value of the vessel at 
Lossof olhcers and men  27,739
$70,739
For which is deducted—
Amount paid heretofore asptizo money to officeis
and men  10.000
^C>[).7;S9 ;
/
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, in the month of i;
March, lSf>4, a report was made from the Com-
mitteo on Foreign Relations upon this claim for ;
tho relief of the owners, officers, anil crew, of the
brig General Armstrong, accompanied by a bill. J
The report is quite a long one; and sets out the j
grounds upon which the committee recommend i
the payment of this money to these claimants. 1
When it came befoie the Senate, it was, on the ,
motion of some Senator, I do not recollect who— j
very possibly my colleague, who, very wisely 1
ant! properly", watches the c.ouise of these ptivatc ,
claims—refenred to the Court of Claims. The j
Court of Claim*, us shown by the report, at first .
decided in favor of tho petitioneis, that if was a ;
valid claim against the Government; and directed i
that evidence should be taken to show what was 1
the Hue value of the matter in comroveisy be- !
twecn the claimants and the Govei nment. That '
evidence was taken, and the sum was fixed at,
1 £,70,739; hut $10,000 lmving been paid during the '
; war as prize r'non^y to the officers, the amount of ;
| it was deducted, leaving a balance of $G0,739; so j
! that we have in the case at least the amount of'
j the claim sifted by evidence b« fore that judicial
i tribunal. When the case came back before the j
! Court of Claims upon the evidence, it was re- 1
i argued, and one of the judges changed his opin-
i ion, and that reversed the judgment of court;
j the s;iound assumed being that, on the proofs, no
| claim m law was established against the United
| States, and that the clami could be addressed only
! to tlie liberality of Congress.
I Now, sir, i propose very briefly to state the
; grounds upon which the Committee on Foreign
j Relations recommend the payment of the claim
I m the report submitted at the present Congress.
: Tins case, probably, is known to most Senators,
j because it has passe'd into the history of the coun-
I try. The action out of which the claim arose re-
I dour.ded very much to the credit of the American
! people, as one of the incidents of the last war with
Great Britain. The brig General Armstrong was
apnvateer. Our navy was very small at that
i day, and it was the policy of the Government, as
its legisiation shows, to encouiage the system of
I privateeiing to supply the deficiency of the Navy,
j and it was used to a very large extent, and was a
very successful arm of the service during that war.
; The brig General Armstrong, owned I do not rcc-
! oliect where, was commanded by Captain Reid,
| then a very young man. It was lying at Fayal,
i in the Portuguese possessions, when there arrived
. off the mouth of the harbor a British force con-
sisting of two or three ships; and under a pretext,
not then even assumed, but afterwards set up lit
their defense, they made an assault upon this brig
lying in a neutral port for the purpose of captur-
ing her. The first assaultTwas repelled.' It then
appeared that all the boats of those British ships
were manned and sent to the assault of this-brig,
lying almost under the guns of the fort of Fayal;
that the assault was resisted, and how many I d<3
not now remember, but a vast number of the
enemy killed; a number of the boats were sun'k,
and the assault was repelled; but it was repelled
by the loss of almost the whole crew of the Gen-
eral Armstrong. The boats drew off; and then
the British commander, persevering in his pur-
pose in violation of the neutrality of the port, was
preparing to waip his ships into the harbor in
order to bring them within gunshot of the priva-
teer, which would inevitably have destroyed her
and the men m her; and thereupon the captain
withdrew his men and landed, and the ship was
blown up and burnt.
I remember very well the impression that was
made on the public mind by the gallant and suc-
cessful defense of the ship, although a private"
armed ship, yet fighting the battles of the nation
when our Navy was m its infancy. I remember
that public honors were paid to the captain and
the officers when they returned, and the contri-
bution that was made by Congress of §10,000,
was made in the nature of prize money to tlie of-
fice's and crew of that brig.
The British Government having violated the
neutrality of the port of Fayal, devolved of ne-
cessity by international law the duty on the Port-
tugucsc Government to make good that law; and
it was presented to the Portuguese Government
: by the American Government, and the claims
! pressed. Such was the sympathy, then, of the
i Ameiican nation, and the Government sympa-
; tlnzing with it, that the claim was pressed almost
! to the veige of war against Portugal, who resisted
; its payment; for an armed squadron was sent into
' the Tagus to admonish Portugal that, if the claim
j was not paid, an act of war would be committed.
In that state of things, a convention was made be-
; tween Portugal and the United States, by which^
I it was agreed to submit the question of the lia-
i bility of Portugal to the arbitrament of the Presi-
i dent of the Fieneh, now the Emperor of the
Fiench: and it was stipulated m the convention
thatall the correspondence which had taken place
between the two Powers at Fvio Janeiro, at that
time the seat of the Government of Portugal,
should be submitted by the two Governments to
the arbitrator. The arbitration was held, and tho
President of the Freivh Republic decided in favor
of Portugal, upon the ground, really repelled by
the proolsin the ease, thutthere was'something to
show that while she boats of the British squadron
were on their way to the shore, a watering party,
they weie fired into from the brig—an allegation
that was entirely, without foundation, as shown
by the whole tenor of the proofs in the case, and
: by the American Consul, who was present, and
' who saw the whole affair. It was really a pretext
i got up and exhibited, J know not how, before
I the French referee, and on that point he decided
! adversely to the claim. It iias been subsequently
| made to appear, and is abundantly proved, that
j from some oversight, or some omission, thytstip-
| ulation of the tieaty made in favor of the claim-
■ ants, that oil the correspondence between the two
i Governments should be laid before the referee,
: was not carried into effect. There was a large
' body of the correspondence that never went before
i the refer? at all, from some omission, casual, I
' doubt not, m the hurry of doing these things—
j some omission on the part of this Government;
: and that is clearly shown m the report. The re-
port says:
I " It fuither appears that, by some misapprehension, a part
I of this correspondence, being tlwf wKtch fir^t arose m the
1 yeaitp 1814-15, and conducted at ilio deJaneno, (where tlie
Government ol Portugal then icsided.) was omitted,and in
which the last-named' Government admitted, by nece&saiy
implication, its liability to the claimants."
The correspondence omitted, as stated in the
report, was that part in the early stage of 1S14
and 1815, wherein the Government of Portugal,
by necessary implication, admitted its liability.
The report continues:
" It is now shown that the evidence of such omission had
been communicated by the Secietaiy of State to the solic-
itor of the Court of Claims', puor to the judgment of that
