814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
no man, in an humble sphere, ever shed more true
luster or glory on the arms of his country. I
would not care if it took the last dollar in your
coffers; I would not care if you had to go into
the street and. borrow money at twenty per cent.;
I wouid pay a debt of gratitude, like this, to a
citizen who so richly deserved it. What, sir, is
your privateering worth, if a man who takes pro-
tection mi a neutral port,* feeling that the egis of
the law is over him, is, by the mere legerdemain
of diplomacy, to be cheated out of what all your
Secretaries and all your Presidents for thirty
years said was his?
Wot only in this action, but in other places has
this venerable man shown his devotion to his
country. Out of his mind sprang the devicp for
your national flag, which floats over this Capitol
to-day, and it was the companion,of his bosom
and the daughters of his household who wrought
the first ilag that ever floated over the American
Capitol. He has been at all times and under all
circumstances, a true patriot, a brave soldier, a
devoted citizen, and he asks from his country
nothing but justice. If he has a majority of friends
here, to-day, I hope they will never allow the
Senate to adjourn without awarding him that jus-
tice to which he is fairly entitled.
Mr. TOOMBS. My honorable friend from
Mississippi has so signally disregarded his own
advice in giving us a speech, that I hope he will
not think u amiss if 1 shall follow so bad an ex-
ample,
Mr. BROWN. I did not make a speech.
[Laughter.] 1 hope you do not consider what I
said a speech.
Mr. TOOMBS. "Well, it was certainly a har-
angue upon the met its and^f/ries of the pi titioner.
Mr. President, jf this bill simply proposed an
additional recognition of the gallantry and good
conduct of the commanding officer and men of
the privateer Geneiai Armstrong, in the affair re-
ferred to, it certainly would not have met my
opposition; perhaps it might have received my
support. I say 44 an additional recognition," be-
cause shortly after this event the Government
voted $10,000 as a gratuity, m recognition of the
very gallant conduct of the commanding officer
and men of that privateer m this affair. If it was
desirable to enlarge that, (as I believe patriotism,
especially when connected with claims, generally
enlarges,) and if we were disposed to be more
patriotic than those gentlemen who at that time
made that recognition, ( might have been willing
after this lapse of forty years, following in the
general current, to do something in that way; for,
Cerhaps, enough was not done m the beginning;
ut I cannot consent that this bill shall stand on
the principles of that report, and tin* argument of
its friends, especially the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The Government has not only done all that it
ought to have done, but since the peaee of Ghent
has done a good deal more than a gieat and prom!
' nation ought to have done, in this matter. In the
first place, the Government of Portugal was not-
bound for the payment of these damages under
any circumstances whatever. It was against the
law of justice and of right to urge her to pay them,
and more especially, n did not lie m our mouth
under the circumstances, and h was discreditable
to the nation to attempt to throw the burden
upon her. I admit that Great Britain, in attack-
ing the General Armstrong, at Faval, violated the
laws of war, the laws of nations, and the sover-
eignty of Portugal; and she commuted an act
that would have authorized Ponugul to goto war
with her. ♦Therefore, she was wrong; that is to
say, wrong as to Portugal. She violated the law
of nations and the sovereignty of Portugal, and it
was a good cause of war for Portugal against
England. Our vessel went in there for protection.
She was a weak and feeble nation, winch could
not protect us; she had no means at hand to pro-
tect us; as the Senator from AJiss,u?sippi has
stated, there were no means tin-re fo do it. The
British force was not only great enough to over-
come the Armstrong after a most brilliant and
gallant action, tout enough to c^rcome any de-
fense Portugal might have made, At that time
we were at war with Great Britain, and by this
act she gavt? us additional cause of war; she in-
flicted additional injury on us against the laws of
war; and tt was our right, by the law of nations,
to compel her in the treaty of peace, if we were
able, to pay for this violation of our rights in that
neutral port, and if we did not do it, there was
an end of the matter.
Is it not beneath the dignity of this Govern-
ment, or any great Government, under such cir-
cumstances, to press such a claim against a weak
nation like Portugal? We were at war with Eng-
land at that timer we fought her up to the treaty
of Ghent; and, by the law of nations, we had a
right to compel her to pay for this outrage in the
port of Fayal; but we ,did not do it—I will not
say for insufficient reasons, for I will allude to
that after a while; but I will suppose for sufficient
reasons—for national safety and national interest.
Wfe could not make England pay this damage.
We make a treaty, and do not get satisfaction for
this injury; and then say: "We will whip some-
body; we will go and whip Portugal, and make
her pay the money, and therefore we will send a
fleet up the Tagus; we will not send it up the
British Channel; we will not send it up the
Thames, for there are some British bulldogs; but,
inasmuch as Portugal was too feeble to protect
us when we wanted her protection at Fayal, and
as she was not strong enough to fight England,
we will compel her to pay us this money, or we
will go to war with her, because she has not done
that which we had a right to make England do;
but were unable or unwilling to make her do."
That is the case. I would as soon think of mak-
ing a similar claim against a weak neighbor by
whose hospitality I was sheltered, and who
should be attacked by a marauder. By the laws
of hospitality he would be bound to piOtect me;
but when the maumder beat both of us, could \
turn round and say to him: " You were bound
by the laws of hospitality to protect me; you
could not do it; now 1 will let off the real aggres-
sor, and punish the poor fellow who gave me
protection r" That is the magnanimity of this
great Power of the North American continent!
Wo could not make England pay this money.
We had a war with her, and after three years
made a diawn game of it. We had a right by the
laws of nations, as they have ever existed, and
by natural justice, to require her, when we made
rhe treaty of peace, to piovide redress for this in-
jmy, if we were able to do so. What is the ob-
ject of a wai r It is to get redress for the original
injury, and tht> expenses incurred in carrying it
on. That is the legitimate object of all war in
civilized countries, and it is the right of every na-
tion to pursue war until it gets lediess for the
original wrong and the expenses of the suit. It
is so laid down by the publicists. Well, this m-
juiy was part of our expenses; aggravated by
having been illegally inflicted on us in a neutral
port.
A nation is not compelled to fight at the cost of
her existence. Nations arc not always compelled
to go to wai to get damages. Sometimes it is a
less injury to a nation to yield to the wrong, to
y«eki the costs of suit, and settle on some com-
promise as to the future, as we did m 1814 at
Ghent. That was a question of public policy for
the generation that has gone before us. But as we
were unable or unwilling to make England pay
tins* damage, was it becoming the dignity of this
country to send a frigate up the Tagus, and en-
deavor to make a weak Government like Portu-
gal, pay tire expense? I say it was not. I would
not have demanded it of her; I was not bound to
demand it of Iter; but the Government did it, and
theiefore, I say the Government did more than
she ought to have done, more than a great nation
ought to have done. 1 would have paid the money
before 1 would have done it. If yon had come
to me and said, " We had to make this peace, the
national safety required it, we do not intend to
demand the money of Portugal, though her right
and her duty as an independent power was to pre-
serve her neutrality; but not being able to do it,
and not being cause enough to go to war, we will
not urjre it on her;" and if you had appealed to
my generosity, I might have paid every dime of
u. But, here the Government of the United States
endeavored to,make Portugal pay. We could not
go to England, (because we had settled with her
by the treaty of Ghent, and that forever barred
and foreclosed us. We went to Portugal, and
Portugal said, " 1 could not help this business; I
do not know who was right or wrong in it; I gave
you shelter, I gave you protection; the British
came in there and assaulted you, I admit, against
the law of nations and against the laws of war;
but I cannot help it, and I do not think I ought
to pay," After our frigate was sent up the Tagus,
Portugal said she would refer the case to any
friendly Power. At that time, the present Em-
peror of France was at, the head of a Republic;
he was President Napoleon, and we thought we
should have a fair chance with the President of
the French Republic. Our Government, after the
importunity, year after year, of these people to
make Portugal pay the money, took charge of it,
! and agreed to refer the case to arbitration,
j That is a very wise way of settling interna-'
! tional difficulties. I do not think we ought to
; have gone to war with Portugal or England about
1 it; especially not with Portugal. We were will-
! ing to refer a mere question of dollars and cents,
i involving some sixty thousand dollars; but there
j was no national honor of ours in the question; it'
! became as to us a question of money'. The nei-
j tional honor of Portugal was involved; it had
' been violated; but we were at war with England
I at the time, and she had a right to attack us
i wherever she could, provided she did not inter-
! fere with other people. She had impugned the
I national honor of Portugal, not ours. Then it
;! was a mere question as to $60,000 of money; and
I we said we would refer it to an arbitrator, and
we did so.
I Now these persons comc and tell us that all the
1 papers were not before the arbitrator. Well, sir,
. it is the business of the Government to present
claims when it takes charge of them, in the best
; way it can. The idea that, because they have
! been defeated, they are at liberty to come in and
| say that we did not pay as much attention to
! their case as we ought to have done, or that the
j arbitrator has decidcd wrong, is like a man losing
i lus case, going out of court and cursing the
ljudge. That is about the upshot of the case—
| nothing else. We went before an arbitrator, and
| the arbitrator decided againstus. There it ought
i to stand; and as far as I am concerned, I will
: never consent to pay a dime on any pretext that
[ that judgment was wrong, knowing as I do, feel-
ing as I do, and believing as 1 do, as a manly Sen-
! ator, that there never was any obligation on the
part of Portugal to pay the money.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia, meeting the views taken by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, makes a dis-
tinct issue. The Senator from Georgia says that
1 there was no claim against Portugal; that if there
\ was a claim it was against Great Britain; and that
j there being no claim against Portugal, it was an
i unwarrantable act on the part of this Govern-
j ment, an act not worthy of veiy high commend-
) ation, that it should abandon the demand against
| the wrong-doer, England, and pursue it against
1 the feeble Government of Portugal,, who was in
j no sense responsible. That I understand to be
the position of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Well, now, Mr. President,
whether there was a liability on Portugal or not
depends entirely upon the ordinances ot interna-
tional law; and if the Senator from Georgia is
j right, it results that each successive President of
I these United States, from Mr. Madison,in whose
' administration the wrong was committed, down
; to the late General Taylor, utterly misconceived
I the lawof the case, and presented the claim against
• the wrong party; and it results further, thatPor-
i tugal herself, against whom the claim was pre-
i foived, never sought to shelter herself upon the
: defense suggested by the honorable Senator. Sir,
! this depredation was committed in September,
' 1814, nnd in 1815 Mr. Madison made the demand
; upon Portugal. The facts are shown in the re-
! port made by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
I Slidell.] In September, 1814, the wrong was
i done, nnd in 'January, 1815, according to that re-
| port, Mr. Madison " caused Mr. Monroe, the
i Secretary of State, to make a formal demand on
j Portugal for the destruction of the brig General
| Armstrong, based upon the sworn protest of Cap-
j tain Reid and nine of his officeis, made before
■ John B. Dabney, United States consul at Fayal."
1 Now, if the honorable Senator is right in his
j law, Mr. Madison was utterly uninformed of the
I law of nations. Mr. Madison orders the claim
