APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
3&rh'f Cqng....2d Sess.
European and North American Railway—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
vicinity, and to invito the cooperation of the Brit-
ish provinces in extending it to the river St.
John-.-.- Afriend, at my request,- has had my re-
marks" made on "the occasion copied from the le-
gislative debates, and forwarded them to me. I
propose-to publish thenv as-a note at the end of
the remarks which I am now making.
But the merits of the plan by no means rest on
the slender foundation of my own judgment or
fancy. It has enlisted the ardent support of the
most intelligent men of New England, without
distinction of party; it has inspired a warm enthu-
siasm among the people of the British provinces
in the colder regions north of us, and it has found
favor among the leading men in remote sections
of the country.
I wish to arrest the attention of gentlemen
representing all parts of the Union, and awaken
interest in this national enterprise, I shah be ex-
cused for briefly adverting to facts in connection
with it, which, though of great national import-
ance, transpired in the remote angle of the Con-
federacy which is more immediately concerned,
and for that reason may have been overlooked or
forgotten by the great body of the nation. I have
before me a large pamphlet, containing the pro-
ceedings of a railway convention which met at
Portland on the 31st of July, 1850. This conven-
tion was composed of delegates from all parts of
New England, from New York, and, what con-
stituted a peculiar and interesting feature of it,
from the British North American provinces. Gov-
ernor Hubbard, of Maine, was made president of
the -convention, and among the vice presidents
were .Admiral, th^ late Honorable Fuzwilliam
Owen, of New Brunswick, together with the
Mayors of Halifax, St. John, and Frederickton.
The convention continued in session for three
days, and its proceedings, embraced in the laigc
pamphlet before me, are still of deep interest and
significance to the thoughtful mind. It was a
spectacle calculated to move the heart of the
Christian and philanthropist, to sec the represent-
atives of two independent nations in council to-
gether, with the fraternal object in view of pro-
moting their mutual welfare, by the establishment
of a great international highway, jit was, per-
haps, the first event of the kind in the history of
the world, and may be said to mark an epoch in
the progress of civilization.
This international convention,! am happy to
say, was not barren of results. It ^ave expres-
sion to the unanimous sentiment of New England
and of British America; und Ua recommendations
were ingrafted upon the codes of Maine, New
Brunswick, and Nova Scotia. The necessary
charters, were granted, and every influence which
these communities could command was given in
favqr of the great object which the convention had
in view. The State of Maine, at th« next session
of its Legislature, chartered the " European and
North American Railway Company," which au-
thorizes certain persons, therein named, to locate
and construct a railway witli one or more tracks,
4$ from the city of Bangor, crossing Penobscot
river above the Bangor and Biewer bridge, over
the most practicable route in a line to the city of
St. John, in New Brunswick, to the eastern
boundarfyof the State, so as best to connect there
with a railway to be constructed from said city of
St. John to said eastern boundary, under a char-
ter from said province, with a like name as is
used in this charter, as the directors of said corpo-
ration, in the exercise of their bust judgment and
discretion, shnlljudge most favorable and best cal-
culated to promote the public convenience, and
carry into effect the intentions and purposes of
this act."
When this charter was granted, our railway
system was barely begun; and the line which.now
unites Portland and Bangor had only reached
Waterville. Since that day it has been extended
to Milford, several miles east of Bangor, in the
direction of St. John. From Milford to St. John,
the distance is only one hundred and fifty-three
miles, of which eighty-two are in the United
States. The construction of the road over this
brief space is all that remains for us to perform
in the grand enterprise. From New York to St.
John the distance is six hundred and thirty miles;
and over this distance four hundred and seventy-
seven miles of railway arc already in operation,
namely, from New York to Milford, in Maine.
Only one fourth, therefore, of the entire distance
remains to be completed; of which fourth, as I
have just shown, but little more than half remains
to be constructed within our territory. It will de-
volve on New Brunswick to continue the road to
•St. John—-a distance of some seventy miles. Be-
tween the latter place and Halifax, the distance
is two hundred and fifty miles, and a railroad is
in course of construction at both ends, with about
a hundred miles completed.
There remains to be completed, between Hali-
fax and St. John, one hundred and fifty miles of
road; and between the latter point ami Milford,
in Maine, one hundred and fifty-three miles-;
showing an aggregate of only three hundred and
three miles to be constructed of this great inter-
national highway. The country through which
this great line of railway is to pass, though pos-
sessing great capabilities, is yet sparsely settled.
The climate is rigorous, the soil heavily timbered;
and it has, thus far, been outstripped in the race
of progress by the genial regions south and west
of it. But its progress has been steady, and dur-
ing the present century it has increased in pop-
ulation four-fold. To build railroads through,
such a country, without Government aid,is diffi-
cult; and for ordinary local purposes, almost im-
possible. But the European and North Ameri-
can Railway Company was projected with great
international objects in view, which, with such
guarantees of Government patronage as it has a
right to claim from the United States, and from
Great Britain, cannot fail to command the confi-
dence of capitalists. It is for this reason that I
have presented the resolution which has been read
in your hearing, proposing to authorize the Post-
master General to contract with the company for
carrying the mails destined for Europe. With
this stimulus, the road would be built; and,
while the commerce and business interests of the
whole Union would be benefited by the greater
facility of intercourse with Europe, the State of
Maine would be, in the highest degree, stimulated
in all industrial and social enterprises.
If any State in the Union has a claim upon the
peculiar tenderness and favor of the Federal Gov-
ernment, it is Maine, in consequence of the irrep-
arable wrong and injury done to her honor and
interests by the ccssion of her territory to a for-
eign State. She was literally sacrificed to the
supposed or pretended necessities of the Federal
Union; and while her wrongs are ineffaceable, it
behooves the Federal Government to exhibit a
consciousness of error by showing a readiness to
offer redress.
For the reasons I have alluded to, our popula-
tion has increased less rapidly than that of the
western and middle States; but every reflective
mind must be convinced that the material devel-
opment of Maine, as well as the British Prov-
inces, is only a question of time. The region of
country embraced by them is destined,like Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, to
become distinguished for excellence in the arts
and manufactures. Their un^cnial climate will
forbid great agricultural development; and the
hardy and enterprising populations which occupy
them will, with ready facility, turn their atten-
tion to manufactuies and commerce. The great
human tide now flows pa«t us in search of fertile
soils and genial climates; but these tillers of the
rich soils of the West and South are making mar-
kets for the products of the more skillful labor
which is to occupy our more sterile, yet more
healthful northern regions. We are also on the
high road between Europe and America; and
shall not the thoroughfare of nations become the
center of population and civilization ?
U would seem superfluous to enlaigc upon the
utility of an enterprise which will shorten the sea
voyage between New York and Liverpool one
third, and between New York and London, or
Pans, in a still greater proportion. A voyage
across the Atlantic may have its curiosity and in-
terest; butall will agree that it should be abridged
as much as possible, without sacrifice of time
and money. Two thousand miles of sailing will
satisfy thecuriosityof the most enthusiastic lover
of the ocean, while the great majority would be
amply satisfied, particularly in a fit of sea-sick-
ness, with a much shorter voyage. Grand and
beautiful as the mid-ocean may be, for a little
while, it soon produces a feeling of weariness,
and a longing for the sight of laud. The ocean
is at once unstable, and yet monotonous. The
land is firm, yet full of variety.
The European and North American railway
will not only abbreviate the sea voyage, but it will
accomplish w.hat Americans and the commercial
world generally will regard as of still more im-
portance. It will shorten the time required in
traveling between this country and Europe. It
is believed that the voyage between New "York
and London can be made in four days less time
by this contemplated railway, in connection with
the railways across Ireland and England, than by
steamer. On this point 1 present an estimate
made by J. H. Gray, Escj., of St. John, a mem-
ber of the Provincial Parliament. He was a mem-
ber of the Portland convention, and addressed
that body in an interesting speech, from which I
take the following table:
Days. Hours. Min.
From London to Holyhead 263 miles, at '
35 miles par hour, average speed of ex-
press trams, including stoppages  - 7 30
Holyhead to Dublin, 63 miles, at 18 , , .
miles per hour, the present speed of
the channel boats    3 30
Dublin to Galway, 1*20 miles, at 30 miles
per hour     - 4
Galway to I-Iahlax, 2,265 miies, at 16j£
miles per hour, the Cunard boats hav-
ing attained 15^ arid with less weight
of coals, will increase their speed.... 5 11 15
Halifax to boundary between New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia, 120
miles, at 30 miles per hour  4
Through Now Biunswick, via St. John,
to Calais, in Maine, 210 miles, at 30
miles per hour   , 7
From Calais to Wateiville, 155 miles, at
30 miles per hour  - 5 10
Waterville to New York, (line in actual
operation,) 410 miles, at 30 miles* per
hour  13 40
Total running time  7 8 '5
Add 4 hours for delays,transhipment, &c. - 4- -
Whole tune between London and New
York  7 12 5
In connection with this table Mr. Gray made
the following eloquent remarks:
" Such are the practical views in which this great sub-
ject may be regarded ; but if we look at it in the light des-
ignated by the fourth resolution laid before this convention,
it assumes an importance winch language is powerless to
convey. It is no local matter—the highway of the world from
St. Petetsbivrgh to San Francisco. It must ever be without
a competitor, because its geographical position insures it
precedence. It traverses empires, kingdoms, colonies, and
States, for the benefit of all. Connected with the systems
of Europe and Amenqa, us arms embrace the civilized
world; the tie* of brotherhood are fostered by its means; the
humanities of life extend; generous impulses are imparted ;
national differences are forgotten, and tins European and
North Aincncan railway will link the eastern jyid western
worlds togeiher—one great commonwealth of natrons."
The voyage to Europe by this route will be, to
the people of a large portion of the Union, mainly
a land route. The citizen of New Orleans will
have performed more than half the trip before he
leaves terra firma; and the citizens of the remote
interior States, which are to grow up beyond the
Mississippi, will regard the sea voyage of two
thousand miles as an agreeable change in the
mode of conveyance.
The people of all parts of the Union will be in-
terested in the accomplishment of this great enter-
prise; and I cannot imagine a locality, the citizens
of which would not prefer what I may designate
the land route, to the long sea voyage by way of
New York, or any place south o* it.
But to New England and the northern tier of
States, it will be peculiarly important. To the
citizens of the middle and southern States, New
Yotk is directly in the way to Europe; and al-
though, for the reasons stated, they would prefer
passing on nearly a thousand miles further before
embarking on the ocean, they have the consola-
tion of knowing that they are not going out of
the way, or a contrary direction, when they go to
New ^ork for the purpose of taking a packet for
Ltvi rpool. But the New Englander, or the north-
ern New Yorker, is further from Liverpool when
he arrives at New York city than when lie left
home; and the northwestern man—even the wtst-
ern New Yorker—has only approximated the
plucc of his destination by a circuitous route. The
inhabitant of Bangor could reach Louisburg, if
