1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GL0BE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
European and North American Railway—Mr. Foster.'
Ho. of Reps.
the European and North American railway were
completed, as soon as he can now reach New York;
so that the want of this road compels him to travel
nearly a thousand miles out of his way.
But, sir, the construction of this road would
draw a large.share, and, indeed, the great major-
ity, of the Canadian travel to Europe, through the
State of Maine; and thus bring a large contribu-
tion to the support of our internal improvements
and prosperity. We have already a railroad con-
nection between our principal sea-port—Portland
—and the principal cities of Canada—Montreal
and Gluebec. By the construction of the proposed
road, we infallibly secure an immense amount of
travel through Maine, which now, for the most
part, sails- directly from Gluebec; and which will,
111 a few years, unless we anticipate them, go by
rail from Quebec to St. John, in New Brunswick,
and thence on to Halifax. We should take time
by the forelock, and direct this stream of com-
merce and travel through our own territory, be-
fore it is too late.
I will briefly recapitulate the advantages which
must result from the completion of the Euro-
pean and North American railway; and will en-
deavor to show the propriety of extending to it
the friendly aid of Government.
In the first place, it will facilitate commercial
intercourse between Europe and America, by
shortening the time which is now necessary in
conveying letters and passengers. The saving of
time, as 1 have shown, will be something like
four days, or one third of the time ordinarily con-
sumed in the passage. The importance of this
matter of time in commercial transactions, 1 need
not enlarge upon; but I may say that the abrevi-
ation of time is fully as important to commerce
as the reduction of expense. This we see illus-
trated every day m the history of our railroad
enterprises. The railroad is a more expensive
mode of conveyance for travelers, or for the ob-
jects of commerce, than the canal or the steam-
boat; but, such is the importance of expedition,
that the more expensive but more rapid mode of
conveyance is preferred to that which is cheaper
but slower. Whenever the value of an article will
bear the expense, it is always carried by railroad;
and it is only bulky articles, such as grain, coal,
lumber, and the like, which are carried by canals
in competition with railroads. Indeed, the rail-
roads of New York, as well as the Baltimoie and
Ohio railroad, are successfully competing with the
canals in the transportation of these heavy arti-
cles. As to traveling, a man could not bo hired,
now-a-days, to take a canal boat from Albany to
Buffalo, although it was once a greatand highly-
prized thoroughfare. Even the steamboat, with
its palafial accommodations, can no longer cope
with the railroad in the conveyance of passengers.
I will not undertake to maintain that any con-
siderable portion of the commerce between New
York and Liverpool would be conveyed over the
contemplated load to Halifax or Loutsburg, but
that it would monopolize the travel, there can be
no doubt; and all we ask is, that the Government
should give a guarantee to the enterprise by con-
tracting in advance with the company for the
transportation of the mails. We asic nothing
more than your Pacific Railroad bills propose as
an inducement to the construction of a thorough-
fare across the continent; and, sir, 1 hold that the
European and Not th American road is a neces
sary link in the chain which is to unite the East
with the West, and to make our favored land the
highway of nations. Why, sir, do you propose
to build a Pacific railroad, and why do you pro-
pose to give the postal revenue as a guarantee to
the company which may undertake the work? Is
it not to give celerity to our commercial and so-
cial intercourse with the Pacific coast, and with
the great empires of Asia? Then, there is the
same reason for quickening intercourse with Eu-
rope, and the same justice and propriety in ex-
tending governmental aid to the eastern, as to the
western, end of the international highway.
I need not undertake to prove that the com-
merce, the correspondence, and the travel, be-
tween these shores and those of Europe, are ten-
fold greater than those between the Atlantic and
Pacific sides of this continent. There is, there-
fore, a ten-fold greater reason for the proposed
abridgment of time and distance. The objection
that a part of the proposed route to Europe is
through the British Provinces,is met by the long
and persevering efforts of the Federal Government
to acquire the Tehuantepec and Nicaragua routes
to the Pacific, through Mexico and Central Amer-
ica. The Federal Government is estopped from
urging any such plea in excuse for withholding
its aid to the European and North American
road. - - '
It is fair to presume that all the bulky commodi-
ties of commerce would continue to go the whole
distance between the great commercial emporiums
of Europe and America, by water, while the
lighter and more valuable articles, such as bullion,
jewelry, and fine silk goods, laces, &c., would be
sent by the safer and more expeditious route,
which involves the shortest and speediest passage
of the ocean.
The contemplated road would also carry a still
larger share of the commerce of Maine, New
Brunswick, and Nova Scotia; and I may remark
that the way-travel and transportation upon this
road, which I assume will be eventually built,
either with or without the aid and encouragement
of the Federal Government, is destined to grow
into great importance. These communities are
yet in their infancy; and are destined to become
powerful and populous, as the older portions of
New England now are.
Sir, we have heard much of " manifest desti-
ny." Wc arc told that the people of the United
States are destined toabsorb andannexthe whole
continent of North America, if no more; but I am
sorry that all efforts at annexation have hitherto
been made in but one direction. We acquired
Louisiana and Florida, and Texas and Califor-
nia, in order to extend and round off our south-
ern and southwestern frontiers; and that portion
of the Louisiana puichase which jutted up into
the icy regions of the North was gratuitously
ceded away to England, in order, I suppose, to
give symmetry to the northwestern outline. Our
goodly State, which loomed up like a cone to the
northeast, was in like manner subjected to the
same laws of taste, and rudely pruned down to j
the required standard of beauty.
Gentlemen talk patriotically of extending the
area of freedom. They desire Cuba and Mexico,
they would have us to believe, merely for the
purpose of extending the field of commercial en-
terpiise, and of adding to the national resources.
No sinister or sectional or selfish purpose lurks
beneath their patriotic tropes and figures of rhet-
oric ; yet, by some strange fatality, they never
turn their vision to the northward. I invite tliern
to look in the direction of the north pole for once.
They will find a great and powerful nation grow- J
mg up on our northern border, whose vast and
valuable possessions extend from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, and from the St. Lawrence to the pole. 1
This young empire, wholly Caucasian in origin, ,
and for the most part Anglo-Saxon, is already i
more populous, more wealthy, and more power- j
ful than the United States were on the day they |
declared independence of Great Britain; nay, sir, '
more powerful than these States were when they ;
entered into44 a more perfect Union," under the ,
present Constitution, and inaugurated Washing- ■
ton as President. {
Sir, we have a proposition before us to purchase i
Cuba at a cost of §125,000,000. We are told that !
Cuba is the gateway of the Gulf of Mexico, and
there exists a political necessity for its acquist- !
tion. Now, I will not stop to inquire into the .
truth of this plea of necessity; but what I under- '
take to say is, that there is far more " necessity,"
in a military as well as a commercial point of
view, for the acquisition of the mouth of the St.
Lawrence. The plea for the acquisition of Louis-
iana was the necessity of having free egress and
ingress at the mouth of the Mississippi; and the
incipient State of Kentucky, before its admission
into the Union, plotted and intrigued, and threat-
ened to separate fiom the Union unless this priv-
ilege was secured. The complaints of the South-
west were listened to, and at a cost of §15,000,000
the mouth of the Mississippi was purchased,
together with a territory as large as all the rest of
the United States.
Now, mark the difference. We own the upper
waters of the St. Lawrence for several hundred
miles. We have all immense internal comnieice
on the lakes, the sources of that great river, butwe
cannot proceed with our ships'and. steamboats .to
the ocean without the consent of a foreign nation.
If the possession of the mouth of the Mississippi
was necessary to the well-beingso"f the Southwest,
is not the possession of the St. Lawrence equally
necessary to the welfare.of the Northwest?. .-But,
sir, if the people of the Northwest were seriously
to come to' Washington with a memorial.' to' this
effect, they would be la.ughed out of court., 4t
would be regarded as the height of presumptioif
in a northern State to demand what the -Federal
Government is ever ready to concede to the South.
The St. Lawrence is the gateway of the great
lakes. Its possession, and the annexation of the
great and flourishing communities on its bairka,
and in the vicinityof itsoutletto the ocean,"would
add far more, in a commercial point of view, to the
nation, than the acquisition of Cuba can do. In
a military and political aspect, the cases ad-mitof
nocomparision. The British provinces'would add
so much strength to the Union—the annexation
of Cuba so much weakness.
But, sir, the contrast goes further. The British
provinces are homogeneous with our States; they
speak our language; have our manners, customs,
religion, and free institutions;and their admission
into the Union would give stability and consist-
ency to our political fabric. Cuba, oh the other
hand, has been trained for centuries under ths
most galling despotism, with an established re-
ligion different from our own; with a language
wholly different; and with manners and customs
equally so. Now, sir, is it not strange, in the
face of these indisputable %;ts, that " manifest
destiny"and " political necessity" point, as un-
erringly as the needle to the pole, to the'acquisi-
tion of this baibarous, besotted, slave-ridden,
Spanish colony, and turn away coldly from the
idea of admitting the free, enlightened, and vir-
tuous communities north of us, into our Union?
Sir, it is not my purpose to ask for the annex-
ation of the British provinces; but I do insist that
it is the duty of the Federal Government to
strengthen the ties that bind us to those provinces,
by facilitating the construction of railroads'lead-
ing into them. You have forced us into a treaty
ot reciprocity with them,and you should nowhelp
us in the construction of a great international
highway which may inure to tile mutual advant-
age of both parties.
L would not be understood as claiming the
right to annex forcibly the British Provinces to
the United States. They are a free people, with
as much right to determine that matter as we
have. My purpose, in ulluding to the subject,
has been merely to illustrate the policy ot south-
ern sectional favoritism which has been pursued
by this Government for forty or fifty years past.
It is our policy to court and encouiage the most
intimate relations with our British neighbors,
looking forward to their eventual independence,
or union with us, as a matter of mutual choice
1 and advantage.
: Before closing, I will briefly refer to the opin.-
ions of leading minds in this country, outside of
i New England, in reference to the feasibility and
importance of the European'and North Ameri-
can railway. I begin with the following letter
from the Hon. R. J. Walker. It is so much in
point, and conies from so high and so intelligent
a souicc, that I will read the letter entire:
Scuooley's Mountain. Ntiw Jersey,
Jlugust 9, ] 850.
Sir: Your letter of the 22d of July, addressed, to me at
1 Washington city, readied me ye>lerday at this place. It
! \va< ihfref<ne not in my pow^i to comply with the request
made by tne committee, in your name, to attend and ad-
dip^sthc convention held at Portland, on the 31st ultimo,
with a view to Hie continuation of the GieatEastern rail-
way fiom vour city to some point in Nova Scotia, nearest
: to Great Britain and Ireland. This would, indeed, be a
, work of vast importance, not only to your own State and
! C!tv to Nova Scotia and Now Brunftwick, but to the whole
' Anieucan Union, and to all the continents ot the Old World.
: It is hoped, with the improvements now being made in
: steamer*, it might bring some good harbor in Ireland within
' fiva days of our American sttore-i. It would gieatiy enlarge
I international cQimneice, and become a new bond to pre-
serve the peace oft he world. It would mtreafe our exports?
to the Uini-ii Piovinces> and to Europe, with a: correspond-
ing augmentation of import* and revenue. rnvould bring Eu-
rope >o n*ai to Ameiicathat it would greatly facilitate the
expoit and diffusion abroad of om republican principles,
without any diminution or deterioiation of the supply leit
for domestic coiis-umption. It would lifts ten the American-
ization of New Btun-wick and NTuva Scotia, and antedate
