19ft
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
■ Fanaticism of the Democratic Party—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. op Reps.
the period when both those provinces, with their own cheer-
ful assent, and that of Gieat Britain and this Government,
Would fulfill their destiny by becoming States of the Amer-
ican Union.- It Would greatly facilitate and increase the in-
tercourse, as well as commerce, between the Old and New
World. It would vastly augment emigration from Europe
to America, with a corresponding increase of wealth and
capita), . .
1 cannot doubt but that the present enlightened ministry
of Great Britain, the great advocates of a liberal commercial
policy, will aid this noble enterprise \ that our Government
will extend to it all proper facilities by mail arrangements
and otherwise; and that the rest will be accomplished by
the well-known energy of New England, aided by the co-
operation of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.
From the increased speed, it seems to me that the mail
and passengers, between both countries, must generally be
cairied by this loute, as also light articles of great value.
With great regard, I have the honor to be your-obedient
servant, R.J. WALKER.
John A. Poor, Esq., Portland, Maine.
Mr. Chairman, I have omitted to consider the
the question of constructing this road io a military
point of view, although I have adverted to that
subject in another aspect. I am reminded of the
omission by the following extract of a letter from
Lieutenant Maury, it will be seen that he goes
beyond what my resolution proposes; and that,
regarding the contemplated railroad as an import-
ant adjunct of our military defenses, he recom-
mends an appropriation of the public lands to aid
in its construction. 1 will not dwell upon a con-
sideration which must be obvious to the plainest
understanding. Lieutenant Maury, writing from
the National Observatory, in this city, under date
of July 24, 1850, to Mr. Poor, as a member of
the corresponding committee, says: .
"Now, with the power which this railroad would give
you to draw an anuy, if need be, fiom the gieat valley of
the West, and, in two diSPs, march it all the way by steam
lrom Memphis, on the Mississippi, to the frontier of Maine,
or even into foreign territory; with such a power, what do
the people of Maine want with any torts and castles, ex-
cept such as may be nece.-sary to protect her sea-port towns
ftom the great guns of big ships ?"
He continues:
"Seeing, therefore, the important part which railroads
are performing and will perforin in the system of national
defenses; seeing that one o( the principal objects which
moved our fathers to form this Union, was'the better topio-
viite for the common defeu.se and seeing that the public
tends are a common fund which is being squandered, I am
of opinion that a more righteous, wise, and beneficent dis-
position could not be made o! poitions of these lands, than
to apply them to aid in the cotistiuciion of lailroads and
other works which provide so etl'ectuallyas railways do for
the common <lefente.
"It would, in my judgment, be wise in Congress to give
to your contemplated railway,and all like it,a grautot pub-
lic lands on some such conditions as the«e: These lands to
be selected by the company and ehaiged to it at one half the
Government price, without interest during the construction
of the road. But the company should be obligated, foi and
in consideration ot such grant, to transpoit, fiee of chaige,
all troops and munitions of war that the Government, in
time of war. bhould desire to scud over it 5 and to let the
interest annually accruing on the amount with which the
company is charged on accountof the lands, go in part pay-
ment tor servicestendeied in cariymg the mail in uineb of
{Hmce. Thus, you observe, that the public lands might by
these means be converted through rashoadsinto a beautiful
system of national defenses in war; and also made, m tunes
of peace, to serve as a source of revenue forever, by assist-
ing the Post Office expenses."
Professor Bache, writing under date of July 20,
1850, from Philadelphia, said:
" i have read the pamphlet attentively, and examined the
map by which us statements aie illustrated; and.it ap-
peals to me, the plan i* feasible; and, if pro&ccuted in a
liberal spirit to completion, the route formed for England
would be preferred by passengers and tor costly ft eight.
Comparing the route between New Yoik and Liveipool by
steamer*, and the route between those emus by the pro-
posed plan, the distance traveled would not be very differ-
ent; bur, by the pioposed mute, about one thousand miles
ot the distance would be accomplished on railioads, and at
a speed at least double that of ocean steamers. Thu<, the
passage between the two cities would be shortened in tune
by tlie proposed ioute. and the sea vojage abridged one
thud."
Mr. Fillmore, then President of the United
States, wi'iting from Washington under date of
July 27, 1850, said:
" I trust that your proposed convention may be produc-
tive of the most happy results, and that tlnough it another
link may be added to that chain which is binding mote
closely the great commercial interests of this continent and
Europe."
Among the distinguished New Englanders who
expressed by letter their cordial sympathy with
the enterprise, were Mr. Everett, the late Judge
Woodbury, and Dr. Charles T. Jackson. Among
those present at the Portland convention, and
taking an active part in its deliberations, was the
Hon. John Appleton, of Maine, at present As-
sistant Secretary of State.
I mention these facts in order to show that the
proposition which I have submitted for .your con-
sideration is one which enlists the ardent support
of New England, without distinction of parties.
It is a matter in which the northeastern section
of the Union js specially interested; but I think
I have shown that it is, at the same time, calcu-
lated to promote the common welfare of the whole
Union.
RemarTis made by Hon. Stephen V. Foster, in the House
of Represcntatives 'of the State of Maine, May 14,1847:
Mr. Foster said it would be perceived that this order
contemplates nothing; more than an inquiry or investiga-
tion, and the collection of statistics upon an important en~
teiprise, interesting to the whole State. He had regauled
our State as behind the age in these great enterprises. Va-
rious projects are now ou foot lor the construction of rail-
roads, but none of them contemplated goins;, at present,
fui ther east than the middle of the State. The east needs,
and the interest of the whole State will be promoted by the
construction of, a railroad the whole length of the State.
No one, he presumed, entertained a doubt, that if a road
was now constructed to the city of Bangor, the stock would
pay. It js some ninety miles, over a level countiy, from
Bangor to Calais, situated at the head of navigable waters
upon the river St. Croix, and through Calais and the neigh-
boring town of St. Stephens'—nnpoitaut and growing towns,
and surrounded by a country that is rapidly increasing m
population and wealth.
It was evident that, for some time to come, the trans-
portation and travel would not support a railroad. The dis-
tance from Calais to some point on the river St. John does
not vary much from sixty miles, over a very level country.
The St. John river, considering its numeious tributaries,
is one of the finest rivers in North America, running tiom
its source in this rttate, some foui hundred miles to the sea,
at the city of .St. John ; about one hundred and fifty miles
ol which distune**, with several of its tributaries, are 111
our own State ; this portion of tho State is rapidly settling,
and the liat ural outlet is tlnough the St. John.
The St. John is navigable foi laige steamers ninety miles
to the capital. (Frederickston,) and some one hundred and
thiity-two miles luithei, to the Grand Falls, lor a smaller
class of steamers. And there is also 51 laige extent of good
navigable water above the falls. The city of St. John,
winch is well located for a large city, is already a city of
considerable importance, and rapidly incieasmg in popula-
tion and wealth; and though theie had been an impres-
sion that there was a gieat want of enterprise m hei Ma-
jesty's Provinces, yet m St. John, m one partictilat at least
—her navigating or shipping interest—she w not behind any
of our commercial cities. The Piovmee of New Brui^vviek
is rich 111 natural resources; and with iier good foil, tint;
livers and haibors, and many natural advantages, and last,
not least, her >-ober, moral, and industrious population, must
inevitably go on prosperously foi a long peiiod to come. The
great .and giovvmg interests of tins Piovniee have been
greatly umiei rated. The time required to run from St. John,
or Fiederiekton, to Boston, would not vaty much from
twenty houn; and this would probably be the shortest and
bent mode of communication with Great Britain. X iepu«it,
Mr. Speaker, this order contemplates nothing more than an
inquiry into the lacts, col.ecting the statistics, and extend-
ing an invitation to the citizens ot her Majesty's Piovmee
to interest themselves in the enterprise with u  ; and when
the facts shall be so collected, and piesented in a tangible
form, competent judges will be able to make a tolerably cor-
rect estimate whether the trai^portauou and travel m the
American teiritory, between the Penobscot and St. Croix,
on the upper St. John, and the British tiavel and transport-
ation in the Province of New Brunswick, and that portion
of Nova Scotia which would natuiaily pass over it, and
peihaps some remote travel from Punee Fidwaid Island,
together with the consideration of the increased travel it
would give the whole western po-tion of the road, will be
s-ufl'ioient to warrant the construction of the proposed rail-
road.
[Mr. F. moved to lay the order on the tuble. The motion
piev.ulcd.j  
FANATICISM OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTS'.
■ SPEECH OF HON. OWEN LOYEJOY,
OF ILLINOIS,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1859.
i; The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
! I state of the Union—
'i Mr. LOVEJOY said:
I Mr. Chairman: Within the last five lustrums,
ii a strange fanaticism has made its appearance in
I' this country—a fanaticism at once monstrous and
i; malign. Twenty-five years ago, by univeral sen-
timcnt of the country, slavery was deemed a
i! moial, social, and political evil; a wrong to the
j slave, an injury to the owner, a blight on the soil,
a detriment to all the best interests ofthecommu-
, nines or States where it was found, and, in its
leflox influence, a reproach and damage to the
;; whole country. By many, it may be, this evil
was considered incutable, but still an evil. But
within the period indicated, a different sentiment
i; has sprung up. This fanaticism deems slavery
1: not an evil, but ti blessing.
Formerly by all, and still by all right-thinking
men,'slavery was regarded as a hag—ugly, de-
formed, wrinkled,and covered with the daub and
paint of harlotry *, but now we are told it is an
angel of beauty, a virgin decked in bridal attire,
to be gazed on with complacency and love ! Can-
didates who aspire to gubernatorial'honors are
made to renounce opinions held a quarter of a
century ago, and give in their adhesion to this
new dogma, to wit: that slavery is a blessing. It
is not any longer the question how a cancer can
be cured—whether by knife or caustic, or other
remedial agencies; but to have a cancer is now
proclaimed to be a sound and normal condition of
the human system, the highest type of health,
and, if on the face, an ornament and beauty spot.
Every one, to enjoy perfect health, must have
this form of disease gnawing at his vitals. The
spirit of this fanaticism has taken possession of
the Democratic party, and worked "therein a won-
derful and almost incredible transformation; for,
since the Ages drew up the reins and started on
their journey, I do not suppose they have wit-
nessed such a stupendous lie as the Democratic
party now is. 1 speak of the organization, with-
out any reference to the individuals who compose
the party. " From the sole of the foot even unto
the head, there is no soundness in it; but wounds,
and bruises, and putrefying sores: they have not
been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified
with ointment"—unmedicatecl and unbandaged,
it drips with its fetid putrescence.
Look at the President's message, now under
discussion. It is instinct with simulation and
deceit. Professedly he dcprecates the discussion
and agitation of the slavery question, and yet the
whole of the message is engrossed with it. Not
a leading topic of that State paper that has not a
direct or remote bearing on it. What do we want
of another slice from Mexico ? Is our population
pressing against our boundaries? Let the vast
regions within our present limits yet unoccupied,
and which will not be occupied for the next half
century, answer thatquestion. Why, then, does
the Executive urge the acquisition of more of
the Mexican domain ? It is that slavery and dis-
union, twin-born of darkness, may have a rail-car
in which to ride. This is openly avowed, in the
other end of the Capitol. What is that part of
the message relating to Kansas, but the querulous
last word of an old man, whose pro-slavery pol-
icy had been condemned by the country ? What
occasion is there for the doleful tone of the mes-
sage in regard to the future decadence of the Re-
public, winch has given rise in Europe to so many
prophecies of ill omen in regard to our future?
How eagerly the advocates of despotic govern-
ment catch up this Democratic slander, and fore-
tell the downfall of our free institutions 1
But what is the trouble? Is there any disloy-
alty to the Union among the Republicans, or in-
deed among any ciass in the free States? No.
Any disaffection toward our principles of Gov-
ernment? None. What, then, has excited the
fearsof this urbane and hospitable old gentleman ?
Did the Chief indite the message under the influ-
ence of too deep potations from the distillations
of rye? £Jo one believes this. The slavery-
extending policy of the Administration had re-
ceived a terrible rebuke from the people. They
had repudiated the President's Sancho Panza, the
autocrat of the dinner table: and the poor man,
| shocked and bewildered, and tearing his locks,
like King Lear, thought the Government was
falling to pieces, because slavery propagandists
had been reprobated by the popular vote Hinc
lachrymal Be comforted, venerable Chief! it
is not the free institutions of our country, but the
pro-slavery Demociacy, that is falling asunder,
like a pioce of limestone when water is poured
on it. So also in regard to Cuba. The real ob-
ject of us purchase is not the avowed one. It is
governed by a race who do not speak our lan-
guage, who are unused to self-govei nment who
have, and if annexed as States will continue to
have, an established form of religion, or Church
and State united; but, m spite of all, we are asked
to purchase this island, and to place $30.1)00,000
in the hands of the Executive, to begm the
negotiations—that is, to buy up the officials!
Does any one believe that it 13 fur the benefit of
commerce, or the safety of navigation, that we
