1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Fanaticism of the Democratic Party—-Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
are asked to do all this? If so, why not seek to
purchase the British West Indies? Have we not
as much to fear from England as from "Spain?
And where is Canada and the other British pos-
sessions, that stretch all along- our northern fron-
tier, from the Atlantic to the Pacific? No; it is
not for the benefit of commerce, nor to guard
against invasion, that we are asked to purchase
Cuba; but it is*for the benefit of slave-breeders
and human-flesh mongers. And yet these Dem-
ocrats profess that they want to get slavery out
of national politics. Would to God they were
sincere! Would to Heaven this beast of prey
would take the carcass of the slain into its lair!
It might gnaw the flesh and craunch the bones
without molestation from me! But instead of
that, it asks me to hold its victim while it sucks
the blood. But this, God helping me, I never
.will do. Take your pound of flesh, if it is so
nominated in the bond, but do not ask for the
blood as well.
Read over the whole message, and you will find
its entire texture to be slavery. Every topic is
discussed with reference to its bearings on the
subject of slavery. And yetthe Democrats, with
an impudence that challenges our admiration for
its sublimity, turn to us, and say, " Do not agitate
the subject.' ' Do not keep up this sectional strife !
To agitate, to legislate, to make treaties, to annex
territory, to purchase empires, for slavery, is all
right; but to do anything against slavery is wrong
and sectional.
And here is another phase of this fanatical
spirit, which has taken up its dwelling-place in
the Democratic party. It identifies slavery with
the nation, and especially with the South.
Now, I am reckoned as ultra and extreme as
most on this subject, and yet no one has ever
heard me say anything against the South. It is
only against slavery that I have spoken, and I
propose to assail that only in those modes justi-
fied by the Constitution; yet I am sectional, and
Republicans are sectional. When they only seek
to prevent the extension of a system which is
under the ban of the civilized world, they are
charged with being sectional. In Illinois, we have
supped full of this horror. And what is the proof?
Oh, we have no delegates from slave States to at- j
tend our national nominating conventions ! Why !
have we none? Mark ! because, if delegates attend j
these conventions they are mobbed and driven '
into exile. What if we, in the free States, should :
say to the Democrats, " if you attend the Charles- !
ton convention we will hangyou," and thus keep i
them all at home, and then reproach them with j
being a sectional party, because oniy the slave !
States were represented? "Well, you have no
votes in the slave States; your principles do not j
'circulate with us at all; you dare not even pro- ;
claim your doctrines among us." j
And why do nor our principles circulate in the i
slave States? They used to, for they are the prin- j
ciples of Washington and Franklin and other
founders of the Republic. The reason why our
principles do not circulate in the slave States is, j
that this despotism has, like another Napoleon, :
crushed out the freedom of speech and of the
preto. Allow us free access to the minds of the j
non-slaveholders of the South, and in one year we ]
would have more Republican votes, in proportion, j
in the slave States, than there are Democratic j
votes m the free States. " Your principles do not 1
circulate down here," boasts the slavery propa-
gandist. Sacred history tells us of a certain rich
man who died, and who was very unfortunate in
the selection of a future home; but, though an im-
passable gulf spread itself between him and a bet-
ter world, it seems he could converse with those
more happily situated. Supposing, now, this man
should lift up his voice, and send it booming
across the chasm that yawns between Heaven and
Hell, and say, "Ho! Abraham, Isaac, Gabriel,
and you celestials generally: you are a sectional
party up there; your principles do not circulate
down here." And why does not Heaven's truth
circulate down there? Because the inmates are
so wicked that they will not tolerate the presence
of any angel preacher. This man must have been
a good, sound, national Democrat. And so, I
suppose, was that illustrious personage whom
Milton has described as bridging the chasm that
spread between earth and the placfe of his exile,
and who claimed the right of carrying the local
institutions of his realm into Paradise.
And this reminds me to say that the Democratic
party, led on by this insane fanaticism, which
holds slavery to be morally right, under the guid-
ance of a political harlequin and trickster, has pro-
claimed the constitutional right of slavery to go
into the Territories without let or hinderance.
Plighted national faith is broken and dishonored !
Principlesonce declared sacred by this very leader,
and said to be canonized in the hearts of the
American people, are ruthlessly and recklessly
trampled under foot. We had an angel of liberty ;
stationed at the portals of our Territories. For j
thirty years this sentinel had kept watch and
ward, and guarded that magnificent domain as the
heritage of freedom, and, with the flaming sword
of the ordinance of the patriots of the olden time,
kept out slavery from this Eden. Who chased !
away this angel, and broke down the walls that j
inclosed that empire, consecrated to the sons and
daughters of freedom as a dwelling-place and
home, as long as the sun.and moon should en-
dure? Who did this ruthless, reckless, damnable
work ? The Democratic party, under the leader-
ship of the individual I nave indicated. Under
wrhat plea was slavery thus allowed to enter m
and ravage the heritage of freedom ? On the same
ground that the madman opens the pest-house to
let leprosy, plague, and cholera, rush forth, as did
the winds from the fabulous cave, to walk at mid-
night and waste at noonday. A man with a con-
tagious disease must not stay in his own house, i
nor be confined in the hospital; but must be al- i
lowed to roam abroad, to spread disease and death j
among his fellow-men! What is this, but the j
veriest madness that ever reigned in Bedlam? I '
know it is said that there are two wings to the !
Democratic party. I am aware of that; and I '
know, also, that both wings belong to the same ■
vulture; and, although one has been slightly out !
of joint, it has now got back to its place, and both
will flap in unison, to bear the carrion bird back !
to gorge and fatten on the carcass where it has !
gorged and fattened so long. j
But the strangest and most impious phase of;
this fanaticism is, that it claims the sanction of
the Bible for American slavery. I have neither
time nor disposition to enter into a philological
argument on this question. I shall not ransack
Greek lexicons ana musty manuscripts to ascer-
tain the precise etymological force of the Greek
words translated servant in the Bible. And as for
the grand old Hebrew, m which the ancient Scrip-
tures were written, it has no word which de-
scribes or recognizes a human being as a piece of ]
property. Before quoting chapter or verse, I de- ;
aire to say a few words having a general bearing i
on this subject. The theocratic charter granted j
to the Jews was exclusive, and constituted them i
a kind of close corporation, with peculiar privi- i
leges as a commonwealth. But all those unusual j
franchises were bestowed upon them on the ex- |
press condition that they should comply with a I
prescribed ritual. God explicitly declared that !
he would slay every native-born Jew that did not
comply with the provisions oftheir charter. Now,
I desire to inquire of those who claim the right to
hold slaves under this old charter given to the
Jews, have you complied with the requisitions
of that charter? Do you abstain from Virginia
ham and other swine a flesh? Do you observe
the new moons, the Sabbaths, circumcision, and
the appointed feasts? If not, you are no Jew,
and are not entitled to the franchises of a Jew;
but on the other hand you belong to the Gentile
race, who, according to your theory, were of
right made slaves. If the advocates of slavery
choose to go back, and place themselves under a
code of laws given to a race of men evidently yet
in a state of barbarism, let them take the whole
code, and abide by it, and obey it. Another state- j
ment: if the Bible sanctions slavery at all, it is j
the enslavement of white men. No one pretends |i
that the servants spoken of in the Bible were jj
blacks. The Roman slave was not a black man. ;[
The Hebrew servant was not a black man. The
question is, whether the laboring man, white or
black, may rightfully be enslaved?
I may us well notice, here, that worn-out quo- ,
tation erroneously placed on Ham. Noah planted j|
a vineyard, raised some grapes, made some wine, !!
and got drunk. When he waked up, still fuddled
with the fumes of the wine, soffio voce* so Confused
he did not know his son from his grandson, he
uttered the malediction-, "cursed be Canaan,"
not Ham, who had been guilty of ttoe wijong*
And now, in the blaze of the nineteenth century,
with the radiance of Christianity shiniftg around,
Democrats go mousing back five thousand years
to learn the basis of human rights from the lips,
of a man still half drunk. u Cursed be Canaan,"
is evermore the refrain of Democratic minstrelsy*
And now to the Bible. I will not detain the
committee long, for I have ho patience with the
impiety that attempts to throw the sanction of this
holy bo<?k around the diabolical system of Amer-
ican slavery. What says this inspired volume?
" Thou shalt not steal!' Brief, comprehensive,
and to the point. This must be taken from the
Bible, before it can be made to sanction slavery.
Does this forbid my taking my neighbor's horse,
but allow me to reduce the man to a slave, and
then claim them both? How much better is a
mas than a sheep ? If I am told that slavery is
not tjieft, because the felonious intent is not there,
I reply, as the gentleman from Georgia replied,
who has, in former years, on this floor, attempted
to justify slavery on the authority of the Scrip-
tures. He declared that the act of Paulding in
arresting the marauder, Walker, was an act of
robbery. Some one replied, that it could not he
robbery, for there was no felonious intent. The
gentleman from Georgia rejoined, "I said rob-
bery; I did not say legal robbery." So I say
theft; I do not say legal theft, or theft in the legal
sense. We are talking about the moral, not the
legal, character of slavery. The title to every
slave originated in violence and robbery, and its
continuance has no other moral character. There
can be no mistake about the rightful ownership
of a human being. Ho belongs to himself. Be-
cause my father or mother was reduced to the
condition of a slave, does that justify my being
reduced to the same condition of brutism? Does
the continuence of a wrong take away its guilt?
I repeat, there can be no doubt as to the owner-
ship of any human being. The title is in himself.
To take it from him is robbery.
But we have a specific statute on this subject.
" He that stcaleth a man and selleth him, or if
he be found in his hands," that is, in his posses-
sion, " he shall surely be put to death." This en-
actment takes this transaction out of the catalogue
of ordinary crime, and brands it with peculiar
reprobation. Other forms of theft could be atoned
for by returning four-fold; this claimed the forfeit-
ure of life itself, thus making it a capital offense.
No squirming of sophistry can get round this.
There it stands, the estimate of the Jewish Scrip-
tures of the crime of trafficking in human flesh.
So once thouglft the Presbyterian Church, when
they declared slaveholding to be a violation of the
eighth commandment. So thought President Ed-
wards, when he declared the slaveholder guilty
of man-stealing every day. This was the con-
stitutional law of the Jewish Commonwealth. No
other statute could contravene it, any more than
a State or territorial law could annul a provision
of the Constitution of the United States. All the
instances of buying and selling relied upon by the
advocates of slavery, are confined to the person
bought and the person sold, A person " falling
into decay" sold himself, notas a chattel or slave,
but as a servant for a term of years; and when
the jubilee came round, liberty was proclaimed
throughout all the land, to all the inhabitants
thereof. When there was a failure on the part of
the people to proclaim this liberty, promised and
secured by law, then God proclaimed a liberty to
them to the sword and to the pestilence, and those
other judgments that fell swift and terrific from
the hand of an incensed God. It was this provi-
dential retribution which made Jefferson tremble
for his country, when he remembered that God
was just, and that his justice would not sleep for-
ever. In the uprising of those oppressed millions,
he averred that no attribute of Jehovah could take
sides with the oppressor.
" Honor thy father and thy mother," is the re-
quirement of the Bible. Slavery utterly annuls
this command. The owner claims honor and
obedience, to the utter disregard of parental au-
thority and parental claims. Who ever thinks of
