1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
American privateer, that she was bound to make
good. So much for the question of law.
Now, sir, as to what tell from the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, I do not know upon what
grounds gentlemen may rest this claim m their
own judgment. I do not rest the claim upon any
ground that it is the duty of this Government
■either to see that bona fide claims against foreign
Governments are made good, or pay them. The
relation between the citizen and Government, as
I understand, is only this: the Government is
bound to protect its citizens, and to a certain -ex-
tent it is bound to prosecute a claim, to make a
demand for it, and through judicious and appro-
priate means to enforce it; and that embraces, I
freely admit, the right to refer it. The claimant
cannot complain if it is referred even against his
own will, because he submitted it to his Govern-
ment, and theGovernmenr is not hound to make
war in order to effect restitution. But, as to those
millions of dollars to which the honorable Sena-
tor refers, I have no doubt, from my little knowl-
edge of the unsettled claims agamst foreign Gov-
ernments, that there are millions of dollars at this
moment; and whether they h$ve been prosecuted
diligently or not I do not know; but I utterly deny
that there is any responsibility on this Govern-
ment to make good those claims in mass or in de-
tail, unless something more shall be shown than
the inability of the Government to effect a pay-
ment. That is not the question here, as I under-
stand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the honorable Sena-
tor permit me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr BENJAMIN. I put to him this proposi-
tion: suppose,in the argumenton this very claim,
our Secretary of State had been satisfied that this
Government was wiong in pressing the claim, but
it was an error of judgment on his part; and
thereupon he had declared to Poitugal that the
Government would no longer press the claim,
deeming it unjust: undoubtedly, in all subse-
quent negotiation, that declaration would have
been made use of by Portugal as an estoppel from
any claim on the partof tins Government. Does
the honorable Senator hold that the Government
of the United States would be bound to indem-
nify the private claimants for the error of law of
the Department of State ?
Mr. MASON. Certainly not. I do not hold
it in debate here at all, or hold it m fact. There
is no responsibility in the Government to pay it.
"Whether it fails to prosecute it, or commits an
error in negotiation, certainly no liability can be
pretended. The claim here, as I had the honor
to state to the Senate a short time ago, was re-
ported upon by the colleague of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana upon its meats. That
is to say, not as a legal demand, or as a complete
equitable demand, upon the Government; but
that, under all tne circumstances, and considering
the gallantry of the action, and the losses sus-
tained while that ship was aiding the American
Government to carry on a war, and m recogni-
tion of that on the part of the American people,
and as a gratuity, this compensation should be
made. That was the ground on which the claim
was placed by the committee 111 a report made
by the Senator from Louisiana, in whiuh I con-
curred. When it came before the Senate, by the
Senate the case was referred to the (Jotirt of
Claims; and the presentation of it now, on the
further report of the committee, reviewing the de-
cision of the Court of Claims, adduces that fact for
what it may be worth, that it did appear that,
through some omission or inadvertence or error
of the"Government, a correspondence which the
Government had stipulated to lay before the arbi-
trator, was not iatd before him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. There is hardly a quorum
here, and it m nearly five o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Merely a word of exp.a-
nation, and I have done. 1 am unwilling to be
placed before the Senate in an attuudeot contest-
ing very plain principles which I have not denied.
All that the Senator from Virginia has read there
is very clear law; theie is no doubt about it. ^ 1
have not disputed any principle of that sort; in
fact, I adverted to it, and asked what was a neu-
tral bound to do? 1 said a ueuuai in good faith
is bound to do the best he can to have the prop-
erty restored if the property exists; and neutrals
j in the case of a prize, where a vessel has been
| taken in their territory, make their claims in the
I courts for the restoration of the property to them;
' and if the fact is proved, the claim is never de-
: nied, but the property is given up and the neu-
| tral surrenders it to the original claimant. All
; that the neutral is bound to do, if the property
i exists, is to do his utmost to recover the proper-
! ty. Portugal did it in the first instance.. The
| property being destroyed, Portugal demanded
i reparation of Great Britain. It urged Us claim
' strenuously on the ground that Us "neutrality had
i been violated. Great Britain expressed its will-
! ingness to pay Portugal for the damage done to
i the people of Portugal in Fayal, but utterly re-
: fused to make any reparation for this property,
and the property was not in existence. What
could Portugal do ? The Senator infers from what
he has read, that failing to get the property back,
although trying to do so; or failing to get repara-
tion for it, although trying to do so in good faith,
then the obligation iscastupon the neutral to pay
it out of its own pocket. He will find no such prin-
ciple there or anywhere else. It does not exist.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, lam requested
by the honoicible Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] to state that he would vote for this
bill if he were hero, but he has paired off with my
colleague, [Mr. King,] who would vote against
it. I am also requested to state, by the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] that
he has paired off with the honorable Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Shields;] General Shields
being m favor of the bill, and the Senator from
New Hampshire being against it.
I owe an apology to my honorable friend from
Kentucky, [Mr, Crittenden ] I sincerely and
humbly beg his pardon for having intet ruptcd
him. The motive which I had m doing so I
hoped would have saved ine from an unkind re-
buke for a suggestion that was well intended,
and 1 hope expressed with deference and respect
and even veneration for him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
only sorry that I did anything more than call my
friend to order. If I exhibited any ill humor, it
did not last a moment.
Mr. SEWARD. I was on all sides beset with
gentlemen, who wished me to make tho appeal I
did. They were friends to the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out, m the
fifth line, the word " owners,'' so as to read" to
pay to the officers and" crew." I will state that
if this amendment is carried, I shall then move to
change the amount so as to appropriate m the bill
a sum sufficient to satisfy the officers and crew,
seeing no earthly reason why we should pay the
•ovvnets of the vessel.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope we shall not
strike out anything, but go on with the bill as it is.
The question being put, there were, on a divi-
sion—ayes 11, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Seuatd ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays wete ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Foot.]
The Chair must put the question on the adjourn-
ment.
The question being put, on a division there
were—ayes ten.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
We must have the yeas and nays in order to as-
certain whether theie is a quorum.
The yeas and nays wete oidered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Piesident, can the yeas
! I and nays be ordeied by lesb than a quorum ?
!, ThePRESlDINGoFFiCER. That depends
j on the character of the motion. Less than aquo-
rum, the Chair supposes, can adjourn, and take
j the vote in such a form as is ordeied by a majority
' present. The. yeas and nays are properly ordered
: on the motion to adjourn.
1 Mr. POLK. My colleague, Mr. Green, has
! paired off with the Senator from Alabama, Mr.
i Fitzpatuick.
] Mr. UOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
1 from Maine, Mi. Hamlin, has paired off with the
. ■ honorable Senator from Michigan, Mr. Chand-
] LEU.
i The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
|, suited—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows:
ii YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Benjamin, Clay, Clingraan, Da-
vis, Fessenden, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee,
Maliory, Polk, Wade, Ward, and Yulee—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Broderick, Brown, Ches-
nut, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Hammond',
Harlan, Jones, Kennedy, Mason, Reid, Sewam, Simmons,
Thompson of Kentucky, and Wright—20. * - •
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn, and the vote shows a quorum
present. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Loqjsiana to strike out the word
"owners."
Mr. CLARK. I should be very g*ad if some
of the friends of the bill would tell us who the
owners of this vessel are. • I should be very glad
to vote a testimonial to the captain and the crew
of this vessel; but if the owners were an entirely
different party, and they had no part or parcel in
this gallant achievement, or in the defense of the
vessel, I do not see why they should have a gra-
tuity. I desire to go for the bill so far as I can.
I desire to award something to this gallant cap-
tain and all the crew; and if he owned the vessel,
I will go the whole length for the vessel and crew
and owners; but if he did not own the vessel, I
do not see any reason why I should vote a gra-
tuity to those persons who were absent in some
: distant city.
Mr. MASON. I have no information on the
subject, except that derived from Captain Reid,
the commander of the ship. I understand that
he owned one half. Who owned the rest I do
not know.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and on the question,
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HUNTER callcd for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. At the request of the Senator from
California, Mr. Gwin, I have paired off with him.
Mr. POLK. At the request of my colleague,
I state that he has paired off with Governor Fitz-
patrick. He would have voted for the bill, if
present.
Mr. MASON I was requested by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, Mr. Slidell, to
say that he had paired off on this question with
the honorable Senator from Indiana. He would
have voted for the bill, if present.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was requested to state
| by the honorable Senator from Maine, Mr. Ham-
| lin, that he had paired off with the Senator from
! Michigan, Mr. Chandler. ' The honorable Sen-
i ator from Maine would have voted against, and
! the honorable Senator from Michigan in favor of
| the bill.
i The question being taken by yeas and nays,
I resulted—yeas 23, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messi*. Bates, Bayard,'Bell, Brown, Chesnut,
Clark, Collamei, Crittenden, Dixon, Foot, Hammond, Hous-
ton. Kennedy, Maliory, Ma->on, Polk, Reid, Seward,
Simmons,Thompson of Keniueky, Wii«ht,and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Mest-is. Benjamin, Brodenek, Chugman, Davis,
Doolittle, Fe>:>cnden, llaflan, Hunter, Johnson oi Tennes-
see, Wade1; atid Waid—11.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. CROWN, its title was
amended so as to read: A bill for the relief of the
owners, officers, and crew, of the brig General
Armstrong, or their legal representatives.
Mr. POLK. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 4, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. C. II. Hall.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION,
Mr. BRANCH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, and, by unanimous con-
sent, considered and agreed to:
R ciolrerl, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform the Hout-e why lie lias not complied with tUe joint
resolution of May W, 1836, requiring him, in his annual
report- on commeico and navigation, -to cause to be stated
the kind •, c,i .uititie<, and valuf1 of iho merchandise entered
and cleared coastwise, into and from the collection districts
of tho !/mted States and that lie t-ubmit to the House, at
its next ^e^sion, a plan by which statistics of the eoastwue
trade can be procured.
