820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
.NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report on the Nebraska con-
tested-election case; which was laid on tfre table,
and ordered to be printed,
Mr. WILSON 'gave notice that on Wednesday
next he should call up the report, and ask that it
be finally disposed of.
ISAAC BODY AND SAMUEL PLEMMING.
Mr. LOYEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to correct a clerical error
in the act for the relief of Isaac Body and Samuel
"Flemming; which wa3 read a first and second
time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion may he put on its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
correcting a clerical error m the location of a sec-
tion of land provided for in the act referred to in
the title of the joint resolution.
Thejoint re&olution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOYEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain j. c. m'faRREN.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution for the re-
lief of Captain J. C. McFarren; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following res-
olutions:
Resolved, That the Fostmaster General bo requested to
furnish to tins House a tabulai statement showing thy
number of miles of mail transportation on radtoads, m two
and four-horse roaches,designating between the said two
and four-horse coaches, on hoisebaek, and by water, and
the amount of compensation paid tm curb kind oi seivice,
in each of the States and Tertnones ot the iJniled Stales
Resolved, That the Postmastei Geneiul aNo be requested
to communicate to the llou-sc, atj near at, lie can appiovr-
mateto it, the amount of mail mattei carried over the over-
land mail routes 10 California.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object. All that informa-
tion can be obtained from the annual report of the
Postmaster General.
citizens of st. cloud.
Mr. CAVANAUGH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of citizens of St.
Cloud, Minnesota-, which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide foi the establishment
of a national foundery at Alton or Chester, in the
State of Illinois; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Commute# on £iil-
itary Affairs.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. FLORENCE. Ip it in order to move to g-o
into a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate3 Calendar ?
Tiie oPEAICER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been ordered upon a bill on Saturday
last, winch went over to this mormn^.
Mr. SEWARD, i wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by winch the bill (H. Li. No.
80) authorizing tiie cession of the Government
banacks at Savannah to the city of Savannah
was passed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered,
but cannot be considered at this time.
PROBABLE RECEIPTS FROM CUSTOMS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to call up
the motion to reconsulcr the vote by which the
communication yesterday received from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to k now if the con-
vocation of the bills reported from a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar on
Saturday last is not the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. That Vould be the regular
order of business; but the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] to recon-
sider is a privileged motion, and may be called
up at any time. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order now to move
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. No motion is in order, un-
less the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phil-
lips] yields the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I desire to know
if the private business does not take precedence
to-day? This is objection day, and the last one
of the session. If my colleague will give way, I
desire that we shall proceed to the consideration
of private business. 1 do not want the day to be
lost.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to make
an appeal to my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phillips,] my colleague upon the Committee of
Ways and Weans, who made the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, submitted to
us yesterday, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. I appeal to him to withdraw
the motion to reconsider, or himself to move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. There
will be an opportunity, between this and the close
of the session, for the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to express his opinions upon the communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Tieasuiy; and
also, in relation to all measures of financial pol-
icy. It was an oversight m myself, last evening,
that I did not submit the motion to leconsider,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. My colWi^ue on the committee, unexpect-
edly to me, made the motion; and I now appeal
to him not to consume the time of the House m
the discussion of this question, for whatever he
may say upon this subject will call forth a reply
elsewhere. 1 prefer that this matter shall be dis-
cussed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, instead of in the House. I
hope, then, that the gentleman, taking into con-
sideration the condition of the public business,
will himself move to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. It does seem to me that
my colleague might to-morrow make his speech.
Mr. SEWARD. Is this debate m order?
Mr. FLORENCE. My object is to gut to the
business upon the Private Calendar. This is the
last day of the session that we shall be able to do
so. There are private claimants clamoring at the
doors of Congress, and I trust we will proceed to
the consideration of that class of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
who made the motion to reconsider does not wish
to occupy the floor, I will move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. PHILLIPS. When I sought the floor
yesterday, it was with a desire and de&ign to have
time for an examination of the response of the
Secretary of the Treasuiy to the isolation of the
j House, the hasty perusal of which did not give
i me sufficient information upon the subj :ct; and
| it was upon my own suggestion that my colleague
! [Mr. Florence] made a motion to adjourn, when,
j in all probability, if it had he<>n conceded to me
; by those fiom whom I had a right to expect thus
j much, I should have had nothing to say upon the
! subject; though it has been my vusli for some
i time to call the attention of the House to what I
' think are mistakes m the estimates. But 1 yield,
! though most reluctantly, to appeals made to
j from many sources, by gentlemen intrusted in
| having the Private Calcndarconsidered, and to the
i appeal made by my colleague on the Committee
; of Ways and Means, and defer the lemarks I m-
! tended to make, though I know the difficulty of
I obtaining the floor, and possibly 1 may not have
: another opportunity of so doing. I will, however,
take my chance of obtaining an appropriate oc-
: casion to express the views 1 entertain on the sub-
[ ject of revenue. 1 owe it to myself to say this
I much. I now move to lay the motion to recon-
1 Sider upon the table.
The motion was agieed to.
j. w. hilton.
Mr. WINSLOW. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER, The business first in order
is the consideration of a bill for the relief of J.
W. Hilton, reported from the Committee of the
Whole House on the Puvate Calendar on Satur-
day last; the pending question being on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and lead a third time. On
that question the main question has been ordered
to be put.
The bill, which was read, directs the Postmaster
General to pay to J. W. Hilton, of the county of
Monroe, Illinois, the sum of %A83 40, for extra
mail service performed by him on route No.
13323, from September 22, 1856, to July 1,1857.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
there was a minority report made in that* case,
which was not read m the Committee of the
Whole House when that bill was under consid-
eration.
Mr, Et)IE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It ia not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the mi-
nority report be read.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to it. It should have
been read in committee.
Mr. STANTON. I hope no objection will be
made to the reading of the minority report. It
ought not to be covered up in that way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a report which
should have been read in committee.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. STANTON. Then J withdraw my mo-
tion; and call for the reading of the minority re-
port.
The views of the minority were read, as fol-
lows:
From tbe petition of the memorialist, u appears he con-
tracted with the Postmaster General to carry the mail ou
route 13323, trom t-t. Louis, i<i the Stare of Missouri, via
Waterloo, hi Monioe county, in said State, and the village
ot Prauie du llochen, m Randolph county, m use State of
Ilium j, to the town of Chester, .n said itandolph county ;
that, l)j toe terms ot' his eontiact lie vva- tequued to trans-
port the United States mail matter pel taming to the said
route daily, [torn .Inly 1, 165*1,10 July 1, i&jy^aid mail mat-
ter to be tranfpoiied over that paito/ the route l>mg be-
tween tit. Loins and Waterloo, a distance of twenty-one
miles, jn couehe* ; and uvea that pai t ot the said loute lying
between said Waterloo and Chester, a distance of torty-
seven mile-;, on horseback. The memorialist makes two al-
legations as the loundation of In^ claim upon the Govern-
ment tor extra compensation : 1. That, ou tiie 20th day of
September, 183G, and daily hitherto, the po-^tma^tpr at St.
Louis. in the State ot Missoim, delivered to the said Joseph
VV. Uiiion, the mail mattei between the said city of St.
Louis and the town ol St. Genevieve, m the State of Mis-
souri. wh.eh did not peuam to the said mail joute No. 13303.
2. That, although he \va-> not bound by his said contracts
to carry said mad matter, yet, to accommodate the bejnirt-
meni, be did so, and was thereby required to incur great ad-
ditional expen-e in transposing said St. Genevieve mail
matter tioin St. Louis to Prairie du Uocheu, an additional
houe oi roach heme indispensable lor that purpose.
The m ijoutv ot the committee have pioceeded upon the
hypothec that hoiti these material allegations have been
established by pioot ; when, m faet. riot one paitieie of proof
w.ij beiore the committee, either ora! or written, to&ustam
the one oi ?h" other of them.
Tiie niemonalist doe* not even allege the existence of a
necevjitv tor tins change ot mail matter; nor clues he pay
he turrushedan additional hoi«e or roach ; \et it isa>sumed
by the majority, and to stated m then i epnit. The inajouty
Slave fallen into the palpable euot of siamm that an addi-
tional eoacli was put on the said route fiom Waterloo to
Piame du Roehen. The memo'iali-t does not so state it;
nor was there any proof of it. 15ut u tnese ta^ts had lv:en
establi-hed, still J insi-t the eiauu ou^'it not to be allowed.
The postmastei at St. Lour* bad no authority under the law
to change tire direction of the mad mattei hom the regular
route iiom St. Lotus to Genevies e« to the irregulai one". Mo.
iy.j'23; nor was the memorialist undei the slightest obliga-
tion to receive and tr art-pen t if, and the renoL'niUoii ot this
claim establishes a precedent which m its operations will
be equal to a law coiifening upon postmasters all over the
Union [in; c.iulioinj to change, alter, and enlarge every con-
ti.i.M miifie hv the l''>btnia-tet General, and involving the
Goverrum nt in many nWiion dollars o>'mdebiedi>ess, with-
out the existence oi'ieal necessity, and dorans.'in<i the whole
opeialiond of th.u unpoitant bianeh of (he Government,
ilather than c^tabhsii a pieccdeut oi this feartul character,
mousing tiie necessity for constant cx.ua special legislation,
it would be lar bettor to contei on postma.-teio plenary
powers ov^i tiie subject, and let their contiact be paid as
now requited by law.
We cannot with piopricty say tins claim shall be allowed
and all others hereafter, of u like natuie} shall be rejected,
ft is ught. or wrong. Jf ngnr,u should be allowed; it mong,
it should be rejected. It will be adding auotner precedent, or
rather it will afford a legislative conatiu<*ti<m of the powers
of postmasters under the lawns it now exists, which will ie-
quire legislative action hereafter to eonoct. At thela-t ses-
sion of Congie^s. nearly half a million doliais was allowed
by Coiurefes in the >hape of extra pay for marl seivices,
unauthorized by the PostmasterGenei ai; and now, following
that precedent, claims amounting to many thousands, if not
millions, are being pie^ntcd to Congress. The act of Con-
giess of the 2d July, l.f'36, nmv m lufl torce and etfeet, de
Clares " that no payment shall be made tor any additional
regular service in the transportation ot the inaii, unless the
