822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4;
GEORGE MAGRUDER.
A bill (G. C. No. 11) for the relief of George
Magruder. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
HENRY HUBBARD.
A bill for the relief of Henry Hubbard.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will not object
to this bill, provided the yeas and nays -shall be
ordered on it in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be laid,aside.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 thinkthatthe gentleman's
agreement is a qualified objection.
The bill was read. It directs that there be al-
lowed and paid, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to Henry Hub-
bard, the sum of $673 75, for his services as
United States agent, charged with the safe-keep-
ing of the public property at the harbor of Ash-
tabula, Ohio, as certified by the bureau of topo-
graphical engineers, with interest, at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, from the 11th of June,
1856, from which time payment is shown to have
been delayed for want of appropriation.
It appears from the report, that this claim is
foar services as agent in charge of the public prop-
erty at Ashtabula harbor, $672 75, and interest
from the discontinuance of his Service, $188 3G;
$861 11 in all. On a reference of the case to the
War Department, it appears that "the amount
claimed by Mr. Hubbard for service ($672 75) is
shown by his accounts to be due to him;" and
that " the claim cannot be paid unless provided
for by Congress," " the appropriation being ex-
hausted." It appears from a statement of Colonel
Abert, chief of the bureau of topographical en-
gineers, dated June 11, 1856,that this claim was
then admitted to be due.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
land titles in maine.
A bill (H. R. No. 574) to provide for quieting
certain land titles m the late disputed territoiy in
the State of Maine, and for other purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing that
that bill shall go to the House, if we can get a
vote on it by yeas and nays.
Several Members. Agreed.
Mr. LEITER. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wishes to say
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that he knows
no right possessed by the Chair to recognize any
such arrangement.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am aware of
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must either
object or suffer the bill to be laid aside under the
rules of the House and reported to the House. No
such understanding can be recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it be the decis-
ion of the Chair that f am not at liberty to make
that statement, I shall object to the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Leiterj will withdraw his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made on the
other side of the House. ■
Mr. FOSTER. This is a very meritorious
bill, and I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
objection, and let the yeas and nays be taken in
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Clerk will report the next bill.
John m'neil's representatives.
A bill (S. No. 100) releasing to the legal rep-
resentatives of John McNeil, deceased, the title
of the United States to a certain tract of land.
[Objected to by Mr. Howard.]
william h. russell.
A bill (C. C. No. 83) for the relief of William
H. Russell.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to William H. Russell the sum of $839 66,
in full, for his salary as collector of the port of
Monterey, in California, from the 13th ofMarch
to the 23d of June, 1851.
The reportshows that William H. Russell was
collector of the port of Monterey, in California,
having been commissioned on the 13th day of
March, 1851. He took the oath of office on the
23d day of June following. His claim'for salary
between these periods was rejected by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, on the ground
that the salary should commence from the date
of the oath of office, and not from the date of
commission. This presented purely a legal ques-
tion, which the Court of Claims decided in favor
of petitioner, in conformity with the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison, 1 Clinch, 156, that a " com-
mission bears date and the salary of the officer
commences from his_appointment."
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CAPTAIN A. W. REYNOLDS.
A bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Captain
A. W. Reynolds.
The lull authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Captain A. W. Rey-
nolds, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $430 G3,with
Ijgal interest thereon from the 4th of September,
1857, the date of therendition of the award of the
arbitrators, R. T. Matthews, Charles J. Biddle,
and Rush Van Dyke, in the case of the United
States against A. W. Reynolds, till paid; and
also directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the parties legally entitled the costs, as stated
in the award, upon the presentation of theproper
evidence and certificates from the district court
of the United States.
The report shows that suit was instituted
against Captain Reynolds, by the United States,
for the recovery of a large balance (over one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars) alleged to
be due the Government oa the adjustmentof Cap-
tain Reynolds's accounts by the Third Auditor
of the Treasury, for disbursements as assistant
quartermaster in New Mexico. During the pen-
dency of the suit, the attorney for the United
States proposed to the Solicitor of the Treasury
to submit the entire case to three arbitrators, two
of whom should be appointed by Judge Kane, of
the district court, and the third to be one of the
accounting officers of the Treasury. This propo-
sition being approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the arbitrators were appointed, and
entered on the discharge of their duties on the 22d
of July, 1857. They made their award on the 4th
September, as follows:
United States op America, 7 mnct tw>
Alexander W*. Reynolds, s
And now, September 4, A. D. 16.57, the referees named
m the annexed Mibtmosion, having met on the 2^d- day of
July, 18,>7, and being duly and severally sworn justly and
equitably to try all matters at variance between the United
Slates 01 America a* plaintiff, and Alexander YV. Reynolds*,
late asM^tant quailermabter, United States Army,as defend-
ant, submitted to them by the annexed agiecment, dated the
522d day ot'July, i 857, and being m session up to the pres-eut
time, and having heatd the evidence and allegations of the
parties, plamtift and defendant, and find that, on the matters
smd questions submitted to us on the uanscript fiom the
oJliee ot tiio bceond Auditor, there is a balance due the
defendant iiom the plaintiff, amounting to nine thousand
lour hundied and ninety-one dollars and fitty-mx cents,
(§9,491 oG.) and that, on the matters and questions Mibmit-
ted to us on the tianscnpt fiom the oflice of the Thud Aud-
itoi, there w a balaneo due from the defendant to the plain-
tiff, amounting to the sum of nine thousand sixty dollars and
mnety-tbtee cents, ($9,060 yy.) and on the entire account
submitted to Uh, \vc award, in favor of the defendant, Alex-
; antler W. UeynohU, the sum of four hundied and thmy ;
dollais and sixty-three cents, 63.) And we do fmther j
award, that tiie United States shall pay the costs ot this 4
rorVrcnce, to wit: To the defendant, such Ieg;il costs as ,
upon taxation of bills filed shall be adjudged by the di-trict j
court ot the United States foi the eastern district of Fenn- |
sylvania to be piopei and nist, and we fiv the cost of the ;
leferees at the sum of ei^ht dollais per diem each, for the
number of days we were in session, being thirty-nine days, I
making the sum ot $3i2 to each reieree. And the refeiecs 1
do further report that upon the examination of this case the
defendant claimed eiedit on certain vouchers winch had not.
as appeared, been at any tune submitted to the pioper De-
paitinent for allowance, and objection bemu made on the'!
part of the plamtill to our considering any item which had
not been submitted in 'lie sheets of difference, or connected i
with such items, we decline passing on such vouchers.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the ,
House with a recommendation that it do pass, i
richard f1tzpatrick.
A bill (S. No. 393) for the relief of Richard
Fitzpatrick. [Objected to by Mr. Olin*.]
CHARNER T. SCAIFE.
A bill (S. No. 183) for the relief of CharnerT.
Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Leiter.]
FRANKLIN PEALE.
A bill (S. No. 293) for the relief of Franklin
Peale, [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
ELIZA E. OGDEN.
A bill (S. No. 368) for the relief of Mrs. BHzss
E. Ogden. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.],
CORNELIUS BOYLE.
A bill (C. C. No. 24) for the relief of Corpe-
lius Boyle,administrator of John Boyle, deceased. ■
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
P. S. DUVAL AND COMPANY.
A bill (S. No. 331) for the relief of P. S. Duval
& Co.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
C. EDWARD HABICHT.
A bill (S. No. 284) for the relief of C. Edward
Habicht, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis.
The bill directs payment to C. Edward Habicht, '
administrator of J. W. P. Lewis, of the sum of
$2,238 47, being the balance of his accounts as
United States agent for the construction of a
light-house on Sand Key, in Florida, as stated by
the accounting officers of the Treasury.
The report shows the following state of facts:
Mr. Lewis was appointed United States agent for
the construction of alight-house on Sand Key,
in Florida. On a settlement of his accounts, m
April, 1853, a balance was found against him of
$9,652 66, while he claimed a balance, as due him,
of $2)400 24, On the 22d of June, 1857, a further
settlement was made, by which a further allow-
ance was made on vouchers which had been sus-
pended or disallowed in the previous settlement,
amounting to $9,652 66, which balanced his ac-
counts on the books of the Treasury and exhausted
the appropriation for the Sand Key light-house,
leaving still outstanding, of the amount of sus-
pended and disallowed items, the sum of $2,400 24.
Further vouchers were presented on the 28th of
December, 1857, upon which further allowances
were made by the accounting officeis, amounting
in the aggregate to $2,238 47. This sum, thus
finally decided to be due to the claimant's intes-
tate, is now suspended for no other cause, as
stated by the accounting officers, " than the want
of an appropriation available for the settlement
thereof."
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HULL AND COZZENS.
A bill (H. R. No. 5S6) for the relief of Hull
and Cozzens, and John Naylor & Co. [Objected
to by Mr. Letcher.]
DE VISSER AND VILLAR.UBIA.
A bill (S. No. 103) for the relief of Simon de
Yisser and Jose Yillarubia, of New Orleans*
[Objected to by Mr. Edie.]
GENERAL LA FAYETTE'S LAND WARRANTS.
A bill (S. No. 71) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the relocation of land war-
rants Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress to
General La Fayette," approved February 26,
1845.
j The bill amends the act entitled "An act to
| authorize the relocation of land warrants -Nos. 3,
| 4, and 5, granted by Congress to General LaFay-
] ette," approved February 26, 1845, so that the
{ legal holders or assignees of land warrants Nos.
! 4 and 5 shall be authorized to relocate the war-
| rants upon any of the public lands of the United
; States subject to private sale, and not reserved,
j in pursuance of any act of Congress, for the con-
i struction of railroads or other public works, or
reserved for military or other special purposes;
provided such location shall be made m accord-
; ance with the legal divisions and subdivisions of
| the public surveys.
[ The second section directs that, upon the re-
ceipt of a certificate of entry from the proper
register, the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shall issue a patent, as in other cases.-
The Committee on Public Lands recommended
the following amendment:
After words ^subject to," insert the words "public or
so tlifit the relocations may be made on public lands of
tlic United States subject to public or private sale.
The report was read. The Committee on Public
Lands adopted the report made by the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims m the Senate, as fol-
lows:
Tne Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
i
