202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Reps.
sorts. Hence it is impossible to make the com-
parison as to the average value of the manufac-
tures of iron.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman says that our
custom-house returns do not show the quantity of
iron.' That does not relieve him. "We are not dis-
cussing the question of quantity, but the value of
imports. And the gentleman charges undervalua-
tion at our custom-house returns, by which the
revenue is defrauded. I show that the aggregate
value of iron imported into our country from Great
Britain is greater, according to our custom-house
returns, than it is according to her custom-house
returns.
Mr. STANTON. I found the custom-house
returns, as to value—aggregate value—wholly un-
reliable. I based my calculations upon a com-
parison of the value per ton, per gallon, or what-
ever it may be. Aggregates are unreliable; but
when you find an article is imported at so much
per ton, and so much per gallon, and you find the
same allele is valued at so much per ton, and so
much per gallon, it furnishes a ground of com-
parison; and it is the only ground I rely upon.
Mr. LAMAR. Why are the returns of our
custom-houses as to aggregate value more unreli-
able than as to average value ? There can be no
reason for it; and it is an assumption of the gen-
tleman's. If the aggregate value of the aiticle,
as shown by our custom-house returns, exceeds
that slated 111 the foreign custom-house returns,
the question of undervaluation on that article is
put to rest; and there is no necessity for an ex-
amination into the average value per ton, or per
gallon.
But, I will bring to the attention of the gentle-
man, before 1 sit down, a case which will silence
him upon this point. But first, let me take the
next illustration which he has recited;
"It shows that, accoiding to the English custom-houso
returns, wo imported from England, in the years 1853-54-55
-56 and 1857, 115,276 gnn&>, at $8 05 each, amounting to
$928,394 28. According to our custom house leturns, we
impotted I'or the same years 35.580 gun«, at $5 98 each,
amounting to $213,088, showing an undervaluation on the
guns, according to our custom-house returns, of $73,650 60.
iiy the lariir of i84(>, which w<u< then in ibice, ihoy were
chargeable with a duty of tlimy pet cent., making a loss to
the revenue on this single artici? ot $£2,095 18."
It is true that there is hero a considerable re-
duction in the average value of this article of
guns. But, sir, does it follow that this result is to
be attributed to the ad valorem tariff on guns?
Why, sir, the failing off in the number of guns
is much greater than the depreciation of value per
gun. How do you account for that?
The falling off in the number ofguns, which the
gentleman does not pretend grows out of the ad
valorem principle, is as 115,276 to 35,580, while
the reduction in value was as $8 05 as to $5 98.
This reduced number of guns imported, accord-
ing t6 our custom-house returns, proves conclu-
sively that there is some other cause than taxa-
tion; certainly some other cause than ad valoiem
taxation, which produces such variances.
But, sir, let us proceed to the next example of
the gentleman.
"The French etmom-house returns also show that, for
the yeais 1853, 1854, and 1855, there was exported from
Fiance to the United States, 3,393,130 gallon* of distilled
liquors, valued at the French custom-house at $5,883,559,
or #} 70 pf-r gallon.
"The United States custom-house returns show that, for
the tame years, we imported from France 6,911,124 gal-
lons of dMiIh'd liquors, valued at our custom-houses at
$6,758,100, oi 90 cents per gallon.
" By the tariff of 1846. under which these importations
wei<t made, distilled liquors were subject to a duty of one
liundied percent. The loss by undervaluation of 6,911,124
gallons, shown by our custom-house returns, at eighty cents
per gallon, winch is the difference between the French val-
uation and ours, is $5,528,899, ami the duties at one hun-
dred per cent, amounted to the same sum, showing the loss
to the revenue to be $5,528,899."
Now, sir, 1 respectfully submit to the House,
if the gentleman does not, in this case, refute the
proposition with which he started—that tiin every
instance the amount shown by the custom-house
returns greatly exceeds the amount shown by
ours." Here is a specific instance brought for-
ward by the gentleman himself, where our cus-
tom-house returns show not merely an increase
of double the amount of importations over the
custom-house returns of France, but an increase
in value of nearly $1,000,001). The calculation
of a loasuo the revenue of $5,528,899 is simply
ridiculous.
The great difference between the custom-house
returns of the two countries, as to this article,
may be very satisfactorily explained. • It is well
known that the manufacturers of liquors in this
country—cheap, drug liquors—export them for
the very purpose of importing them as French
distilled liquors. The article, being of inferior
quality, is entered at low rates, and thus reduces
the average value pergallon on the whole amount
brought in. The result is accounted for without
imputing fraud either upon the part of importer
or appraiser.
Mr. TRIPPE. Do you mean to say that it is
not a fraud to import those poisonous liquors as
fine French brandy? [Laughter.]
Mr. LAMAR. Oh, yes, it is a fraud upon the
consumers of the article; but not upon the revenue,
inasmuch as it increases that.
Mr. JACKSON. If it be a fraud upon the con-
sumer, my colleague has a right to be indignant.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRIPPE. Certainly I have, sir; but it is
in behalf of my suffering friends, among whom
I include my colleague, the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, and yourself, Mr. Chairman. [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi yield the floor to the two gentlemen
from Georgia ?
Mr. LAMAR. No, sir; I cannot now discuss
the private griefs of my two friends from Geor-
gia. I would suggest, however, that the temper-
ance pledge is a better security against the frauds
of wnich they complam than a revision of the
tariff, which 1 am now discussing.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that I have succeeded
in showing that the illustrations brought forward
by the gentleman himself, disprove the charge
which he makes of frauds practiced under the ad
valorem system at our custom-houses. But there
is a significant fact connected with this subject,
which the gentleman has omitted. Great stress
ha« been placed upon the fact that the English
tariff is a specific one, By comparing the tables
of Great Britain and Franco, it will be found that,
according to the French tables for 1857, theirex-
ports to Great Britain exceeded by more than
double the amount which the tables of Great Brit-
ain show, of imports from France for the same
period. Will the gentleman attribute this enorm-
ous discrepancy " to frauds practiced at the cus-
tom-houses" of Great Britain? I attribute it to
no such cause; but I state the fact to show that
if taxation has anything to do with it, the specific
system is more subject to the evil than the ad
valorem system.
Returning to his favorite theme of protection,
the gentleman undertakes to reply to the remark
made by the member from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] that all political science is against protec-
tion. I give his words:
" ft mnjht, perhaps, be sufficient to say, m reply to this,
that' all Insiory and ail experience are m favor ot it.'
" It will be remembered that, a very lew years ago, the
question of the piacticabihty of navigating the ocean in
vessels propelled by btcain was very much discussed by sci-
entific in en. The amount of fuel required to propel a ves-
sel a given distance, and tile capacity of a vessel to carry
the amount required, were all calculated, with every other
element that could enter into the question, upon purely sci-
entific pt mciples, by the tir*t scientific men of the country,
and it was finally settled that it was wholly impracticable,
and that no more tune or money should be spent in experi-
menting upon the subject. But just as the question was
fully and finally settled, and the decision promulgated to
the world, one fine morning in June the steamer Sirius,
from Liverpool, came steaming up the bay and anchored in
the harbor of New York.
"The sscientificdemonstration still stands. No man has
been able to disprove or answer it. But the trouble is, that
men will go all over the world in steamships in spite of it.
It is very much t>o with the science of political economy.
" It is now nearly a century since Adam Smith and Say
and Ricardo demonstrated that protection was injurious to
every country that adopted it, and must ultimately woi kits
rum. But in spite of this demonstration, nations have gone
on, protecting the industry of their people."
Sir, the gentleman is as much at fault in his ref-
erence to the science of navigation as he is m his
reference to the science of political economy. It
was never demonstrated that the application of
steam to machinery was impracticable. Long,
sir, before the motive power of steam was prac-
tically illustrated, it was enunciated as a philo-
sophical principle; and its discoveiy was due to
researches prompted by a pure love of abstract
truth. So far from having philosophy against it,
the great impediments it had to overcome were
the objections of your self-styled practical men,
44 that all history and all experience" were against
its practicability.
Sir, in attempting to discredit the great truths
of political economy, the gentleman is only re-
sorting to an ancient error, with which empiri-
cism has ever sought to shut out the lights of
reason and the teachings of philosophy. He
seems to forget that all which is of value around
him—the institutions under which he lives, even
the appliances by which the powers of nature
are made to minister to his material wants—were
once but speculative theories wrought out in a
philosopher's brain; "thoughts converted into
facts." If it be true that the doctrine of pro-
tection is fixed in the legislation of European na-
tions, in defiance of the fundamental axioms of
political economy, it is because the Governments
of those nations are so constructed as to give the
selfish few uncontrolled sway and power over the
rights and interests of the unprotected many to
whom they are irresponsible.
The gentleman points us to the case of Eng-
land; and his rhetoric grows almost drunk in the
excitemcnt of his admiration of her magnificent
Government, her world-wide commerce, the pomp
and luxury of her higher classes, her merchant
princes, her splendid cities, her great standing
army," whose morning drum-beat is never still.
The gentleman has doubtless derived his views
of political economy from that Government. I
would, if I could, turn his attention from all this
pomp and magnificence of government, to the ab-
ject condition of the toiling millions, upon the
fruits of whose daily and yearly labor, wrested
from them by unjust legislation, this splendid
superstructure rears its aspiring head. Let him
look to the fact that all this wealth is amassed by
pauperising the great body of the people; that
this magnificent army is sustained by enormous
taxation, the larger part of which is paid as sal-
aries to her generals, the sprigs of her nobility;
I while the common soldier, who fights her battles
in India, receives a compensation less to the year
than our own soldier receives by the month.
Let him bear in mind that one man in every
seven, in England, is a pauper. Let him go back
to the time when one million of her operatives
struck work and stood silent, moody because
there was no work for them to do." Let him look
to Ireland, " that withered, distorted member"
of her empire, writhing under all the oppression
which corruption can invent and tyranny inflict.
Let him look at the condition of the toiling mil-
lions of France, who are but little better off. Let
him look at Belgium, which is much the same;
and to many of the German States, which are
progressing rapidly to the same point: Then,
sir, let him say, if he can, that we shall adopt
their system.
But, sir, it is nevertheless true, that in propor-
tion as the Government of England is becoming
more free, she is striking off the shackles from
her commerce, and relieving her people from the
blighting effects of the restrictive system. She
has abrogated her system of navigation laws
which excited so much of the gentleman's admi-
ration. For years past 
Mr. STANTON. * Seven years.
Mr. LAMAR. Yes, sir; whilst we are adher-
ing to the narrow, contracted monopoly estab-
lished by our navigation laws, England has
thrown open her coasting trade to the world.
Since Sir Robert Peel broke down the famous corn
laws, the protective system is fast giving way,
and will finally yield to the irresistible current of
public opinion.
But the gentleman and his party, instead of
following these reforms which the spirit of liberty
is introducing into that country, would cling to
the old abuses which she is sloughing off.
If I do not mistake the indications around me,
there is a determination to take advantage of the
temporary deficiency of the revenues; and, under
the pretext of revising the tariff, to reestablish the
protective policy. As long as there is a prospect
of success to these schemes, I shall resist any
such revision. Sir, we can provide for this defi-
ciency by adopting a measure, which was always
a favorite mode with such Democrats as Calhoun,
Woodbury, ami Benton, of avoiding the necessity
