1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. COBB. I move to amend that bill by in-
serting after the word " entry,'" the words " at
a price not exceeding 25 per acre."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
poited to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
ABRAM STAPLES.
A bill (EL, R. No. GOG) granting bounty land to
Abram Staples, heir-at-law of Isaac Staples, a
revolutionary soldier. [Objected to byMr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
. DANIEL WHITNEY.
A bill (S. No. 72) for the relief of Daniel Whit-
ney. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
"WILLIAM MARVIN.
A bill (S. No. 177) to confirm to William Mar-
vin title to lands in East Florida.
The bill directs that the grant to Bernardo Se-
gui, of seven thousand acres of land lying on the
east side of tho St. John river, in East Florida,
between the place called Dunn's Lake and that
known as Horse Landing, including the place
called Buffalo Bluff, made by " Estrada," the then
Governor of the Province of East Florida, on the
20th of December, 1815, be confirmed to the
grantee and those claiming under him, and that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office be
directed to cause the lands described m the grant
to be surveyed to the claimant, without prejudice
to any third person.
An amendment to the title that the words (t Wil-
liam Marvin" be stricken out, and the words "the
heirs or assigns of Bernardo Segui" be inserted,
was agreed to.
It appears, from the report, that the petitioner
claims seven thousand acres of land on the east
side of the river St. John, between the places
known as Dunn's Lake and Horse Landing, and
to include ti place known as Buffalo Bluff, in the
State of Florida, by virtue of a concession, dated
December 20, 1615, from Estrada, then Governor
of Florida, to one Bernardo Se^ui. It appears
that Bernardo Segut, then a subject of his Cath-
olic Majesty, on the 19th of December, 1815, pe-
titioned the Governor of Florida for a grant of
lands; which petition is as follows: (see American
State Papers, Green's edition, volume*4, page
757:)
Don Bernardo Segui, notary public pro tempore for the
town of'Fernandnia, reaidenun tins eitj, respecil'ully sliovv-
eth :
That, with the permission of your Excellency, he has come
to this capital solely with the object or nuking known to
you, a« he has already done verballj, the deplorable situa-
tion ami condition ot that population, oriL'iri.uinc from a
want of coimnen'c, lit consequence of the declaration of
peace between Great IJtuain and the United States. In
May of the present yenr, your memorialist was appointed
by join lurd&hip\s predecessor, Don Sebastian Kmdelair, lo
tiie office winch he now holds m said town, and as he
thought to have obtained'hy it tho gu-ate^t advantages*, tic
abandoned m this cit> «a> id well known, the business which
he iiad tor the buppoit ot himself andlaunly, resulting tiler e-
by Ins. leaving a certainty/or an uncertainty, and conse-
quently at thy present without any means whatever
Tiie town of Fcrnanduia, a* lie has already stated, is m
such a deplorable condition on account of there not- bein<$
any trade whatever, thai your memorials passes entire
weeks without obtaining a half real in fees, if, tliei el'ore,
a fact so positive, addt d thereto the limited services he lias
performed, merit the consideration of your lordship, he
hopes to obtain from your well-known justice, and in wrtuo
of the superior orders of his Majesty, (whom God preseive,)
in winch he recommends that lands be gianted grati-. to
Spanish subjects, that you be pleaded, therefore, to grant him
in absolute propcity the quantity of seven thousand acres of
land on the east side ot the river St John, between the
place caded Dunn'-. Lake and that known as Horse Land-
ing, including tn said tiact of lands the place called Buffalo
iJInff. which wa^ latterh «iven up to theGoverrrmetrt by the
house of Juan Forbes &. Co., m exchange for other lands.
Therefore, jour memorialist pray-s that your lordship may
he pleased to grant him tiie said qua'ntity of seven thousand
acres of land m ihc place mentioned, not doubting thru he
will obtain thein, from the known police of \our loftl<hip.
BERNARDO rfEGlTI.
St. Augustine, Florida, December 19, lb 15.
Upon this petition, Governor Estrada on the
next day, December 20, 1815, made the follow-
ing decree:
" The renunciation made hy Don Juan Forbes & Co. of
the lands mentioned by the interested in thi-s memorial be-
imj cert.u.i, and in virtue of lire reasons which he indicates
to this Government, let there be granted to him. tn absolute
dominion, the ^even thousand acies of land which he pen
tions for, under tne boundaries winch he points out, with-
out injuiy 10 a thir^r person, dispatching lor his .-ecutity a
ceitilled copv of this concession, which will seive him m
every event lor a title m form. ESTRADA."
On the 10th of December, 1818,-Don Andrew
I Burgevin, private surveyor in the city of St. Au-
I gusune, East Florida, issued the following cerufi- j
j cate of survey:
] " i certify that, in virtue of the permission of this Gov
j eminent, I have measured and irmiked the bouudanes of a |
! tract containing sever) thousand acies, more or less, *jtu-
j nted on tiie ea-t of the river tft John, at the place known
' as Cuu'alo Bluff, and running south, hounding the waters
' of said liver, as is more Juily sc« n hy the annexed plat,
j wlucn puce of laud beiomrs to Don liernaulo Segur, by a
concession made to him by thus Government the 19th of
December. 1815."
At the date of the cession of Florida by the
Spanish Government to the United States, Ber-
nardo Segui was in the full possession and enjoy-
ment of the lands in question, under, and by'vir-
tue of, the aforesaid grant. Under the act of Con-
giess entitled " An act for ascertaining claims and
titles to land within the Territory of Florida,"
approved May 8, 1822, Bernardo Segui filed his
claim before#the commissioners appointed in con-
formity thereto, who, in their report to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, dated Januaiy 20, 1*824,
(American State Papers, Public Lands, Green's
edition, volume 3, page 644,) make use of the fol-
lowing language in reference to the claim:
" The claimant in this case produced tn cvidenco a me-
monal and decree or absolute property from ihe Governoi,
dated 2Jtlt December, 1S1T>, for seven thousand acres of
land, a plat and certificate of smve}. hy which it appears,
that in vnrue ol the decrees of the Cortes of 23d Januaiy,
1813, and the royal order of 1 Si,), there were granted to the :
claimant, in absolute pioperty, the seven thousand acres of j
land, dt the place set on) rn the memo, lal and certificate of ;
.survey ; and as we conceive that, by the deeiee-. ami order I
aforesaid, the quantity to be apportioned according to the I
mentoi the iipphcant'and the nuniberot his family wasleft
alone to rliv'discretion ot the Governor lor tho time heing,
that title ol th<■ c'aimailt uonl.l have been confii med to him
under the Spanish Governme.if. v e recommend the case to
Congress for then confirmation."
In 1825, John B. Strong became the owner of
the land, by the foreclosure of a mortgage, executed
to him by Bernardo Segui. Strong died shoitly
after he acquired ihe title, leaving, as his hens-
at-law, five children, nil minors, the youngest of
whom did not arrive at full age unttH835. The
widow died shortly after tho decease of her hus-
band, and there was no guardian for the ehi'dien
appointed , who were removed to the Slates of New
Yorkand Connecticut immediate! y after the death
of their mother. By the act of Congress approved
May 23, 1828, all claims to land in thrlYmtory
of Florida, embraced by the treaty, which shall
not have been decided and finally settled by the
provisions of the act, containing a greater quan-
tity of land than the eommissioneia were author-
ized to decide, and above the amount confirmed
by the act, were to be referred, wiihm one year
from the passage thereof, or be forevei baried, lo
the judge of tin; superior couit of the Territory,
for adjudication by the court. By the act ap-
proved May 26, 1830, "all the remaining claims
which have been presented according to law and
not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and
finally settled upon the same conditions, restric-
tions, and limitations, in every respect, us are
prescribed by the act approved May 23, 1828."
Under neither of the aforesaid acts was a petition
filed by the minor children and heits-at-law of
John B Strong before the superior coui f; which
fact ought not to be urged against minor heirs,
without a guardian, living at a remote distance
from these lands.
In 1n35, these heirs-at-law sold and conveyed
the tract of land to William Marvin, the peti-
tioner, who, under the impression that the pro-
visions of Lie act of May2t>, 1^30, were still open
to him, in June, 1843, filed his petition m the
superior court of the district of East Florida, and
obtained a decree in his favor for the lands in
question; but, on appeal to the Supreme 0tonrt of
the United States, the decree was reversed, for
want of jurisdiction in the court below, so that
the petitioner has no remedy or relief other than
in appeal to the justice of Congress. Without
discussing the legal effect of the eighth article of
the treaty of 1819, it is satisfactory, from the de-
cision of the superior court of Florida, in 1843,
that this claim would have been adjudicated in
favor of Segui, or his legal representatives, had
the same been presented to that court within the
time limited by the said acts of May 23, 1828,
and May 26, 1830.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass.
ELGAZER WILLIAMS.
A bill (S. No. 166) for the relief of Eleazer Wil-
liams. v '
Mr STANTON", The Dauphin is deads and
I object to that bill.
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD AND COMPANY.
A bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of Livingston;*
Kinkead <& Co.
Mr. STANTON. That is another Georgia and
Alabama claim, and l> object to it.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded a di-
vision.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. DaviS, of
Mississippi, and Stanton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 65. *
So. the committee refused to rise.
JACOB THOMAS.
A bill (H. R. No. 608) for the relief of Jacob
Thomas. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton.]
KERR, BRIERLY AND COMPANY.
A bill (H. R. No. 609) for the relief of Kerr,
Brierly & Co., of the State of Missouri.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not believe -that this
Government is an insurance company against
storms, and I object to this bill. *
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I anpeal fo the gen-
tleman to let the bill go into the House, and there
lot it be passed or rejected.
Mr MORGAN. It ought to be stopped here.
It has no more merit than those which have al-
ready been objected to.
Mr. CASE. I suggest to members, that if.they
desite to pass the bills already laid aside, they
had better rise; and i make that motion.
Mr. WINSLOW demandid tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wjnslow
and Spinner weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordmgly rose;a«d the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Nichols ic-
portod that the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar had, according to order,
had the Private Calundarunderconsidoration, and
had dnected him to report sundry bills, some with
amendments and some wit hout amendments, with
a recommendation that they do pass; and also,
that the committee had directed him to report one
bill with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. WASHBfJRN, of Maine The objection
to the bill (H. R. No. 574) to provide for quieting
certain land titles in the late disputed territory
in the State of Maine, and for other purposes, is,
1 understand, withdrawn; and I ask that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from
us further consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall make no
objection if the gentleman will give us the yeas
and nays i'n the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Mome. Certainly; I
will make no objection to that.
Mr. CURRY.' I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the fuither cons.deration ol a bill (H. R.
No. 588) for the relief of Lucien B. Adams, ex-
ecutor of James Adams, deceased, one of the
sureties of John S. Roberts, late postmaster at
Springfield, Illinois. There was some contro-
versy in the committee as to whether there was
or was not objection to that bill, and the Chair-
man decided that tiie objection came too late, and
that the bill was laid aside. However, the Clerk
has the objection entered against the bill, and the
bill has not been brought into the House. This
bill was reported by my late colleague, (Colonel
Harris,) and is one of great merit. If I am al-
lowed to make an explanation, I can easily sat-
isfy the House of the justice of the claim.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot correct
errors of the Clerk in committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the report be read, and
then I will determine whether or not 1 will ob-
ject.
Mr. MORGAN.
of business.
I call for the regular order
