826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
BILLS WITHOUT AMENDMENTS PASSED.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I call for the previous ques-
tion ori the bills reported by the Committee of the .
Whole House without amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question*ordered.
The House bills to which no amendments were
reported, and which were reported with a recom-
mendation that they do pass, were severally or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, were accordingly read the third
time, anil passed. The Senate bills were ordered
to a third reading; and were accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
The following are the bills thus passed:
A bill (S. No. 123) for the relief of Henry
Hubbard;
A bill (C. C. No. S3) for the relief of William
H. Russell;
A bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Captain
A. W. Reynolds;
A bill (S. No 284) for the relief of C. Edward
Habicht, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis;
A bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of John
Kelley;
A bill (S. No. 76) for the relief of Airs. Am-
broise Brou, of the parish of St. Chatles, State of
Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 80) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Olivier Landry, of the
State of Louisiana; and
A bill (H. R. No. 607) granting bounty land
to Abram Staples, heir-at-law of Isaac Staples, a
revolutionary soldier.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved to reconsider the votes
by which these bills were severally passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The lauer motion was agreed to.
MRS^PRANCES M'CAULEY.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged fiom the further
consideration of the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Frances McCuuley. I have not been m the habit
of asking favors of the House; but 1 do feel an
interest m the passage of this bill, and I hope
what 1 ask will be giantod.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope they will
gwnt my request, too.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I am willing to be
liberal to every gentleman; but while a claim of
so much merit as the one 1 advocated this morn-
ing was objected to, I must object to all others
until objection to that claim is removed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I did not objcct to the
gentleman's bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Many appeals are
made to me to withdraw my objection; and as
this is the case of a widow, I do so.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, i renew the objec-
tion.
SENATE BILLS PASSED.
The following Senate bills writ? reported by the
Committee of the Whole House, with amend-
ments, and a recommendation that, as amended,
they do pass:
A bill (No 120) to provide for the final settle-
ment of the land claim of the heirs of Jehu Under-
wood, in Flonda;
A bill (No. 177) to confirm to William Marvin
title to lands m East Flouda; and
A bill (No. 71) to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the relocation of land warrants
numbered 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress to
General La Fayette."
Mr. COBB moved to amend the last-mentioned
bill by inserting; a provision that locations should
be made on lands subject to entry at the rate of
$1 25 an acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole House were severally agreed to; and
the bills, as amended, were read the third time, ;;
and passed. j,
SYLVESTER TIFFANY. Jj
Tho amendment reported by the Committee of 'I
the Whole House to the bill (H. R. No. 606) for \*
the relief of Sylvester Tiffany, was agreed to; and !
the bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed i,
and read a third time, and being engrossed, it!i
was accordingly read the third time, and passed, l!
Mr. CHAFFEE moved to rcconsider the votes
by which the bills were severally passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
P. S. DUVAL AND COMPANY.
The bill (S. No. 331) for the relief of P. S.
Duval &j Co., reported by the Committee of the
Whole House, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, was laid on the table.
LAND TITLES 1JV MAINE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
withdraws his objection to my motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House from
the further consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
574) to provide for quieting certain land titles in
the late disputed territory m the State of Maine.
I hope the bill will be taken up and passed by the
House.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman will
indulge me a moment, I will explain. There is a
joint resolution for the benefit of my colleague,
Mr. Woodson. He was a mail contractor some
years ago, and, unlike the cases we had up to-
day, he did not abandon his contract, but carried
it out at a loss of some forty thousand 'dollars.
There is a small amount due him for stoppages.
This joint resolution is only to authorize the Post-
master General to reopen the case, and let him
show a < ood excuse for the repayment of these
stoppages.
The resolution does not make an appropriation.
It only authorizes the Postmaster General to al-
low what was improperly stopped by his prede-
cessor. I hope there will be no objection to dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole House from j
its further consideration, and having it passed by j
the House. If that be done, I will not object to j
the pioposition of the gentlemam from Maine. If:
not, I shall block the wheels right hero, and object ;
to everything. j
Mi. JON lis, of Tennessee. Does the gentle- •
man fiom Missouu say that this makes no ap- |
piopnation ? Does it not authorize the payment \
of whate\er amount is found due?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. It authorizes the
Postmaster General to investigate the accounts
and to hear the excuses of Mr. Woodson; and if
legal excuses be given, the Postmaster General is
to remit these stoppages, which amount to only
some two thousand dollars.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine,
(Mr. Washburn?]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object.
LUCIEN B. ADAMS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe that no
objection will be made to my motion to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 588 for the I
relief of Lueion B Adams.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, there is objection
to it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to have
the report read.
Mr. LETCHER. I have read both the bill
and report, and my objection to it is this: that
your man, after he forced the Government to sue
him  i
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to
have the privilege of replying to the aspersion of
the gentleman from Virginia. 1 think I could
satisfy Him 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOUSTON, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 5, 1859.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the \
Senate a message from the President of the Uni- |
ted States, transmitting a report of the Secretary
of State, in compliance with a resolution of the j
Senate Of the 4th ultimo, requesting the Presi- I
dent to communicate, if in his opinion it be not
incompatible with the public interest, any corre-
spondence with the Government of Peru, or its
agents, on the subject of trade in guano; and all
information which may tend to explain the man-
ner in which said trade is regulated; and whether
such regulations have not the effect unduly to en-
hance the price of guano to the consumer, or to
deprive vessels navigating under the flag of the
United States of the fair and equal competition
with those of other nations, guarantied by the
treaty with Peru, of the 19th of July, 1852; and,
if so, whether any and what regulation is expe-
dient to counteract the effect of such regulations;
which, on motion of Mr. Slidell, was referred
to ihe Committee on Foreign Relations; and a
motion by him to print the report was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested..
A bill (C. C. No. 83) for the relief of William
H. Russell;
A bill (No. 584) for the relief of Captain A.W.
Reynolds;
A bill (No. 589) for the relief of John Kelly; and
A bill (No. GOG) for the relief of Sylvester Tif-
fany.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 123) for the relief of Henry Hub-
bard;
A bill (No. 284) for the relief of C. Edward
Habicht, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis;
A bill (No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Ambroise
Brou, of the parish of St. Charles, State of Lou-
isiana; and
A bill (No. 80) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Olivier Landry, of the
State of Louisiana.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 71) to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the relocation of land warrants
Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress to General
La Fayette," approved February 26, 1845; and
A bill (No. 170) to grant Rome arsenal to the
State of New York, on certain conditions.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed, the 2d instant, the
following acts:
An act to provide for the lighting with gas cer-
tain streets across the mall;
An act to fix and regulate the compensation of
receivers and registers of the land offices, under
the provisions of the act approved April 20,1848;
and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to giant a register for the schooner " Wil-
liam A. Hamill."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HARLAN. I rise, Mr. President, to make
a privileged motion. I move to reconsider tho
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 664) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing tieaty .stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1860, was passed,
with a view of making a verbal correction in one
amendment which was made to that bill. It is
necessary, in order to give the effect which the
Senate intended to that amendment. I wish to
have the question put immediately, because it is
necessary to send the bill to the House of Rep-
resentatives as soon as possible.
Thf motion to reconsider the passage of the bill
was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move now to reconsider
the vote by which the following amendment was
adopted:
"To lefund the amount advanced by the States of Iowa
and Minnesota for supplier furnished to the United States
troops who were employed to repie-sthe hostilities of Ink-
pa- cm-taii and his band of Indians. §o,114 91."
And when that has been done, 1 shall propose
to substitute for that amendment^the following:
For defraying the expenses ot the several expeditions
against Ink-pa-du-tah1s band, and in the scarch, ransom,
and recovery of tfce female captives taken by said band m
