206
A&m®to.; T6-'«rm doMGHfissio&x&1 dfi^BE.
[February 21,
-35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian WarExpenses of Washington "and Oregon—Mr. Stevens. Ho. of Reps.
west, not from that ever variable thing, popular
opinion, but from the nature of itself, from its ge-
ographical relations, from'thelaws of comnrierce,
will be-th& conservative pan of the Union. Dif-
ferent tfs the Nbrthand South are', they will then
feel 'but little commercial sympathy; they will
have but little business whicn they, of necessity,
nrustdo wuheach othej\ •'
" Hot so with the North west.-;The bond of.com-"
ifteriial symp^thy,:between the great valley's of
the takes and the-upper and- Central valleys of
the Mississippi and th« tributary rivers, will be
stre'tfgthefting every year with their increasing
lints of Wade, through railroads and canals which j
irow bind them together. It will be the mutual |
consumer and' producer for the other sections of ]
theUniori. In Us jgrowth, its-incalculable growth i
and increase, it will be thus the consumer and ,
producer much more than now. Its geograph- !
ical position, however, will, more than any one '
thing, give vigor to its conservative strength. ;
Through the line of the northwestern lakes and J
rivers, Connected with canals and railroads, it !
'reaches through arid is made part of the north-;
e'rh manufacturing and more purely commercial |
States. TheMissfasippiand itstributariesform,in j
commercial sense, but one river. These tributaries
interlace the whole West, and the great i*iver
itself, pouring through the almost fabulous riches
of the valley of the Mississippi, runs through the
South; for, although running through only one
part of the -South, it actually passes through, for |
all national purposes, the whole—for the South,
m us community of feeling and interest, is but as
one body.
Give to the Northwest, then, the giant strength j
it-must have under the accelerating development !
its own prosperity will give, and strengthen that
strength wnh the omnipotent laws of trade, and
abstract notions of State rights, the learned dif- '
ferences of men^s opinions upon theoretical ques-
tions of Government, will be utterly powerless to
divide the Noith, the South, thus held together
by the Northwest, as they must be by this greater
interior section of the country which must and will
CT?er keep its lines- of trade free, open, and com-
mon, to one nation. It will clamp the whole sec-
tions of the Union together. Tne all-powerful
interests of a productive and commercial people,
will make the Union of the States paramount to
all sections of the Union. Under us supiemacy, ,
the internal and foreign commeice of the country
must be forever heid utitter one Government,
strengthened and founded upon the only enduring
basis of free institutions—a community m interest
and fraternity "in destiny; and no power on earth 1
will be able to reftd it asunder. I
INDIAN WAR EXPENSES OP WASHINGTON
AND ORKGON. !
SPEECH QF HON. I, I. STEVENS, !
OF WASHINGTON,
' In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1859. |
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, said:
Mr. Chairman: At the last session of Congress
I presented some observations in reference to the
war debt of Oregon and Washington. In tho.se
obsei vatiuns I endoavored to show that the call-
ing out of the volunteers, by the Governors of
these Territories, was a matter of public and im-
perative necessity, i also ende«vored to show
that their operations were, as a general thing,
managed with judgment and economy, i did not,
until a comparatively recent period, expect that!
should trouble either the House or the committee
with any further observations on this question.
But Congress, at its last session, failed to take
any action in the matter of these war-debts, and
the Committee on Military Affairs did not even
make a report. Dining the present session there
has been action to a certain extent; fur during the
ivecess of Congress an examination was made of ■
.mese .claims by one of the auditing bureaus of the
•Government, and a report upon these claims has
ibeen maie by the Auditor, submitted to this
House, und referred to the Military Committee.
The Military Committee, founding their action
upon this report, have'adopted resolutions which
have received the sanction of this House, refer-
ring "the vvhole matter back again to the same
Auditor,with instructions to reaudit the accounts,
to reduce the prices for supplies, transportation,
to the cash pricesof the country, the pay of
the volunteers to that" of the regular service, and
in" ho case to'all'ow more than $20U for'the value
of a horse lost or killed in service, no matter how
much its appraised value on the muster rolls or
its cash 'value-'in that country may exceed that
sum. 'The Third Auditor is to ascertain the
amountdue under these reductions, and is directed
to report to "Congress at the commencement of its
next session.'
•Before entering further upon this question, I
wish to say that I congratulate that distant coun-
try, that I congratulate my own constituents, that
we haye made one step forward in this business
—for it is now generally admitted that there was
a war raging in Oregon and Washington, and that
that war spread from the forty-second to the for-
ty-ninth parallel, and from the shores of the Pa-
cific to a great distance in the'interior. This fact
has been admitted generally by members of the
Committee on Military Affairs, by members of
both branches of Congress, by officers of the
Army, and by the civil officers serving in those
Teiritories; that the war threatened the very ex-
istence of the settlements, spread rapine and mas-
sacre over many districts, and could only be
checked and ended by the promptest organization
and the most decisive handling of the citizen sol-
diery of the country.
There is, indeed, one notable exception. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin,] the other
day, was bold enough to take ground very differ-
ent from that; and, in the remarks which'he sub-
mitted to the House, he stated' that, if certain
facts were known, Congress would not pay one
cent of the debt incurred. These are his words:
" I vvihh to say that I have had an opportunity tn examine
this repot t, and I can state fiom my own obseivation, that
it contains such an exposition of the origin and natuie of
these: Oiegon and Wellington claims, that y it weie placed
before the Uoine, they would, in my judgment, pronounce
a judgment of condemnation upon the vvhole transaction."
The gentleman, in making that remark, has
outheroded Herod—he has outwooled Wool; for
General Wool himself has recommended* in his
official reports, the payment of a portion of these
claims. General Wool has not denied that there
was a war in southern Oregon, which made the
service of volunteers indispensable; nor has he
denied that there was a war on Puget Sound,
which made it the duty of the authorities to call
out volunteers. On the contrary, he has admit-
ted, as 1 understand, that both in southern Ore-
gon and on Puget Sound, the services of the
volunteers were indispensable. The gentleman
from NewYork has a certain memoir in hismind,
on which he relies to establish his conclusion—
not simply a memoir, but a topographical memoir
—the memoir of Captain Thomas Jefferson Cram,
of the Army. Fit* has stated that if that memoir
were published, it would convince all men that
this claim is a fraud on the Government, and
ought not to be sanctioned by Congress. He also
says he has read that topogiaphical memoir. So
have 1. It is a public document on the files of
the Department, open to inspection. A topo-
graphical memoir is a memoir desoiipuve of the
country, of us routes, its navigable streams, and
us great avenues of communication, and should
particularize all the facts winch will enable you
to decide.how troops and supplies shall he moved.
That which purports lo be a topographical me-
moir is, in huge part, made up of an account of
the volunteer operations and of the treaty opeia-
tious in that couKiy. I find that in it there has
been brought together all the Hying, scandalous
rumors that were propagated throughout that
country m the wintei of 1355-56. When I said
to that gentleman that I desiied the publication
of that report, I said it with deliberation and
judgment, because I think that the publication
of that report will put a potent weapon m our
hands to convince Congress that this debt is just,
and ought to be paid. I, of course, do not ac-
cuse Captain Cram of any intention to misrepre-
sent,- but its enorsof statement are so glaring,
and are so opposed to all the received facts at the
present'time, that it will have no weight what-
ever.
Why, sir, in this topographical memoir he has
inveighed against the treaties made with the In-
dians in that country." 'He has made statements
to establish which'he danhot bring forward a tittle
of evidence; but, on the "contrary, the evidence'is
overwhelming' and conclusive to establish' the
very contrary and thereby he ha& arrayed him-
self against aff the officers in service in that coun-
try;for,as the matter has been'examined,the offi-
cers of the Army, who once were opposed to those
treaties, now insist that they shall be confirmed
as thefirstconditionof peace and tranquillity there.
In the report of the Secretary of War at this ses-
sion, you will find the urgent and.strong recom-
mendation of Brigadier General Clark, who was
in command of the' department of the Pacific
during the recent hostilities, urging upon the Gov-
ernment the confirmation of those very treaties
denounced in this topographical memoir of Cap-
tain Cram. Hear what General Clark says:
" Some time since I was perf-uaded that the treaties made
by Governor Stevens, superintendent of Indian affairs for
those Territories, with the Indian tribes east of the Cascade
range, should not be confirmed. Since then circumstances
have changed, and with them my views.
k< The Indians made war and were subdued; by the former
act they lo«t some of their claim* to consideration, and by
the iattei the Government is enabled and justified in taking
such steps as may give the best security for the future.
" The gold discovered in the noith in the past year will
carry a large emigration along the foot hills of the eastern
slope of the Cascade*, and not impiobably gold will be
mined fiom every stream issuing from these mountains.
'• This emigiation must craze and cultivate the valleys
of these rivers, oi draw supplies fiom long distances atgrea
expense, and at times with great sufteiing. *
'• Tiidt the country will soon be filled with emigrant^ led
on by the irresistible temptation of mining, admits of no
doubt, and as little that the Indians will then be dispos-
sessed by force if not by treaty.
" The pacification now made, to be lasting, must now be
complete; the limits of the Indians should now be drawn,
not to be again disturbed.
" Influenced by these views, I decided to urge on the De-
paitment the immediate confirmation of these treaties, or
of modifications of thein, the payment of the stipulated
price, and the opening ot the lands to settlers."
There is on the files of the War Department,
the urgent recommendation of Colonel Mansfield,
the inspector general of the Army, also urging
the confirmation of these treaties. In recent let-
ters to me, Colonel Mansfield says:
" I have this mail repotted to the Secretary of War di-
rect, that the treaties made by you in tins department be
confirmed without delay, and I have uiged it strongly. They
niiw not lay over another year!
" Now, lastly, urge the confirmation of the treatip^ with
the Indians. I have reported to that effect without excep-
tion, and have uiged it strongly,"
Only a few days since, there was sent to the
Senate the report of Judge Mott, who went out
to that country as a commissioner, and who ex-
amined into these treaties; and has given it as his
opinion, that not only justice to the Indians, but
the very peace of the country, and a great saving
to the national Treasury, aie dependent upon
their confirmation. After most earnestly recom-
mending the ratification of all the treaties made
with the Indian tribes in Oregon and Washing-
ton, now before the Senate, Judge Mott says:
" Whilst it is inn* that a ratification of these treaties may
increase the expenduui ps oi the Indian seivice for a tunc,
n is penc'Uy appruent to my mind, that'it wiH obviate a
further neee&suy lor the large appiopnatious lequjred for
; the Aimy service and war debts—the subduing a people
! made hostile by a 1 ptjnny-wise and pound-fooh^h policy
j and that it will, in the end, prove to be Uie most ecoijom-
1 ical course we could adopt.
} " The course hitheito pursued by Congress, of voting ;ip-
priatioiio utteily inadequate to discharge our national obli-
gations to the aborigines, followed by the heavy expend-
itures theieby necessarily entailed on the War Depaituient,
be.«.ides< being amenable to man> other objections, has, with
the usual fare of a parsimonious policy, proved to be the
most expensive in the end.
'■ We have taken from this people a country, some of
which is as fine as ever the c,un Rhone upon ; we have made
millions of money by the baigants we compel them to ac-
cept; and yet refuse to comply with our portion o( the con-
tract. Justice, humanity, and every principle of fair deal-
ing, imperiously demand the ratification ot these treaties."
I allude, sir, to these facts, inasmuch as an at-
tempt has been made to cram Captain Cram's re-
port down our throats on various occasions. I
refer to it to show how reliable his statements are
in reference to the Indian treaties. His state-
ments will be found equally reliable when treat-
ing of the volunteer operations in these Territo-
ries. If gentlemen had any doubt about the
disturbances of 1855-56, it would seem that the
