1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
twenty years, occurred, and a great iceberg came
down and destroyed all their works, it has been
the practice of (he Government, from time imme-
morial, when they find that a contractor lias taken
a contract in good faith far below its value, and
has entered upon the execution of it in good faith,
and has sustained heavy damage", not to enforce,
like a heartless creditor, the penalty of the bond
against him. That is the condition of this case.
The bill simply releases these men from paying
on their bond double the value of the property
they engaged to deliver; and pays them nothing
whatever tor the labor they-did perform, or the
losses they sustained. The report shows these
facts, and the bureau of yauls and docks sustains
them.
Mr. KING. I am not disposed to occupy the
hard position the Senator from Florida imputes
to me. I would not exact the penalty of the bond,
twice the value. I would simply ask that they
make the Department good, so that the Govern-
ment shall lose nothing by their act. I suppose
double the value would be a very much larger
sum than the loss sustained by the Department.
Mr. M ALLOIIY. If they make the Depai tment
good, they must pay the Department$20,000.
Mr. KING. Very well.
Mr. MALLORY. Because that is the sum the
Department had to pay for the stone. That fur-
nishes us a rule for judging how far below the
real value these unfortunate parties took this con-
tract. In addition to the losses they sustained in
faithfully endeavoring to carry out the contract,
the (Senator from New York would have them pay
the Department §^U,0U0. The Department has
sustained no loss, it readvoriised and obtained
the stone at the lowest possible maiket price.
Now, the Senator occupies precisely the position
I have assigned to him. J feel sure that after this ;
explanation he will vote for tins bill. j
Mr. KING. I will ask the Senator from Florida '
what is the penalty of the bond ? Twice the con- j
tract price, I suppose. I
Mr. MALLORY. Yes. ]
Mr. KING. How much? i
Mr. MALLORY. 1 do not know how much !
that would amount to. !
Mr. KING. I dare say $100,000. I do not j
ask foi the payment of that penalty which they
have agreed to pay for the failure of performance. !
1 shall not propose an amendment, but, as 1 said i
to the Senate, i shall vote against the bill. |
The bill was repoited to the Senate without !
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third :
reading, read the thud time, and passed. I
GALVESTON CUSTOM-HOUSE. I
Mr. WARD. I move to take up the resolu- [
tion m relation to the custom-house af Galveston, [
in order to concur m the amendment proposed by
the House of Representatives. There will be no !
discussion about it. ;
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House !
of Representatives to the joint lesolution (S. No. ,
54) for changing the plan of the custom-house at j
Galveston, in the State of'Texas, whioh is to
add:
Jlnd provided further. That thp consent, in writing, of the
contractors and their sureties for the conjunction of the
said custom-house, to such alteration, sh.ill be fii&t had and
deliveied to the Secretary oi the Tiea:uiv.
The amendment was concurred in.
DEEP RIVER, NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. REID. I rise to ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up the report oi the Committee on
Printing on the motion to print the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating the report
of office's appointed by him to make the examin-
ation of the iron, coal, and timber, of the Deep
river country, in the State of North Carolina.
We can dispose of it in a minute or two, I think.
Mr. BROWN. I must interpose against any-
thing that tfives rise to debate.
Mr. REID. It will not give rise to debate, in
my judgment. If it goes over the morning hour,
I shall let it lie over until another day.
Mr. BROWN. I give notice that at one o'clock
I shall insist on the special order.
The motion of Mr. Reid was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the adverse re-
port of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. REID. With regard to the printing of
this communication, which is a short one, and in-
volves, I believe, only an expenditure of three or
four hundred dollars, by the permission of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs, I
will ask that a letter to him from the Committee
on Military Affairs in the House be read. It will
show the importance of having this document
printed. ' •
The Secretary read the following letter:
Hotsk of Okpresfntativfs. Jniuwrv^o, 3859.
Sir: In the absence of Mr. Faulkner, ehaninan of the
Military Committee of the Iiou>e, I rienre lo say to you,
that otn committee is informed that tln-ie lias been <111 ex-
amination of Deepnvei coal mines, North Caiolma, with
the view of detei mining their nttlitv m the establishment
of a national fouudeiy, of which a repott is m the hand- ot
youi committee. The Mihuty Committee of the llou*e
now iiave under confederation sundiy lulls for tne estab-
lishment of a national foiinderv, in which this leport is
desirable. You wilt, theiclore, oblige us> by having it
printed.
Very respectfully, yours, &.C., B. STANTON,
lion JKn<\ Davis,
Chuinnan Military Committee, United States Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. When the Committee on Print-
ing reported adversely to the proposition to print
this suivey, they had not the facts contained in
the letter winch has just been read to the Senate.
It was before the Committee on Printing as a
simple proposition to print this survey, with the
accompanying map, as a matter of geographical
information and interest. It is now presented as
connected with action in the House of Representa-
tives upon a different subject from that to which
the Committee on Printing had their attention
drawn; that is, the establishment of a national
foundery; and if this survey should show that
there are peculiar advantages for the establish-
ment of a national foundery ai that location greater
than have been discoveredelsewhere, it might de-
cide the question
It has another relation to the public service. It
is known that the Government ha*, from time to
time appropriated sums of money to a large ex-
tent for the erection of an arsenal of c.onstiuction
at Fayctieville, in North Carolina. This exam-
ination develops the existence of iron, as well as
white-oak timber, used in the construction ofgun
carriages; and this being to us a species of inform-
ation which is essential m determining the ques-
tion how far the aisenal in Payctieville shall be
made an arsenal of construction, if these fields of
coal and iron and timber are approachable and
valuable as described, it gives an importance to
the already constructed arsenal at Fayetteville
which it has not heretofore possessed. This view,
in connection with that piesented in the letter that
was read, 1 think would warrant the Senate in
printing the documents; and 1 think if they had
been before the Committee on Punting, it would
have changed the result, and caused them to le-
port favorably instead of adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The motion is to disagree to the re-
port of the committee, and to print the document.
Mr. COLLAM FR. If ] rightly understand the
Senator from Mississippi, what he has urged
would seem to be the foundation lor iccommitting
this report. Is that the motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Printing had
before them simply the question to print.
Mr. COLLAMLR. And other mateiials aie
now presented, I under tand.
Mr. DAVIS. The int rmation was not before
them.
Mi. COLLAMER. Do you think it would
have altered their opinion if it had been before
them r
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then I move that it be re-
committed to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. On that question I will merely
state lo the Senate that there seems to me to be a
queer mode of proceeding on all these questions.
We refer to the Committee on Priming the ques-
tion whether a document shall be punted or not,
which document 1 elates to interests in charge of
other committees, and of which the Committee on
Printing have no power to judge. For instance,
immense collections of manuscript connected with
matters of foreign relations are submitted, and
we necessarily go to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to learn whether
they have any value or not. The Committee on
Printing can merely estimate the cost of the print-
ing. I thmk the practice of sending to the Com-
mittee on Printing a question as to the value of a
paper, is altogether erroneous. It is impossible
that they should give the Senate any advice on
which-the Senate ought toact on such a question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot appreciate ex-
actly the gentleman's remarks on this particular
occasion, if the question were befofe us whether
we had the right system in regard to that com-
mittee, or if the question were before us on a
proposition to change that system, the remarks
of the honorable Senator would be very pertinent
indeed; but, inasmuch as we have established this
system of referring these questions to the Com-
mittee on Printing, not meiely to decide the cost
but whether tire document will be worth that cost-
when printed, I think we ought not to overrule
their decisions on the,, suggestion of there being
new matter, without submitting that new matter
to them. Hence, I insist on my motion that this
report be recommitted.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator misapprehends, I
think, the point of my remarks. He will see that
the Committee on Printing make a report on the
expense of printing; they are not expected to
know the mei its of the case, except so far as they
learn thepi from other committees having charge
of the subject. If the Committee on Printing did
not at that time learn fiom the Committee on
Military Affairs the facts which would induce
them to report favorably on thisapplication, and
these facts are subsequently brought before the
Senate, I cannot see the necessity of sending it
back to the Committee on Punting, as a sieve
through which the information the Senate pos-
sesses should be passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. In that view our Printing
Committee is of very little use to us. The Com-
mittee on Piinting becomes merely mechanical,
accordmgto the honorable Senator's view, if they
merely report what the cost of the material and
labor will be.
Mr. DAVIS. Not merely that. f
Mr. COLLAMER. It is true they have that
committed to them, but I do not consider Chat the
main thins:. I still persist in the idea, and I have
governed myself accordingly, that this committee
are to judge of the expediency of publishing a
paper submitted to them. If they were merely
to ascertain and present the amount of expense,
and leave the question of the propriety of printing
to the Senate itself, it would he highly proper that
we should proceed to examine each case on its
merits, and ascertain from the proper source how
important the subject was.
Air. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him whether he supposes the Committee on
Printing are expected to read all the manuscripts
sent to them ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose they are to ascer-
tain at least what the subject-matter is. I sup-
pose they arc to ascertain from such sources, and
through such channels as they think entitled to
weight, howimpoitant this publication is—how
important it is to the public service; and, in the
next place, to ascertain what will be the expense
of it, and comparing these together, to arrive at
the result of recommending to this body whether,
upon the whole, it ought to be printed. It is not
to consider any one of these elements, but all of
them, and it is on all of them that we understand
we receive these reports. I give full weight to
the gentleman's suggestions. I cannot judge, I
am not prepared to judge, of the value of this pub-
lication upon the statement of any individual, and
I have not even the elements of the expense before
me. I do not know how much the expense of
this publication will be.
Mr. CLING-MAN. It is reported that it will
cost for the report, maps, and all, $359.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that is icpurted as one
of the elements, the next question is, how import-
ant-, how valuable is it, to the public service to
print this document? We are assured by the
honorable Senator from Mississippi that it is val-
uable, and he has told us m what lespect. It
shows the condition of that region of country for
the purpose of a contemplated foundery for cast-
ing cannon, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator did not hear the
letter read, I expect. It was an application from
the House Committee on Military AfFaiis.
Mr. FITCH. It may be recollected, perhaps,
by the Senator from Vermont, that when the
Printing Committee reported adversely to print-
ing this document, they did it in pursuance of
