APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
3St ff cong... .2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Washington and Oregon—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
to Wexpected that it would'bring even the cash jj
price of tfie country; far every one knows what i'
the effect is of throwing upoVi the market a large :
quantity of provisions. "
'Again*, he complains that we sold more horses \
thsiv^ehad purchased.' He brings that as evi- J
denceof^reat irregularity-and^great unreliability I
m*du£ aeeoknts.-' W-611, eir, we lost some horses,-;
in the service," and some were captured
bjNf&, Indians, but We captured many, from the
Indians. &hc£ all those horses' wefe turned in as
public property and sold at public-auction. They
were'an inferior kind of Indian horses, run down
by-service, which brought the lowpriceof which
the "Auditor complains.' ■' .
^ir, the fact that we sold more horses j
than we purchased is^undentable. Animals were :
captured fromthfe hostile Indians. There were
stringent orders issued to both Territories pro-
hibiting the appropriation of captured propefty
to private usefe; and'such property was accounted
for &nd sr61d,&nd the proceeds made use of to
diminish our debt;
•in j&stke to the quartermasterandcommissary
general of the Washington forces, General Mil- '
leVj'who has come under the animadversions of |
the Third Auditor, and than whom there is not !
on that coast a man of larger business capacity, I
or more inflexible integrity, I desire to quote from i
his official report passages showing the discour-
aging circumstances under which our operations
were c'arned on, and the facts in regard to the
sales of Our animals, and other means of trans-
portation:
" The operations of the department under my charge have
been earned on under very discouraging circumstances.
Titere was no ready money with which 10 meet daily ex-
pauses. Theie weie no targe cities, or wealthy communi
ties, where supplies could bo purchased for the immediate
need of the troops. Everything had to be obtained, if pos-
sible, for scrip, from either this or Oregon Territory, both
j-partely populated, already impoveri.^hed by Indian hostili-
ties, and of which a large number of the inhabitants were in
arms against the common enemy. In this Territory, espe-
cially, many of the tarmers had been driven from Their
claims ; others, with every disposition to help the common
cause, coufd not do so without depriving their families of
bread* Notwithstanding thw, the conduct of the citizens
has been worthy of all praise. Without their zealous co-
operation, the volunteers would have starved.
,l In obedience to orders, the public pioperty has been
deposed ol a-s goon ae possible; and all lias.te 1^ being made
to bung the yflairs ol the department to aclo>e. I am grat-
ified to be able to Mate that much of it sold at a high ad-
vance on the original prices, which were regarded as ex-
travagant at the commencement 01 the wai, Yet-, horses,
which eo#i $"2f>0 to {$400. brought ttorn ,$£00to ,$600; wagons,,
costing $200, were readily nold for $300 j and oxen weie
disposed of at llmty per cent, above cost. This, too. after
the property has-been, ot course, deteriorated by mx mouths'
active feerviee.
"As an evidence of the fidelity with which the public in-
terest lias been protected, it is sufficient to state that.whiHt
live hundred and seventy-one hordes were purchased for
the service, eix hundred have been turned in aftd sold.
When it is remembered that many .of the animals have died
in :>emce, and that many have been captured by the en-
emv, it will be wfHj how faithfully the animals purchased,
and those captured atGiande Rondo, have been accounted
for.5'
IIow is it with sales in the regular service?
How was it with the sale of the vast quantities of
supplies, transportations, See., at Vera Cruz, at
the close of the Mexican war ? How was it at a
similar sale at the Brazos ? It is a matter of noto-
riety, that everything was sold for u song. How
is it with the sale of condemned property at mil-
itary posts; with the sale of horses reported upon
by a board of officers, and pronounced unfit for
service? How is it with the sale of provisions,
condemned for a like reason? Bow is it with the
sale of clothing, condemned for a like reason ? I
know something about these sales, and if the
Third Auditor had gone to the records ot' the War
Department, and had ascertained the prices at
which condemned horses and other property had
been sold at the military posts in Oregon and
Washington, he would have had reason to con-
gratulate the National Treasury upon the sale of
horses, made in the volunteer service of these Ter-
ritories. The report of the Auditor shows that
many animals sold at prices exceeding the cost,
after having rendered six and nine months'ser-
vice, and become very much reduced in flesh and
fitness for service in the operation.
We hjuye* Mr. Chairman* been between two
fires in that Territory, and we now find ourselves
between the veteran general, who declared that
we could only subsist ourselves by plundering the
Indians, and the Third Auditor, who complains
of us because we had such ample transportation,
and such amp!esupplies*,transportationsand sup-
plies which made it entirely unnecessary to plun-
der the Indians. Who is to be relied upon? the
commanding general, or the Third Auditor?
I will call your attention to some remarks
of General Woo), contained in his letter from
Benecia, August 4, 1856, addressed to the head-
quarters of the Army. General Wool, referring
to the operations of Colonel Shaw against the
hostile Cayuses and Walla-Wallas, uses this lan-
guage:
"In doing this, his object"—that is, the object of Gov-
ernor Stevens—" was to provoke a continuance of the war
with the Walla-Wallas, and to plunder the Indians of their
horses and cattle
And again,he wrote to Colonel Wright, through
his chief of staff, Major Mackall, under date of
August 2, as follows:
"It appears that Colonel Shaw, fron*- Puget Sound, with
his voJunteers, has gone to the Walla Watla country. Hh
men can only be subsisted by plundering the Indians in that
country
Such are General Wool's reports in 1856; and
now the Third Auditor speaks with surprise of
the amount of our transportations and our accu-
mulation of supplies, and finds fault with the
forecast and success which prepared the sinews
of war in defense of our people.
Let me indulge a moment in reminiscence. I
had peculiar feelings, as the Executive of thg Ter-
ritory, in that matter, I was the Indian super-
intendent, and I had sworn a solemn oath to pro-
tect their rights. I had told them in council that
I was their father, and it was to me a matter of
conscience, as well as a matter of determination,
that these friendly Indians should be protected.
And this was the reason why I, as the Execu-
tive, desired to accumulate supplies and to get
transportation, so that the volunteers should not
be tempted to plunder, to procure subsistence.
And yet this very forecast, this very care, both
of the troops and of the Indians who were then
friendly, is made a matter of reproach. IIow
could we judge when the war would terminate?
On Puget Sound, as 1 observed last session, we
had three Indians to every able-bodied white man,
and it was a country peculiarly fitted for Indian
warfare. The immense forests on the shores of
Puget Sound afforded the Indians inaccessible re-
treats, and the vvateis of that sound gave them the
means of collecting all their forces, in order to
strike down any settlement on its shores.
I felt it to be my duty, and that was the feeling
in both of the Territories, to take time by the fore-
lock, to accumulate supplies and means of trans-
portation, so that we could protect the settlements
against Indian rapine and massacre. And, sir,
if I were to be put m a similar position, 1 can-
not tell how, in these respects, I could act more
wisely, or deserve better the approbation of my
country.
There is also complaint made in this report that
we furnished families with food. I wish I could
speak to this House on this point; that I could
portray the condition of that most unfortunate and
most distressed people. Why, sir, our people
lived in block-houses for six months. Farmers
were driven from their claims. Three counties
were wiped out. In several settlements every soul
was massacred. We had many families on the
verge of starvation. They could not get away,
and they could not get wherewithal to keep body
and soul together. What did humanity require ?
What did public duty require ? What diti the
precedents furnished by the regular service re-
quire? To see them starve, or to furnish them
with rations? What is done in the regular ser-
vice in such cases? What is done to the dis-
tressed emigrant families upon the plains? Why,
sir, rations are issued out to them. Trains are
got up, and supplies are sent to them. It has
been done in Washington; it has been done in
Oregon; and instead of being made a matter of
complaint, it has always received the approval
and commendation of superior authority. That
was the case in both of these Territories. I little
dreamed, when reading in my youth the history
of New England, of my native State, Massachu-
setts, and of my native town—and 1 was horn in
a hous?e the scene of Indian burnings—I little
dreamed that my fortunes would carry me to the
extreme northwest of my country, and that it
should be my fate, in connection with its people,
to do what J could to save them from t he horrors
of an Indian war. I now see, in my mind's eye,
the early history of New England; and, sir, I say
that there has not been a parallel, in danger and
in difficulty and in suffering, to the history of
Oregon and."Washington, during the years 1855
and 1856. I s^y it without fear of contradiction.
The Auditor also brings forward, to the dispar-
agement of the service, the fact that clothing was
issued to the volunteers when they were going
out of service. Did that show judgment and a
proper regard for the public interest or not ? The
volunteers had not received one cent of money
for their services. There was a considerable sum
due to them. Their clothes were worn out. Was
it the duty of the territorial authorities to send •
them home naked to their families, or to issue to
them clothing which was on hand, at the scrip
prices, and charge the same upon the muster
rolls? Which best protected the rights of the
Government, the disposition of this property at
the prices for which they were purchased, thus
involving no expenditure to the Treasury, or the
forcing the clothing upon the market at public
sale at a greater depreciation in value ? The Au-
ditor finds fault with the sales, and he finds fault
with issues to discharged volunteers. These were
the simple alternatives. I protest against such
trifling and carping, as unworthy of a public func-
tionary, and as calculated to cast discredit upon
this Government.
He seems also to be surprised at the large quan-
tities of clothing issued to volunteers in the field.
The commission was acquainted with the field of
operations, which explained the whole matter.
The scouts were made mostly in heavily timbered
regions without trails, in the rainy weather, and
the wear and tear of clothing was many times
greater than in ordinary service.
The Auditor complains that men were retained
in service and obtained pay of the commission
after the volunteers were disbanded; forgetting,
or not appreciating the fact that these services
were indispensable to settling the accounts, and
preparing the final papers for the action of the
commission. It has taken the Auditor the whole
recess of Congress to make a somewhat" cur-
sory examination" of these accounts and papers.
Does he suppose, or does this committee sup-
pose, that we could settle up the business with-
out keeping in service,forsorne considerable time,,
the heads of departments, with suitable subordi-
nates and assistants ? And were such services to
be recognized by the commission or this Govern-
ment ? It was a service honestly, fairly, and ne-%
cessarily rendered,and is entitled to consideration
equally with service rendered previous to the dis-
banding of the volunteers. His allusions to Gen-
eral Millerare entirely gratuitous and unfounded.
If he will tuke the tt ouble to inquire, and not.pro-
ceed rashly to decide, he will unquestionably find
ample justification for the action of the commis-
sion in the allowances to htm of compensation;
and so of the other gentlemen to whom he alludes.
Again: the Auditor seems to be surprised that
animals were purchased or brought into service
by appraisement from the enlisted men of the ser-
\ice, and that there were men in the service who
received pay for-more than one horse. He says:
"Captain Yanto-^s company, of only twenty three strong,
including four commissioned officer*, were also called out
to pioteetthe United States commissioners making treaties
with the Indian*, in which one private la reported for pay
for tluee horses m seivice, wlncli was two more than he
was entitled to keep.
u Many of the owners of this property, if not the greater
part ot them, were members ot Captain Maxous's com*
pany, and an examination would probably show that all of
them weie members ol this or some othei company."
Now, the facts would satisfy even the Auditor
himself. It is extraordinary that it should be
made a reproach against the service that the men
of means in the country, not only freely furnished
of their substance to free the country from the
horrors of an Indian war, but gave their own per-
sonal services into the bargain; for it is a fact that
the most extensive and wealthy of the farmers
and stock-raisers enlisted as privates, left their
herds and fields to waste and decay-, and marched
into the interior, or operated in the forests of Pu-
get Sound and southern Oregon, to bring back
peace to their distracted country. Men enlisted
