830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the general policy adopted by them to report in
favor of printing nothing on which it was not pro-
posed to base legislation,unless it might be some
document which had been, by general custom,
heretofore ordered to be printed. There was not
only negative evidence before the committee at
that time, but positive evidence, m the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, that there was no le-
gislation contemplated on this subject. But it
appears from the letter read to-day, from a gen-
tleman of the Military Committee of the House, ;
that it is contemplated to base legislation upon it; j
and if such knowledge had been before the com-
mittee, 1 think it very probable that they would
have reported in favor of the printing; but, in the
absence of such knowledge, and in the presence
of positive evidence to the contrary, they did not
deem it necessary to report in favor of the print-
ing.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the committee, it sus-
tains the very motion I make. "Whether his com-
mittee, with that new information, would report
in favor of printing or not, of course he cannot
say until he consults the committee. That is the
very reason I want it to go there.
Mr. REID. If the Senator will permit me one
moment, i can say that i should have no objec-
tion to its being recommitted, except that the doc-
ument is needed by the Military Committee in the
other House, and a recommitment merely amounts
to a delay. That is the only reason why I pre-
ferred that it should be acted on now without being
recommitted to tin* committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is a very easy matter
for these gentlemen to send here for a icport. I
do not see why a recommitment wilt delay it.
That begs the question, and assumes that of
couise the document must be printed; it is petitio
principii.
Mr. REID. I trust these gentlemen would send
no communication here saying that they desired
the document if they did not nerd it. I presume
th«y are acting in good faith. There is no collu-
sk>n on my patt with them, or on theirs with me.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not say there is any
collusion about it; but when the committee have
reported against it once—and it is suggested that
new elements arc now brought forward that would
induce a different report from that committee—
we should try it by reeommiU ng the subject to
thciru
Mr. FITCH. I think, perh;r s, the views of
the Senator fiom Veimont are correct in this
case. I did not listen to the letter as attentively,
peihaps, as I should have done; but it does pro-
sent the matter in a new light, end it is well
enough for the committee again to investigate it.
They meet on Monday.
Mr. DROWN, i must insist on this subject
being postponed. I cannot allow the whole day
to be wasted.
Mr. REID. Let us take the question on recom-
mitting.
Mr. BROWN*". If the Senate wiMtake the vote,
I have no election; but I cannot stand by and
see the day wasted away.
The motion to lecommit the report was agreed
to*
RAILWAY ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. BROWN". I insist on the execution of
the order setting apart to-day for the considera-
tion of business of the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That business
is now in order.
Mr. BROWN. The railway bill was left as
the unfinished business last Saturday, and I pro-
pose now to take it nn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill cumes
up regularly in oider.
Mr. BRIGHT. The day having been set apart
for the District business, it is cleaily the privilege
of the Senate to express a preference iurany pai-
tieular bill that comes within the order. I think
it is a matter of more consequence that we should
dispose of the bill in relation to water, than that
we should take up the bill to provide for the con-
struction of a lailroad along Pennsylvania ave-
nue; and I move that the unfinished business be
postponed, so as to enable the Senate to take up
and dispose of the bill (S. Nu. 5o8) to provide
for the care and preservation of the works con-
structed by the United States for bringing water
into the city of Washington. I suggest to the
j honorable Senator from Mississippi that the bill
. which he calls up will doubtless lead to a lengthy
^ discussion, and the probability is that the bill that
I desire to call up will be disposed of in a short
time. I am apprehensive that if the bill provid-
ing for a railroad be taken up first, the whole day
, will be consumed;and for that reason I make my
; motion, feeling that it is my duty to do so. The
, committee I repiesent have instructed me to do
so.
Mr. BROWN. I hope no such order will be
made; but I have no idea of consuming the day
in discussing the order of business, whether we
1 shall take up the railway bill or this bill first. We
had up the railway bill last Saturday, and nearly
got through with it. Now, I think it a want of
; economy in time, to say nothing else, to pass it
; by and take up anything else. I trust the Senate
will keep the railroad bill before them until it be
, disposed of m some way. I do not want to talk
about it -
: Mr. BRIGHT. I merely wish to have the
' sense of the Senate as to the preference they will
! give.
Mr. n\YARD. t hope the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana will not prevail.
The Senate haveaheady had underconsideration
■ the railway bill. All rational debate on the sub-
ject has been fairly exhausted; there is no reason
why wc should not proceed to vote on it. But to
take up one measure, half discuss it, and then £o
to anot her measu re distinct in its chaiactor, which
, will probably give lisc to debate, is not a proper
mode of doing business. I take it for granted that
this wafer-works bill, which contemplates giving
! authority to the city of Washington to connect
!, pipes, to belaid through the streets for private
j, use, with the Government mams, will necessarily
,! give rise to debate. 1 think we had bettei'dispose
! of the subject-matter before us. Further, I doubt
j' very much, as a matter of convenience-, whether
I the railroad bill, for the benefit and the conve-
, liienee not only of Congiesa, but of peisons at-
tending heic, us well as for the District, is not
i more important than the bill of the honorable
i Senator from Indiana
The PR ESI DING OFFICER. The question
: is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana to
1 postpone all prior ordeis,and take up Senate bill
I No. 558.
I Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays; and
|j they were ordered.
m Mr. SEBASTIAN. I merely wish to say that
!| my colleague, Mr. Johnson-, of Arkansas, re-
quested me to paii off with him on the question
, in regard to the avenue railroad bill. As I re-
. gard this as a test vote, to please him 1 shall not
' vote. We aie on opposite sides on the question;
I am agam.*t it, and he is for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 27; as follows: '
YE \S—Mo**r*. Allen. Hate-, Bnght. Chesnut, Cling-
ma'i, Hunterlone-,,M.ilh rv,Ma-bn, Pupfh, Shield-,
Sinlrll, Trunnion o{ N<\v Jer^ev, Toornb-. VVadc, and
WndH—17
NAYS—Me-s-rs. l'a\nid, Biodeiiek, Riown, Cameron,
Chamllei, Cohanier. Ctiiieriden, Dixon. Doolmle, Durkee,
I'Vsivcndt'ii, Fitch. Frtzparuek, Giren. Hale, Hamlin, H u-
, lain IJou-loii John*onot Tenner-,-ee. Kennedv, Kins, lU' d,
J iltce, Scu.ud, Simmon*,Trumbull, and Wil-.oii—27.
I, So the motion of Mr. Bright was not agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ac-
| coidinijly resumed the consideiation of the bill
| (II. II. No. 541) in relation to a railway along
I Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington city, in
]: the District of Columbia; the pending question
I being on the following amendment, offeied by
S: Mr Johnson, of Tennessee:
J, Jlndhe it further entitled, Thar nothing in this act con-
r wined shall ho construed to authorize trie <aid Washing
I ton I'a*^enger Railway Companj to make, issue. or put m
|i circulation, any bill, diafr, chock, order, piojm.**ory note.
; eveh.mge iieUor, oi any tinny ptonnc.jorj' or agreeing
' to pay money, intended to be circulated as money ot eut-
lency ; and the violation oi any one of the provision* ot this
1 seeiion -hall be a lork-ituie ot the chartei heieni gianted,
and a nne of ntt.v doliataj against each of the directors vot-
1 ni£ for the r-ame.
; And he it further enacted. That each of the stockholder*,
in *=.ud pa^-nsei laihvny company shall be liable in his
individual capacity lor ali tile debt-! and liabilities of the
' said eonjpun , how ever contracted or inclined, to bo le-
covered by tint as other dobtsor liabilities, betore the court
i or tubunai having juiwhction of the case.
i Mr. BROWN. These are salutary umend-
j racnts, and I certainly have no objection to them
| in themselves. It is well enough to put them in.
^ I would very muck rather have the amendments
already put in rejected, and retain the original
bill, if that can be done; and when weget the bill
into the Senate, I shall insist upon taking that
course with it; but for the time being, I am will-
ing to see these amendments voted in; arid if others
are retained, let them be retained also.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I heartily approve the ob-
ject which the Senator from Tennessee has m
view, but I would suggest the propriety of adding
a proviso to the last clause of his amendment.
As it now is, if a man holds a hundred dollars
worth of stock m this company, he is liable for
$10,000, if the company owe it. It seems to me
that it would be proper to make each owner lia-
ble to the extent of his stock. A poor man, who
owned very little of it, ought not to be made lia-
ble for the whole amount. I merely suggest that
no man ought to be liable beyond the value of
his stock. Would not that, as a matter of prin-
ciple, be right ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The object,
I would state to the Senator, is to make the com-
pany responsible for all the debts they incur.
One man might own stock and not be worth any-
thing; another man might own stock and be worth
double the amount of the stock he owned; and
the object is to make it responsible as a corpora-
tion, to make it responsible as a whole, for all its
debts and contracts.
Mr. BAYARD. If I supposed that this bill
! needed the gtiaids which the amendment contem-
j plates, I should vote for it. cheerfully, and would
! not vote for the bill without it; but I cannot see
' the necessity of incumbering the bill with amend-
, menrs which I look upon as entirely nugatory.
! Under this grant there can be no possibility of
. any corporation having authority under the lan-
, guagc of the bill to issue notes of any species or
' kind for the purpose of passing as money; and
J the object of the restriction is, I suppose, to pre-
vent that. I therefoie think it unnecessary.
The second clause is also equally unnecessary,
as I view it, because we have retained the right
i in this bill to repeal it at pleasure. It would be
j quite sufficient ground for Congress to repeal the
| law, if the parties attempted to pervert it from the
• purpose for which the authority is given, in either
! of the respects guarded against by the amendment.
: I do not think this is more than a quasi corpora-
tion at best; it can hardly be called a corporation;
i it can hardly be called stock in the shape in which
it stands. If it is the desire of the parties to whom
; the grant is made to convert it into stock, and
make it personal property, transmissible as such,
j independentof the acts of thecorporation, I think
; they will have to come to Congress for a corporate
' act. I do not see, under this bill, how it is pos-
, sible they can do if. All the effect of the bill is
i to enable the persons named in it, with those
! whom they choose to associate with them, to con-
i stiuct a railroad. After that, their personal rights
j will have to pass, accoiding to the ordinary laws,
■ to their respective personal representatives, unless
; there be some further legislation to create them a
| corporation. I do not view the bill as creating a
1 corporation positively; 1 do not think it can be so
viewed by any person.
I think the amendment proposed isunnecesary;
I though I would vote for it unhesitatingly if I
| thought it necessary, and would not vote for the
; bill without it, if I thought we had toguard against
| such evils; but we have the absolute power of re-
; pealing the law, which gives us the control on any
; leasomibie ground to repeal it, and certainly it
' would be a reasonable ground if the grantees were
I to attempt to perveit the power we grant for a
: purpose which we did not contemplate. Think-
| m<r, therefore, that these provisions would but
; incumber the bill, without producing any benefit
or any guard to the public interest, or any benefit
I to any one whatever, I shall vote against the
! amendment.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
! ready for the question on the amendment?
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The yeas and
j nays were ordered whep the amendment was
i offered before, and the Senate found itself with-
i out a quorum.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
I so consider it, unless corrected by the memory
of any Senator.
Mr. HALE. I have not had the pleasure of
hearing what has been said on the other side of
the Chamber; but I think the amendment will
