210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Washington and Oregon—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. op Reps.
cents per day each. The Third Auditor con-
eluded—and very naturally, perhaps—that such
were the cash prices of the'hire of animals and
wagons at that time, whereas the truth is that
they were the sen;) prices. That was what each
day's use of a horse, or mule, or yoke of oxen,
or wagon, cost the volunteer service in scrip. For
taking the cost of the animals and wagons wc
purchased, and deducting from it the amount for
which we sold the same, and distributing the bal-
ance through the days' work of animals and wag-
ons, we find the cost to the volunteer service was
about fifty cents per day, and such was the
charge made for their use against the Indian ser-
vice. Observe, that this whole matter was a thing
which grew up in consequence of a particular
turn in affairs, which was not anticipated and pro-
vided for in the beginning. The battle of Grande
Ronde was fought, and a great victory gained
over the Indians. They all sent in messengers
asking for peace. The Nez Perces, particularly,
who had been friendly up to that time, asked me
to go to the Walla-Walla and meet them m coun-
cil. This victory and the changed deportment of
the Indians, in connection with the movement of
regular troops to the Walla-Walla, which before
that time had been refused, as the official reports
show, changed the whole aspect of affairs. Al-
though I had issued a proclamation calling out
two hundred additional volunteers, I immediately
revoked it, and disbanded the volunteers already
in service in that quarter of the Territory; that
left on hand a large quantity of provisions, which
could be applied with great advantage to supply-
ing the wants of friendly Indians, and subsisting
them at the council. Thus, supplies purchased
for the volunteer operations, were applied to the
Indian service, and at prices which provisions
bring at sales where a large quantity is thrown
upon the market. It was believed, simply, but
just to the volunteer service, to charge the Indian
service precisely what it cost the volunteer ser-
vice to transport them.
I do not make any complaint of the deduction
of the Third Auditor, for it was natural; but it is
seen how indispensable it is for the facts to be
known before a deduction is made. These facts
were known to the commissioners who examined
into tlieni all, carefully; and then- w.is great care
taken to piotect the interests of the Govern-
ment.
The resolutions to winch reference has been
made, by which the. whole matter is referred back
to the Third Auditor, are as follows:
"'Rriolncd, That, preliminary to tin; final settlement and
aiiju-tineiit of chums of citizens of the Temtoues of Ore-
gon :in<l Washington, for expend inclined in the yeau
l^.l.V.lG, in lepollmg Indian hostilities, it shall lie the duty
or the Tin id Audit oi ol the Treasury to examine the voiu h
cis and paper* now on lile in his othee, and make a lepoit
to the llou-e of li< pie-<cntati\ (>* by iiu> first Monday in l)-1-
eeuibei in \t, of the amounts re-peeiively due to each coin-
p invalid individual engaged in such mm vice; taking the
lollownig i ules as lxi--> guide m ascertaining the amounts -o
due.
'• 1. fie --hall recognise no (ompany m individual a- eiih
tied jo p.u. except Mich weir called into m'ivico hy the
iiinion.ii -mtlioi ui'-j-oi Otc^on and Wa hmgnm, or Mich
whoso services have hern ieeogin/cd and accepted by the
sod aiithoulies.
*• 2 lt<; shall allow to the volunteeis eiuMged in *«ud mm-
vici' no lugbet pay and allowances ili.sn woo given to oil!
eeis and soldin ■. ot equal grade at that penod in the Army
oi tho UmtcU States, including the e.xtia pa\ ol two dollars
pet month given to troups serving on (lie L'aeitic, hy tho act
\o peiM>n, either m the inihtaiy oi civil service of
the {'nitcd States, in s-aid Tenuous, shall ho paid toi Ins
semee m in')ie than one employment oi rapacity for the
j-ame period of time; and all such double oi tuple allow-
ances for pay as appear in said accounts shall be rejected.
•• 1. That in auditing the claim -i for supplu tumsporta-
ikmi, and othet services incurred toi the maintenance of -■aid
volunteers he is doectod to have a due legaid to the num-
boi ot said tioops, to their penod ol sej vice, <ird to the price-
current in the counm at the ttui", and not to report said
s-ei vice beyond the turn"1 actually e"gaged therein, noi to
recognize supphe- beyond ;i reasonable approximation to
the proportions and dcseuption • uiithoi i -cod hy existing laws
ami regulation- fot -urli noup,. taking into eousideiation
tlni natuie and peculiarity of the service.
"0. That all elauu- ot said voluntas for hoists, aim-,
and otbei prop"rtv io-t or destrojed m said -ervieo. >di;ill be
audited accoKimg to the piovisious of the act appioved
Match X, k-l'J.5'
'These resolutions not only direct the Auditor
to scale the prices to the cash prices in our coun-
try, which he has not and cannot have the inform
auon to do, but also directs him to decide as to
the quantity of supplies and transportation re-
ceived for the service, a duty which the Third
Auditor will be equally impotent to perform.
But, in the face of tlie known facts as to prices
in that country, these resolutions forbid the Au-
ditor to allow more than $200 for the appraised
value of a horse, and it is obvious that every pur-
chase of horses will be reduced to that price by the
Third Auditor. It matters not that horses at pri-
vate sale bring from three to five hundred dollars.
It matters not that the people are taxed for their
horses at the same rates. It matters not that all
these purchases were made by contract, and that
governmental faith is involved. They must all
be brought to the bed of Procrustes. Because
General Wool bought a few worthless Indian po-
nies and worn-out American horses, for from
$80 to $200, every one of which was condemned
as unfit for service; therefore the large, strong-
limbed, serviceable, and hardy American horses
of the volunteers, which were fit for service, which
did come up to the regulation standard, which
went through long and severe campaigns, living
simply on grass, and which enabled the volun-
teers to strike the hardest blows, and achieve the
greatest victories over the Indians, which were
struck and achieved either by volunteers or reg-
ulars, are to be paid for at rates from $80 to §200.
This course is not only unjust to our people, but
disgraceful to our Government.
The resolutions nominally propose to give the
volunteer the same pay as the regular service.
But, practically, they do not. For, in the regular
service, every man enlisted in Oregon and Wash-
ington is paid §142 bounty money, that being the
estimated costof transporting recruits to that dis-
trict from the Atlantic depots. It cost $150,000
to transport the ninth regiment of infantry to Port
Vancouver, and $50,000 more before they reached
their appropriate field of labor in the interior. Yet,
an amendment offered to these resolutions, pro-
posing t o pay the bounty to the volunteers, to make
their pay equal in every respect to that of the
regular service, was voted down.
There is another consideration which gives pe-
culiar weight to these claims, and which entitles
the territorial authorities and the commission to
the confidence of this Congress. The facts and
circumstances of the service were promptly and
minutely reported to this Government through
the War Department, just as they occurred. For
myself, as the Kxecutive of Washington, I took
especial care to report carefully by every mail,
not only what had been done, but what was pro-
posed to be done. These reports have all been
published by order of Congress, and are there-
fore within the official knowledge of the members
of this committee. Did the Government disap-
prove of the operations of the territorial author-
ities? They gave not a single intimation of dis-
approval. Did they direct the disbanding of the
volunteers5 Nothing of the kind.
1 reported in May the probable expenses of the
service in Washington Territory, and the proba-
ble length of time it would bo necessary to keep
the volunteers m the field. Whilst I expressed
my determination to keep down expenses to the
lowest possible point, and to bring the service to
a close at the earliest possible period, 1 expressed
the opinion m May that it would not be safe to
estimate that the expenses would bo less than be-
tween one million nine hundred thousand and two
million do]tars. The commission, after a labo-
nous and faithful examination, repott the debt
about three quarters of that amount. The indebt-
edness was kept down so much below the esti-
mates, partly by our care and success in reducing
the expenses and length of the service, and partly
by good judgment and good fortune in disposing
by sale of the public property left on our hands
at fho <lose of the war.
In like manner, as the Indian superintendent, I
reported m great detail to the Indian department
all my operations m the Indian service, which
reports have also been published by order of Con-
fess; and I defy the most censorious and the
most prejudiced to read consecutively my reports
m the Indian and military service, without com-
ing to the conclusion (hat there was the most per-
fect and immovable determination so to manage
uiTairs as to bring to a conclusion a most disas-
trous Indian war, to protect the Indian tribes in
all their rights, and to conduct the service in a
manner which should deserve the commendation
of all good men who truly love their country, and
desire the advancement of its honor and renown.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I protest against
the action of this House; I protest against the
report of the Third Auditor; I stand fairly and
squarely on the act of the last Congress that es-
tablished this commission; and I demand, in the
name of the people of Washington, that payment
be made according to the awards of that commis-
sion.
APPENDIX.
Statement of J. P. Keller, of Teekalet, Washington Terri-
tory, on the subjcct of claims growing out of Indian hos-
tilities in said Territory.
The Puget Mill Company, of which I am a member, has
been established at Teeftalet, in Washington Territory, and
engaged m the manufacture of lumber, and in mercantile
business, since the summer of 1853. During all that time,
I have been the acting agent of said company, and have had
ample means of knowing the prices of labor, provisions,
supplies, and, in fact, of all descriptions of exchangeable
property on Puget Sound. The company has constantly
kept in its employ a large number of laborers, and has now
m its employ about one hundred and fifty men. Ourstoek
of goods, for the last three or four vears, has averaged fiom
fifteen to twenty-five thousand dollars, chiefly provisions,
clothing, &c.
At the commencement of Indian hostilities in 1855, and
during their continuance, prices of labor, provisions, and
supplies, at Puget Sound, ruled very high, and, with some
lluciuatums, have so continued ever since.
i think I am perfectly safe in saying that labor at Puget
Sound has commanded higher puces, nom 1853 to 1858, than
m any other State or Territory in the United States.
The price of day labor has generally ruled from two to
four dollars, with boarding found by the employer, during
said five years, and sometimes higher. Officers of the Auny
have been compelled to pay day laborers $4, and sometimes
moie The price per month, with boatdirig found, has
lauged from $^5 to $150, according to the kind of service
portoimed.
The Puget Mill Company has had in its employ fiom twen-
ty to one bundled and fifty men, during the tune aforesaid,
at the above rates. All other companies and individuals
employing laborers have been paying about the same iatet.
Puces of provisions and supplies of all kinds, dunng-aid
tune, differed much, m continence of difierence m tunes
when, and places where, delivered or furnished, and accord-
ing to supply and demand ; ai-, in the course of a tew months,
the puces of inanv articles sometimes vaned much in the
niaiketstiom winch they had to be obtained
Flour vva^ refu-ed, at ofTeis of.Jlu, m the course of the
win, and i cached$'15, m San Francisco, in Apnl, 1856.
Pork and beef (good articles) have generally 'itiled at
fiom jJp.'W to for the lasf five years, beef having some-
time* exceeded the price of pork Pork was selling at .$45
per band. on Paget Sound, m the spring of 1853; and, K
think, reached that puce m San Fianc'tseo about the <-amc
time. Prices ruled high lor neatly a yeai pievious. Up to
and duiiim the time of the war, all -.alfed beef and pork was
obtained from San Francisco, and were veiy scarce, at
tunes, on Puget Sound, duung the war.
In Apnl oi May, 1S58, bailey was cents per pound,
and hay .$60 per ton, m San Francisco. Sugar and many
other articles have tiequently reached high rates, at Sah
Fianciseo, during the last hvc yeais; say, caigo  «-ile-, of
sugar, at IBcents; coffee?ooi/ cent-, &(.l} as all know
who have noted the market puces. Soap, candles, &c.,
have otten been ver> high during the same time. AH these
ai ticles, which had to be obtained liom San Fianci&eo, of
ooiu-e commanded higher lates on Puget Sound.
The eontiact to supply the mihtaiypo-t at Foit Town-
send, for 1S37, with rre.-h beef, u a-, at "22} cents per pound,
and the contractor tailed to supply, at that price, lor the.full
>eai.
The price of working ou>n per pair lias ruled ft our £'-50
to ^S20j foi the five years lo-t pa-t, on Puget Souud. The
latter puce was agreed upon at Foit Town^end, lor a pair,
m May, 1818, fur the Puget AIill Company, when it was
known that it would cost twenty dollars to deliver them
where they could bo put to work
But veiy few pans of oxen have co<-t ies« than $375, de-
liveied at the mills of the Puget Mill Company, since the
summei of 1cm3. The company has bought hundreds of
oxen since that time, and has from thiny to forty pans
how.
We do not use horses, but two mul"s co-t, d 'l.veied at
oui mill:;, one in thcspungol 1817, and the othet
in the spiing ot 1858.
I cannot testify as to the justice oi fanners of nil the
.recoil nt> approved by the comuri.^ionern who examined and
reported upon the claim- growing out of mnan hostility s
in Oiegon and Washington. loan sav, tiow-wei, that m
m my instances, puces th.it have been onjected to as ex-
travagantly hiL'h, and which would &.o appeal to any one not
acquainted with the euciinisianccs tindei winch "the con-
tracts w 're made oi the supplies lmm>bed, are, m lact, but
reasonable and ju-4.
Th\> Puget Mill Company furnished lame amounts of
piovj-ion^ and supplies loi the tioop.- duung the \\tn. Thc-e
v^'eie all omeiiased of the coinpmy by Quat tc'iut^ter Rob-
in on, e\_-cpt about ^'0.10(1 woiih tinm-ned C'rpi.irn 1 T\T.
£u'jv, at th. commencement et !io<tiluie-.anil which were
1 in11i-''ci! at Sowei tat s nan could be afio'ded aJteiw.uds.
The seopiies Turni-hed Uiiaiterni.wei Itohn-o.i by the
company were punctually fmnt^Kd upon eon?' n N made
at hi, earnest -.obcitation, and not soe-jiu by the company.
The company wa-. earnestly solu-uod to eontiact toi tur-
uuhujg tuithci supplies', but leui-eri. They coiid-teil prin-
cipally ol provision, purchased by the company at'San
