832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
to having any privileyos of this sort conferred on
the corporation of Washington. I think it will
result in mischief, and nothing hut mischief, es-
pecially under such loosely-drawn provisions as
«tre contained in the amendment now under con-
sideration.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have long
since ceased to be surprised at any difference in
human opinion; but if 1 ha*d not, f should be sur-
bill should not be amended in this way, and, as
far as I can judge of the sense of the Senate, there
has been no objection made to the fact that this
road will be of public utility, and that it ought to
be made; and that it ought to be made at as early
a day as it can be. If that be so, if that be the
desire of the Senate, this bill ought to be passed
untouched by any amendment, ami you will have
the road at the earliest day. It is my desire, cer-
prised that my honorable friend from Virginia j| tainly, that we shall have the road made as soon
_P, 1.1   * U 5...   A T~ .\ tmn 11 no r\/->Qc>i! il o r\vn \; i A i wl thorp is nn OT«ll t nf noiVPr
should support this amendment. Do what you
will with this bill; reject it; clog it with amend-
ments; destroy it, if you do not want the railroad;
let the Senate so decide, and let there be an end to
it; but do not grant such a power as this amend-
ment contemplates to the corporation of Wash-
ington. If the honorable Senator from Virginia
had known what has occurred m other corpora-
tions in regard to the grant of franchises of this
kmd, I think he would hardly carry his doctrines
of popular sovereignty so far as to be willing to
vest in the corporation of Washington the power
to grant a franchise of this nature, fcir, it can end
in nothing but conuption. There is no analogy
between the power of taxation and the power to
grant a corporate franchise. The one the people
feel, and the people will guard against; but the
grant of the franchise tnay be the subject of the
mo$.t unlimited abuse, both as regaids the peisonal
corruption of individuals, and conuption for par-
tisan purposes. I hope that, as we have hitherto
always retained in the Congiess of the United
States the jurisdiction over the avenues in Wash-
ington-, and have never, with all ihe liberality of
our grants to the corporation of Washington, at-
tempted to vest m them legislative power to giant
franchises in connection wuli the public avenues,
we shall not denatt from that policy now.
There is anoiher reason for objecting to this
amendment. This avenue, and the toad to be
constructed on it, is not meant for the benefit of
the citizens of Washington or the corporation of
Washington uloi^e. It is the great public of the
United Statys who are quite as much interested
in the construction of this yx>ad, if it is a public
convenience, as the people ofWashmgton are; and
if they are so interested, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States ought to retain us jurisdiction over the
grant of any franchise for the pui pose of making
the road. Guaid it as yon think pioper; or if
you do not like the bili, kill it; but do not pass
the power from you to grant a franchise m which
the people of the United States, who have to come
here on busin< sa or for other purposes, are as
much interested as the people of thecal}' of Wash-
ington; do not treat it as u mere municipal alFan ,
to be governed by their local legislation. On thai
ground alone, I should be indisposed to support
this amendment. If you go back to precedents,
you have the fact that Cong!ess has lnvauably
refused to part with the jurisdiction ovfcr the ave-
nues. So far as regaids the stmctures on the
avenues, the paving 01 re pan ing, or making alter-
ations ofany kind in them, we have uhvays re-
fused to grant the aut houty to t he cm poi aiion of
Washington. Whether you grant the franchise
to these parties or any others, 1 ;im willing that
the cny of W ashing ton should derive all the inci-
dental benefits it can from the grant; but do not
! as possible, provided there is no grant of power
| capable of abuse. I scrutinized this bill when it
i fiist came before the Senate. I think it guards,
as I stated before, every interest of the public.
If first limits the rate of fare. It next leaves 111
Congress the subsequent right of regulating the
fare; and it gives the power to alter or amend or
revoke this grant at any time. It creates no cor-
poration; but it does give to the city of Wash-
ington a power which I have some doubt about,
but I shou'd not object to it, which is a complete
guard against the idea of extraordinary piofits
connected with the making of such a road: it
gives the right, in one of its sections, to the city of
Washington, if it feels'disposed, atany time after
the road is made—the grant lasting for twenty-
five years—to take this road by purchase on a
valuation to be made by arbitrators; one appointed
by the President, and another by the panics, with
power to choose a third as umpne.
I have made no calculation as to the probable
profits of tins enterprise; I know nothing about
that matter; but i know that, as a general rule,
the anticipated profits which ause in the imagin-
ations of men before they go into thewoik of
constructing railroads prove to be delusive, and
turn into minus quantities. If, however, in this
cas*c, the result shall be contiary to that general
rule, and the woik shall be one of extraordinary
piofit, the city of Washington is amply guaided;
bccause she bus the i iglu, under the bill, at a fair
valuation to lie made by disinterested persons,
appointed in such a manner th :t her interests will
be regarded, to take tins road at any time she
pleases after it is made. 1 do not see anything
that could possibly be faner as regaids the pre-
vention of speculation connected with this road.
If we pass this bill, then, we shall have the road
made by the commencement of the next Congress.
It we do not pass it, I do not know when this
load will be made; because the same difficulties
tlnit exist now willexist liereaftei in the struggle
between parties, as to who shall be the grantee
of the fraoc hi we. If you send it to the coi pora-
tion of Washington, the same struggle will take
place theie,added to the fact that you are delegat-
ing a power to grant a franchise which is a dan-
geious one to invest in any corporation; one that
I believe tiie States of this Union do not delegate
to any of then city corporations'. It is carrying
the doctrine of popular sovereignty, of converting
cities 01 disti lets into States, to an extent thai I,
for one, never mean to assent to. The great reg-
ulating power, the ultimate power, is here; for,
under your Constitution, there is gianted to you
the exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Co-
lumbia. You have chosen, for mere municipal
purposes, to give to the corporation of Washing-,
ton the right of self-government, which is all well
delegate your power where it is more liable to ij enough. You have chosen to give them the right
abuse than it would be in the hands of Congress
Well, sir, there is still another leason why I
am opposed to this amendment. If the Senate
think, as 1 think, that this road ought to be made
at as eaily a day as possiole, then they ought to
pats this bill umucum^eied by amendments; be
cause it guai ds the public inteiest<, and y ou have
the tight of revocation atany time. There is not
a solitary amendment you have adopted that you
may not foice on these paitns heieafter under
the powers given to you by the clause of revoca-
tion and alteration; and if you pass the bill you
will have the road completed between this and
Decembei,I have no doubt. If you think that
not irnpoitant; if you think that immaterial, and
give this authority to the city of Washington,
you will have before its authorities a long some
of debate, of intrigue, of corruption, before agrant
Will be made of any kind under the delegated
power for the purpose of making a raihoad, and
of taxation for all municipal purposes; that is well
enough. But why should you give to them the
right to grant these franchises, which aie said to
be inatteis of such exti aoi d mary* profit? It can
lead to no good, and it is a violation of all prin-
ciple.
Air. PvGH. Mr. President, the Spnatorfrom
Delawaie siys that if we wish to reject this bill,
reject it, but by no means amend it. Why, sir,
1 understood that our power of amendment was
quite equal to our power of rejection; and 1 cer-
tainly see no reason why this bill should pass the
Senate without amendment more than any other
bill, oi why the Senators who may be opposed to
it m its present shape, should be driven to the
issue of either voting for it as it is, or voting
against the whole of it. Certainly, that is not a
legitimate mode of argument m any parliamentary
assembly.
But the Senator from Delaware says if you pass
yuu will l'ook in vain for any railioad of this kind Ji tins bill at once, the road will be made by Decem-
tor the next two years.
^vAs a matter of expediency, therefore, con-
nected with tne prompt making of the road, the
ber; but if you refer it to the authorities of the
| city, it will not be. Why not? If it be such a
I public enterprise; if it be so desirable; if the de-
j mands of the people of Washington and the peo-
; pie who assemble here are so great, why will not
I the very parties named in this bill go to the cor-
i poration of Washington and get the grant the
i next day after the bill is passed ? They will make
i it under this bill; they will not make it under any
| other. They will make it, because they will make
| a fortune with this bill out of that which ought
! to go into the revenues of the city.
] But the Senator from Delaware says we ought
I not to give the city council control over the ave-
| nues; that they are subject to the peculiar juris-
i diction of Congress, 1 have heard that said a
I great many times, but always as an excuse fojr
persuading Congress to pave and light the ave-
nues. Where is the law for it? With the ex-
ception of its being set up as a sort of colorable
pretense to make us pay for paving and lighting
the avenues, there is no difference whatever in our
legislation over the avenues and over the streets.
We put a provision on an appropriation bill last
year in respect to the streets as well as the ave-
nues. We made no distinction, and there is none,
except for tBe purpose of opening a convenient
door to the Treasury of the United States.
The Senator from Mississippi says that if the
city council grant this franchise for a bonus, it
will affect the right of repeal; and that, if the par-
ties abuse their franchise, we cannot rescind it
without restoring the consideration. Why not?
We grant it to them for a consideration, not only
of money, but a consideration of good behavior;
and if they forfeit the franchise, the city govern-
ment would not be bound to return one cent; and
it can be sold to men for a sum of money, upon
the consideration of good behavior, as well as
everything else.
But it is" said that it will corrupt the city gov-
ernment. Why does it not corrupt other city
governments ? Why has it not corrupted the cities
of New Yoik, Philadelphia, and * Baltimore ?
What is the peculiar liability to corruption m the
municipal authori ties of the city of Washington,
moie than in the' authorities of any other city?
What is the power of Congress over the streets,
or over the corporation, greater than the power
of the State Legislatures '
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether the Legislature of
the State of Pennsylvania, or the State of New
Yoi k, or th£ State of Maryland, ever conferred
on the cities in those States the right to grant a
franchise of this kind, or do they retain the right
in the State government? There is the analogy.
Mr. PUG-II. I say the cities granted the fran-
chises; tiie States onlygranted the corporate char-
ters. Of course the city government could not
create a corporation. The corporation was cre-
att-d by the law of the State, but the franchise was
given by the city; and I know that they have been ,
to the city government of the city m which I re-
side, endeavoring for years to buy the franchise
of running horse care and steam cars through the
streets of the city.
Corrupt the government of Washington ! What
corrupts it? The scheme? Then why has it not
corrupted us? What have we been doing here
the last two or three weeks? If the mere prop-
osition for the Common Council and Board of Al-
dermen of Washington city to consider the im-
portance of granting this franchise, will introduce
personal coi t uption and public corruption, why  
has it not introduced public corruption and per-
sonal coiruption into both Houses of Congress?
What is our peculiar virtue above the virtue of
those whom the people of Washington have elected
to administer their affairs? I take it they are quite
as competent for their places as we are for ours;
. at least I hope they are, and a little more so.
Then, the Senator from Maine says that the
city government of Washington has disobeyed
i us about a cross-track railroad, and disobeyed us
about a great many other things. Well, sir, 1 am
sure it is not their interest to disobey us. It is
their interest to be very clever to us; because, af-
' ter all, they get a great deal of money out of the
Treasury, and I think on the whole they are very
clever. But, sir, if a public municipal corpora-
tion, the officers of which are chosen by the peo-
ple, or chosen by the people's representatives,
the officers of which have no personal interestin
the affairs of the corporation, disobey us, if they
treat us with contempt, what will the three gen-
tlemen named in this bill, who will be a private
