1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Defense of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Jackson.
Ho. of Reps.
Francisco, to be delivered on Puget Sound, eight hundred
miles distant, at stated times. In order to fulfill these con-
tracts, the company was obliged to divert a large amount
of its capital from channels in which it could have b«en
profitably employed, as well as to incur heavy liabilities
which have been very embarrassing to the prosecution of
their regular business. Something, of course, had to be
added to prices, on account of the difficulty of obtaining
these large amounts from a distant market at shoit time,
and the uncertainty of getting their pay in a reasonable time,
or, rather, the certainty that a good deal of time would
elapse before payment. Expenence has proved that the
additions made to prices on these accounts were not suffi-
cient to indemnify the company for the risks incuned.
I would here lemark that a comparison of the prices
paid, or contracted to be paid, for provisions and supplies,
duimg the war, with the prices at which the same or sim-
ilar articles weie sold at auction, after the cessation of hos-
lihties, affords no just cutenon by which to judge of the
reasonableness of said contract prices. These auction
sales took place at a tune when, in consequence of the ces-
sation of hostilities, cash priccs had been rnucli icduced,
geneially, on Puget Sound, and thievv upon the market
many aiticles which were not wanted by the community
in which the sales took place.
Where prices received at these sales are referred to, for
the purpose ol showing the market prices at Puget Bound
during the war, they are only calculated to mislead and de-
ceive.
The prevailing rate of interest on Puget Sound, since the
cessation of hostilities has been fiomone to tinee per cent,
pei month, luhng at two per cent, and upwards. The legal
rate of interest luthc Teintory is ten pei cent, per annum,
but money cannot be obtained at that priec. The money
invented by the Puget Mill Company, m furnishing said
supplies, could have been sale!)' invested at an mteiest of
two per cent, per month.
When hostilities commenced, the company were without
arms, and immediately dispatched a boat and six men to
Victoria, Vancouver's Island, seventy miles distant, wlieio
they purchased to the amount of about $'400, and leturned
aftei an absence of a week. The company built a block-
house, and lurnifhcd aims, ammunition, and provisions,
and defended themselves! tluoughout the wai. Families
from Whidb\\s Island came to oui station, twenty-five
miles, for safety, and occupied our block-house a portion of
tuetime. Foi all these oApcndituiea by the company, no
cluuge has yet been lendered. J. i\ KELLER.
DEFENSE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE
TREASURY.
SPEECH OF HON. JAS. JACKSON,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, J859.
The TIou«e being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. JACKSON said:
Mr. Chairman: The attacks made upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by the Opposition, and by
some of his professed political friends, who have
been thwarted in their designs upon the Treasury
by his rigid economy and stem integrity, demand
a reply; and it. seems to me that such reply could
not come more appropriately from any quarter
than from myself. Representing the distnct which
so often honored him by its suffrages, and which
he so fully repaid by a long, able, and brilliant
career in this House, it is meet that I should vin-
dicate the fame of one dear to those who sent me
here, and thereby repay, in part, the debt ofgrat-
itude I owe for their kindness to me. The only
regret I feel in undertaking the defense is, that i
have not an ability equal to the zeal which I b> ing
to the task. Satisfied, however, that it requires
no labored effort to vindicate truth, and that all
that is necessary in this case is a simple, una-
dorned statement of facts and array of figures, I
feel that I shall be able to show to every impartial
mind that the attacks made upon that distin-
guished officer have been as unprovoked as they
are utterly without foundation.
Those attacks, when resolved by the simplest
analysis, are reduced to three. First, that the
Secretary, upon his installation into office, found
a redundant Treasury; and that, by the unlawful
and injudicious expenditure of the public money
for the redemption of the public debt before ma-
turity, at exorbitant premiums, he emptied that
Treasury, and thereby created the necessity for
loans and the issue of Treasury notes at an ear-
lier period than would otherwise have been ne-
cessary; and money, to the extent of the premiums
paid, has been forever lost to the couutiy. Sec-
ond, that ins estimates of rccipls have been wide
of the mark; that he has displayed in them no
financial forecast whatever, and that they are
unworthy of the confidence of Congress and the
country, unfit bases of legislation; and, there-
fore, the Secretary is proved incapable of man- j
aging the intricate machinery of his laborious j
office. Third, that the expenses of this Admin- i
istration are enormous; and the Secretary of the j
Treasury, as its financial head, is responsible for :
these exorbitant expenditures. j
I shall consider these charges in the order in
which they are stated, and the candid mind will
find no difficulty in arriving at the conclusion, not i
only that they are wholly incorrect, but destitute |
of the shadow of foundation. Under the first j
head, I ask was it unlawful for the Secretary to 1
purchase the public debt at the current market i
price? The act. of 1853 answers the question. \
Let it speak for itself: j
"St-c.9. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secretary of |
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authonzed to purchase, j
at the current market price, any of the outstanding stocks :
of the United States as he may think most advisable, 1'iom i
any surplus tund in the Treasuiy: Provided, That the bal- I
ance in the Treasury shall not at any time be reduced be-
low .$0,000,000.i*—Statutes, at Large, chapter 97, volume 10,
page 212.
Comment upon this act is unnecessary. It
needs no interpretation. Tt isas plain as the Eng-
lish language can make thought intelligible. It
not only authorizes, but would seem to require, !
the Secretary to redeem the public debt so long j
as there was a surplus exceeding §6,000,000 m j
the Treasury; and Mr. Cobb ceased to purchase
with $10,000,000 left there. Upon this interpre-
tation of the act, the predecessor of the present
incumbent had acted; and stocks of the United
States, outstanding and not due, were purchased
by him. But it is said that the price paid by
Mr. Cobb in the way of premium was extrava-
gant, and the public money wasted in the pur-
chase of United States stocks by him. The re-
ply to this charge is as conclusive as that to the
illegality of his conduct is shown to be by the
production of the law. He paid what the law
authorized—the market price. He could pur-
chase at nothing short of that, for the simple reason
that the holders of the stocks would take no less
from Government than they could get from other
purchasers. He paid precisely the same sum that
Mr. Guthrie, his predecessor, had paid the year
before, and, indeed, up to the 3d of March, 1857,
when he left, and Mr. Cobb took charge of the
Department. The subjoined table shows the pre-
miums paid at the Treasury in the redemption of
the debt of the United States from the passage of
the act of 1853 up to the time when the last stocks
were redeemed by Mr. Cobb; by which it will
be seen that the present Secretary paid the iden-
tical premium which Mr. Guthrie had paid the
same year:
Statement shotting when the public debt of the United Stales is redeemable, the rate of interest, and the
rates of premium paid upon its purchase at different periods.
Loan.
1812 
18-16 
184 7 
184 8  
Texan in-
demnity.
Rate of m-
teicst.
6 per cent.
C per cent.
6 per cent.
6 per cent.
r> per cent.
When redeem
able.
Dec. 31, 1862
Nov. K, 1856
Jan. 1, 3868
July 1, 1868
Jan. 1, 1805
Pienuum paid.
From July 30
to Pecembei
31, liio3.
Fiom Jan. 1,
185-1. to Aug.
25,185-1.
From Aug. 26,
1854,to Jan.
2, 1855.
From 3d Jan.,
1855, to 3d of
Match, 1857.
From March
4 to Oct. 17,
1857.
16 percent.
15J- per cent.
11 per cent.
10 percent.
10 percent.
Si per cent
G per ccnt.
3 per ccnt.
2J to p. ct.
21 per cent.
21 per cent.
16 per cent.
16 per cent.
16 percent.
21 per cent
21 per cent.
16 per cent.
16 per cent.
16 per cent.
-
10 per cent.
6 per cent.
6 per ccnt.
6 per cent.
Thus does this charge of having paid extrava-
gant premiums for United States stocks fall harm-
less at the feet of the present Secretary.
But it is urged that Mr. Cobb should not have
purchased any of the public debt during the finan-
cial crisis of 18.77; that so soon as the banks sus-
pended, he should have suspended his opera-
tions in the purchase of that debt, and hoarded
tin1 gold and silver in the vaults of the Treasury;
that he might have foreseen the ensuing embar-
rassments of the Treasury, and should have locked
up the specie of the Government; and, shutting
out from his heart all sympathy for the distress
of the people, ought to have left the great indus-
trial interests of the country to take care of them-
selves.
The bare statement of these piopoaitions carries
with them, in the judgment of every sounci head
and heart, their own refutation. True, a public
officei should do nothing contrary to law to ame-
liorate public distress; but he should do every
thing in accordance with lain to relieve the embar-
rassments of the people. Government is, in this
country, the creature—the mere agent—of the
people; and the agent should, at all times, have
his eye fixed upon the interests of his great prin-
cipal. Considering the conduct of Mr. Cobb,
therefore, acting as he did by authority of law,
mere'y as an effort to give relief to the commer-
cial community—the great mercantile interest,
whose ramifications, like network, cover the en-
tire surface of society, and extend to the most
remote neighborhood—it was a noble effort of a
manly heart; and was lesponded to, at the time,
in one unbroken echo of approval from the piess
and the people. Extiaets fiom the piess of the
day can be multiplied to an indefinite extent, to
show the truth of what 1 affirm. I beg to call the
attention of the committee and the country to a
few from leading p;ipers m our 'Teat commercial
metropolis.
And, first, I call attention to the leading paper
; of that commercial metropolis—the leading paper,
indeed, of the Union, having the largest circula-
tion and the widest influence; neutral in its party
affiliations, yet an advocate of the election of Fre-
mont; but since Mr. Buchanan's election, a sup-
porter of the leading measures of his administra-
tion. In its issue of October 15, 1857, the day
after the suspension of the New York banks, that
paper says approvingly of the policy of the Sec-
! rotary* as follows:
i J
1 "It is evident, therefore, not only that Mr. Secretary
! Cobb lias done all that he can do for the immediate relief
! ot the financial mteie*ts of the people, butthai, for the next
j fiscal jear, hu will himseU'iieod relief, in the shape of a loan
often, fifteen, oi twenty, million dollars."
j Again, the Journal of Commerce, the leading
| commercial paper of the same city, independent
j in politics, and possessing the entire confidence
j of the commercial community, in its issue of De-
; cember 5, 1857, says:
i " The large payments on account of the public debt may
! seem, in the li^ht of the pieserit deficiency, to have been
uncalled (oi and impolitic; hut we have heard from busi-
ne: men of .ill partus the most unqualified commendation
: of Secietatv Cobb, fur hi- course m this re-pect. If is true,
, that the Government wa> under no obligation to advance
! the money at so large a premium ; and it the Sccretaiy of
1 the Treasuiy, m the Use of the wise di-cietion jriveu him
' bv Concur", had locked the Government vaults, and made
. no di-bm-otnent* not absolutely demanded by actual appio-
! pnaTions, ho could not have been legally impeached. Such
; aconise, however, would have called down upon him a
weight of public censure, from which he could not have
1 escaped Hi* predecessor,undej the sanction of Oongiess,
and the unanimous apptoval of the couutiv, had called m
■ large portion* of the debt, at a time when the accumulation
of com in the sub TieaMiry had eieated no unea-me-s m
financial cucle-; and ifSecietaij Cobb bad refu.-ed to con
t'nue the redemption, in the m.d-tof pi evading eommeicial
distress-, when Mich a disbursement was easrrrh demanded
as a measure of relief, ho wo,<id have bt-en charged, pn-
1 brip< pisfly, with a «e!li>!i di-*regaid of the interest oi tha«
laisre class tmni]<;h whom the revenues of tno counin are
. mo.e nni.T'd'aiely derived.
[ '• Dill we have mm-oii-. u> think that th  momvr- which
rictu.ued the Seeip'aiy m continuing the ledemption went
• beyond the men' que.-uou r«t populaiuv. and weie dictated
