THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS* OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirty-Fifth Congress. 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1859.
New Se.iiies....No. 53.-
corporation far their own benefit and their own
interest, do for us after they get the act of incor-
poration and the franchise? " If these things be
done in the green tree, what will be done in the
dry'"
The whole attempt is to avoid the effect of this
amendment, which is a pei fectiy fair one. If the
government of the city of Washington, or of the
city of Georgetown, be not adequate for its ordi-
nary employment, to take care of its own affairs,
let us abolish it. Wc have proceeded upon the
idea that although the Constitution has given us
the same control over the District of Columbia
which the State Legislatures have over their States,
nevertheless, inasmuch as we are strangers as-
sembled from various parts of the country, here
-for a limited time in each year, we are not so
familiar with their municipal affairs, and there-
fore we have delegated to them the power of local
and municipal government; and among other
things the care of their streets and thoroughfares,
the regulation of their police. And what could be
more proper than to commit to them the care of
anenteipiise by which cars are to be propelled
through the most public stieetof this city twenty
or thirty or foity times in the course of every
day, endangering more or less the safety and the
peace of the people, jt is a. matter concerning the
regulation of the stieets, mingling itself with their
municipal affairs; and why should it be separated
out of the great body of their municipal duties, .
and committed to the hands of a private corpora- ;
tion which will seek Us own objects at the ex- i
pense of the public interests? There can be no
leasou for it except that overwhelming pressure
that is brought against us every puvate-lnll day,
and every District of Columbia day. There is
more bad legislation done on those two days of
the week than is done in all the rest of the week
besides.
The City Councils, it is said, do not ask it. :
Well, the City Councils do like all public bodies, j
They send us heie, through the hands of the ;
Mayor, a respectful appeal to give them the con-
trol of their streets; but they have no particular
inteiestto make out of it. They do not expect to
make any money by it personally, and they arc
not here to represent themselves; but the parties
who want the grant are always here.
It is not to the railroad that I object. I have no
doubt it will be a great convenience. If it be right
and proper to have it made, these very gentlemen
can go to the Councils of the city of Washington
and Georgetown and apply for this very fran-
chise. If it be worth nothing, as some gentle-
men say; if it is a poor burden which these philan-
thropists choose to take upon themselves for the
public good, not expecting any recompense, the
city will give it to them for nothing, and be very
glad to do so. if it be a trifling recompense not
more than a fair return for the capital, the city
government will give if to them for nothing, it
is the interestof the city to have it. But if it be,
as I believe it to be, an adroit attempt of very
clever gentlemen to make a fortune off the public
by appropriating one gfeat revenue of the public
to themselves, 1 think the leasfithcy can do is to
divide With the tax-payers of Washington city by
paying something to leduce the expenses of the
municipal government. I see no more reason why
Congress should confide to individuals or private
corporations the right to run a railroad down
Pennsylvania avenue, than that it should confcr
upon three individuals the right to administer the
public squares of tins* city and put the revenues
into their own pockets; and it is not done in any
othfer city.
I do not believe that there is a Legislature of a
single State in the Union that would listen to a
proposition like this. There will be a continual
conflict between these pai ties and the municipal
government, from the day this load goes into
operation; controversies about keeping the avenue
in repair; controversies about the rights of the
parties; and you are really setting up here one
corporation within the limits of another, to make
perpetual conflict and contest, coming back to us
53 0
■ all the time. I say if the city of Washington is
! not competent to administer her affairs, let us give
her a corporation that is; but proceeding on the
; hypothesis that they can transact their business
as well as we can, let us give them the whole
power which properly belongs to a municipal-
ity.
| JVIr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the dtscus-
I sion upon this question, and particularly upon
J this amendment, discloses the importance of the ;
! amendment. I cannot conceive of a weaker ar- j
, gument than that which has been used against it;
j namely, that to grant it will be to encourage the
I corruption of a municipal corporation; that to
■ grant them a power, the rightfulness of which is
i not denied, will necessauly encourage corruption.
| This is the proposition. Three gentlemen, stran-
I gers entirely, for aught I know, to the city of
i Washington,for their own interests,in order to put
: money into their own pockets, desire to construct
. a railroad upon youravenue; and their first prop-
i osition was to take the railroad from the west gate
1 of your Capitol, and to leave out of consideration
J all that large portion of the working class of tins
: city who live east of the Capitol, to whose m-
' teres ts they should have first addressed themselves;
! and it was only by the opposition to this bill that
| the u north gate of the navy-yard " was inserted.
An amendment was adopted by which they will
have to carry their road there; but the friends of
the measure resisted it to the last; it was put in
by the opposition to the bill. Tin1 fi lends of the
; measure icsisted the proposition of the Meaopol-
itan railroad to carry this road fifty miles, which
j would be a very gieat consideration, indeed, for
] the traveling public; and^ now- they resist the
! proposition to place this franchise with the city
| corporation, upon the simple ^lound that they
1 may abuse if. 1 have very great respect for my
1 friend from Delaware, and 1 waited *e> listen to
him to see what reason he could assign for reject-
ing this amendment. I find that he has but reiter-
ated the argument, if it may be so called, or the
' assertion of the .Senator irom Maine, that this
! would lead to corruption by the corporation.
, Now, sn, which appears to be the mo.->t sensi-
ble, to intrust this franchise to three individuals,
; who have no affinities, that I know of, with the
I people of Washington—a franchise that is dnect-
! ed first to tiic benefit of the city—to be exi cutcd
by them; orto grant it to those people, or to their
representatives, to be exercised by them, and to
, be controlled by the people at their regul ir elo^-
i lions? If the corporation shall abuse this fian-
j chise, they are amenable to the people who elect
j theny, they may turn them out; Congress may,
I at any time, revoke its privilege. The franchise
i can only be held under the iestneUons which we
' please to impose upon it. The portion that the
j Senator from Mississippi assumed is fallacious.
Those who take this contract from the corpora-
i tion, he says, will come to the doots of Congress
: and lobby here for a claim for money lost, if we
! should revoke the grant. Well, is it an argument
against just legislation, to say that parties may
i come hereafter and assume, illegally, a claim, and
' lobby illegally for it? Are wc to be met in that
1 way? Why, sir, if there can be no stronger ar-
^ guments than these brought against the proposi-
; tion, it should inevitably pass.
The assertion has been made that the franchise
j is worth nothing, and it would fain b>- impressed
upon the Senate that three strangcis come to the
: city of Washington and propose to lay a rail-
; track down for the convenience of the public,
1 through a simple spirit of benevolence. We are
told the franchise is not worth the first cent.
Why, sir, I have heard a distinguished rarrroad
1 contractor say, that he would give ^50,000 for it;
and I am told that it is worth much more. Now,
' if money is to be made out of if, if it is a job, let
it go into the hands of those who can control it,
1 and for whose benefit mainly it is to be con-
structed—into the hands of the peoph; the mselves.
If money is to be made out of it. the city corpo-
,, ration stands ready to assuma the responsibility
I' of taking charge of it and extending it to their
.publicschools,andof holding themselves respond- «.
ible for its exercise.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr, President, the Senator
from Florida has well answered the objection
which the Senator from Mississippi made in re-
gard to claims to be presented by the persons who
mg.y make the railroad under the jurisdiction of
the corporation of Washington, if that jurisdic-
tion should be conferred on them.- He has shown
that those persons would take it with a full knowl-
edge of the bill and a full knowledge of the-con-
ditions, and therefore would have no equitable
claim. Nor. are the conditions unusual or extra-
ordinary. They are such as are imposed-in most
of the States of the Union on all corporations
that are created. There is, therefore, nothirfg
justly to be apprehended on that score. But, sir,
his own bill piovides that Congeess shall have
that power in regard to this railroad. The same
argument which he used against a railroad to be
constructed, under this amendment, under the au-
thority of the corporation of Washington, would-'
apply to his own bill.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator from Virginia
allow me to say that we know exactly what we
are granting by our own contract; but if you give
to the corporation of Washington the right to
make another and a diffcient contract, you can-
not tell what soit of a contract they will make.
They may make a most extraordinary one, a
most burdensome one, a most offensive one; such
as Congress, when it comes to look at it and see
it executed, will not be satisfied with. You know
what you are doing under this bill, but you can-
not tell what sort of a contract the corporation
may make. That is my objection. When th/y
have made it under the authority of Congress,
and you want to icpeal it, there is no difficulty.
Mr. HUNTER. That is no answer to the
objection* His answer is, that if Congress re-
peal the ehartcr, the persons who invest money
might come here and ask for damages. May they
not do so under this bill? Suppose we were
undct this law to repeal the charter. They might
do the very thing to which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi objects m the other case; but this is not
all. Gentlemen say it would ben corruption fund;
that it would work inconceivable mischief if you
wero'to lodsre this power in the hands of the cor-
poiaiioi] of Washington. Why, sir, what does
their own bill do? it provides that after twenty-
four years, 1 think it is, the city of Washington
may buy this road, and own it, taking it at its
appraised value. It is very safe after these indi-
vidual's have enjoyed the use of it for twenty-four
years, and derived all the profit they can derive
from it, then to allow the city of Washington to
assume the ownership. Well,if it would be safe
twenty-four yeais hence, why not now? For
myself, I can.see no danger to which we could be
exposed by the grant of this jurisdiction to the
municipal authorities. I do not believe it would
hmt any of the streets to allow railroads through
aii of them; and if it would hurt the streets, 1 do
not believe the people of the city of Washington
would be in favor of it, because they would thus
injure their own interests. So far as strangers
and transient visitors who are passing through
are concerned, 1 do not think they would be in-
jured at all by it, for the more facilities for travel,
the belter you satisfy them. So that I see nothing
m any of the arguments which lnyjc been used;
but if they arc good against a raihoad which can
be made under the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the same argu-
ments are good against this bill.
Mr. BAVAIID. I think the honorable Sena-
tors either misapprehend, or certainly have passed
by, some objections I made to this amendment.
, There is a wide difference between granting to the
! cities of Washington and Georgetown, respect-
ively, the power to confer a franchise, which is a
legislative power, and merely giantmg them au-
thority to make a road. They are different things;
, but tho honorable Senators choose to confound
them. The honorable Senator from Virginia, in
his anxiety to adopt this amendment, «?aya that
