214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Defense of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Jackson.
Ho. of Reps.
Estimated receipts for fiscal year 1857:
Customs   *     $64,000,000
Lands  7,000,000
Miscellaneous       500,000
71,500,000
Actual receipts, same period:
Customs   $63,875,905
Lands   3,829,486
Miscellaneous   1,263,820
 68,968,211
Difference     $2,531,789
Estimated receipts for fiscal year, 1858:
Customs $66,000,000
Lands  6,000,000
Miscellaneous     955,310
79,955,310
Actual receipts for same period:
Customs.   . Ml ,789,620
Lands  3,513,715
Miscellaneous.....  1,254,231
  46,557,566
Difference $26,397,744
Now, Mr. Chairman, let it be borne in mind
that Mr. Cobb is the only Secretary who encoun-
tered, at the same time, two concurrent embar-
rassments in making up the estimates submitted
in his.report of 1857; the new tariff of 1857, and
the revulsion of that year. He saw the difficulties
which surrounded him, and in that report called
the attention of Congress to them, and invoked
" its own judgment upon the credit to which they
were entitled." I extract from page 6, of the
report on the finances of 1857, the language of
the Secretary:
" Itis difficultatall times to estimate in advancc the prob-
able receipts into the Treasury for the next one and two
years. Our icvonue being derived puneipally from duties
on imported meichandisa; entered at the custom-houses for
consumption, the amount is necessarily dependent not only
upon all those causes which affect tiade and commerce,
but on such as contiol the inclinations and ability of the
people in the purchase of such ineiclnmdi&e lor consump-
tion.
'' Oidinarilyau approximation can be made to the piobable
result, piovided nouulooked lor cause shall intervene to
disturb the usual course ot trade and consumption.
" The events of the present fiscal year furnish a sinking
illustiation ot the unceitamty ot all such estimates from the
opciauon of unl'oie*ecn cause* which exeita eontiuihn#
influence ovei the revenue fiom ciNtom^.
When the estimates toi the piesent fiscal yearweie
made to the last c'ongiesh by jiiv piedeee^oi, a was impos-
sible to loresee nthoi the jn.ueual rliauso in the rales of
duty, winch weie among us lastaeis, or the present levul-
mou m tiade and commerce, both which have deeply af-
h cted the jevenue, and «an>Maetor]l> account for the differ-
once between In* e*tnnate«and those now submitted With
the^e two di^tuibmi* causes now m view, it is veiy difficult
to form satisfactory estimates ot the probable receipts from
customs. The tariff act of March 1857, lias not been m
operation long enough to te^t us effects upon the icvenue,
even under oidmary cncumstances. Simultaneous with
this act going into operation, the country is subjected to a
disastrous revuUion- To what extent importations would
have been affected by it, had there been no revulsion m
tiade and commeice, is mnv as much a matter ot conjec-
tiue a^ it was bt-fore the parage of the act. E\|>oiienee hni
thrown no light on the subject. The probability is, that it
would, to a limited extent, have ineieased importations,
though not to the extent ot supplying the deficiency created
by the ie<!nc(ion of the duties
" In submitting to (Jomjres^, undei these circumstances,
estimates ot the receipt* foi the present and the next ti&cal
year, it is d< euicd piopt>t to accompany them \\ ith a state-
ment ot l.ieN ami principles upon which they have been
made, in oider that (Nrngre-s may pa--* it> own judgment
upon the ciedit to which they are entitled."
Now, sir, I ask what is the basis of these attacks?
Arc they not as unjust as I have shown them to
be destitute of foundation? Of all his predeces-
sors, none, in the judgment of the country, man-
aged the Department with mure fidelity and ability
than Mr. Guthrie; yet that distinguished officer, in
estimating for the year ending 30th June, 1858,
thought the receipts would go to $72,355,310,
when they reached, in fact, but the sum of
$46,557,568—making a difference of more than
$26,000,000. As he was estimating under the
tariff of 1846, it is proper to take into considera-
tion the larger revenues which that act would
raise over the act of 1857, which, upon the im-
portations of the year ending the 30th June, 1857,
it is estimated would have made a difference of
§11,000,000. Deducting that from $26,000,000,
and we have a variance between his calculations
and the actual receipts of more than $15,000,000.
Whereas Mr. Cobb, with the advantage, it is true,
of one quarter to go upon, estimated the receipts
for the same year at upwards of $57,000,000, and
they reached but $46,000,000, making a disparity
of pi ,000,000.
In the last report of the same able officer, (Mr.
Guthrie,) he estimated that there would be in the
Treasury, on the 1st of July, 1858, $43,995,710.
There was a deficiency of $13,356,483—making a
miscalculation to the amount of $57,352,193. De-
ducting again $11,000,000 for the difference be-
tween the act of 1857 and that of 1846, and we
still have a disparity of more than $46,000,000.
Mr. Cobb estimated that there would be in the
Treasury, on the 1st July, 1858, $426,875 surplus.
The result was a deficiency of $13,356,483—mak-
ing a variance of $13,783,368. Understand me,
Mr. Chairman, I make no charge upon the late
head of the Treasury. I would not pluck a laurel
from his well-earnea fame. I know, too, that he
did not and could not foresee the crisis of 1857.
My object is simply to vindicate the present Sec-
retary, by comparing him with one of the most
able and distinguished of his predecessors, and
showing that he, with some advantage of stand-
point, it is true, approximated much nearer the
result than did that predecessor, able and distin-
guished as he was.
But how stands the case with the financiers of
this House; with those who would lead opinion
and control action here ? The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Garnett] may be considered as
the representative of one class, the men who think
the Secretary has under-estimated the revenue;
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phil-
lips,] as the representative man of the other wing
of the Democracy, of those who would have the
tariff increased, and who think the Secretary has
over-estimated the incoming receipts. It is really
amusing to note the wonderful disparity between
them. With both," the wish," I am afraid, " is
father to the thought." Both have assumed the
character of advocates, endeavoring to advance
each his own theory, and failed, despite them-
selves, perhaps, to consider the subject with the
impartiality of judges, and with a single desire to
seek for truth. The former gentleman thinks that
there will be a surplus of " over eighteen mil-
lions" at the commencement of the next fiscal
year, whilst the latter is firm in his conviction, and
rampant in his declaration, that there will be a
deficit of precisely $46,904,376; and thus we find
these gentlemen differing to the extent of the very
tiifling sum of nearly $65,000,000. One or the
other must be greatly at fault; and they will par-
don me, I am sure, for the suggestion, that how-
ever inaccurate the estimates of the Secretary,
immediately following the monetary crisis of
1857, more reliance will be placed,and should be
placed, by Congress and the country, upon esti-
mates of that officer, made now, under more favor-
able circumstances, than upon the vague calcula-
tions and uncertain guesses of gentlemen, as well
informed as they are, but who have placed be-
tween themselves the wide margin of $65,000,000.
In making that most astounding calculation,
whereby he finds the Treasury bankrupt on the
1st day of July, 1860, to the amount of more than
$48,000,000, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has done the Secretary of the Treasury the gross-
est injustice. He says that the Secretary of the
Treasury finds a balance there, on the 30th June,
1859, of $3,224,570 28, and adds:
" fn that estimate I want the members of the committee
to underhand, theie was no mention by him of the fact that
$18,000,000 of Treasury notes would then be falling due,
making the actual deficit upwards of $13,000,000."
This language, whether so intended by the gen-
tleman or not, conveys the idea that the Secre-
tary had withheld from his estimates all mention
of the Treasury notes, and had thereby attempted
to deceive Congress as to the state of the Treas-
ury. The gentleman, if he designed to convey
that impression, must have read very super-
ficially the report on the finances of 1858; or if he
did not intend to convey such an impression, he
does not appear to me to possess a clear percep-
tion of the meaning of words. This speech has
gone to the country; it is right that the reply
should go with it. 1 read from the report of 6th
December, 1858, pages 15 and 16:
" The details are shown by statements marked 1 and 5.
In estimating the receipts and expendituies for the present
and next fiscal yeaia, it is, not contemplated to ledeem the
outstanding Treasury notes. these notes will become
due and payable during the next fiscal yea*-, some provision
should be made to meet them. I am opposed to the policy
of adding this amount to the permanent public debt, by
funding the notes. On the other hand, their entire redemp-
tion, in oue year, would call for an increase of the tariff to
a point which would render necessary another revision of
it in the succeeding year. The true policy is to look, in the
present revision of the tariff, to their gradual redemption,
commencing with the next fiscal year. To carry out this
policy, Congress should provide for the raising of i&uch
amount of revenue as will enable the Department to redeem
a portion of them, and, at the same time, extend, for one
year, the provision of the act of December 23,1857, author-
izing the reissue of such portion of them as the means of
the Government will not enable us to redeem. By this
course, we shall gradually discharge this part of the public
debt without placing upon the people an onerous additional
burden in the unnecessary increase of their taxes."
By this extract it is apparent that the Secretary
not only calls the attention of Congress to the out-
standing Treasury notes, but suggests what he
considers the true policy in regard to their re-
demption, yet the gentleman says no mention is
madeof themintheestimate. Their exact amount
is not there stated; but the law of their creation
limited their existence to one year; and statements
marked 1 and 5 of the report referred to in the ex-
tract I have quoted, show their amount.
Now, then, Mr. Chairman, in view of the mon-
etary panic of 1857, and the consequent depres-
sion of business and falling off of importations,
in view of the new tariff of 1857, never before
tested, and of the large miscalculations of former
Secretaries, having no such difficulties to contend
with, and yet who escaped without reproach, I
ask the impartial man of any and all parties, if
the attacks upon the present Secretary are not
harsh in the spirit that dictated them, and grossly
unjust in the conclusions sought to be deduced
from them ?
I come now to consider the third and last attack
made upon the official conduct of Mr. Cobb. It
involves the charge of extravagance against the
Administration, and seeks to hold that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as its financial head, is
responsible. In regard to the charge of extrava-
gance against the Administration, considered in
its totality, 1 have to say that I shall not now go
into an elaborate defense. That duty has been
well performed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Smith,] and the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis.] A bird's-eye view of the situation
and growth of the country, however, satisfacto-
rily explains the larger amount of expenditures,
and the passage of laws by Congress creating
the necessity and imposing the duty of spending
more money, accounts for much of the remain-
der. The Utah war; the enormous necessary cost
of transportation of provisions for troops there;
the Indian hostilities in Oregon and Washington,
on the far Pacific; the transportation of troops,
and the cost of provisions to feed them there; the
Paraguay expedition; the immense influx of gold
from California and Australia, totally changing
the relation between the value of money and prop-
erty of all sorts, and enhancing the price of pro-
visions; the increased pay of officers of Govern-
ment, in all its ramifications, rendered necessary
by the increased price of living, consequent upon
enhanced price of property and provisions and
lessened value of money, by the large additions
to the gold of the world; the settlement of im-
mense tracts of western wilderness, and the con-
sequent necessity for the creation of land offices
and officers without number, as well as for the
opening of innumerable roads, and establishment
of numerous and long mail routes authorized by
law, and required by acts of Congress; all these,
at a single glance, whilst they mark the march of
civilized improvement, and swell the patriotic
heart with pride in the contemplation of the al-
most marvelous growth of our immense empire,
show the absolute necessity for increase in the
expenses of a Government covering such an area,
and ministering to such enlarged demands.
But, supposing that there is extravagance: is
the head of the finances, under our system, re-
sponsible? True, it is his duty to furnish es-
timates to Congress; but those estimates are
furnished to him by the heads of the other Depart-
ments, each for its oy^p; and it would be at once
beyond the sphere of his duty, indelicate to his
compeers in the Cabinet, and impossible, from the
immense labor involved in its exercise, for any
one man, though an intellectual giant, to perform
the task of supervising and retrenching each item
