1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
35th Cong....2d Sess.
.National Foundery—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. op Reps.
that seemed to him unnecessary. The duty is
devolved upon him of submitting the estimates
to Congress; because his office requires him to
raise the money necessary for their liquidation,
and to call upon Congress to provide the means
and make the appropriations. But he is respons-
ible to the President and the country for the pro-
priety of no estimates but those submitted for the
Treasury Department. What extravagance has
been hinted to exist there ? How many members
of Congress have been refused applications which
would have caused an increase of expenses in that
Department? How many sore places are there to-
day in the hearts of members of this House, and
of separate communities interested in local ex-
penditures, because of the efforts of the vigilant
and economical head of the Treasury to retrench ?
Two millions of the public money could be saved
at a dash, by enacting into law his recommenda-
tion to dispense with the erection of hundreds of
court-houses, where courts are held once a year,
for three days, and the State court-rooms would
answer every purpose; of custom-houses where
no imposts are collected, and of extravagant post
offices, where a room rented by the postmaster
would supply every want. A half million more
can be saved in the single item of the collection of
the revenue, by the passage of the act prepared
and submitted by him to Congress, to simplify
and cheapen the mode of its collection.
Sir, the Secretary of the Treasury has lopped
off every rotten limb in his own Department that
his unaided arm can reach,and to-day calls upon
Congress to give him power further to prune and
retrench. Yet, because he sits in the Exchequer and
presides over the finances, from the mere sound
of those words, without reason or argument, it is
sought to hold him responsible, and condemn him
in the opinions of the people, for that which he has
no power to prevent, 1 submit what I have said in
his defense to the judgment of the committee, and
to the honest heart of the country; satisfied that,
to the eye of justice, and to the mind of impartial
reason, his vindication is complete.
But these attacks upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Chairman, constitute but one link
in the continuous chain of abuse by which it is
sought to drag down the entire Ad ministration, and
sink it in public estimation. No man connected
with it has escaped invective and vituperation.
No matter how pure in character or venerable in
service and age, all have shared a common fate.
Especially has the tongue of calumny been busy
with its aged, but bold and determined chief.
Like Jackson, elected by the people over the pol-
iticians, he determined, like Jackson, to be the
Piesident of the people and not the tool of fac-
tions. The fate of that old patriot, of bold heart
and iron nerve, has been thus far his fate. Aban-
doned by friends, and covered with calumny, the
old hero passed his official pilgrimage, strong
alone in the integrity of his purpose and confi-
dence in the verdict of posterity. That verdict has
been rendered; and the fame of Andrew Jackson
lives, and will live forever, in the affections of his
countrymen. Like Jackson, Buchanan has been
abandoned by friends, and covered with calumny
as gross and \xnjust. I believe, sir, his purpose
is as sincere, his confidence in the future as un-
shaken. When the vail of that future is raised,
may it reveal for him a green old age as luxuri-
ant m the affections and veneration of his coun-
trymen, a death-bed as full of the Christian's
hope, and an official life in his country's history
as rich in civic fame.
national foundery.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. GILMER,
of north carolina,
In the House op Representatives,
February 21, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of tlie Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GILMER said:
Mr. Chairman: In offering any views in sup-
port of the claims of my native State, North Car-
olina, to a share of the public patronage and dis-
bursements in the establishment of national works,
X am at once struck with two important reflections.
j First, that, of the many millions invested in mu-
' nificent Government structures, distributing so
1 much capital among the people where they are
| erected, and, at tLj same time, strengthening the
hand of commerce and enterprise in their respect-
ive localities, and from which all of the sea-board
States have derived more or less advantage, the
old North State, though one of the most faith-
ful of the thirteen sisters who pledged their jew-
els, treasure, and honor upon the altar of liberty,
and never broke the vow, has yet to be rewarded
with the first particle of Government patronage
to any respectable degree; and second, and per-
haps more astonishing, that mineral wealth of
such almost boundless extent, as is proven to ex-
ist there, should not long ere this have been called
into active use by well directed individual enter-
prise. Here are two manifest derelictions of duty
of some sort, and should claim the immediate
attention of every true son of North Carolina.
The first neglect, I fear, has resulted from the
want of proper attention and vigilance, on the
part of her Representatives on this floor, who have
spent too much of their time upon abstract prop-
ositions, in fostering the mere political issues of
the day; which, when advancement or tenure of
place is to be the result, are never wanting for
ardent, if not furious advocates, while the real in-
terests of the constituency, and the State they rep-
resent, have been too much neglected. Days,
weeks, months, and years, have been wasted or
labored away, urging m the political forum mat-
ters wholly abstract, and often incapable of even
a practical test; and in which fact consists, in
many instances, the major part of the appaient
dignity and effect of such issues, while real, prac-
tical, useful questions, of the development and
improvement of the material resources, agricultu-
ral, commercial, and mineral, of their State, have
been completely overlooked. Now, 1 do not pro-
pose to arraign any gentleman for a failure in
duty, who has heretofore, or now represents my
State, for their reasons for their previous course
of legislative action have doubtless been to them
satisfactory and sufficient. But, I do propose to
ask the*u, and all others, to unite with me in
giving some attention to the real material interests
of North Carolina, In fact, I might extend my
remarks beyond my purpose, and cause them to
apply to many of the other southern States; but,
in doing so, I would not only assume the duties
of others more competent to do so, but would, at
the same time, transcend the courtesy extended
to me by the House on this occasion.
Nor can I now do full justice to my State on
this important matter, both for the want of time
and all the information I could wish, even were I
not limited by this particular subject of the estab-
lishment of a national foundery, to which I shall
advert directly. So immense, and almost bound-
less, are the mineral and manufacturing resources
of North Carolina, that a volume may be filled
with their variety, quality, and utility. 1 speak
not now of the gold and silver, existing in such
large quantities, and which arc so much more ac-
tively sought, but I mean to allude more partic-
: ularly to the more solid, abundant, and, I will
add, more valuable deposits of coal and iron.
These are the articles of universal use, which ev-
erybody pays tribute to in some shape, and ever
I must, so long as commerce and agriculture, and
I their natural offspring, manufactures, are the lead-
ing objects of man's attention. I care not who
holds the purse, while I hold the articles of indis-
pensable use, such as coal and iron. The former
will loosen its strings and flow to the latter, as
naturally as the magnet is attracted by the poles.
Every man, who inhabits a house or shelters un-
der a roof, uses, either directly or indirectly, the
fabrics or products of coal and iron, and pays for
them, in some shape; therefore, every man is a
contributor to the use of these great staple min-
erals. While Spain and other European Pow-
ers held and absorbed, as it were, the so-called
precious metals, then known both to the Old and I
the New Woild, England being possessed of the ,
solid coal and iron, the real precious metals, has
drawn the gold and silver of Spain and other j
countries into her national coffers, where they j
are yet safely locked up, and are likely to be, \
while English domestic and commercial policy is j
observed, and untilothernations, equally blessed i
with like mateiial, shall adopt the same precept
and example, of using their best resources, their
solid wealth, their coat and iron.
North Carolina is bountifully blessed by Prov-
idence with these solid staple minerals of coal and
iron, and equally blessed with water-power and
other natural elements for bringing them into use,
and which must come into use, in spite of present
or hitherto neglect. Her water-power, I can al-
most say, is the best in the universe. Her Yad-
kin, Ararat, Mitchell's, Fisher's, Dan, Smith,
North and South Tow, Carey, Ivy, Swananoa,
French Broad, Pigeon, Tuckaseega, Tennessee,
Nantihala, Valley, Hiwassee, Watauga, New,
Catawba, Uwharie, Haw, and Deep rivers fur-
nish streams for manufacturing purposes, which
will last inexhaustible, beyond the power of man
to consume, so long as the mountains, from which
these streams flow, shall stand to attest the work
and glory of a beneficent Creator. In her French
Broad alone is more water-power than in all New
England put together, only waiting to be called
into use by an industrial enterprise similar to that
which has made New England what she is, and
I hope will ever be in this particular, to render
North Carolina in everything her superior. Over
four hundred thousand spindles revolve in Lowell
alone, and over ten times four hundred thousand
can be moved by the regular waters of the French
Broad alone, withouteven making an impression
on the abundant supply. Besides the over-abun-
dance of water in the limpid streams of the old
North State, they arc exempt from the bitter
frosts and freezing winters, which congeal at times
the best streams m New England, obstructing
their greater utility, while in North Carolina they
rarely ever freeze, and are at the same time blessed
with an elevated locality, and wholesome moun-
tain atmosphere, rendering her valleys not only
safe for man's habitation, but equally desirable
But iron ores, the best and most abundant, as
I have stated, abound throughout the whole State.
It would astonish one not familiar, to sec or learn
their quantity and extent. To attemptto describe
their precise locality and extent with minute-
ness, would lead me into too great detail; but be-
fore confining myself to the particular subject
designed in these remarks, this much I will say:
you may cast your eye on the map of North Car-
olina, and start with me from the county of Stokes,
where you have an abundant supply of coal and
iron, in immediate proximity; you may go west-
ward, bordering hard on the Virginia and then
the Tennessee line, till you reach the Roan mount-
ain, and from thence bear southward till you
reach King's mountain, which continually calls to
mind much of the heroism of the Revolution; and
from thencc eastward till you run into the Deep
river valley, and you wi.l have traveled over
deposits of iron, so abundant, of such superior
quality, that not a similar scope of country on
the earth can surpass it; forming, as it were, a
great reserve treasured up in nature's store-house,
■waiting for the trained hand of the enterprising
utilitarian to quietly unlock and use, to the benefit
and wealth of mankind. I cannot contemplate the
vastness and value of these sinews of wealth and
grandeur of my native State without being greatly
moved, and longing to see the day when a bet-
ter directed industry and wiser political economy
sh all, with fostering policy, call them forth, and bid
North Carolina be m practical fact what she is by
natuie designed, one of the best and most exten-
sive iron producing countries in the world. Once
developed, the mines will sustain themselves; and
the southern forge and rolling-mill will sustain and
meet the southern demand, and every car-wheel
that traverses the State, bearing the products of
her soil, will wind their way over iron rails taken
from the same soil without the aid of tariffs or
protection; and then, indeed, may we talk of and
about southern independence.
It has long been a growing conviction on the
part of the Government, that a national foundery
should be established, not only fur the certain
supply of a better article of certain kinds of fab-
rics of iron for naval and military use, but also
to improve the system of combining, and the
effect of combining, the various descriptions of
iron,and other kindred metalhcores. This import-
ant tfubjprf at one.- attracted the attention of the
present aole Secretaiy of War, upon his install-
