1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
.NAYri — Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigler, Broderick,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolutle, Fes-
i-endeii, Foot. Hale, Hamlin, Kennedy, King, Kice, Sebas-
tian, Seward, tilnelda, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
Yulee—^4.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. BRIGHT,. I want to reserve the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] to give the franchise to the Metropoli-
tan Railroad Company, and also the amendment
offered by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Reid']
Mr. BROWN. They were not voted in. You
cannot reserve them.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments, according; to the recollection of the Chair,
were rejected. The question will be put on con-
curring in all the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, in gross, 01 oh each separately,
as the Senate shall order. [1£ Altogether."]
Mr. BROWN. 1 would very much prefer to
take the vote on all of the amendments together.
If one goes on the bill they may all go on with
my entire approbation. 1 am opposed to all the
amendments for the reasons I stated before. If
the sentiment be that they shall be voted in, let
us take them altogether and let them go. That
gives, I will say, to the enemies of the bill an ad-
vantage which I am willing to yield at this late
hour, that we may get to other important busi-
ness. I hope, therefore, there will be unanimous
consent that we shall take the vote on concurring
in all the amendments together; because I want
to save time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on all the amendments together, if
there be no objection to that course.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 was anxious to have a vote
taken again on the amendment offered by the
Senator front Maryland. He is absent, however,
in consequence of sickness. I think it is due to
that gentleman, knowing theanxiety he feltabout
this bill, that he should present when the vote
is finally taken. I know it was his intention to
renew that amendment when the bill should be
reported to the Senate, and I believe the Senator
from North Carolina intended to renew the amend-
ment he offered, and which was voted down this
morning by a very small vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the bill will be open to further amend-
ment after the Senate shall have acted on the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was going to piopose, in
view of the lateness of the hour, that this matter
be postponed until Saturday next, with a view
of giving me an opportunity of calling up the bill
in reference to the introduction of Water. I do
not think it probable that this bill can be disposed
of to-day, at any rate.
Mr. BROWN. That is a proposition to post-
pone the bill indefinitely. That is all there is in
it. The bill has a majority of friends here, and
I hope they will vote down all such propositions.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is a proposition to postpone
it until there can be a full Senate, and something
like an expression of opinion on the part of the
Senate can be had. That cannot be had to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m all the amendments in gross,
winch were made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition of the Senator
from Indiana should commend itself as well to
the judgment as to the courtesy of the Senate. It
is well "known that the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pearce,] representing the State most nearly
connected with this city, and therefore having
special interest in it, offered an amendment which
was rejected when the Senate was not full, and
with reason to believe that it mrght be adopted
when the Senate was full. That Senator is de-
tained from Ins seat, as I understand, by illness.
His regular attendance here should secure, I think,
some consideration from the Senate to him, as one
who would not be absent if it were in his power
to attend. His investigation of the subject, his
deep interest in it, give him a light, I think, to be
heatd.
The propositions which the Senator from In-
diana makes to take up the question of supplying
the city with water,!? one which really requ4res
prompt action; the other does not. At this time,
when Washington is full of unemployed laborers,
and the price of iron is low, and steadily rising,
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
seems pleased. I agree with him that it is desir-
able it should rise still further. It has risfen,-
however, during this winter, I think, about foflr
dollars a ton, and is now advancing. The market
is yet dull; and to give the corporation the power
to go on immediately to tap the mains, and sup-
ply the city with water, is not merely to answer'
the purposes of the inhabitants, but it is to em-
ploy a large amount of labor, now suffering for
employment in this city; and by making a fresh
demand for iron, you hasten that advance in its
price which the Senator from.Pennsylvania de-
sires. I think, therefore, it is important, in an
economical view, so far as it connects itself with
other interests, that we should act promptly on<
the measure which has been brought forward
from the Committee on Public Buildings, m rela-
tion to supplying the Potomac water to the peo-
ple of Washington.
Mr. CAMERON. I did smile when the Sen-
ator from Mississippi spoke of iron, for I am
always delighted to see an ingenious mode of at-
tack. I have looked for some time at the skill
and ability with which he and the distinguished
Senator from Indiana have managed their oppo-
sition to this bill. Now, they talk about taking
up the bill for the introduction of water, which
will take .two or three days before it can be got
through.
Mr. DAVIS. Why?
Mr. CAMERON. Because there are se^ral
snakes in that bill, which ought to be brought out
from their hiding-places. It will have to be in-
vestigated a good deal. There is a great deal to
be said about it. It is not the love my friend has
for iron, but his great desire is to defeat this bill;
and 1 have never in my life seen so much.talent
wasted for the purpose of defeating a simple pri-
vate bill as there has been here.
Mr. PUGH. Is this a private bill?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I think it is a private bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Private individuals come in
and ask the right to make this road. They offer
to put their money into it on proper terms. Some
gentlemen think there is a great speculation in it,
and therefore oppose it. Mr. President, the most
common feeling of the human heart is envy. There
are some men who cannot imagine that itis right
for an individual, by his enterprise, to benefit
himself. They are always thinking of the injury
which is done to themselves, and fear that, be-
cause somebody else is going to make money,
there is something wrong. How have we got all
the great railroads of this country ? Have they
not been accomplished by individual enterprise,
by bold and daring and brave men? Look at all
your railroads through the country, and tell me
how many men have made money by them. You
start every enterprise with the expectation of
making profit, but generally end with making
none. That may be the case here. I intended
merely to say that I admired the skill of the gen-
tlemen who opposed this bill, and I always like to
pay my tribute to merit.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wtll say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that I can appreciate the estimale he
guts upon the skill of those who are opposing a
s'ort of close corporation with which lie seems so
intimately connected; and as to the snakes he
finds in the water bill, the sootier they are gotten
out the better. If that bill is a bad one, let it be
reformed at once. Notice was given to the Sen-
ate—1 heard it, and I suppose he did—of the pur-
pose of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings to bring up the bill this morning. The
reasons I have stated are public considerations.
They do not appeal to the mercenary motives of
some man who comes here for a franchise. They
speak to public convenience; and if public con-
j venience is to be trampled under foot ill order
that money may be put into the pocket of some
I man, it constitutes a reflection upon us, and will
! constitute a sad remembrance of this day. The
! bill offered now, sir, is one which concerns the
\ safety of the public buildings, the health and com-
fort of the city.
1 I had hardly supposed it would be needful to
, argue with the Senate that they should not claim
! the decision of a question in the absence of a
| Senator who was known to take great interest in
I it", and by counting noses to force the measure
upon the Senate in the absence of those who might
defeat it,. . . . k V-
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, if the friends of
the water bill really desire it to pass, I think the
wisest way of accomplishing that result-is to with-"
draw opposition to this bill, or what seems to be
at least a somewhat factious opposition. There
is, I think, an evident majority of the Senate in
favor of the passage of this bill. If that be so,
if Senators are not present, whose .fault is it? - Is'
every bill to be delayed virftil* you can have every-
body present ? This is the Senate of the United
States; this is theT place where Senators are ex-
pected to be torecoi'd theirvotes; and, if they, are
not here, that is their business and not ours.
Mr. DAVIS. 'I will say to my colleague, that
one Senator alluded to is absent from indisposi-
tion. The other, [Mr. Douglas,] whose amend-
ment has been voted on to-day, is also absent from
his seat because of sickness.
Mr. BROWN. I was about" to say that that
was the misfortune of individual Senators; but we
have only four weeks of the session left, and if •wse
are not to act upon any bill except whenever every
Senator is present who may choose to move an
amendment to it, there is an end of legislation. No
one would hesitate longer than I before he would,
force the consideration of a measure in which the
Senator from Maryland feels a deep interest; but
I cannot consent to let this only day assigned for
the consideration of District business pass by with-
out considering this measure, or any other, be-
cause the Senator from Maryland, or any other
gentleman, happens unfortunately to be detained
from his seat by sickness. If it were a long ses-
sion of Congress, I should act otherwise. If the
session could be prolonged until July or August,
as it generally is during the long session, I should
rather let it pass over; but that cannot be done.
To let this day pass is to defeat the measure.
As to the other Senators who are absent, I do
not kHOW the cause of their not being in their
seats; but whatever it may be, let other Senators"
who favor their amendments bringthem forward
and take votes on them. What 1 want is action.
I want to get along with business; to dispose of
this measure. I feel as earnest and as anxious
as my colleague to consider the water bill; but I
am in favor of considering one thing at a time.
Why, sir, this bill was passed as early as last
May by the House of Representatives; it has
been here ever since; and now what is the prop-
osition ?' To overslaugh it by a bill which- was
reported yesterday. Where is the justice in that ?
It is said one is a matter of great public import-
ance, and the other is a mere private speculation.
I have said, and I say again, that if I could
crush this whole railroad scheme out with a single
stamp of my foot, I would do it. I have no heart
in the thing; I have not had from the beginning,
and have not now. Only let the Senate come to
my support, and determine that you will preserve
Pennsylvania avenue from all encroachments of
this sort, and I am with you now, henceforth,
and forever. I never did believe that its grand,
magnificent proportions ought to be marred by a
; railroad upon it; but when bankers and grocers,
! and other men of fortune, come and ask a fran-
chise; when they come in their magnificence to
ask that old Vanderwerken, with his omnibuses -
1 and his horses, shall be driven off the avenue,
that they may have the privilege, I stand up to
j e"nter my protest against such injustice as that.
' I will not give this franchise, by my vote, to the
i Metropolitan Railroad.Company. Iwillnotgive
it to the Paikers and the Maurys. I will natgive
| it to men who stood by me in the earlier part of
i the struggle against marring the avenue with a
j railroad, and then have come in with their memo-
1 rials, showing a determination to clutch the prize
: themselves. They never stood by me in heart,
i They never had any regard for the avenue or for
1 its protection. They bided their time, to have
! an opportunity to interpose against these parties.
I That is all there is of it. If there be a speculation
i in it, he is entitled to the benefits of it who first
j conceived the idea <jf making it a speculation,
i If I could, I say again, Mr. President,convince
i the Senate-that the beautiful avenue stretching
; from here to the presidential mansion, and beyond
that to Georgetown, should in perpetuity be pro-
1 tected against this species of vandalism, I would
|j stand where I stood before. I stood upon that
!(, ground until I stood alone. The very men who
