216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
National Foundery—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps.
merit into office, and in his first annual report he
spoke and recommended the subject, in the fol-
lowing earnest and emphatic manner:
« The importance to the public service of establishing a
national foundery has been so often brougnt to the attention
of Congress by my predecessors, that nothing but a convic-
tion of its great consequence to the public and private in-
terests of the whole country encourages me to mention it
8^"1A well-managed national foundery would very speedily
develop and establish facts, which would add immensely
to our national wealth. It is scarcely to be credited that,
with the infinite variety of iron ore, and their boundless ex-
tent in the United States, we should not have yet discov-
ered a mine capable of making the very best gun, or, if such
be discovered, that there are no means by which the public
service can be benefited by it; but such xs the fact.
" A national foundery would serve as a great laboratory at
which the quality and val ue of metals throughout the whole
Confederacy would be tested and fixed. Every variety of
iron, with its special adaptation to particular uses, would, m
a few years, be familiarly known in the country, and indi-
vidual enterprises would be saved, in expemnents, many
times the amount which the works would cost; whilst a
great national branch of industry might, by this means, re-
ceve a legitimate and efficient encouragement.
" There is but little doubt that many American iron ores
are equal, at lea&t, to those of Norway, and yet the national
armories are driven by necessity to puichase trom abroad
the Norwegian iron for the manufacture of small arms.
Choosing to have the best quality ofarrns, wemu-.t go abtoad
for the bent quality of iron. A national foundery would soon
teach to improve the manulacture of iron, and we would
be saved the mortification of bringing iron Irom abroad, and
the money, too, we have to pay for it.
" The cost of heavy guns would presently be diminished,
and their quality would be, undoubtedly, very materially
improved. ., . .
"It therefore appears to me that every consideration of
sound policy and economy demands the establishment of
a national foundery, which I accordingly respectfully rec-
ommend. "
So soon as I discovered that this subject was
again recommended to the attention of Congress,
1 at once felt convinced that North Carolina was
the State, and the Deep river valley the locality,
which offered the best facilities for erecting such
a work; and when my colleague, [Mr. Branch,]
at the last session, offered a bill to this effecf, I
was in hopes the effort would move steadily for-
ward, and that the claims of North Carolina, and
the facilities she offered on this subject, would be
well considered, and,if well sustained, as I believe
they can be, conceded and allowed. Hut, like
most of measures which are of a truly practical
and commercial character for a southern State, it
has been permitted to linger till if is about forgot-
ten. It is now my purpose to revive the subject,
and claim for my State a full and fair hearing in
the premises. [ premise, then, by saying that
the Deep river valley, in the Sfate of North Car-
olina, is a suitable place for a national foundery,
and that the State of North Carolina has peculiar
claims for its location within her borders.
What constitutes a suitable place for a national
foundery?
1. Minerals and other materials for use in such
a work; and of these, principally coal and iron
ore.
2. Locality, accessibility to tide-water, and in-
accessibility to an enemy in time of war.
3. Climate, and means for subsisting a popu-
lation of mechanics and workmen.
On the first I can safely say, without dispar-
agement to other places, that the Deep river val-
ley has no superior. It has coal of the best and
most abundant quality, it is a bituminous coal,
totally free from sulphur, or other noxious ele-
ment militating against its free use for manufac-
turing purposes of any description. It is con-
ceded to be one of the beat gas coals in the world,
and yields the greatest abundance of the best coke
for smelting and forge work, and is well adapted
for making what is colled hollow-fires, for heavy
wrought-iron work. Its iron ores, too, are equally
supenor, embracing every variety. The specu-
lar, brown hematite, magnetic, and blue-clay ores,
are inexhaustible, and are all bedded together
in a narrow compass. And then, over and above :
any other place known on the continent, the only '
workable vein of black-band ore inteihnes the
coal-fields themselves; not only so, but are the
deepest m thickness and extent ever yet discov-
ered in any country. This is not assumption, ;
but fact, proven and visible to the inspection of |
any inquirer. A shaft, lately sunk by one of the 1
feet of black-band ore, all confined in a stratum
of some forty feet. This is only one spot; but
others are equally favored. But this important
malleable article of ore, for the purpose of making
all the descriptions of fabrics for war and naval
use, cannot be over-estimated, and should give a
controlling influence in the selection of the local-
ity for such a national work. With the use of
this deposit, exclusively, as yet, found in work-
able quantities in the Deep river valley, com-
bined with the other and harder ores found in
such great abundance, will enable the Govern-
ment to make every description of iron fabrics,
from the hardest steel cannon or shaft, down to
the softest loop-band that can be demanded for
any part of the naval or military departments.
Several very able and lucid reports have been
made by eminentgeologists, who base their state-
ments upon actual explorations, made with the
greatest caution and attention to the facts, among
whom I may mention prominently Professors
Johnson, Jackson, and Emmons-—the latter being
the authorized State geologist for North Carolina.
From their united opinions and statements in their
several reports, the following are some of then-
conclusions:
1. The coal is of a quality equal to the best
Newcastle coal, and the best for making gas, for
which purpose it would bring in New York six
or seven dollars per ton.
2. It is very easy to work, and free of fault.
3. It is admirably suitable for smelting iron,
being free from sulphur.
4. Black-band iron ore overlies and underlies
the coal, and can be mined from the same pits and
openings.
5. The black-band is in deposits eighteen
inches to six feet thick, and of a better quality
than any found in Scotland, containing such a
large portion of bitumen, and of so peculiar a
character that from twelve to sixteen gallons of
kerosene oil can be extracted from it while it is
being calcined to fit it for the blast furnace. Six
to sixteen inches is the usual thickness of the
black-band iron ore in Scotland.
0. Hematite iron ore, clay-band, and also mag-
netic iron ores, are in enormous deposits within
ten miles of the coal and black-band.
7. Pig iron can be made from the above depos-
its, of a quality superior to any made in Scotland,
m any quantity, and at prices less than in Scot-
land, the proximity of the minerals to each other
more than compensating for the higher wages in j
mining. Says a practical Scotch iron master,
speaking of the Deep river valley:
u I am satisfied that pig iron can be made at a co^t of
nine dollar* per ton in Chatham county, on the bank5; of
the Deep nver. One hundred and fifty thousand dollars
would suffice to buy enough of mineral land to supply two
furnaces with material lor some generations. It would suf-
fice to sink the pits, and eieet ivvo lumacesou the Scottish
puneiplc; and, af the nnnetal-J are thy s^aine a< in Scot-
land, the plans ouijht to be imported from thence The two
furnaces could make four hundred to live hundred tons a
week—>-dy twenty thousand ton-, pet aunum—at a cost of
about ten dollar pei ton. f•) Puce in New Voik
and Morton vanes fiom twenty-two dollars to twenty-eight
dollais per ton."
In addition to these materials, there is fire-clay
of best quality, in great abundance, interlining
the seams of coal and black-band ore; thus afford-
ing, from the same pit or shaft, coal, iron ore,
and fire-clay; and the other descriptions of iron
ore, to wit, the hematite, specular, and magnetic,
being immediately contiguous, leave nothing to
be done but to develop and use them to any ex-
tent and m every shape that the Government can
wish or require the use of iron.
The second supposed requisite for a suitable
site for a national foundery—the " locality, ac-
he, besides a railroad to Fayetteville, now under
construction, the fabrics for Government use can
safely and conveniently be carried out to the ad-
jacent seaports, or borne by railroad; whilst no
enemy's fleets can ascend the stream, or an armed
force invade the establishment without marching
over land a considerable journey; which is about
as nigh security as can be obtained. The locality
I claim to be a good orre.
Thirdly, climate, and means of subsisting a pop-
ulation of mechanics and workmen. In this re-
spect the Deep river valley certainly possesses
superior advantages. It forms, indeed, the divid-
ing line between what are peculiarly southern and
northern products. Extending south from the
locality of the mines, you travel se the cotton and
rice regions where those staples are produced for
export to all parts of the world; while, moving
towards the north and west from these mineral
deposits, you are greeted with a fine wheat, com,
and other vegetable-producing region, adorned
with beautiful scenery. In fact, all the staples,
either north or south, for the subsistence of work-
men, can be commanded in the Deep river valley
at the cheapest and most accommodating rates.
By way of description, it may be said that these
valuable mineral deposits are in <ea good land; a
land of brooks of water,of fountains, and depths
that spring out of valleys and hills; a land of
wheat and barley and vines and fig trees and
pomegranates; a land of olive oil, and honey."
And besides this, the climate itself is excellent,
being elevated and healthy, abounding in fresh
water springs of the purest quality. No region
is more healthy than that of which I am now
speaking.
There is also an abundant supply of oak and
all other timber suitable for such purposes as will
be needed about a national foundery, within con-
venient reach. There are also limestone and other
suitable materials for practical use in a foundery,
in abundant supply, in the country round about.
Then, may I not ask, what more is needed for
supplying oil the demands requisite for a national
foundery? Can as much as 1 have here attempted
to state, be said of any other named locality ? It
is true, other places may possess some particu-
lar articles of material to an equal, and perhaps
greater, degree than is to be found in the Deep
river valley; but then, can all the materials be
found to the same extent, variety, and quality ?
j Till better informed, I assert they cannot; that
j the same varieties of iron ore, with the same sup-
1 ply and quality of coal, with all the other mate-
j rials I have enumerated suitable for the making
; of every description of iron fabric for Govern-
| ment or national use, are yet to be found in such
| connection in any one place. And I then ask the
| question, why will not the Government pay proper
i deference to a place so suitable and favored by
j nature, in selecting its site for a national found-
' ery> Why shall not North Carolina number
1 within her borders some one of the Government
structures, when she offers at least equal, if not
the best, facilities; and derive, m common with
her sister States, some of the advantages to the
trade and commerce of her citizens, resulting from
Government expenditures? This latter consid-
eration would not be proper if North Carolina
did not offer equal facilities for the erection of a
national foundery to any other State or locality;
but when it is so clearly demonstrated that she
does, I feel authorized to claim for her the full
benefit of an equality in the distribution of the
public patronage; and I invoke the voice of every
Representative she has m this Capitol to unite
with me in the demand. I truly regret that the
opportunity has not been favorable for my col-
cessiMMw to tide water, and inaccessibility to an | league to urge the bill he introduced at the last
| enemy"—1 will briefly state, is advantageously; session, or that better progress couid^ not have
i presented in these NorLh Carolina coal fields. The
Deep river flows through the coal and iron depos-
its. It is a beautiful stream, highly adapted to
slack-watcr works, which are now being con-
structed. The distance from the site of the works
been made. But there is yet time and opportu-
nity, and let the future improve it. If it shall be
, my province to wield a voice in the deliberations
j which will finally dispose of this question, I shall
I be found earnest in insisting upon both the ad-
* vantages and rights of North Carolina in the
to the seaboard, or mouth of the Cape Fear river,    ^
into which Deep river flows, is only about one premises. i shall keep my eye steadily upon the
hundred and sixty miles; and tide-water, to the b movements of things in their behalf; and shall
depth of some twelve feet, comes to within some not fail to urge for my native State all that is so
^mpamereneage77n opwating''these mines,"'to j! seventy miles of the place where a national foun- j! j ustly due from this Government") her long-ncg-
the depth of five hundred feet, discloses no less dery could be advantagously erected. With the j| lected resources, su far as the Government haa
than upwards of seven feet of coal, and over eleven 11 -slack-water works completed, as they soon will n the right and power to act.
