218
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Oregon and Washington—Mr. Grover.
Ho. of Reps.
ent session convened. At the most urgent solicita-
tion on the part of the delegations of Oregon and
Washington, the matter was finally taken up.
The examination had, was, as the Auditor him-
self says, " cursory " in its character. In the
words of a member of the Military Committee,
[Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky,] used in the late
debate on this floor, " it was a criticism," and
what I call an ill-advised criticism.
X will review, in a brief manner, some of the
points of this remarkable letter of the Third Au-
ditor, and exhibit some of its inconsistencies not
noticed by my friend from Washington Terri-
tory, [Mr. Stevens.]
The letter of the Third Auditor says:
'• The evidence of indebtedness went before the com-
missioners, generally, on report of the quartermaster and
commissary generals. Whether or not the expenses were
incurred necessarily, or the property expended in a proper
manner by the subordinates ; whethei they were, in tact,
wholly incurred, or were partly constructive or simulated,
could only be determined by the commission.
" It may not be doubted that the quartermaster and com-
missary generals reported to them the true state ofsubordi-
nate accounts as received by them ; yet there is nothing
among the paper*to test their representation, and certainly
noihin*by which to a?.certam whether the subordinates did
or did not make faitniul returns. It is to be presumed that
the commission were satisfied on these points ; for they ap-
proved everything—only reducing rates; and no reasons
were given amonjj the papers for even that. The only ex-
ceptions are lew. and generally trivial. One or two cases
of labor, wheie the persons were enlisted men ; two cases
where enlisted men were known to have been employed,
and paid for the tune, m the regular Army, although regu-
larly mustered and di*chaigcd; and a few cases where the
time of service has been reduced."
But the report of the commission under review
says, upon this point:
"In examining into the amount of expenses necessarily
incurred (01 the maintenance of tiie*e volunieci forces, the
comm^sion deemed it piopci, under the authoiity con-
tained in the ouler oiganizmg the boaid, to visit extensively
both Territories, with a view of being informed fully of the
nature and extent of the iate Indian hosnlnies, the means
employed for their suppression, the rates of laboi,«the pi ices
current ot property furnished the seivice, and the taeilities
and expense ot uans-portation.
" 'I he otfjeeis ot the stulf departments, of the late volun-
teer service were visited, and the mode ot doing bus-mess
and the integrity of their account-* intjuued into. Irregu-
larities and niipeilections weie, of course, to be found, but
of property or labor not necessary or proper for j
, the maintenance of the volunteer forces, have j
| been rejected? The abstracts generally have been <,
completed under the direction of the commission, j
after a full marshaling of the accounts, and re-
jected claims of courts would not be entertained ,
upon them. ;
And as to there being no reasons given for the j
reductions recommended, such a statement could j
only come from one who had not read the report
of the commission, nor examined the accompany-
ing papers.
Complaint is made that some of the vouchers
for miscellaneous expenditures are indefinite and
uncertain. That is true; but the commission j
could not recognize the very basis of all these ,
claims, and require a compliance with the techni-
cal accuracy of regular accounts. They devoted
themselves to the only remaining alternative of
calling on the claimants to establish the items of
the account by proofs, and to justify their general
integrity. Nor could the lesults of this labor be-
come a matter of record without expending years
in the work, and accumulating quantities of pa-
pers which would never be examined.
The Auditor cites, in his letter, many instances
of vouchers selected from the accounts, showing
great variation of prices and high rates of pur-
chase; and, ill extreme cases, he reports exorbi-
tant charges, without stating what the action of
the commission was in the premises. For in-
stance, giving the purchases of Quartermaster
L. P. Brown, he states his purchases to have
been fifty horses and twenty-eight mules, " the
horses from $100 to $500," without communicat-
ing the fact that the commission deducted all over
$400 from the price of all horses exceeding that
figure.
On giving the purchases of duartermaster Mil-
lard, he says: " His prices appear to bo enorm-
ous—horses as high as $550, mules $500. He
purchased sixteen mules for $6,180; the lowest at
$275, and the highest at $500;" with the same
gross omission, in not stating the fact, patent on
the very roll from which he copied these figures,
| that the maximum price allowed in any of these i
    , . ' tij (l L tilt: if  u>us ihhwi uiivi/ - — - • - ■ ~ —
tu a !ev> extent than might have been anticipated. .uol.pi„r ipovmo- if to ho inferred
"The commission, in purlins itsui<iniuesintothecliar- j cases was Jj-lOO, theieby leav tig it to be marred
i pur   .
actor and extent ot -ueh liabilities, lirst took up the-«e j
vouchers and examined each in deiail with reteionec to— j
Firr-t, its hem? genuine and snflieieutlj authenticated ; sen- |
ond, the kind of pi opctl\ or s ei vices i-nibiaced, whether or j
not proper or nece.-j-arv, under the ciieiunstances, toi mil- j
il<try purpOf>e-> to which devoted; and, third, the rates of i
compensation allowed 01 contracted lor. I
kC Fiequertt conferences werehad with officers and agents ,
who originated the^e vouelieis, and with the paiiiescJ.mn- j
ant. in all ea^e^ admittine ot doubt in the reijiilai 11y and m- |
tegutyof the claim-; and, when necefsaty, the sworn state- ■
ment« of dt^uiteiested per-on?< have been taken. |
"Such claims, and items m any claim, as were based ■.
upon the furnishing of piopeity or labor not necessarv or i
proper for the maintenance of the volunteer forces, have |
been rejected.
" In pacing upon the rates of compensation and allow-
ances, the commission took into consideration the various
market prices o{ the ditrercntsectioiH ol country embtaced
in the field of operations dutnig the late Indian wai, ami
established, on the statements and testimony of the mo^t
competent witnesses, caiefully adjusted puces-current of
the several local markets. With these rates as a j/iide,
each voucher was examined with relerence to the sums
therein allowed for the propel ty or sen,ice dcseiihed. In
all cases where there existed established rates lor particular
kind of piopeity m a diM.nct, and the rale? m the voucher
weie excessive, a deduction was recommended and in-
dorsed theieon. In cases where rates were not excessive,
the voucher was indorsed ' approved.'
Many nt the < hums were for kinds of property which
could not admit of action upon any Jived basis, in which
cases particular inquiries have been made m adjusting the
amount allowed."
The italics in the quotation from the Auditor
are his own.
Why does the Auditor say that there is nothing
by which to ascertain whether the subordinates
did or did not make faithful returns, when he can
find among the papers, if he will examine, as
perfect returns and complete accounting, as far
as Oregon is concerned, as can be found in the
accounts of the regular Army, except in a few
unimportant instances?
Why does he say that " it is to be presumed
that the commission were satisfied on these points,
for they approved everything, only reducing rales,
and no" reasons were given among the papers for
even that," when the report of the commission
distinctly states that the regularity and integrity
of the claims were strictly inquired into, and that
such claims as were based upon the furnishing
that all these rates passed the approval of the
commission, and that the whole thing was an at-
tempted swindle on the Government. This fea-
tuie of svggestio falsi runs through the entire letter
of the Auditor, as far as it relates to prices of
property.
The Auditor notices, as a case of triple allow-
ance or pay, that William Johnson, (of Keith &
Johnson,) one of the owners of the ferry across
the Columbia river, at the Dalles, has a claim of j
$644 50 against the Territory of Oregon; while,
during the time in which this claim was engen-
dered, the firm had contracted for $300 per month
to ferry all the troops and public animals and
stores, for Washington Territory; while John-
son himself was a private in Captain Goff's com-
pany of volunteers. Two other cases of triple
pay, so termed, those of Packwood and Packard,
at the Nesqually ferry,in WashingtonTerritoiy,
are mentioned by the Auditor as presenting this
condition of things. These men were volunteers
in the service of the Territory, and at the same
time have claims for ferriage of troops and public
animals; and he adds:
" The tact of their being in the service, under pay, seems
not to have made any difference in their chargcs for ferri-
age ; and they, or one of them, besides, charged for a great
many separate meals to vanous passing travelers."
The simple fact is, that the owners of ferries in
Oregon and Washington hardly ever run their
ferries themselves personally, nor do I know that
the people of those regions differ in this respect
from the people of the States generally; and when
they contract by the month to convey a person,
or a family, or the troops of a State or Territory,
across a river, they do not thereby preclude them-
selves from conveying other persons, or the troops
of other States or Territories, for hire; nor do they
preclude themselves from joining in the defense
of their country. And further, 1 do not know of
any law or rule of our Government which would
forbid a keeper of a public house, as Packwood
was, from entering the public service in time of
war. And if he should do so, I cannot see how
his family could be debarred from conducting the
public house, as his did, in the name of the pro-
prietor, and claiming and receiving pay " for a
great many separate meals to vanous passing
travelers." Can the fact that a man is a soldier
deny to him the earnings of his ferry, or of his
public house, or of his servants and family > And
does it compel him to feed the public for nothing?
According to the Auditor, (Quartermaster Pe-
ters's account show that m the hire of animals for
public transportation, " the persons from whom
the animals were hired were nearly all in the ser-
vice as teamsters and packers." This is fur-
nished as a class of instances of double pay.
In the mountainous regions of southern Ore-
gon and northern California, transportation of
goods by mule-trains is a very important branch
of business. The proprietors usually accompany
their own trains, and when they are required for
public service, they enlist with their animals; and
I never before heard the intimation of any rule
which would deny the employe his pay, if he
happened to own the animal which he might ride
or drive.
The following statement is calculated to mis-
lead :
"The adjutant general, (Tilton, the surveyor general
of the Government, at a salary of $3,000 a year,) with the
rank of brigadier general, reported foi pay to the amount in
addition uf §4,815 81."
This would indicate that an attempted fraud
had been disclosed. The commission made no
such report. The staff-rolls were regularly made
out, and the pay accruing to each officer, accord-
ing to his rank, was carried out on the roll. When
any officer held a public place under the United
States, his official character and salary were stated
also. The commission made no special recom-
mendation, but gave all the facts, so that the
proper accounting officer could adjust the matter
according to the laws and rules governing his De-
partment. Under general law, two salaries can-
not be paid during the same current period of
service; but the officer has his right to elect which
he will take.
It is stated that the roll of Captain Williams s
company, Washington Territory volunteers, " is
full of errors and confusion." As the sole specifica-
tion under this general charge, it is declared that
" seventeen of the men are set down and reported
for pay by the commissioner for themselves and
horses, at nearly eight dollars per day, each." This
sentence seems intended to induce the belief that
the commission allowed seventeen men of Cap-
tain Williams's company " eight dollars per day,
each," while the roll referred to does not show
this. The roll will show, that on volunteering,
seventeen men of.this company put several horses
each into the public service, which were used to
mountthe balance of the company; and, perhaps,
some men of other companies, who furnished none
for themselves. The roll further shows, that each
of those seventeen men were allowed by the com-
mission two dollars per day for his own services,
and two dollars per day for the use and risk of
each horse which he put into the service, and the
amount is carried out in gross, to each man, ac-
cording to the territorial law.
Referring to the same subject, in another part
of the letter, the Auditor says:
" In some of the companies, the members had more
horses in service than ttiey were entitled to keep—all ot
which are reported for pay."
In letter, this statement is true; but in fact, it
is not true. The members of any company who
had more horses in service than they were enti-
tled to keep, did not keep them. They were en-
tered to the use of the Territory, and were used
to mount men who had no horses, and such were
reported on the same roll as mounted on horses
furnished by the Territory, because the Territory
was charged on that roll with the hire of the horses
so furnished.
The same answer will apply to the reference
made to Captain Yantis's company, " in which
one private is reported for pay for three horses in
service, which was two more than he was entitled
to keep." No private in either of the Territories
did keep, or receive pay for, more than one horse
for his own use. This mode of entering horses
furnished by the volunteer, or by others, on the
company muster-roll, is not a new thing in the
frontier service of the country. It was practiced
in the volunteer service of 1853, in the Rogue river
