840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bright, CoHamei^ Davis, Fitzpat-
rick, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Termossee, King, Ma-
eon, Reid, and Shields—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Bigler, Broderick, Brown,
Cameron,Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doohttle, I)urkee,Fes-
senden, Foot, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, Rice, Sewaul,
Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—81.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is at the end of section one to insert:
" and that they shall have at all times the power
of taxation;" so that it will read:
Provided. That the maintenance and use of said road
shall be subject to the municipal regulation of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown respectively, and that tliey
Khali have at all nines the power ol taxation.
Mr. BROWN. I did not think, at the time that
amendment was adopted, that itamounted to any-
thing. I think the power of taxation is guaran-
tied by the original language of the bill.
Mr. PUGH. When I wanted to have a part
of the price of this big franchise set apgwt, I was
told the bill providedfor taxation. Nowitseems
we cannot even tax them on anything.' I think
the yeas and nays had- better be taken o« this
amendment, especially after the pretenses urged,
on the faith of which my former amendment was
rejected. I ask for the yeas and nays. I
Mr. BROWN. I desire, before we go farther
in this matter, to say a word. . I know what is to j
be the result. These calls for the yeas and nays, !
whether gentlemen design it or not, have the effect ;
of pairing us down below a quorum, and thus to
defeat this bill. It has a majority in the Senate,
and I tell Senators now that that majority will
stand by it. We will pass this bill befote the ses-
sion closes, unless you can get us below a quorum
this evening; but we shall have another day m
committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am in favor of the Metro-
politan Company, and if the vote comes on that,
1 will vote for it; but i should dislike very much
to see a bill of this kind, or any other bill, defeated
by reducing the Senate so as to leave it without a
quorum. I think it is nota ptoper way of acting.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I vote on the side of the
Senator from Georgia, Mr. Toombs, with whom
I had paired off, in order to make a quorum.
The result was announced—yeas 13, nays 20;
as follows:
YKAS—-Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, fiiteht, Davis, Fitch,
Fitzpatriek, Fotft, Houston, Hunter, Johnson oi'Temieb-ee,
Pugh, Keid, and Shields—P.
NAYS—Ales^rs. Allen, Bayard, Hell, BiodeiiuU, Iho'.vn,
Cameion, Chandler, Clark, rii\ou, l-HniuUo, Dmkre, Fvs?
KPnden, Hnmhn, Harlan, Kennedy, Uk'C, Seward, Sim
mons, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the Senate refused to concur m the amend-
ment.
The next amendment, made ax in Committee
of the Whole, was in section two, line six, to
strike out the words " shall not b.e moie than four
feet," and insert " shall not be fess than five and
a half feet;" and in the seventh line to strike out
the words " excced six," and insert4< be less than
eight."
Mr. BROWN. I feel towards that amendment
as I do towaids all the others, that it had better
be rejected; but if it is going to be retained, f sug-
gest that it ought to be changed necessarily, be-
cause it is all wrong.
Mr. PUGII. It appears to mo that, if thepe
cars be confined to the limits fixed in the House
bill, they will look like a shad on wheels. They
are very narrow. I do not sec how, in the pres-
ent style of ladies' dress, they are to get into
them.
Mr. BROWN. I should think a six feet car
was wide enough for a lady's dress.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe this amendment was
offered by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, who has the bill in charge, and he gave
very cogent reasons and satisfactory ones for its
adoption at the time. . •
Mr. BROWN. I said at the time that, if other
amendments were to be made, it was proper to
make this one.
Mr. BIGLER, called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. BROWN. I hope, before the vote is tukcn>
that I shall have the unanimous consent of the
Senate to reduce the gauge from five feet six
inches to five feet two and a half inches, as that
is whatl intended in the beginning, and the width
of the cars from eight to seven feet. The manu-
script was out of my hands at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifica-
tion can be made by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection; and that modification
! will be made to the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Now, sir, I shall vote against
the amendment,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays IB; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell,Bigler, Bright,Davis, Fitch,
Fitzpatriek, Foot, Houston, Hunter, Johnson oi Tennessee,
Retd. and Slmdds--i3.
NAYS—Allen, Brodeiiek, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik. Dixon, Doohttle, jpurkee, Fessenden,
Hamlin, Hatlan, Kennedy,Rice, Seward, Simmons, Wade,
! and Wilson—18.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thefe being
; less than n quorum, this vote is a nullity,
i Mr. BROWN. This is what I have been look-
, ing for all day. We find ourselves, about half past
! four o'clock, without a quorum. Jf we adjourn
; now, this bill will be the unfinished business on
! Monday morning; and I notify the fiiends and
1 the enemies of the bill that I*shall insist on its con-
' sideration to the exclusion of all other business;
; and if we have, as I think we have, a clear major-
ity m favor of the bill, we will put it through to
the exclusion of appropriation bills and evcry-
, thing else.
1 Mr. SEWAIID. We have until Monday mom-
i ing to make up our minds whether we arc m
i readiness.
; Mr. BROWN." I move that the Senate do now
i adjourn.
; The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
, adjourned.
| HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
| Saturday, Februmy 5, 1839.
! The llouao met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J. (t. Hamnfji, I). 1).
The Clerk commenced to read the Journal of
i yesterday.
Mr. DAVIDSON. There is not a quorum
1 present. I move'that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes that
. there is a quorum.
j, Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. IhopeMhe
; gentleman will withdraw his motion for a call of
■ the House, and let. the Journal bo read.
!| Mr. DAVIDSON. I withdraw the motion,
'i The Clerk resumed the reading of the Journal.
; Mr. HARRIS. Did 1 understand the Chair
! to say that then- was a quorum present?
: The SPEAKER. The Chair piesumes there
1 is. There nuifht to be.
Mr. HARRIS. Members ought either to be
here at eleven o'clock, or we ought to go back to
, tiie usual hour of meeting—twelve o'clock. We
' do not gam a quarter of an hour by this opera-
. tarn.
I Mr WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
! debate.
■ The SPEAKER. The Chair Will ascertain
whether there is a quorum puesent. [After a
i count, j There are but eighty-five memberspres-
| eat.
Mr. HARRIS. I move a call of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that 1 ask for
1 the yeas and nays.
The yea>; pud noys were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 47, nays 67; as follows:
YF.AS--Admin, Amlei.^ou. Thnjihaid, TliiilirUmi,
Burnett, Cj<-e, John Cuchiane, Coliaw Covorfe^ Cuuvfoid,
Cuny. DavuKon, Da\i- of Indiana, Dean, Dodd, Edic,
' r.iuiknei, F"!ev, Fo>iei. Garlteh, Greonu ood, GroL'K, Har-
, km, Hat-u<,'lop'una, Houston, Jluwnrd, Geo'jje \Y. Jnne*,
Owen JKmpp, Landy, T-eitei, Nuiiaek, Parker,
Redly. Rnilin, Savage, SeHk's, Seanmr, 1 'napkins Wade,
1 W.ui): idec, Wakon. When 0. WaMibuine, VVm&low, Wor-
■ te>i'l, ke. ;ir,d Ailgu-tll^ R Wnght—47.
: iVAYS—Abhott. Allans, Bennett, Eonhain, Bray-
ton. Cavanaiiiih, Clialloe, Cobb, Cockciill, Cia<jm, Curtis,
, I)a\ i- ot'Ma- -uchu^ us, Dawes, Dowddl, Dmlee, Feuton,
Giddtnjrs, Crilman, Goocb, Goode, Grander, Lawrence W.,
Hall. H-iteli, ilo.iul, Hade's, Hushes, Jackson, Jenkins,
!i Kohii,Kehey. Kihjoie, Leach, Leidj, Jjovejoy, McKibbm,
|, Alatiossoji, Mii! on, Moitjan, Moirill, If-aac N. Mouis, Froe-
1 _ man II. Morse. Mutray, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
;1 William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Royce,
■ Sewaul, Aa*von Shu\v. Robert Snath, ?<unuei A. Snnth,
William Smith. Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tal-
bot, Tappan, xMiles Taylor, Thayer, Yance. Waldron,Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Watkins. and Wilson—67.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
During the vote,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col?
league, Mr. Barr, had left the city on account of
ill health.
Mr. WGRTENDYKE stated^ that his col*
league, Mr. Huyler, .was detained from the
House by severe sickness.
Mr. CLAWSON, not having been in the Hall
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection v;as made.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, made a similar
request.
Objection was made.
Mi*. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, made a sim-
ilar request.
Mr. HOWARD and others objected.-
Mr. GROW. I ask the same privilege that my
colleague asked.
Mr. HOWARD. And I make the same ob-
jection.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, made a similar
request.
Objection was made.
Mi*. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I had a little busi-
ness irv the Departments, and have just come in.
I ask leave to vote.
Mr. COX. I object.
I' Mr. AHL asked leave to vote,
j Mr. HOWARD objected.
!| Mr. ROBERTS made a similar request.
!j Mr. HOWARD objected.
I! Mr. VALLANDIGHAAI made a similar re-
quest.
Objection was made.
Air. CRAIG, of Missouri, made a similar re-
quest.
Mr. COX. I object, until my name be en-
tered.
Mr. GILLIS. I was not in the Hall when my
name w^s called; but I should like to vote.
Mr. KELSEY objected.
The vote was then announced as above.
Mr. HOUSTON. No quorum has voted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
j whether there is a quorum present. [After a
s count.] There are one hundted and thirty-two
[ members in the Hail.
! The Journal of yesterday was then read and
| approved.
| ST. CLAIR FLATS.
| Mr. LEACII, by unanimous consent,presented
| certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
' State of Michigan, m reference to the pending
| appropriation before the Congress of the United
: States for the improvement of the St. Clair fiats;
| winch were laid on the table, and ordered to be
j punted.
CORllKCTIO'N.
i Mr. SCALES. I am reported in some of tlm
1 papers as having been absent the other day when
: the vote was taken on the homestead bill. I de-
: sire to say that I Wtis present and voted in the
; negative, and would like to inquire whether my
i name is recorded and how?
; The SPEAKER The gentleman's name is
j recorded m the negative on the Journal.
) RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
give notice that I shall, on Monday next, ask'
the unanimous consent of the House to take up
; the mer and haibor bill; and if any gentleman
be unreasonable enough t<  object, I shall move
to suspend the rules, and ask to have the bill put
upon its passage.
INCREASE OF POSTAGE.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of New York, in relation to an increase of
the United States postage; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
JEHU UNDERWOOD.
Mr. BENNETT. There was a bill passed
yesterday with an amendment, (S. No. 1^9,) to
provide for the final settlement of the land claim of
the heirs of Jehu Underwood, of Florida; and the
title does not accord with the amendment. I ask,
