1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Ofegon and Washington—Mr. Grover.
Ho. of Reps.
country, and in other volunteer services. The
commission had no power to reconstruct these
rolls in this 'particular, and it remained only for
them to renort the services and the right of claim-
ants; which they did.
Referring to the transactions of Quartermaster
Millard, the Auditor says:
(i .He, as well as the rest of quartermasters of the Terri-
tory, appear to h«tve consideted tobacco an article of mili-
tary supply, winch, it is scarcely necessary to say. is un-
known to any service ever recognized by the United
States."
The article is treated by Quartermaster Millard
as " clothing, of which he received and issued two
thousand three hundred and twelve pounds."
Now let me ask, Mr. Chairman, how was the
article of " clothing " treated in these accounts?
The law required that the volunteer should fur-
nish his own clothing; and in case he waa unable
to do so, he was furnished by the Territory, and
the amount so furnished was charged to him and
estopped against his pay. So with tobacco; it was \
not a part of the military ration, as whisky used j
to be in the time of our grandfathers, but it was i
furnished as clothing was, and estopped against i
the pay of the volunteer. I think, with the Au- i
ditor, that it was scarcely necessary to say " i
that the supply of tobacco to our military seivice ■
is unknown, tor such a statement is not founded ;
in fact. The American soldier, nowhere, is ever j
found without his tobacco, any more than Na- !
poleon was found in battle without his snuff. At i
established military posts of our Army, sutlers, i
dealing with the soldiers under authority of the j
commanding officer, furnish them with tobacco, !
keeping an account which is adjusted at the
monthly pay table, if not before, by the soldier
himself. And during campaigns beyond tiie line
of settlements, commissaries, when there arc no
traveling sutk rs, arc ordered to take a supply of |
tobacco, and to furnish it to troops at cost, estop- i
ping the amount from their monthly pay account, i
Our army in Mexico, in many cases, were sup- |
plied in this manner. The volunteers of Oregon j
and Washington received no monthly payments; ;
and, consequently, the supplies of this character j
were furnished by the Territories, and estopped i
against the pay that might he allowed them there- ;
after. In principle, the practice in the regular !
Army and that of the volunteer service of Oregon
and Washington are the same in this particular.
The only difference i<*, that the consumption of
tobacco dons not appear m the accounts of the |
regular service, and does appear in those of the i
volunteers. Nor would these items have appeared |
in the volunteer accounts if there had been month- j
ly, or any other payments, whereby they could 1,
have been adjusted otherwise. ii
In the examination of the accounts of Wash- j
ingtou Teuitory, constant complaints, like the J
following, occur: j
"None of the property purchased by Governor Mason j
appears to be accounted lor." 11
And again: i
"There are twenty-nine vouchers representing these 1'
claims, not one article of which appear to be accounted
for."
Instead of mixing in these constant complaints j,
throughout hits letter, why did he not do the peo- ■
pie and officers of that Tcrntoty the justice to j'
give the plain statement of the commission relat- ;
ing to this very subject, as follows: i'
(< The authoutie-v of the Temtorv of Washington have not i
been able to present, in any regular or tabular torm, t-ati^- I
factory accounts of the di-burseinent or use ot such public i;
property as was actually expended in the public seivice ; in ;.
the absence of which, the commission, m addition to the
personal examination of the board in the piemise^, has re-
quned sworn statements of such officer* (chief and suboidi !;
nate) as were charged, during the service, with the same, ['
touching the disposition of Mich property." !1
And why did he not examine these sworn t'
statements and state their effect in a fair and just ji
manner ?
To one acquainted with the condition of our
frontiers, and the history of our country, this
failure to furnish regular accounts is no maivel.
No attempt was made at any accounting in this
particular in the Cayuse war; in the war with the
California Indians, in 1850; m the Rogue river
war of 1853; or in any irregular service that I
know of, except in that of Oregon in 1855-56.
And the General Government, in adjusting the
expenses of those wars, has never demanded any
regular accounting. The inexperience of those
issuing such public property h.;s generally pre-
cluded the practicability of full accounting.
But when theie is a regular and accurate ac-
counting, the Third Auditor points at it with the
finger of ridicule. Presenting the property ac-
count of Captain William Kelly, he says:
"The public property leceived by this officer and Ins
company is very regularly accounted for, though the ab-
stracts and vouchers me made out in triplicate, which n-as
an unnecessary u-aste of stationery
I will only remark that all disbursing officers of
this service who did their business safely, made
out their abstracts and vouchers in triplicate; one
for the United States, one for the Territory, and
one for then* own protection.
in presenting the accounts of L. P. Brown,
quartermaster at Deer Creek, for the purpose, I
suppose of indicating that there were too many
quartermasteis, he says that, " Deer Cieek is
near Fort Leland, where Huelat (a quartermas-
ter) was." Tins information would be import-
; ant, if true. Deer Creek is eighty miles from
j Fort Leland; the one in the Umpqua valley, the
j other m the valley of the Ro<rue river, separated
j from each other by the Umpqua mountains, six
; thousand feet high. Through a deep pass, a
; canon in the mountains twelve miles long, the
Government has been constructing a military road
I at an expense of $20,000 to connect the two le-
; gions for military puiposes.
i Some of Quartermaster Brown's accounts show
! that wheat, oats, and barley were purchased dur-
, ing the war for scrip, at rates exceeding four dol-
i lars per bushel; and that m September, after the I
, close of the war, oats were purchased as low as \
' seventy-five cents per bushel, and hay at thirty ;
dollars per ton. The auditor adds: j
1 <k Tin* shows the difference between scrip ciedit prices '
i during the war, and cash prices immediately theieattei." j
| Now, Mr. Chairman, allow me to make a state- !
, ment which will not confuse the minds of gentle- ;
I men, nor mislead the judgment of this committee. !
j' In the accounts of Lieutenant Sweitzer, of the
regular Army serving m southern Oregon, in the ;
fourth quarter of 1855, which was at the com- i
mencementof the volunteer service in that region, \
i and when prices were lower than at any time 'if- '<
i terwards until its close, he paid for oats twelve j
; and a half cents per pound, which, according to ■
! the weight of oats in that country, is five dollars |
' per bushel. Me paid ei^ht cents per pound for
barley, which is $4 80 per bushel. He paid five ■
' cents per pound for hay, which is $100 per ton.
! These were cash payments. After the war he j-
i could have purchased as low as Quartermaster i;
Brown did, because a new crop had been har- h
vested, and extraordinary demand had ceased.;!
This shows the difference between cash prices (luting |!
the tear and ca&k prices immediately ifweojler. j!
The Third Auditor, had all these fae's before 1
him, when he made the ingenious statement which ■
miscarried the Military Committee on this point, j
•Slight inaccuracies of figures, as where a seven j
has been reckoned as a nine, by its being mts- j
taken for that figure by a computing clcrk, &c., |
have been placed in bold relief in this letter, as |
though more mistakes of the kind, in half the '
amount involved, did not frequently occur in the •
accounts of every depai tment of the Government. 1
What relevancy has such kind of criticism to an :
inquiry into the merits of these claims on the >
principles on which they were adjusted? But I I
have no time to go further with these corrections [
and exposures, although they might, with ease, !
be carried to the end of the chapter. ]
Mr. Chairmen, my friend from Washington i
Territory [Mr Stevens] thinks that the Third ;
Auditor, " through ignorance did these things." :
\ will not characterize this letter to the Military '
Committee in the terms which I now think it de-
serves. I hope it may prove to have been writ- 1
ten under a misapprehension of the real facts. \
The Committee on Military Affairs (I am sorry j
that I see none of thein present) took action based j
upon the statements of this letttr. Could ac- I
tion on such a basis be otherwise than unjust?;
They reported to this House, through their chair- j
man, [Mr. Faulkner,] the following resolutions, ;
which, after some debate, were adopted: 1
'c Resolved, That, prehnnnaiy to the Una! settlement and j
adjustment of claims of citizens of the Territories of Or- I
11 egon and Washington for expenses incurred in the year
H l85o->6, in repelling Indian hostilities, it shall be the duty of
: j the Thud Auditor of the Treasury to examine the vouchers
and pupcrs now on file in his office, and make a report to
jj the House of Representatives by the first Monday in l>e-
11 eemher next, of the amounts respectively due to each com-
pany and individual engaged in such service; taking the
following rule!,as his guide in ascertaining the amounts so
due :
1. He shall recognize no company or individual as en-
titled to pay, except s>uch as were called into service by the
territorial authorities of Oregon and Washington, or such
whose services have been recognized and accepted by the
said authorities.
" 2. He shall allow to the volunteers engaged in said ser-
vice no higher pay and allowances than were given to offi-
cers and soldiers of equal grade at that period m the Army
of the United States, including the extia pay of two dollars
per month given to troops serving on the Pacific by the act
of , 185:2.
"3. No person, either m the military or civil service of
the United States, in paid Territories, shall be paid for his
service in more than one employment or capacity for the
same period of time; and all such double or triple allow-
ances for pay as appear? in said accounts shall be rejected.
4. That, in auditing the claims for supplies, transport-
ation and other services incurred for the maintenance of
said volunteer's, he is directed to have a due regard to the
number of said troops, to their period of service, and to the
prices cunent in the country at the time, and not report
said service beyond the time actually engaged therein, nor
to lecognize supplier beyond a reasonable appioximation to
the pioporttons and dc<cnptions authorized by existing laws
and regulations for such troops, taking into consideration
the nature and peculiarity of the service.
{,5. That, all claims of said volunteers for horses, arms,
and other ptopertv, lost or destroyed in s^aid service, shall
he audited according to the provisions of the act approved
March 3, 18-19."
The first resolution is unimportant, as no ac-
tion will ever take place under it, after the facts
are known; and these facts have been patent on
the rolls at all times.
The second resolution is intended to cut down
the pay of volunteers from two dollars per day
j to the grade of regular troops. The crying in-
, justice of this rule would be to defeat its object,
! the adjustment of the claims of the citizens for
services rendered the Government in time of war.
The volunteers would not accept anything under
it. In fact, many of them could not accept any-
thing, for in cases where volunteers were furnished
an outfit of clothing for the service, as they were
in many instances by the Territories, at rates of
purchase, and the prices estopped against their pay
on the rolls, they would be in debt to the Govern-
ment after having served four or five months in
the war. The service in Oregon and Washing-
ton was mostly rendered during the winter months
of 1855-56, and the volunteers going into the field
without tents or shelter of any kind, campaign-
ing mostly beyond the line of settlements, sleep-
ing on the frozen ground or in the mud and snow,
they needed about the following outfit:
2 p.urs heavy blankets, at $8  
1 ov<n
20
1 pair ot pants  10
1 hunting <-hnt.....          6
1 pair boots    10
Other clothing   10
Amount <$-72
If in service five months, he might be allowed
§60. The account would then stand:
Volunteer —:— T"o the United States, Dr.
To one ^uit of clothes.       
Cr.
By military service as a private, &c., from October 15,
leor., to Match lo, lb56, live month*    60
Balance due the United States 
..$12
But this is not half the account. The volun-
teer, at the close of the war, would return to the
settlements, his clothing, and perhaps his consti-
tution, worn out in the service. If he was poor
and had no credit, he could not supply himself
with clothing; and before his discharge, would
demand of the quartermaster a suit of clothes, to
enable him to return to his friends decently clad.
There are instances where such advancements
have been made at the close of the service. This
would add still more to his indebtedness. In all
thot-e cases, where these disabilities do not appear
on the rolls, they have been discharged in cash
by the volunteer during the service. It will be
thus seen how insignificant the amount of pay
under this resolution will be, as compared with
the necessary personal contingencies of the vol-
unteers in this war.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is said the volunteers
receive the same pay as regulars serving in the
