842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
made an adverse report upon the petition of P.
M. Epping, for services as United States consul-,
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
G. S. MURAD.
Mr. ROYCE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of G. S. Ma-
radiate vice-consul at Jerusalem and Jaffa; whichw
w$a laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN MONTE.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of John
Monte; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
HEIRS OF JAMES MITCHELL.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of the
heirs of James Mitchell; and the same was laid
upon the table.
JOHN D. MORGAN.
On motion of Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina,
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of the heirs of John D. Morgan: and
the same was referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse
reports on the following cases; winch were laid
upon the table:
The memorial of Ann Hardgrave; and
The petition of William Speer.
NANCY WEEKS.
Mr. LEIDY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Nancy Weeks, of
Georgia; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ELNATHAN SEARS.
Mr. LEIDY also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for tin.- relief of Elnarhan Sears,
late of New Yoik; winch was road a fuvt and
second time, referred to a Committee of the \V hole
House on the Piivatc Calendar, and, with theac-
companying report, ordeied to be printed.
SAMUEL WINN.
Mr. LEIDY also, fiom the same rommit^o,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Win u, only
surviving child of ilichaid Winn, a i evolutionary
officei; winch was read a first and second lime.
Mr. LEIDY. I move that the bill be put on
• its passage.
Mr. MORGAN. The bill contains an appro-
priation,and must go to a Committee of the "Whole
House. 1 object to iis consideration now.
The SPEAKER; It must go to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. BOYCE. ) wish to give notice that when
the bill comes up 1 shall move an amendment, in-
stead of Samuel Wnm, to nisei t, "the sui vi vmg
sou and grandchildren of." That, old gentleman
has a great many grandchildren living m my
State, and I thmk that they ought to have a share
of this money.
The biil was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to oe printed.
ROBERT PURCHASE.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionai y Pensions, repoi ted a bill granting a pen-
sion to Robert Putcbase,a soldier of the Revolu-
tionary war; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. PARKER. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to put the bill on us passage.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I must submit
the motion that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of ihe Union, if these bills,
when repoi ted, are to be put upon their passage
when the bills and reports are not printed and be-
fore us. jLet the bill go to a Committee of the
Whole House,
Mr. PARKER. This bill will take but a mo- !
ment. |
The hill directs the Secretary of the Interior to !
place the name of Robert Purchase, of Ontario i
county, State of New York, on the roll of revo- I
lutionary pensioners of the United States, and I
pay to him the sum of eighty dollars per annum, j
to be computed from the 4th day of March, 1831, j
and to continue during his natural life. j
It appears from the report that the evidence i
produced shows that Mr. Purchase was a soldier i
of the revolutionary war, and served as a musi- |
cian for a period of mbre than two years. This j
is very satisfactorily shown by the evidence of <
two persons who were his neighbors and knew
him during the war; and one of whom served with ,
him during a portion of the period of lus service. !
Tins latter witness swears that he has no doubt i
that he served fiom August, 1776, duung the :
war, as he saw him at diffeient times in the set-- j
vice; that he served with him in New Jersey and !
New Yoik; that the said Mr. Purchase w^s m !
the battle of Long Island; and that th^y were to- s
gether in the battles of Stillwater and Saratoga, j
it further appears that the said Robert Pur- j
chase is now over one hundred years old,and so 1
infirm in mind and mctfiory as to be incapable of
making the sworn dchuation required under the
rules of the Pension Office; and hence the appli-
cation is necessarily made to Congress in his be-
half. The reason assigned in the petition why
no application has hemtofore been made for a ,
pension i s, that until recently the petitioner has 1
enjoyed all the necessaries of life without aid fiom
the Government. But reverses h:ive occurred m
his old ago, and he and his wile now rcquue !
mnre for their support than their menus attord.
It is believed that he is fully entitled, under the J
act of June 7, 1832, to a pension at the highest |
rate of pay per year given to a private by said j
act.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does not that bill
provide for an application of hack pensions from
1J up; and, making an appropriation, must it
not have its first consideration ma Committee of
the Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the bill makes an appropriation, but he will look
at it.
Mr. GROW. 1 hope that there will be no ob-
jection to this bill. Here is an old revolutionary
soldier, one hundred years old, who cannot live
much longer. Ought we to refuse him this act of
justice ?
The SPEAKER. The bill only directs the
Sr>cietary of the Interior to place the name of
Robeit Purchase upon the pension roll: and the
Chair thereioie overrules the point of Older.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has this person
ever applied at the Pension Office? If he can
make there the proof he has made before the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, he will
net his pension without the intervention of Con-
gie.ss.
Mr. PARKER. EIc is pot in a condition of
nund and body to make application on the oath
required, as the report states.
Mr. FOSTER. I Impe ail objection will be
wnhdrasviT", and the bill will be allowed to pass.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question
on the passage of the hill.**
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed,
Mr. PARKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which'the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsidcr upmi the table.
The latter motTon was agreed to.
JOHN SHEID.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Uevo-
i lutionary Pens'ons, reported adversely on the
1 case of John Sheid; and jjioved that the report be
I laid upon the table, and oidered to be printed,
i Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Ilere is another
1 old revoiuiiouaiy soldier, of one hundied years
| of a^e. Why should he not be treated as well as
! etheishave been? And, sir, he oniv asks for two
! dollars a month. The Pension Office actually
; allowed him his land; but as ho did not serve the
full time he did nutlet a pension. He is now a
hundred years old, and has been bed-ridden for
ten years.' I ask that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage. 1 copied it from the bill that was passed at
the last session, in an exactly similar case.
The SPEAKER. There is no bill before the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is a. bill
among the papers.
The SPEAKER. There has not been a bill
read from the Clerk's desk, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions; nor 1ms
any bill been originated by that committee in this
case. The Chair therefore says that there is no
bill legislatively or technically before the House
on winch to predicate any action.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask that the case
be referred back to the Committee ori Revolution-
ary Pensions, with instructions to report a bill.
Mr. POTTER, i would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia whether he did not, la>t
session, oppose that very bill to which he refeis?
Mr. S\1 ITH, of Virginia. Certainly, sir; and,
, being ovenuled, 1 followed the precedent. I will
state further, that it was only yesterday that
1 bounty land was allowed under a similar state of
facts, because Congress had formeily put a per-
son on the invalid pension roll, who had upt
served the term required by act of Congress.
I have followed the precedent of last session,
and 1 think Unit the gentleman from Wisconsin
in bound to go for this bill, as h« went for the on«
of last session.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia cannot be entertained, unl< ss
the gentleman from New York withdraw his mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. PARKER. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I submit my
■ ruQtion to recommit, with instructions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What sort of a
bill cue thfvbe instructed to report 5
i The SPE-i^LER. The Chair does not know.
1 Air. SMi TH, of Virginia. I wili state to the
House, and to the gentle man from Tennessee, that
the petitioner in tins ease only asked for the same
measure of justice that was awarded to the gen-
' tleman to whom 1 have referred, at the lust ses-
sion. lie only wants two dollars a month from
1831.
i Mr. POTTER. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia, that the cases are not simuai. In
the case^of last session, the evidence bcfoie the
committee was positive as to the service of the
1 claimant. In this*case, the evidence was not
deemed satisfactory by the committee. In that
, case, too, thenpplicaut was one hundred and three
years of aire, and was at the taking of Buigoyne,
In this case, the petitioner is only one hundred
years old, and was not. at the taking of Burgoyne.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, ofVirgmia. He was in seniee
four months during the Revolution. He is now
very old, and is suppoited by ins son. I thought
I would have had uo difficulty in following iu the
footsteps of my illustrious predecessor.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. I mq^e the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
■ what was the length of the man's service r
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, it is on proof that
; he served four months. Pie jias been an invalid
. since the Revolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered, being on lecommittmg
with instructions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cad for tin. yeas
and nays. This is a direct violation of the gen-
eral law.
The yeas nnd nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
' report on the table.
' Mr. MILES. Is this a change of existing laws
or not?
i Mr. JOjNES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; six
. months' service is required to entitle a man to a
pension.
j Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers.
| Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. BuFriNTON,
and Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
i The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 46, noes 64.
! No quotum voting.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I sug;;usc to
i the gentlem'an from Tennessee to withdraw hia
