844
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5r
ness upon the Speaker's table, with a view to take
up a few private bills there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
object ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. To dispose of
the private bills there.
Mr; FLORENCE. There are a great many
private bills in the Committee of the Whole
House, which ought to be disposed of to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are some
bills on the Speaker's table, which were reported
from the Committee of the Whole House a week
ago, and they ought to be taken up.
The SPEAKER. They are in a class behind
the Senate bills upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is it in order to
submit a motion that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit that
motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it in order to^ub-
riiit a motion that the. House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I submit that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon the motion of the gentleman from Indiana. '
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for tellers. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This is not ob- '
jection day, and if we go into Committee of the
Whole House wc shall make no progress on the
Private Calendar. I desire to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
take up the appropriation bills for considera-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have 110 objection to thqt,
if we can first get our desks cleared of private
bills.
Mr. ICELSEY. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri will be agreed to. We !
shall do nothing upon the Private Calendar to-
day. I hope that on Monday we shall adopt a
rule winch will enable us to do something next
week.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mc&ueen '
and De\n were appointed*.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 63. j
Mr. HICKMAN demanded the yeas and nays, j
The yeas and nays were ortleied.
The question way taken; hnd if was decided in
the allirmaUvc—yeas 94, nays 73; as follows:
VE \'i-~ "Ui'sms. Abbott, Bennett, IJinghfiin. Wis5*, Biay-
toiij Bulfmi'.n, I.uihng.une, Bums, Case, Ca^kie, (."bailee,
«(>2M.<TuIc,Cu5.vmii)j Cljrk it. < "oclnane, Cumins, Oovode,
Cox, Oi.i^in. Cii111^, D;u'd-on, D.wi-s of Indiana, l)avi>
ot Ah-I;avi  Ma-sachusetls, Davis ot Iowa,
Dawo1, Dunn, Jiimmick, L>odd, Duilee, rainsworth, Pea-
ion, Hoi e nee, I-\>s[c;, Guiding-, Gilinan. Gooeh. Goodwin,
Grander. Giow. Cnhert B Hall, H.ulan. Hani^. Il.thkin,
iiodqe?, flor;on, Hon aid, Hughes, Kcun. Kellogy. Kilgoie.
Knapp. Leach, Lutet, Lovejoy, McUU'Tii, oajnuel ti'.
M.usiaii, Mattcsou. .M,ivnai(J, Mmgan, Motnli. 1-aac N.
-Mouk-,, i"iei man U XibI lek, Ohn, Palmer, Paiker,
Petnt. I'ike, Poffr, Jhnvunce, Keilly, Stohbm*, Robert*,
Itovce, HiivU, rsuididgo. Jud&on \V. Sherman.
Robcit Sui'di, Spinner. Stanton, Stevens-on, Janice A
Su'umu, Wiiham Ste^ai t.Tappan,Gcotgs'Tayloi.T' uiyer,
Toujpi'rm--, Wnd". U'albudge, Walton, EHiIm B, Wash-
burn*. t .M' I WaMilm n, and VVi!-on—JJ4.
NAV.S—Mtv-is. Adiaui, Aid, Andcr.-on. Atkins, Bai Us-
ual*', Iji hup. Boiihauj, Bo\ee. bjaueh, BrCan, Ca\anaugl).
i ji ipnian, •)'Kin B. Ci.uk, Cobb, John' Cocluane, Coining,
<'jai;r, Buaon Gi.nae, Oawtoid, C'uny, Dew art,
Dowie!!, English. Foley, Ganiett, GarhelS, Giflts. Gilmer,
Gf/Ot.e, Giecmvood, Giegj. iluwkin*, Iliekman, Hopkins, .
nou--t'><'. Jackson, Jijwett, Geoigo \V. Jones', John O. Kmi-
I<ci, li.'Sirtr. L'-nl\. Lerchei, Ma^on* Miilei, IVhINon,
Montgomery. .Moore. Edwrud Joy Moms, Murray, Pendie-
lon, John S. i'iiclivs, Wiinam W. Phelps, Vhilhp-?, Reagan,
IluUm, riiungOj Scab s, fc'ewaal. II« mv M. Shaw, Samuel
A. cnnitii, \Viih:>m Smith, Stephen^, Talbot, Undeiwood,
Va]!,u;digha;n, Vanco, Waldron, White. Woodson, Woi-
u-ndjke, Augustus It. Wiignt, and John V. Wnyht—73.
So the motion was agreed to.
Thellouse accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Wash-
burn, ot Maine, in the chair,) and proceeded to
consider the Piivate Calendar.
HEA'UV LEEF AND JOHN Jl'KEE.
The first h;I! upon the Calendar was a bill-
(H. R. No. 2UG) to indemnify Henry Leef and
John Mciiec for illegal seizure of accrtaia bark,
I upon which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
; Hughes] was entitled to the floor.
S Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, in the absence
:! of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,]
| who reported this bill, I became, unexpectedly,
' engaged in its discussion when the bill was under
i consideration before. At that time I had only a
1 general knowledge of the case; but since then I
j have given it a further examination, and I find it
I to be a much stronger claim, in justice and equity,
| -than t then supposed it was. i had hoped, how-
ever, that when the matter again came up, the
gentleman from Louisiana would be in his seat,
so that I could turn over its advocacy into hands
so much more competent than mine. I see that
he is not now in his seat; but as I am somewhat
unwell, and indisposed unnecessarily to occupy
the attention of the committee, 1 will not consume*
any time unless there is an intention to oppose
the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there be
no objection, let the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the, House with a recommendation that H do
pass.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] indicates his dis-
position'to oppose the bill, and I will therefore
make a brief statement of the facts involved.
This case, sir, was presented to Congress in 1847
or 1848, some ten years ago. It has been favor-
ably reported on by three different Committees on
Commerce, and it never yet has been acted on by
the House The main facta are simply these: the
claimant (Leef) bought a French vessel which had
been partially wrecked, and being desirous to fit
it out for a foreign voyage, he applied to the au-
thorities at Washington to know whether the
registry laws of the United States had application
to a vessel of that description. He was informed
that they had not. He then fitted out his vessel,
and freighted herforafoieign port. All the papers
showing ownership and nationality which could
be had, were procured m due form. The vessel
regularly cleared at an American port with an
American consul on board. She reached the port
of Pernambuco, there sold a part of her cargo,
cleared regularly, conforming to the laws in force
at that port and the laws of the United States,
and then entered the port of Bahia Honda.
The American consul at that port confiscated
the vessel because she had not a register, such as
is allowed by the. laws of the United States ^o
vessels of American build; and, sir, this act of
confiscation was followed up by a series of op-
pressive acts, with the recital of which I will not
detain the committee; acts, the parallel of which
I have not been able to find in any commercial
transaction. This consul seized the vessel and
sent her back to the United States as a confiscated
vessel. The Government of the United States,
however, disavowed his act, and released the ves-
sel from seizure, and the courts of the United
States decided th^it the seizure was illegal. But,
sir, the owner lost las cargo; and the difference
between the value op the vessel when it went into
the hands of the c'onsal, and its value when it was
sold in this country in a damaged condition, was
several thousand dollars. He instantly applied
for redress to the Government. He was guilty
of no delay. He presented his petition to Con-
gress asking compensation for what he had lost,
pay for the voyage he had lost, for the diminution
m the value of his vessel, and for other matters
which were fully pioved before the committee.
And , this bill only authuriz.es the Secretary of
tlie Treasury to pay the actual loss which may be
shown to have been su.staiued by this party. The
claim in this case is supported by fhe petitions of
the most influential and distinguished merchants
of Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and Bos-
ton. The case, as I have said before, has been
before Congioss for nearly ten years. It has re-
ceived the sanction of three several Committees
"!! Commerce winch have examined fnto it, and
it comes now to be acted on for the first time by
the House m the Committee of the Whole House.
Mt\ Chan-man,thisisa brief outline of the/acts
in the case. It seems to me that it is very clear
that tluso parties are entitled to the relief which
they ask; and that the Commitlee on Commerce
is ngiu m lxcom.m nclmg that it should begranted.
Objections, however, are made,-which I will at-
tempt to answer. I feel sure if that my friend from
Virginia^ who made these objections, had exam-
ined the facts in the case, he would have found all
of his difficulties removed by the proofs filed with
the papers m the case. It is objected that a great
principle is involved; and that the passage of this
bill will recognize the principle that the Govern-
ments liable for the wrongful acts of it agents. I
contend that, in a case like this, thfc Government'
is responsible for the wrongful acts of its agents.
There may be, and undoubtedly are, cases where
the Government is not liable.
But there are cases, and this is one of them,
where it is impossible to discriminate between the
wrongful act of an agent as an individual, and the
act of the Government itself. This man was the
consul of the United States. His power was ab-
solute. From his decision there was no appeal.
He took fhis vessel ill a foreign port, in the name
of the United States, manned it with sailors, and
sent it to this country. If ho had not been clothed
with the power of the Government he could not
have moved one step to do these wrongful acts.
I think it would puzzle the ingenuity of any gen-
tleman on this floor who may be disposed to op-
pose this claim, to show wherein the di^inction
is/ to be drawn between the acts of the Govern-
ment in this case, and the acts of its accredited
agent. The wrong could not have been done but
by the authority of the United States.
But it is-objected that these parties ought to
have sued this consul in the courts of the country;
that they ought to have had the decision of a court
of law on this question; and that then the Gov-
ernment would interpose. Now, in answer to
that objection, I say that the illegality of this
seizure has been determined upon by the execu-
tive branch of the Government. It has been sol-
emnly adjudicated by the court of law which re-
leased the vessel. Besides, it is a matter which
the Committee on Commerce and the House can
determine for themselves. The equity of this case
should be considered; not-the mode by which the
claimants seek for redress. #
When this matter was up before, the gentleman
fromA^rginia [Mr. Smith] urged that all the pre-
cedents cited in the report were cases where the
injured party had first sued for redress against
the public officer, and where redress having been
obtained, the public officer came here asking for
relief and received it. But this is not the case of
an officer. I hold, and so the precedents are, that
a private citizen has his election either to proceed
against the individual officer, or against the Gov-
ernment. Here is the case of 0'Sullivan, cited
by the committee in their report. I read from the
report:
" The only other ease necessary to refer to, i«s that of Jolm
O'Sullivan, wlio>e vessel was seized by John M. Foibes,
the commercial and political agent of the Government of
the United Slates, at Buenos Ayres. The case was referred
to the Secmary of the Treasury, Mr, Woodbury, by the
Senate, and, after hi-* report thereon, an act was passed
providing Jor compensation July 2, 18b6. Mr. Woodbury's
report will be found in Document No. 5, Twenty-Third
Congress, second session, and is dated Decemhei 8, 1834.
The liabilities of the Government, for the acts? of its agents,
j as therein maintained,' extend only to such nets as arise
, fiom gross m:<rli ence in discharge of official duties, or from
: omission to perform them ; and even in thete cases, the per-
I sons suffering should either icsort to the agent eaily, and m
i a suit, with linn establish In* liability, and the amount of
1 damage, or re-oft only to the Government, and make out a
1 very clear case, so that reditu might be had by the Gov-
I eminent on hi-- pei>onal leipon^ibdity on his official bonds
| and sinrties if :iuv <>xi<rand the report concludes,'in
! many cas-e^ the Government has refused to indemnify the
| claimants themselves, the ongmai sufferer*, unless first
, showing, with elearness, gro-=; neglect or wrong by the of-
i fieers in discharge of their official obligations.">J
! In that case, the Secretary decided that O'SuI-
: livan did not apply early enough for redress. Con-
egress, however, relieved him. But in this case
: there was no delay. These claimants did resort
I early to the Government, and they resorted to the
Government alone. I say, further, they could not
j have resorted elsewhere, because this consul was
* a resident of a foreign country. 1 put the ques-
i tion to gentlemen who urge the objection, that
| the consul should be first sued—in what court
j would thatsuit have been btought? Where would
i be the proper forum ? What court had jurisdic-
; tion of the case ? Furthermore, if this agent com-
| mitted an error, it was an error of judgment, an
| error of law. It was a judicial act by which this
i wrong was done. It was not altogether a min-
isterial act. Therefore, in the abscuce of cor-
; ruption, no court could decree a remedy against
! ium in his individual capacity.
I The proposition that a party who has been in-
