224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong...,2b Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Howard.
Ho. of Reps.
In 1859, excluding now ships, the proposed ex- j
penditun--is $11,600,000—about ^200,000 less than
the average expenditure of the last five years.
And, including the expenditures for new ships,
the appropriations in the bill before the commit-
tee are about a million less than the average ex-
penditures of the last five years. Is not that an
important step taken towards a reduction of ex-
penses? And yet, gentlemen talk of the rapid
increase of expenditures. In 1855, we appropri-
ated $3*000,000 for the building of ships; m 1857,
$1,000,000; in 1858, $2,550,000; and this year it
is proposed to appropriate to that object only
^674,000.
These appropriations, sir, have been made out
of the large surplus in the Treasury. What more
judicious use could be made of that surplus than
m the building of national ships, and in the con-
struction of such public buildings as were neces-
sary ?
We know very well that, some year or two ago,
the surplus in the Treasury was so large as to at-
tract corrupt demands from all parts of the coun-
try. We hardly knew how to dispose of it. We j
were almost on the pointof depositing it with the
States. It was m this condition of things that
many appropriations were made, which have
since given occasion to so much unjust com-
plaint.
REVENUE AND EXPENDITURES.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. HOWARD,
OF MICHIGAN,
In tiie House of Representatives,
February 24,1859.
The House bomg in the Committee of the Whole on the
state <>t tlx: Union—
Mr. HOWARD said:
Mr. Chairman: Perhaps there has been no
tinif, duung the last thirty years,more favorable
for the consideration of the question of the rev-
enues and expenditures than the present. These
questions necessarily mix themselves up more or
less with the different political parties; and when
an error is once adopted by a party, it will run on
just in connection with the successes of the party.
Whether it will be fortunate or otherwise, these
party shnckles seem to hang more loosely about
men's necks than is usual. It is possible, if these
chains shall be broken, that some errors and false
theoiieh may be given tip on one side as well as
on the other. The most difficult thing about it
all, is for men to agree about names. While I
deem it a fortunate time to discuss this question,
I confess that L approach it with great diffidence.
It is a subject vast in its extent, and of great im-
portance to the country; perhaps the most im-
portant subject that could be brought forward;
and I would wish to see so gieat a question dis-
cussed by men of more ability, of more inform-
ation, of mure experience, than I have, and with
maturer preparation.
Such has been the nature of mv duties, that I have
made no preparation for this effort. I have notour'
fart before me,exceptin my memory. I haveother
difficulties, too,growingoutof the organization of
the party with which I have the honor to act. That
party has never yet been called upon to take any
position whatsoever, on the subject of the tariff,
either for revenue or protection. No convention
of the party, either national or local, has ever
acted upon the subject. The party, as such,
stands uncommitted to any policy. As an hum-
ble member of that party, this question has been
forced upon me in one of the committees of this
House, of which I am a member. I am to speak
here, in a certain sense, in behalf of the party,
arid yet, I have no party on this question. I said,
sir, that the difficulties surrounding this question
consisted, in part, at least, in names, or rather in
the meaning that is to be given to certain words.
Some of us proclaim ourselves protectionists.
Othezs hear even the name of protection with
horror. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phillips,] a member of the Committee of Wnys
and AlfMP.s. announced in his speech the other
day, that lie was hostile to protection, and almost
immediately afterwards defined protection to be
prohibition. Well, sir; ail I have to say about
it is, that if that be protection, I never in all my
life heard it called hy that name before. and I do not
believe I ever shall again. I think one such defi-
nition ought to last for a generation. Prohibition
protection ! Not at all.
I wish to say, in advance, that I am in favor
of no such protection as that. I am in favor of
no protection that would amount to prohibition.
I am in favor of no protection for any class—be
they blacks or whites. I hold, sir, that it is a
great principle, that should govern us on all occa-
sions, and run through all our legislation, thatwe
are to legislate for the nation—for the many, and
not for the few. We are not to legislate for the
few at the expense of the many; and any protec-
tion that will not work for the benefit of the great
majority of the community, I am opposed to here
and elsewhere. Some men talk about protection,
as though the object was to make some particular
man, who lias a thousand dollars invested in some
little manufacturing establishment, rich or poor.
Why, sir, what have we to do with the man or
his thousand dollars ? Nothing; nothing. But,
sir, we have something to do with the great in-
dustrial interests of the country, as a whole. We
have something to do, perhaps, with manufac-
tures; but not with the manufacturers. I go
further: I do not see upon what ground any pro-
tection can be justified or defended, that shall not
work advantageously to the development of our
gieat natuial resources; and work them out, in
the long run, to the advantage of the community.
If I were to protect any class, (and m that sense
I am for protection,) it is the consumers, and not
the producers. The consumers are the many, in
reference to most articles, and the producers are
the few. That man is not much of a hatter, who
cannot supply a hundred men with hats. That
man is not much of a shoemaker, who cannot
supply a hundred men with shoes. And if we
are to legislate for one or the other of these two
classes, X submit that it should be for the consum-
ers, and not for the producers.
But those interests are not necessarily hostile
the one to the ©ther; by no means. But, sir, per-
haps I am premature in submitting these obser-
vations upon the question of protection, and defin-
ing what I mean by protection. Perhaps the first
inquiry is this: do we want more revenue, or in
what way shall we bring the expenditures and
the receipts together, not for this particular month
or year, being an extraordinary one, but as a sys-
tem ?
In what way shall we produce an equilibrium
between the revenues of the Government and the
expenditures—1 mean the average current reve-
nues of the Government, and the average current
expendituies of the Government? If we can do
that with the present tariff, then to my mind there
is no good reason for a change of that tarilf, unless
it shall be found to work oppressively in its de-
tails, or unless we find it necessary in us prospect-
ive operation to increase the amount of revenue
in oider to meet the increased prospective amount
of expenditure. But if we should find that we
cannot make these two things meet; if we should
find that wo cannot, under the present tariff, col-
lect revenue enough to meet these expenditures,
then we must find some way in which to meet
the current expenses of the Government.
The question then arises: by what means shall
we increase the revenues of the country? If by
a tariff, what sort of a tariff shall it be > Shall it
be a hoiizoutal taufF, leveling every article of im-
portation down to the same grade, the same rate
of percentage? If not, shall we discriminate for
revenue exclusively? Sir, every gentleman who
knows any thing about this matter knows that the
highest revenue standard m not the same stand-
ard rate of duties on every article, by any means.
There are some articles that just as you increase
the rate of duties, you diminish the amount of
revenues collected therefrom, while there are
other articles on which you increase the revenues
to be derived therefrom m the proportion that you
increase the rate of duties, if, therefore, you
would adjust your tariff to a strictly revenue
standard, you must fix the duties upon each spe-
cific article of merchandise, taking into consider-
tion the facility of importation and the facility of
production m our own country. Take, for in-
stance, the article of iron. The consumption of
it in the country is going on and is destined to
increase. For example: suppose you take off all
duty from that article, and the whole revenue from
it ceases. But with the present rate of duty, per-
haps one half the supply is from imports and the
other from home production. An increase of the
rate of duty would diminish, and, if excessive,
prohibit the importation, and in that case the
whole supply would be from home manufacture,
and we should get no revenue from it. But a re-
duction of the rates of duty would stimulate the
importation and diminish the home production,
and, if excessive, the fires of our furnaces might
be put out, and the whole supply coming from
abroad would produce a large revenue in conse-
quence of the low rate.
Now, sir, if you increase the duty on iron, you
necessarily inciease the amount manufactuied in
the country; while on the other hand, reduce the
duty, and the fires in your furnaces will go out,
and all the iron going into the consumption of
the country must be imported, for the very good
reason that for the time being it will be cheaper
to procure it abroad.
If, then, you would discriminate for revenue
alone, you must fix the amount of duty to be
levied upon each article by itself. If you would
act wisely in making up these large schedules of
duties, you cannot make them up some Sunday;
you cannot make them up m the middle of the
night m some committee of conference. To do
that is a very " slip-shod " sort of business. No,
sir; it must be the work of days and weeks and
months. If it is to be done wisely, it must be
done, above all things, independent of all consid-
erations of party politics. How do you now find
the subject considered? One man gets up and
tells you what he wants in his section; another
gentleman tells you what another section wants;
one says he is for a tariff; another says he is op-
posed to a tariff, but he is for reducing the ex-
penditures of the Government; and we have had
some magnificent specimens of reduction here.
Why, sir, some man will get up here, and move
to strike out of an appropriation bill an appropri-
ation of a few dollars to buy boxes for members
to pack their books in, which they are to send
home by express at their own expense, instead
of loading down the mails with them; while the
very next thing you hear of the samegentleman,
he is warm in pursuit of some custom-house at
some point where all the revenue collected would
not pay one per cent, upon the cost of the build-
mg.
Mr. Chairman, when I was a boy and went
to school, 1 had some instruction in arithmetic
worked into my head; and, among other things,
I remember the rule of reduction was the first
which was impressed upon my mind. I remem-
ber that reduction was of two kinds—reduction
ascending and reduction descending. Well, sir,
I find that although this matter of controlling the
expenditure of the Government is reduction de-
scending in theory, it is reduction ascending in
practice. [Laughter.] Sir, how long will it take
us to reduce the expenditures of the Government
down to the present standard of revenue ?
But, sir, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] to whose remarks to-day 1 listened
with great interest, as I always do to his remarks,
tolls us that the present tariff is going to produce
revenue enough. The gentleman admits that the
revenues are in a veiy collapsed state at present;
but as soon as the importations shall have risen
again to the point which we may reasonably ex-
pect, there will be revenue enough. Sir, before
you are able to collect#56,000,000, the amountof
revenue estimated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for the year ending June 30, I860, from duties
levied on goods imported under the present tariff,
you will have to import goods amounting to
^409,594,172. That is what it takes to produce
that amount of revenue under the present tariff,
if the average is the same as last year; it being
a percentage of 13.673. Why, sir, the Secre-
tary might as well undertake to carry himself
| through Pennsylvania avenue in a basket, as to
I raise "that amount of revenue under the present
i tariff. But the gentleman points to the fact that
the imports have been increasing steadily from
year to year; and that our exports have also in-
creased from year to year. That is all true; yet,
