1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'•847
;tinn presented to the committee at this time is one
of the greatest importance. He has made an ar-
gument for the purpose of showing that, on prin-
ciple, a nation is not responsible for the acts of us
agents; and that, in consequence, there is no
propriety in granting the redress applied for by
the claimants m the case befofe us, and recom-
mended by the Committee on Commerce. 1 differ
from that gentleman altogether in regard to the
question presented by the facts as stated in the
report; and I shall, therefore, beg the indulgence
of the committee while I proceed for a short time
to express my dissent from the conclusions which
he arrived at, and to give to the House my views
m icgard to the true principles on which ques-
tions of this sort must be determined.
it is true that the general pimcple is thata na-
tion is not responsible for the illegal acts of its
agent. .But, sir, that general rule, like all oth< r
geneidl rule*, admits of exceptions. It will be at
once apparent to the committee that it must neces-
sarily bo tine that there should be exceptions in
all those instance which arc not within the rea-
son upon which the rule was founded. When a
government is organized for the administration
of the public concerns of a people, it is provided
■with all the various machinery for the protection
not only of the public interests, but for the pro-
tection of the rights of individuals. It is organ-
ize d with officers to preserve the peace and good
order of society, and with Judicial officers to de-
cide upon contests with respect to individual
rights. Whoie. within the territorial limits of a
country, the ng«mt of a Government in the ordi-
nary discharge of the functions intrusted to him
does an illegal act which inflicts a wiong upon
one of his fellows, the peison aggrieved may ap-
peal to the law, may have the act investigated,
and may restrain oi arrest him m his misconduct,
or obtain i-'die^s against the aggressor by the
decision of the competent tribunal. If under such
circui!istdii-"(\s the mjuicrl peison fails to invoke
the aid of th«x law. tin- injury may be regarded as
the consequence of his own neglect to employ the
rmans within reach to protect himself from injury
or to obtain reparation for it when done, and for
that reason the public is not bound. But there
are cases out of the oidmary march of human
action, which depend upon different principles,
winch are not within the general rule. As, for
'instance, when m the prospers of a war our own
forces in any portion of the country wrest from
the hands of a citizen his pi onei ty by overpower-
ing force, it is always held, if the <ui cumstanccs
connected with the deprivation of his property be
of sueb a character that the aggrieved party cannot
obtain redn .-s, because amid rise clang of ai ms the
jaws are silent, that the Government is bound to
make him compensation for his loss. It is the
same with icsj ect to a variety of cases which
occur within the limits even of countries where
there is an oignnizcd Government, m a time of
peace.
It is familiar to all that municipal govn r.ments
are established for our cities, that those municipal
governt^nts'are charged with the performam\->
of certain duties; that when the agents of those
municipal governments fail to perform e< i tain
duties which are imposed upon them for the good
of the whole—as, for instance, when they knl to
pieserve the highways in a state of lepair, to ker p
the streets in such a condition as fits theft for the
use of those who have occasion to pass over them,
and accidents befall those passing along them, in
the darkness of the night or at any other time,
which weie unavoidable, the government of that
community is responsible for the injuries «ufloied.
The judicial reports of the couits of the United
States contain numbers of such crises. Instances
have occurred m different cities where the value
of propei ty destroyed by mobs has been recov-
ered from the municipal governments, upon the
principle that it was the duty of the municipal gov-
ernment to have preserved order, and prevented
the mischief done; and that itwos irspom-ible,
no matter whether the loss was inclined either
through the want of a sufficient foi.ee, or from Uk
negligence or lucffulemv of its police officers.
Such cases have occurred within a few years pa^t,
and are probably fresh m the roco!l"ction of manv.
Within a short time past t^riv have been cas< s
decided, growing out of aecd^nts occasioned by
passengers along the public streets falling through
openings into vaults or pits, improperly left in
the side-walks in cities. In these cases the gov-
ernment1;, when such unavoidable accidents oc-
curred, have been condemned to make reparation
for those injuries, upon the principle that the
community was responsible for the failure of its
agents to perform their duty.
Now, sir, does not the same principle apply
with respect to the government of a State or na-
tion? Undoubtedly the principle applies, but it
cannot be enforced for one single reason: a State
or nation, clothed with sovereignty, cannot be
sued: a rid as there are no courts authorized to enter-
tain their complaints, the sufferers have no means
of calling it to theiraid in an authoritative manner.
But the principle is the same in all such cases, no
matter whether they relate to a national govern-
j; ment, or Co the government of a city. 1 n the one
! instance, the municipal government, not being
soveici^n, is liable to suit; and. therefoie, courts
of justice have full power to apply the ordinary
principles of law to them. But there is no such
power vested in th-ma with respect to a sovereign
State. In cases of injury to individuals, from the
malfeasance or misfeasance of the agents of mu-
nicipal governments, of such a nature that it is
not practicable for the person aggrieved to obtain
redress from any particular person, there it has
always been held by courts of justice that the
community were responsible.
JMow, apply that principle in another instance,
and the very instance now presented. The Gov-
ernment of the United States is charged with reg-
ulating the intercourse between the United States
and foreign nations. In pursuance of that au-
thority it has employed consular agents. Those
agents are vested with certain powers, to be ex-
ercised for the good of the nation as well as for
the advantage of the private individuals; but be-
fore a consul can enter upon the perioimance of
his duties, the Government, under the law as it
now exists, exact* a bond fiom every consul.
For what purpose? When a vessel belonging to
an American ciiizen is in a foreign port, it is, un-
der our laws, subject, in a certain degi^e, to the
jurisdiction of the American consul. It cannot
move, it cannot carry on any enterprise, it can-
not make its voyages, without the action of those
functionaries, if, under particular circumstances,
these functionaries interfere in such a manner as
to break up the voyage; if they entail io^s upon
our citizens by the exercise of their official au-
thonty, accoidmg to my view the oidmary prin-
ciples of lawrequue that the person aggrieved
should receive satisfaction at the hands of the
nation. "When a vessel makes a foreign voyage
it is generally in charge of an« gent, tiie ownms
remaining at home in the United States, if the
consul interferes improperly, and bleaks up the
voyage and entails loss upon the individual own-
eis, what will be the result of the principle con-
tended for by my friend fiom Virginia? Would
it be necessary, if that ltqm y were done in China,
t'tia t a < iti/en h ving upon our sea-board should go
to China to obtain rediess? In China he would
find no jurisdiction which could attach to Amer-
ican citizens except the consular couit, presided
over by that vety functionary. If the wrong oc-
curred in Europe, ho would find that there would
be a difficulty, peihaps an impossibility, in the
way of his obtaining tirher piotaction against
such acts, or rediess for t.h'-m when done, by an
action at law m a foreign court. They nenber
have, noi can ha ve, or ex<'icise,any authority over
our consuls abtoad, as to the manner of their pcr-
foimanee of the consular functions.
Dutjueticc, poluy, and common srm?o, are all
opposed t.  th, application of any such rule as
would pro.v r'y i.bia'u with rw'-rence to acts
done at home and withm the jurisdiction of our
courts,to case-; wh.rh g;ow upai<road and which
relate to the ilhgai acts of our own officers under
color of th-ur oliiees, beyond oui national limits,
and which aie committed under sueh circum-
stances that ihe p- i>,on aggrieved cannot have re-
coi'i'M' to any tubniud competent toalToid him
redress. In respect to acts committed in our own
count,! y, t heie. cei <amly, our citizens won hi have
no claim upon the Government; because thee
t hi v have the power to pi otect themseiv< s through
the oidmary tribuu.ds of the country. Thai is
crtaieiy tiue, unl-'ss when the mjuiy icL-ubs
from Urn emplovmmit of o\e,-powering fo^e ex-
creted by a puoiic officer under color of his office,
and wiuie there was no possibility ef puisuing
petrating the wrong, or of obtaining redress for
it. In such cases there can be no judicial suit
against individuals; and upon my principle, it is
the duty of the Government to redress the wrong
suffered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
supposes the case of an army sent out by the
Government into the country to repel invasion,
or tor other purposes, and by the necessities of
war, it appropriates property to its use, for its
support, under the command of its officer; and he
holds that the Government should be responsible.
I desire to know if that does not proceed upon
the ground that the property taken has been used
by the army, and was necessary for the support
of that army ? I desire to know of the gentle-
man if. an officer takes property wrongfully, and
appropriates it to his own private use, whether
he holds that the Government would be respons-
ible for that unlawful act of the officer? I think
he would hardly venture to assert that. If, how-
ever, the property which had gone into the* hands
of an officer was used for the purposes of the
Government by the army, the Government might
be held responsible.
Again: the gentleman supposes the case of a
corporation, and says that instances are constantly
occurring where a corporation is held responsi-
ble because of injuries sustained on account of
streets not being m a proper state of repair. That
proceeds upon the idea that it is a private corpo-
ration and not a sovereign. Does it not proceed
upon the idea that the corporation enters into a
contract with the public, by virtue of which it
agrees to piotect the individuals, and is it not be-
cause of a violation of that contract that it is held
responsible.^' Is not a sovcieignty a very differ-
ent thing: from a private corporation of this sort?
Do not parties aggrieved proceed against corpo-
rations as private individuals ? *
The gentleman says it is customary for the
Government to take bonds from consuls. For
what purpose are they taken? Are they not taken
to protect persons who may be injured by the acts
of consuls, in the same way that bonds are taken
fiom a sheriff' to protect individuals fiom his
wrongful acts, although the bond is taken lh. the
name ot the people ?
The gentleman says a consul is the kgent of
the Government. 1 hold he is nofan agent of the
Government. Me is the agent of those who arc
to be benefited by the appointment of the consul;
and if the Government has appointed a consul in
good faith, whether lie be competent to perform
the duties or not, if injury icsulis to any one in
the poiformance of those dunes, the loss must
fall upon the persons engaged in the particular
pursuit, and not upon the Government. There-
tore, I say that the bond that is taken is not
taken for the benefit or prote< tion of the Govern-
ment* but for the protection of persons who are
engr^ed in the pursuits of commerce. For in-
stance: if a consul collects $10,000, and does not
pay it over, the bond may be put in suit, not foi
the benefit of the Government, but for the bene-
fit of the individual for whom the $10,000 was
collected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I will answer
the questions of the gentleman, as far as I remcm -
ber them, if i do not his arguments. My friend
fiom Mississippi asks me if ied *cv is not granted
for lifjui ies resulting from the neglect or miscon-
duct of a municipal coi po ration—is not gran led <m
the principle that there is a contract between the
corporation and the people, which is violated5
Now, sir, that is true. When the sovereign pcfwtr
consents that a municipal government shall exist,
such municipal government takes upon itself cer-
tain obligations with respect to the people em-
braced within the municipal limits. For the failure
to perform the obligations which they took vol-
untarily upon themselves, the government is held
responsible to the citizens. The government of
a nation is a government based upon the same
principle. The Government of the United States
is one constituted by the people for the common
advantage of all; and the obligation -is imposed
upon that Government, by the mere fact of its
existence, to extend protection to its citizens. It
i • the duty of the Govt rnment to carry out ijhis
obhgu tion to protect its citizen from injuries, and
to procure or give him K-dress forinjunes suffered
by him in consequence ot a failure on the part of
the Government to cxercise properly the powers
