226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Nichols.
Ho. of Reps.
Buchanan proclaimed himself as being determined
to throttle that bantling, squatter sovereignty. I
say the people of that State have been rather un-
fortunate in some respects. I have nothing to say
against Pennsylvania. 1 utterly repudiate any
kind of protection that cannot and will not in the
end, work out for the benefit of the masses of the
consumers a cheaper supply; any protection that
will come short of that effect, when the farmer
casts his seed broadcast upon the field, not to rot
but to spring up and to yield its hundred-fold, any
protection that will not produce that result is ut-
terly unworthy of consideration here. What
does history prove ? I again say, and 1 have not
time to go into it, in every instance where it has
been properly applied, by inviting capital, inviting
skill and industry to a particular Branch in its
infancy, it has soon created a home competition
•which worked out far greater and better results
for the consumer than any other. I have seen
brown cotton sold in all of the eastern States at
six cents a yard, when the specific duty on that
cloth was ten cents a yard. The duty had long
before become a mere nominal thing, producing
not one cent of revenue. It did no good, and it
did no hurt, except in some year when there was
a panic, and our factories were breaking up, to
prevent the foreign manufacturer from throwing
a surplus into our market to be sold at a sacrifice,
and to the destruction of our own manufacturer.
In that respect it worked advantageously. It pro-
duced no effect, one way or the other, on price.
Yet, sir, gentlemen talk eloquently about taxes—
that they are not for increasing taxes, and they
are for diminishing the expenses of the Govern-
ment. It is a most laudable thing. The reduc-
tion of the expenses is like the fellow's meta-
physics. When asked what was the ditference
between theory and practice, he said that there
was no difference, except that there was a little
more friction in practice. [Laughter.]
Where' does this cry come from ? Perhaps
more from the southern States. I am not here to
advocate any sectional views, or to speak disre-
spectfully of any section of the Union; but I may
be permitted to say this: that as a general thing,
we of the free States pay five times as much taxes
as the southern States, under any tariff. We pay
three times as much as you do per head. You
have the institution of slavery amongst you. You
have four'millions, in round numbers, of slaves.
You treat them very kindly, I presume, and do
the best that can be done for them. But, for all
the clothes they wear, and all the food they eat,
not one dollar in five hundred comes from abroad.
A tariff makes no sort of difference with refer-
ence to the great bulk of these coarse articles.
Coarse cottons are cheaper in this country than
in any other. We arc constantly exporting them.
Your first families consume as much as, and more
than our first families; but the great body of our
laborers are white and free men, and even though
they live and dm poor, yet there is a time, when
their sons and daughters are growing up, they,
by some means, contrive to have their new dresses
and to consume a great many goods which are
imported into the country and pay duty. If we
could get at the truth of the matter, the tax upon
ijnported goods is not one fifth upon the South
what it is upon the free States. Yet southern
gentlemen are wonderfully excited. I expect that
their elections are coming off. There have been
some theories preached down there ever sinde
Mr. Calhoun's time, and perhaps before then. I
suspect that men are committed to theories. They
have blindly rushed into the notion, that what-
ever duties you impose necessarily increase the
price just that much. I think it does in the first
instance, yet it creates a competition that will
ultimately result in a great reduction of price.
Now, what shall we do ? I should like to have
presented to the committee some of the features
of a bill to which I give my assent. My time is
already far spent. Perhaps at some other time,
in a five or ten minutes' speech I can explain some
of the misapprehensions which exist about it.
There are not more than four or five items in
the bill that I do not cordially approve of. There
are not over half a dozen of them that I could not
defend en the principle that I have here laid
down. There may be errors in the details of the
bill that have not come within my knowledge.
In two or three cases I yielded my judgment to
that of other men.
And now let me allude to one or two other
things which I deem proper to call up here. I
took up a Philadelphia paperafew days ago, that
contained a letter written from this city. The
writer discussed, among other things, this tariff
question, and expressed the liveliest regret that
I and my associates on the Committee of Ways
and Means had not abandoned, and the hope that
we would ultimately abandon, our lofty notions
of protection; come down from our high and ex-
treme protective position to the middle ground
occupied by my friend from Pennsylvania; the
ground intermediate between that taken by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that taken by the minority, with which I
have the honor to act. Let me say, sir, that with
respect to this bill, it is far less objectionable on
the score of protection, in the sense in which that
word is understood, than the tariff of 1846. It is
intermediate between the tariff of 1857 and that of
184G. It varies from both of them in this: that
about one third is made specific,and the other two
thirds ad valorem. For myself, 1 care nothing
about ad valorems or specifics. I have no prefer-
ence for the one or the other. I have not a con-
stituent in all my district who has opened his
mouth to me on this subject, or sought to influ-
ence me one hair's breadth. There is not an in-
terest in all Michigan that is demanding any pro-
tection here or elsewhere. I am committed to
neither specifics nor advalorems.
In myjudgment,itis demonstrable that in some
cases the one principle should be applied, and in
the other case the other should be applied. Those
who advocate the one or the other exclusively,
are alike in error. I hold that every article of fixed
value, that does not fluctuate, and that has a fixed
quality and value contained in its description,
should be on the list of specifics; and that articles
that vary in value, cloth, for instance, where the
value may be a shilling a yard, or a dollar a yard,
or ten dollars a yard, should be on the list of ad
valorems. I do not suppose that there is any man
on this floor who wants to encourage fraud, by
means of false invoices; or wants to support an
army of partisan idlers, to be fed from the public
Treasury, for the sake of doing the work of po-
litical parties, unless such man is committed to
party. An honest man, who had no personal
or party interest to bind him, would prefer an
honest course to a dishonest course. If so, why
raise a howl about specifics, if properly applied ?
Some men seem to associate the very idea of spe-
cifics with some monstrous idea of high protec-
tion that would build up a few nabobs, and keep
all the rest of the community toiling in poverty.
But it is no such thing. Specific duties may be as
low as ad valorem. The only question is, whether
the description'of an article can reach the precise
thing, so that the rate of duty may be known. I
go for specific duties, when I think that they are
for the benefit of Government, and a means of
protection. By protection, I mean that process
of development which produces that competition
which multiplies the supply,and therefore cheap-
ens the price. Take the case of a yard of broad-
cloth. It may represent one dollar or ten dollars.
If it represents ten dollars, the specific duty should
certainly be more than if it represents but one
dollar. The only way to reach the case is by ad
valorem duties, and by preventing, as well as "you
can, the commission of fraud by false i/ivoices.
I was going on to say that we were invoked
most pathetically to come down from our lofty
position'to that middle ground. I do not know
whether that correspondent knew anything abeut
it, but I suspect he had a flea in his ear; and if
he had, I should like to know whose flea it was.
But the proposition stated is true, that we occupy
a medium ground upon the bill offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,]
but prepared by the gentleman from Vermont,
with the assistance of my friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] and myself. The tariff of 1857
yields about nineteen per cent, on the dutiable
goods. It is believed this bill would yield about
twenty-two per cent, on the average; whilst the
tariff of 1846 produced twenty-five and one fourth
per cent. But as from one quarter to one third
of the duties in this bill are specific, the importa-
tions will appear larger by the disappearance of
fraudulent invoices; and the revenue from cus-
toms would, it is believed, reach $60,000,000 per
annum. If we add $6,000,000 from lands and
miscellaneous sources, it will make a total of rev-
enue of |66,000,000. By reducing the current
expenses of the Government to $50,000,000, we
should then have $16,000,000 per annum to pay
interest on our debt, and gradually absorb the
principal. Every branch of domestic industry
would revive and flourish. Our foreign commerce
would become healthful and steady; our shipping
regularly and profitably employed. Agriculture
would prosper; and wo should learn by our gen-
eral and uninterrupted prosperity that practical
common sense applied to legislation is far better
than the vague theories so much extolled and in-
sisted upon by gentlemen on this floor.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. NICHOLS/
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The Ilou^e heing in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. NICHOLS said:
Mr. Chairman: The naval bill being the sub-
ject of consideration, I avail myself of the op-
portunity presented, to speak of questions relat-
ing not to that bill, but. to the state of the Union
generally. As to the tariff, that question which
has been the special subject of discussion to-day,
my position in regard to it, can be stated in a few
words.
In the inauguration of a new policy, my incli-
nations would lead me to adopt the only safe prin-
ciple in a free government: that of free trade and
direct taxation. Whenever it be determined to
remodel our entire financial policy, to reconstruct
the principles upon which this Government bases
its action, if I can obtain a bill (being placed in
a position to further it) embodying these princi-
ples, it shall receive my unqualified support. I
say this, sir, unhesitatingly. I prefer actual cap-
ital to ideal capital, the substance to the shadow.
Whenever, sir, these questions are presented to
me in a manner that my vote can be made to re-
flect my sentiments, I shall, without a moment's
hesitation, give to them an affirmative voters I
say, sir, in addition, that, as an inevitable result
of the premises laid down, I would base ouv busi-
ness interests upon, and superadd to this plat-
form, the doctrine of cash payments, or hard
money, in business transactions, whether on the
part of the Government, national or State, or in
the transactions of private individuals.
But I know, sir, as well as you do, that but
few individuals here look to any such results
from our action. How many of those who pio-
fess radical sentiments, and a desire for true econ-
omy here, are willing to adopt the only means
left to us for the repression of our public expend-
itures, and for the reconstruction of our financial
policy? I confess, sir,that I do not know. Do
you, sir? The votes of this House, and of the
Senate, afford 110 true answer to the inquiry.
In my judgment, sir, the people of this Gov-
ernment ought to repudiate indirect taxes. When
they do, sir, and come to that point; when they
feel directly what their Government costs them,
we shall have responsibility in all departments of
the Government. We are now on the eve of ad-
journment. There is no party here for these
ideas. The reverse of this policy is in the ascend-
ant. Tariffs, whether for protection or revenue
have been, as it is proposed to make them now,
the established means for the support of the Gov-
ernment; and I propose now simply to directmy
attention to comparative tariffs, and an investiga-
tion briefly into the causes of the present com-
mercial prostration of the country.
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen are talking here,
learnedly and wisely, about the present condition
of the country and us past condition, and are en-
deavoring toaccountfor the present prostration of
