850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
mitted the wrong in the territory where com-
mitted. The evidence is, that the consul was at
Bahia, and there is no evidence that he ever re-
turned, nor does it appear that he had aay peeu-
niary responsibility, or that process could have
been served here upon him, at any time since the
commission of the act, up to the time that the case
was first presented to the Committee on Com-
merce.
That being out of the way, the question then
is whether the application has been made only to
the Government. There is no evidence before us
that application for relief has been made in any
other quarter. Therefore, and because they have
applied nowhere else, tliese parties come to the
Government, and ask now for the relief which I
claim the circumstances attending the case war-
rant and demand.
What are those circumstances? In 1847,these
§entlemen were interested in the vessel named.
he was a foreign bottom, and consequently could
not obtain American papers. She cleared from
Baltimore, and her clearance being regular, in-
vested her with established rights. She could not
be attacked upon the high seas by pirates, nor by
vessels of foreign Powers, without renderi ng them-
selves amenable to punishment, and liable to re-
dress. She arrived at Pernambuco, a port of
Brazil, and was entered regularly there, and all
the customary facilities ordinarily granted by the
consul of the United States were rendered to her.
Is it not to be supposed that the consul at Pernam-
buco was quite as intelligent as the consul at
Bahia—he' who stands proven here of egregious
ignorance ? She cleared thence regularly to the
port of Bahia; and upon her arrival there, it was
discovered by the Solon who presided over those
waters that the vessel was not a regularly denom-
inated American vessel; and, therefore, she must
be confiscated—confiscated by the act of an Amer-
ican consul, a mere ministerial officer represent-
ing our commercial interests located there, guard-
ing our seamen and our property, and protecting
the persons of citizens of the United States ! That
consul, instead of guarding the property and pro-
tecting the persons of those citizens, confiscates
that property, and invades their rights.
Sir, there could not be more gross or culpable
ignorance disclosed by any person upon the face
of the earth, representing the American Govern-
ment abroad. She was sent home, and sent home
by the consul; sent home under the flag of the
United States, he, of his authority, imposing that
flag upon her, and transferring his jurisdiction
from Bahia to Baltimore. When she reached here
she was still in custody of the officers of the Gov-
ernment. McKee and Leef followed in her wake
to secure redress of their wrongs, and recovery
of their property. The Government, through its
agent, took possession of the vessel at Bahia with-
out right, and its consul indulged in a stretch of
authority unparalleled and unprecedented. The
proof is here. She returned home under the con-
sul's directions; moored hereunder his directions;
was laid at the wharf under his directions; and
she reposed under the flag of the United States
under the authority of the revenue officers, until
■—what? Until the officers of the United States
discharged her. This is the case.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think that
there is difficulty in the minds of some members j
on this branch of the case. There is no doubt
about the principle as stated by the gentleman
from Virginia; but I do not understand that the
point is controverted by my friend from Virginia,
that the Government is not answerable, and that
the cases where the Government interferes are ex-
ceptional ones, depending upon their own merits.
These exceptional cases may be where the parties
have been vigilant in vindicating their own rights.
But, sir, these parties have not done that. This
consul in Brazil undertook to stop this vessel. To
that extent, acting under the scope of his authority,
he could not be accused of any neglect. The act'
may have been illegal. And did those parties try ,
to have the question brought up before the courts
there, in order to prevent the vessel being returned 1
to the United States, by which return the damages i
were induced? If there was no remedy there, then 1
we cannot charge these parties with laches. If,
however, they did not show proper vigilance, in
order to have determined the legality of the deten-
tion of the vessel, if they failed to exercise the
remedy that was within their reach, then I do not
believe this Government is justly answerable for
these extended damages.
As I have said, there seems to be doubt in mem-
bers' minds on this point. The Government may
be held responsible in certain exceptional cases,
where the party made all due diligence in seeking
aremedy, without success; and in this case, if the
committee is satisfied that the vessel, being in the
hands of the consul, was brought to the United
States without any remedy to estop the consul in
his proceedings, then there is no laches on the
part of thpse parties. I understand the gentleman
from New York to maintain that they are entitled
to relief, as this is an exceptional case; and 1
think that he ought now to go on and satisfy the
committee that they were without remedy until
they appealed to the Congress of the United States;
that they could not have resorted to the courts at
Brazil. If they hadaremedy there, then of course
the vessel could have been taken from the consul,
and there would not have been this claim for dam-
ages.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to propound a ques-
tion. The question of the liability of this consul
is one which must be decided by the laws of the
United States. How could the courts in Brazil
determine that question ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The inquiry put
by the gentleman from Maryland is unquestiona-
bly a pregnant one. Before I proceed, I will ask
him to tell me what is the power of the Brazilian
courts to interfere, in alleged acts of trespass by
the American consul, upon the property of citi-
zens of the United States?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understand
the owners of the vessel to allege that, when the
consul arrested her, they were without remedy;
that there was no court, no tribunal of admiralty
jurisdiction, that could have afforded them a rem-
edy.. That is my opinion, too, of the law bearing
on this case.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then the gentle-
man's opinion coincides with my own. I have
no knowledge that there is a tribunal in Brazil,
either of local or international jurisdiction, which
would have enabled these individuals to institute
an action there as citizens of the United States
against the consul of the United States, for viola-
tion done by him, in his official capacity, to their
property.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my friend
will give way, I will move that the committee rise,
with a view to close this debate. It is unjust to
the remaining cases on the Calendar that a ques-
tion like this should be discussed a whole day.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will finish what
I have to say in a moment.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me put a question to
the gentleman at this point. If it is important to
know whether these men had a legal remedy or
not, the burden devolves upon them to show that
fact, before they come to ask for relief' Now,
if they had a legal remedy, they ought to have
used it. If they had that remedy and did not use
it, they ought to show the reason for their failure
to do so.
Mr. HUGHES. I will answer that. The
Secretary of the Treasury, in the case of O'Sul-
livan, reported to Congress that the rule which
the Government thought ought to be pursued
was, that the claimant should sue the consul in
his individual capacity, or else to resort promptly
to the Government for redress. In this case, the
parties promptly came to the Government under
that rule; while in the 0'Sullivan case, the Secre-
tary did not think the party had resorted early
enough, and yet relief was granted in that case.
This is a much stronger one.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, but even then, Mr.
Chairman, the burden of proof would still de-
volve on him to show why he did not resort to a
suit.
Mr. HUGHES. Grant it; and there are facts
contained in the official documents on file in this
case which do show conclusively why he did not
resort to a suit, and could not. I-Ie could not
have his individual remedy against the consul, for
this reason: the consul was in a foreign country,
the courts of which did not recognize the laws
of the United States as their rule; and the lia-
bility in this case was to be determined by those
laws.
Mr. LETCHER. There ia nothing of that sort
stated in the memorial.
Mr. HUGHES. There are some things of
which members of Congress, as well as courts,
are to take judicial notice.
Mr. LETCHER. But this is not one of those
things of which we are to take judicial notice.
Mr. HUGHES. Surely one of these things is,
that Brazil is a separate, independent, foreign
Government, having different forms of action,
different courts, and different judicial proceedings
from the United States; and, that the paramount
law in Brazil is the law of the supreme power
there, and not the law of the United States.
Mr. LETCHER. I see here that this gentle-
man claimed compensation for this vessel to the
amount of $15,000, which, it is said, was ascer-
tained by valuation in the port of Bahia. I find
that when the vessel came home to Philadelphia,
was transferred to these parties, and was taken
to Baltimore, she was sold for $2,500. Will the
gentleman from New York be good enough to
tell me how it was that this vessel depreciated
$ 12,500 in the short space of some five or six
months ?
Mr. HUGHES. With the permission of the
gentleman front New York I will answer that
question. The consul himself called in survey-
ors, and they estimated the vessel at $15,000.
The evidence in the case shows that the consul
detained the vessel there for a short time; that he
put a captain of his own appointment, and a crew
on board of her; that while she lay in port he en-
tertained his friends on board; and that when she
arrived in Philadelphia, after being so long under
his care and keeping 
Mr. LETCHER. How long ?
Mr. HUGHES. I cannot state exactly. She
made a long voyage.
Mr. LETCHER. Was it more than eight
months from the time of her seizure till the time
of her sale ?
Mr. HUGHES. I do not know. The ques-
tion of time is not very material.
Mr. LETCHER, It is very material.
Mr. HUGHES. When the vessel arrived at
Philadelphia, she was dismantled and almost a
wreck.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no evidence of
that in the papers.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman will find that
there is.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. This discussion is out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. John Cochrane] will proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This debate has
undoubtedly taken a sufficiently wide range to
exhaust all its merits. I will further answer, be-
fore I take my seat, the question of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] The proposition
which he puts, is certainly a pertinent one—that
the burden of proof is on the parties applicant
here, to show that they had no redress in the courts
of Brazil. I have no means of furnishing an an-
swer to it, other than those furnished by the
knowledge which we all, in common, have, that
citizens of the United States, invested with a na-
tional character, cannot prosecute or be prose-
cuted, in the courts of a foreign Power, regarding
the inteiests, the rights, or the property of other
citizens, without express treaty stipulations; and
whether there be such a treaty stipulation or not,
in this instance, the gentleman from Virginia is
better informed than I am. My judgment and
knowledge are that there is not.
In regard to the valuation of the vessel, my
answer is this: the consul who had the vessel val-
ued was undoubtedly interested, as sequestrator,
in making the value as high as possible. A val-
uation by a consul under such circumstances, and
a valuation here by disinterested appraisers, are
two very different things; as is shown by the
fact that in this case the difference between the
valuation of the consul, at Bahia, and the price
obtained here, was $12,500. My friend from Vir-
ginia undoubtedly knows that in cases of forced
sales by virtue of confiscation, American regis-
ters sometimes, in case of premature sales, do not
accompany the vessel. Whether this vessel was
sold in consequence of seizure, or whether she
was sold under the favorable circumstances of
market overt, does not appear here of record;
but I conceive that the committee will not allow
