1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
851
the gentleman from Virginia to take anything by
a suggestion of that nature.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have presented these facts as
broadly as possible, in order that I may array
them confidently, within the application of the
language of the Secretary of State:
" But very strong and peculiar cases may present excep-
tions. It is, however, for the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment to decide, jn its discretion, whether, under all the
circumstances, tlie case of Henry Leef be of that charac-
ter."
I have endeavored to present all the circum-
stances fairly; and it is for the committee to say,
in its discretion, whether the case is of that char-
acter- which merits legislative relief. I am sure
there can be no question that the losses of the
claimants demand it.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiibuhn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration the Private Calen-
dar, and particularly a bill (H. R. No. 206) to in-
demnify Henry Leef and Joiui.McKee for illegal
seizure of a certain bark, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
APPROPRIATION BILES.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask to have
taken from the Speaker's table two appropriation
bills, that have been returned from the Senate with
amendments, (the Indian, and the consular and
diplomatic,) and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the amendments
ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 764) to
provide for the settlement of the accounts of the
late Lieutenant Colonel Lewis S. Craig, for his
services in command of the military escorton the
Mexican boundary commission; and joint reso-
lution (EI. R. No. 50) to correct a clerical error
in "An act for the relief of Isaac Body and Samuel
Fleming;" when the Speaker signed the same.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. HUGHES. I move the usual resolution
that all debate in Committee of the Whole House
on House bill No. 206, shall cease in five minutes
after the committee shall have resumed its con-
sideration.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. RUFFIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Phelps of Minnesota were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-eight, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 7, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. A. G. Carothers.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, relative to the
adoption of a system by which the sale of useless
military posts would furnish the means of provid-
ing barracks and quarters for the Army; which
"was ordered to he on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate, relative to a reduction of the number
of Indian superintendents, agents, and sub-agents,
and the transfer of the Indian bureau from the
Interior to the War Department; which was or-
dered to He on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate, relative to the stationing of the Army so
as to largely diminish the cost of transportation
and subsistence, and, at the same time, perform
whatever service might be necessary in suppress-
ing Indian outbreaks; which, on motion of Mr.
Hunter, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed. . ..
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, information relative to the commercial re-
lations of the United States with foreign nations,
for the year ending September 30, 1858; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
Mr. Hunter to print the report, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 863) for the relief of Lucy A.
Wakefield, widow of Benjamin Wakefield; and
A joint resolution (No. 52) giving the consent
of Congress to the acceptance by Captain M. F.
Maury and Professor A. D. Bache of gold med-
als from the Sardinian Government.
A subsequent message announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 380) to provide for the payment of
the claims of the State of Maine for expenses in-
curred by that State in organizing a regiment of
volunteers for the Mexican war;
A bill (No. 554) to authorize the Attorney Gen-
eral to represent the United States in the proceed-
ings in equity now pending in the Supreme Court
between the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
and the State of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations; and
A joint resolution (No. 48) for the payment of
an unexpended balance to the State of Georgia
on account of military services.
BILLS BECOME LAVSfS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 5th instant, the following acts:
An act providing for keeping and distributing
all public documents;
An act providing for the payment of the ex-
penses of investigating committees of the House
of Representatives; and
An act for the punishment of the crime of for-
gery or counterfeiting military bounty land war-
rants, military bounty land certificates, certifi-
cates of location, certificates of purchase, and
receivers' receipts.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not a special order
for to-day at half-past twelve o'clock—the agri-
cultural college bill—on which the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] has the floor?
Mr. SEWARD. That is so.
Mr. WADE. I hope that bill will be taken up
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
aware that such was the understanding, but it
was not made the special order. The Senator
can move to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. HU NTER. I thought there was a special
order made.
Mr. SEWARD. There was not a special or-
der made; but there was a special and universal
understanding that that bill should be taken up to-
day, and the honorable Senator from Alabama
have the floor. I move, therefore, that the bill be
taken up.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to make a few re-
ports.
Mr. SEWARD. It is a matter of courtesy to
the honorable Senator from Alabama.
Mr. GREEN. If it is a matter of courtesy, I
will yield, as a matter of course.
Mr. SEWARD. Lct.it be taken up.
Mr. BROWN. I only want to say that, while
I shall interpose no objection to taking up this
bill, as the honorable Senator from Alabama
wishes to be heard, I hope it is not to be under-
stood as displacing the regular order of business.
With that understanding, I have no sort of ob-
jection.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the bill is taken
up by general consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such is the
understanding of the Chair.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2) donating public lands to Jthe
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts; the question being on the passage Of
the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Al-
abama will allow me to propose an amendment,
which I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to offer at this time. I do not propose to discuss
it. It is to add as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That there be appropriated
to the Columbian College, in the city of Washington, and.
Georgetown College, in the city of Georgetown, District of
Columbia, respectively, fifty thousand acres of land forthe
purpose of founding an agricultural department in said col-
leges, to be used by the colleges in the same manner, and
under the same conditions and restrictions, as tlic land
granted in this act to the States.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, in consideration
of the late period of the session, the pressure of
other important measures upon the attention of
the Senate, and the courtesy shown me by post-
poning the final vote upon this bill until to-day, I
shall say less than I should have done had the
question been pressed to a final vote on Thursday
last. I shall refrain from entering into the dis-
cussion of the expediency of this measure, al-
though I think it might be clearly shown that it
will prove far more baneful than beneficial even
to the interest which it professes to support.
But, sir, I cannotforbear to invoke the attention
of the country to the fact that, at a time when the
country is more than sixty million dollars in debt;
when its revenues are insufficient to supply its
ordinary wants; when we are told that we must
either increase the supplies or reduce the demands
upon theTreasury,itisproposed bythis measure
to cut off all revenues from the public lands, and
by the same act to increase the expenditures of
the Government by donations of land equivalent
to fully $10,000,000. Common sense would teach,
and common honesty would require, a private in-
dividual, under like circumstances to husband his
resources, to reduce his expenses, and to endeavor
to be just to his creditors, rather than generous to
his friends. By whom is this measure supported?
By the unanimous vote of the Republicans and
the Americans, now classed .1 believe together,
apcording to the present party nomenclature, un-
der the name of " the Opposition," who habitu-
ally declaim against the extravagance of the Ad-
ministration and the Democratic party; who, with
fervid patriotism, profess to desire economy, re-
trenchment, and reform in the public expenditures;
and who, in this instance, as in most others, dis-
credit their professions of good faith by their bad
works.
Among them, strange to tell, are the repre-
sentatives of some of the new States, notwith-
standing, as suggested by the honorable Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] the effect of this
measure will be to enable greedy capitalists to
monopolize large bodies of the public lands, keep
them from settlement and cultivation, and thereby
retard the growth, the wealth, and prosperity of
their own States. But, stranger still, among its
supporters are found a few—I am glad to say a
very few—members of the Democratic party who
profess to be the advocates of State rights; of a
strict construction of the Federal Constitution.;
opposed to enlarging Federal powers by construc-
tion; in favor of the largest liberty of the States
consistent with the prohibitions of the Constitu-
tion; opposed to the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands; in favor of the principles and
sentiments enunciated by General Jackson in his
veto of the land-distribution bill; opposed to any
intervention by Congress with the domestic af-
fairs of the States, and in favor of suffering them
to manage their own internal and local affairs in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution.
What is the excuse rendered for this profligate
expenditure of the public money at such a time ?
We are told that the people demand these gratu-
ities; that the Legislatures of several of the States
have instructed Senators to vote for this bil 1. Sir,
if the people demand the patronage of the Fed-
eral Governmentfor agriculture and education,it
is because they have been debauched and led
astray by Federal legislation. This cry of " give
us land," is but the echo of the voices which have
resounded on this fioor. The vicious public sen-
