APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong~..2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kunkel.
Ho. of Reps.
. The agricultural States show the following re-
sults:
. Percent. Per capita.
Illinois consumes, of foreign imports. ...26 $6 55
Indian?..'    30 5 09
Kentucky.       30 5 97
Ohio   43 5 66
Missouri.   4# 6 48
29 65
Average consumption per capita..,.. $5 93
The percentage of manufacturing products of
these States to their .total products is, respective-
ly: Illinois, twenty-six per centos Indiana, thirty
per cent.; Kentucky, thirty percent.; Ohio, forty-
three per cent.; Missouri, forty per cent. All
above twenty, and below fifty per cent.
Mixed agricultural and manufacturing States:
Percent. Per capita.
New Jersey consumes, of foreign imports.67 ®8 89
New York 67 8 47
Pennsylvania 67J 7 31
Maryland 66J 6 17
Delaware   60 6 27
37~U
Average consumption per capita $7 43
The percentage of manufacturing products of
these States to their total products respectively,
is: New Jersey, sixty-seven per cent.; New York,
sixty-seven per cent.; Pennsylvania, sixty-seven
and a half per cent.; Maryland, sixty-six and a
half per cent.; Delaware, sixty per cent. All
above fifty, and under seventy-five per cent.
The manufacturing States:
Percent. Per capita.
Connecticutconsumes, offoreignproducts.78 i 48
Massachusetts 81 13 26
Rliodelsland ..91i 12 11
35 85
Average consumption per capita $11 95
The percentage of manufacturing products
above their total industrial products is, respect-
ively: Connecticut, seventy-eight per cent.; Mas-
sachusetts, ninety-one per cent.; Rhode Island,
ninety-one and a half per cent. All abwve seventy-
five per cent.'
It results, from these details, that these four
classes of'States consume the imports and pay the
customsupon them, in the following average pro-
portion:
Tile planting States consume, per mpita $4 66
The agricultural  5 93
The mixed agricultural and manufacturing    7 43
The manufacturing 11 95
The manufacturing States, therefore, consume
of foreign imports per capita, more than two and
a half times as much as the planting; twice as
much as the agricultural; more than one and a
half times as much as the mixed agricultural and
manufacturing; and the mixed agricultural and
manufacturing, nearly twice as much as the plant-
ing States, and nearly fifty per cent, more than
the agricultural States. These statements show
that Mr. Clay spoke within the limits of his data
when he said in the memorable contest of the
year 1832, that the planting States consumed less
than one half of their fair prorata proportion of
the foreign imports, and contributed that much
less than their due share to the revenues of the
country. The average consumption of foreign
imports per capita, in 1850, was 7.02 per cent. The
planting States fell 2.36 below that average. The
staple States should also recollect, that they being
the chief exporters of domestic productions to
foreign countries, are by the Constitution ex-
empted from all duties, excises, and taxes upon
their products, and have in the great difference of
the amount of their exports over those of the
manufacturing States, ample compensation for all
they contribute to the Treasury. These state-
ments further show that the communities which
ask for the encouragement of their industry by
protective duties, are the very people who are to
bear their weight. They are given only as ap-
proximations, and not as entirely accurate. If
there be error in them, however, it is certainly not
against the planting States. If then, it be neces-
sary to the easiest and least onerous way of rais-
ing revenue; if its result in the long run be to
cheapen production;and if the complainants bear
less than their proportionate share of the duties
upon imports—why this warfare upon interests
so vital to us ?
It is diversified industrial pursuit in the same
State which develops its greatness, enriches its
people, and makes them independent. That na-
tion which, by its natural advantages of territo-
rial possession and capacity of population, can
most, diversify its departments of labor, most
surely possesses the means of power and great-
ness. It>is just in this regard that nature has been
bountiful to us as she has been to no other peo-
ple on the globe. What an extent of territory,
climate,production! "What a generous and kindly
soil! What majestic rivers, lakes, harbors, and
far-stretching lines of sea-coast! What incalcu-
lable powers of agriculture, manufacture, me-
chanic arts, and commerce, coast-wise and inter-
State! What an enterprising, bold, self-reliant,
and capably people! How have the elements of
a mighty empire been lavished upon us, in what-
ever direction we turn! How has the Almighty
thrown up before us a highway to a destiny, the
contemplation of which dazzles and bewilders,
and bade us walk in it! It is a wise statesman-
ship which draws its first lesson of political econ-
omy from the allotments of Providence. The
natural'place for the manufacturer is just where
the raw materia! and food are found. It is just
there, other things being equal, that the manu-
factured article can be produced cheapest. How
blind that policy, then, which sends the rude ma-
terial from the cotton-field, the back of the sheep,
or the bowels of the earth, abroad, to be manu-
factured, and with them, the fruits of the earth,
to feed the foreign manufacturer, instead of plac-
ing the manufacturer and agriculturist side by
side, feeding and clothing each other! All ex-
perience proves that the nation which depends for
its manufactured products upon the workshops
of another, must forever remain tributary and de-
pendent. It is not our misfortune to want the
means of independence; but to abdicate them
seems to be our folly.
But, Mr. Chairman, we learn that the protec-
tionists in this House are far behind the progress
of the age, and that their statistics and arguments
are very silly things; for the gefftleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] tells us, with McCullough
in hand, that protection is an " obsolete and ex-
ploded idea." Citing an English authority nat-
urally leads us to England. Does she champion
free trade now thatsne has centralized upon her-
self the markets of the world? Inquire the secret
of her colossal power ? What has given her a
voice among the nations which shall echo back
from the abyss of time? What has enabled her,
in the few past years, with a national debt of
$4,000,000,000, to carry on her Crimean war, cost-
ing hundreds of millions, and engage in another
war in the East which requires in that distant
region the presence of more than one hundred
thousand of her troops? Prominent among the
sources of her power, and next to the capabilities
of her people, is her adoption of the protective
system and availing herself of the great laws of
trade. In vain for her did Adam Smith announce
the doctrine of free trade. Her far-seeing and
sagacious statesmen scouted it. By her prohib-
itory and heavily discriminating duties, her cel-
ebrated navigation act, and her suppression of
the attempts at manufacture of her colonies, has
England become the workshop and maiket of the
v/oi Id. Look at her policy towards this country
during its colonial period. Pitkin, in his statis-
tics, says, as early as 1699, Parliament declared
" that no wool, yarn,or woolen manufactures of
their American plantations should be shipped
there, or even laden, in order to be transported
from thence to any place whatsoever." In 1790,
the House of Commons also declared " that the
erecting manufactories in the colonies tended to
lessen their dependence upon Great Britain."
In 1750, Parliament prohibited the erection or
continuance of any mill or other engine for slitting
or rolling iron, or any plating forge to work with
a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making steel in
the colonies, under the penalty of >£200; and every
such mill, engine, forge, or furnace, was declared
a common nuisance, and the colonial Governors,
on the information of two witnesses on oath, were
ordered to cause the same to be abated within
thirty days, or to forfeit the sum of .fSOQ. And
has this not always been her policy towards her
colonial dependencies, and the spirit of her inter-
course with all the world. Is it now, when, by
a long course ef the most restrictive character,
England has centralized upon herself the markets
of the world, and her exports of manufactured
goods touch $600,000,000, that she preaches free
trade to the nations ? When protection and pro-
hibition, by their enormous profits, have swollen
and cheapened her capital, trained her labor, de-
veloped her resources, and thus given her that
majestic start which seems to distance competi-
tion, she invites, by her specious advocacy of free
trade, the rest of the world to dependence upon
her. Run your finger ove^the map of Europe,
and, wherever it rests upon a great nation, you
have one which hasprotected itsindustry .^France,
Belgium, Northern Germany, Sweden, and Rus-
sia, protect themselves against the centralizing
power of Manchester and British free trade; ana
are they not the strong Powers? But turn to
Prussia, whose more recent ad option of protective
policy is just developing its results. The year
1816 found her prostrate and exhausted, by the
desolating effects of the battles between France
and the rest of Europe. Shortly after that time,
she commenced the policy of protection, to which
she adheres to this day. In 1828 theZoll-Verein
was inaugurated, and its operations commenced
with the year 1832; and what since then has been
the progress of Prussia? In 1849 she was not
only able to supply her own markets, but to com-
pete with Prance and England in the fine linen,
woolen, cotton, and silk fabrics,and velvets. In
the year 1852 the manufactories of Prussia fur-
nished 99,837,000 ellen of woolen cloth, valued at
163,000,000 thalers. In 1805, the consumption of
sloth was, per head of the population, three fourths
ellen; in 1842, it was one and one fifth; in 1852,
three and one half ellen. The following table
shows the progress of the woolen industry in
Prussia:
Number of kands and Number of
mechanical looms. workmen,
1831  15,360 20,000
1846   34,234 47,066
1849   38,887 51,513
The Paris Journal des Economistes, on the min-
ing industry of Prussia, states that her coal mines,
which produced, in 1834, only 7,000,000 tons of
brown and other coal, yielded, in 1854, no less
than 46,500,000 tons; that the total value of her
mining products—coal, iron, lead, copper, &c.—
which was about 11,000,000 francs in 1824,
amounted to 159,268,220 francs in 1854. The
number of mines, smelting-works, founderies,
and rolling-mills, was 3,971; the value of their
produce, 301,345,661 francs; the number of work-
men employed in them was 144,896, and includ-
ing theirfamilies, 437,396. That is, nearly twenty-
one per cent, of the entire population of the
kingdom was subsisted by this industry. This,
the Journal declares, "means nothing less than
that Prussia has actually surpassed all other
countries of Europe, with the single exception of
England." Behold the results of the protective
policy in the short period of twenty-five years!
In that time, the population of the.kingdom in-
creased from 10,922,000 to 16,000,000; and the
production of grains and potatoes kept pace with
the increase of population. Does the growth of
such a magnificent industrial interest, under the
protective system, in the last quarter of a century,
show an abandonment of it by the civilized worla?
Surely McCullough must have been in the interest
of British manufacturers. At the Court of Berlin,
as i^nerican Minister, is a distinguished states-
man of this country, formerly Governor of Indi-
ana, and, before he went abroad, thoroughly im-
bued with the free-trade prejudices of his party,
upon whom the progress of Prussia seems to have
made a convincing impression; for, in a letter to
a gentleman in this country, under date of Decem-
ber 1^, 1858, he says:
" U should be the policy of our States to make more at
home and to buy less abroad. We should diversify our ,
puisuits, and make it our aim not only to raise cotton and
wool as raw material, but to manufacture it at home, in-
stead of sending it abroad, to buy it back again at a higher
price than it would cost to manufacture it ourselves. It is
obvious that m Indiana, where coal is pleniifui, where pro-
visions are cheap, and where railroads afford rapid and con-
venient means ^'communication with other States, it would
