834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
I nistee, he would not hesitate to give judgment
against him in damages for the value of the prop-
erty conveyed by him.
Sir, the word " dispose" was never interpreted
in any instrument conveying property to trustees
89 empowering them to give it away. It is in-
congruous with the general character of a trust
to enable the trustee to give it to whom he pleases,
because trusts-are created for the use of the bene-
ficiary or maker of the trust. To give is the
power of an absolute owner of property, and not
of a trustee, never inferred from doubtful or am-
biguous terms in trust deeds. Such power is never
conferred upon trustees, except in precise, clear,
snd positive terms. This Federal Government
is, as I have remarked, the trustee of the States.
It possesses no unconditional or absolute right of
property. All that it holds is for the benefit of
tile States, and is held upon the condition that it
shall be used only for those purposes and objects
named in the Constitution. How then can the
light of an absolute owner be arrogated for Con-
gress in virtue of the word "dispose?"
If we 'ook outside of the Constitution, how-
ever, to the circumstances under which this power
was conferred, the construction of the term now
claimed seems to me to be completely negatived.
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution,
as is known to the Senate, the Federal and State
Treasuries were empty, the Federal and the State
Governments were bankrupt; we had just passed
through a seven years' war, in which all our re-
sources had been exhausted; we were largely in
debt, without foreign commerce, and with no
means of supplying theTrcasury, except by tax-
ation, or by the sale of the public lands. Under
such circumstances, to presume that it was in-
tended by this term " dispose," to confer upon
Congress power to give away the most valuable
property of the Federal Government, the terri-
tory or lands, is to question the wisdom or integ-
rity of its framers; because the ordinary instincts
of enlightened conscience and of self-interest,
should have restrained them from conferring any
such power.
If we look to the deeds of cession, under which
this property was acquired, they fully sustain my
position that no other power was intended to be
given than that of a prudent proprietor, to man-
age this property for the best interests of the
States. I find that in the deeds of cession made
by Georgia and Virginia, which included much
the largest portion of the lands ceded, this lan-
guage is used m respect to the Territory ceded:
"That it sliali be a common fund for the use and the
benefit of the United States, according to their usual re-
spective proportions 111 the genera! charge and expenditure,
and shall be faithfully and 6071c fide disposed of for that pur-
pose, and for 110 other use or purpo.se whatsoever.''
As General Jackson said in the veto message
to which I have alluded, these deeds of cession
are a part of the fundamental law of the land.
They have all the obligation of solemn treaties.
^ In them we find the purpose of these cessions of
1 ihe public lands expressly declared, and, further-
more, that they shall be disposed of for 110 other
use or purpose whatsoever. For what purpose
were they ceded? " As a common fund for the
use and benefit of the United States, according to
their usual respective proportions in the general
charge and expenditure." What does that mean t
That they shall be used to pay the public debts,
and to relieve the several States from taxation
necessary to raise their quotas or proportionate
shares of the revenues of the Federal Government.
These cessions were made under the old Confed-
eration, and, according to the articles of Confed-
eration, Congress had t)o power to raise money
either by duties or by direct levies upon the prop-
erty within the States, but depended entirely upon
the contributions of the several States raised by
such taxation as they should provide. Hence the
language used in this deed of cession is tanta-
mount to this, that the public lands shall be used
to pay the debts of the Federal Government and
to mitigate the taxation of the people. In viola-
tion, however, of what was declared, and is a
fundamental law of the land, we propose to give
away the publiclands,and thereby to increase the
taxes of the people, to reduce the revenues of the
Government, and to disable it from paying the
public debt.
But when constitutional arguments fail, high
authorities and numerous precedents are quoted
for this exercise of power. Sir, this is not a Gov-
ernment of precedents, but of a written constitu-
tion. I admit that precedents may be found of
land grants for education; but no precedent can
be-found for the bill now pending before the Sen-
ate; none attaching conditions to the grant which
must continue so long as the State exists; none
interfering directly with the domestic affairs and
local interests of the States. I have heard quoted
in behalf of this donation the names of General
Washington, of Mr. Jefferson, and of Mr. Madi-
son; but they never gave their support to any
such measure. I find that General Washington
did recommend the establishment of a national
university; but it is manifest from cotempora-
neous history and the legislation of Congress,
that his purpose was to establish a university
within this District, to be based upon private do-
nations and the public property within this Dis-
trict. He never proposed to endow it either with
the money of the Federal Government, or with
the public lands.
Mr. Jefferson, who has also been claimed as rec-
ommending such a measure as this, in the very
message from which the quotations were made
by the author and advocate of this bill, denied
that Congress had the powers proposed to be ex-
erted in this bill. I have been amazed to find that
it was by garbling this message, and presenting
detached portions of it, that the desired interpreta-
tion was given to it, and he was made to appear
as an advocate of such a measure as this is. In
order to vindicate him, and to prove that he sus-
tained the same views of the Federal Constitution
which I have presented, and denied the power of
Congress to pass any law like this bill, I will read
all that he said on this subject in his message of
December 2, 1806.
After suggesting that there would probably be
a surplus revenue in the Treasury, and proposing
to suppress certain imposts, especially the salt
duty, he proceeds thus:
" On a few article** of more general and necessary use,
the suppression, hi duo season, will doubtless be right; but
the great mass ot the amcles 011 which impost is paid are
foreign luxuries, puichased by those only who are rich
enough to afford the use of them. Their patriotism would
certainly prefer its continuance and application to the great
purposes of the public education, roads, rivers, canas, and
such other objects of public improvement as it may be
proper to add to the constitutional enumeration of Federal
powers. By these operations new channels of communi-
cation will be opened between the States ; the lines of sep-
eration will disappear; their interests will be identified, and
their union ccmented by new and indissoluble ties. Edu-
cation is here placed among the articles of public care; not
that it would be proposed to take its ordinary branches out
of the hands of puvate enterprise, which vnanagrs somuch
better all the concerns to which it is equal; but a public in-
stitution can alone supply those sciences which, though
rarely calicd for, are yet necessary to complete the circle,
all the parts of whichcontribute to the improvement of the
country, and some of them to its preservation. The subject
is now ptoposed lor the consideration of Congress, because,
if approved by the time the State Legislatures shall have
deliberated on thi«j extension of the Federal (rusts, and the
laws shall be passed, and other airangement  made for their
execution, the necessary funds will be on hand and with-
out employment. I suppose an amendment to the Consti-
tution, by the consent ot the States, necessaiy, because the
objects now iceotnmended are not among tho&e enumerated
in the Constitution, and to which it permits the public
moneys to be applied.
" The present consideration of a national establishment,
for education particularly, is rendered proper by this cir-
cumstance; also, that Congress, approving the proposition,
shall yet think it eligible to found u on a donation of lands,
they have it now within their power to endow it with those
which will be anion!? the earliest to produce the necessary
income. Tins foundation would have the advantage of
being independent on war, which may suspend other im-
provements, by requiring for its own purposes the resources
destined for them."
Thus it appears that, taking the whole para-
graph in relation to a national establishment of
education together, Mr. Jefferson denies expressly
that it is among the objects enumerated in the
Constitution, and says that it will require the as-
sent of the States, and the grant of new powers
by them before it can be properly exercised. True,
he says that at this time it might be endowed with
public lands, but he does not say that it may be
thus endowed before the States shall have assent-
ed to, the amendments of the Constitution which
| he declares are requisite.
: Mr. Madison, we are told,recommends it; but
recurring to his messages, I find this language:
" The present is a favorable season, also, for bringing
again into view the establishment of a national seminary
of learning within the District of Columbia, and with means
drawn from the property therein, subject to the authority of
the General Government."
His proposition was substantially that of Gen-
eral Washington, to establish a national univer-
sity, within this District to be endowed with
property within the District, belonging to the
Government, and by private donations. But even
that proposition was defeated, time and again;
and although renewed at successive sessions, I
believe it never commanded a majority of either
House. Finally, it was proposed to amend the
Constitution, so as to confer the power of estab-
lishing a national university; and that also, was
negatived.
I have very hastily reviewed the arguments of-
fered in support of this bill, and have presented
my own views, I fear, imperfectly, as 1 have
spoken with difficulty, because of my physical
condition. But I think I have shown that Con-
gress has not any constitutional authority to pass
this bill; that the powers claimed by its friends
were refused to be given by the constitutional
convention; that the only power granted in re-
spect to art and science, is expressed in the eighth
section of the first article of the Constitution, and
that forbids us to go beyond the limitations
therein prescribed, and that the powers asserted
in this bill are hostile to the reserved rights and
the true interests of the States.
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, I am not able to
come to the same conclusion with the Senator
from Alabama, in regard to the constitutional
power of Congress to pass this bill. If I agreed
with him on that point, I would certainly not vote
for it under any circumstances whatever; and I
should not vote for the hill anyhow, if I were not
directly instructed by the Legislature of Califor-
nia to do so, because I think it is not just to Cal-
ifornia. I think the proposed distribution of these
lands is not just to the new States, and especially
to that State; and therefore I would not vote for
the bill for that reason, but for the instructions of
the Legislature of my State. Donations of land
have been made to all the new States for semi-
naries of learning. They were made to the State
of California; two townships were donated to her.
Alabama and Mississippi, and all the new States,
have had donations of land for seminaries of
learning,and lean see no difference between that
and this case. In addition to that, in the State of
California the five hundred thousand acres of land,
which, by the act of 1841, were granted^to each
of the new States for purposes of internal improve-
ment, have been, by the constitution of the State,
diverted to school purposes. I cannot agree with
the Senator as to the constitutional prohibition to
pass this bill, or I should vote against it. Similar
grants to those of which I have spoken were
made to my own native State in 1806, in Mr. Jef-
ferson's time. So it has been throughout. In the
State of California we had two sections to the
township donated to school purposes in the act
of admission; and so, to all the new States, there
have been numerous donations of land. If the
amendment which 1 proposed the other day had
been incorporated in this bill, I should vote for
the bill with or without instructions; but I am in-
structed, directly, to vote for this bill as it came
fromthc House, by the Legislature of California,
and I shall vote for it. As it is amended, it is a
hettev bill than it was when it came from the
House. I ask the Secretary to read the instruc-
tions as the reason which will influence me to
vote for the bill, though it is not as favorable to
the State of California as I think it ought to be.
The Secretary read the following resolutions
of the Legislature of California.:
Concurrent resolutions relative to a college.
Whereas the Hon. Justin s. Morrill, of Vermont, has
introduced into the House of Representatives of the United
Statrs a bill for the endowment and maintenance of a col-
■ lege m each State and Territory, by donating to each State
and Terutory a portion of the public lands; which college
to be dedicated and devoted tomstiuctions m such branches
of education as pertain to agriculture, mechanical arts, and
natural history: Therefore,
Beit resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concurring,)
That our Senators be instructed, and our Representatives
in Congress requested, to use all honorable exertion neces-
sary to the passing of the aforementioned bill into a law.
Jlnd be it further resolved, That his Excellency the Gov-
ernor be requested to forward to our Senators and Repre-
sentatives each a copy of these resolutions.
WILLIAM E* WfHTESIDES,
Speaker of the Assembly.
JAMES WALKITP,
President of the Senate.
Office of Secretary of State,
Sacramento, California, Jlpril 16? itJo8.
T, Ferris Formaii, Secretary of State of the State of Cali -
forma, do hereby certify that the anriexed is a true and cb'f-
