THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
intd market all those fine lands on the line of the
IliiriiOie^central railroad ? -
Mt. JOJTES). Certainly not. .
Mr. BELL. . But there are transverse roads
penetriuing through them?
Mr. JONES. I know there are.
I.lr. BELL.. , t contend that, considering the
prosperous state of the country at that time, all
these, lands would have been brought into market
without these grants; and,'I was on the point of
saying, that there was no necessity to quicken the
safes of the public lands by making grants for
railroad purposes. I have already alluded to Min-
(leso^. .The emigration there was then so great
that, at the very period when the grant was made,
the supply of lands fit for cultivation, which had
already been acquired from the Indians, was not
considered sufficient to meet the demand. You
do not sell your lands for the highest price you
could get in market overt. Lands which could
be sold for fifteen or twenty dollars an acre, you
gi,ve to the emigrant for 25. I repeat, that at
the very time when these millions of acres were
given, under pretense that it was to improve the
public domain; that we had a right, as proprietor,
to do it; that it was no violation of the Constitu-
tion, because it was our business to dispose of
the public domain on the best terms; you had not
a sufficient supply of public lands to meet the de-
mand of the emigrant at $1 25 an acre.
The honorable Senator asks me if I did not feel
interested in the grant for the sake of Illinois.
Sir, I did feel an interest, but I felt the iniquity
and the injustice of the act. I saw how the ob-
stacle of the Constitution was got around by such
an allegation as was made,even then;and I offered
an amendment providing that a portion of the
lands proposed by that bill to be given to Ala-
bama and Mississippi and Illinois, should be
given to the States of Kentucky and Tennessee,
where there were no public lands, according to the
length of the road in those States. I wished to
have the grant divided between the States through
which the road ran pro rata, according to its
length in each State. In the progress of the dis-
cussion which, ensued on that amendment, an
honorable Senator from New Jersey made a prop-
osition for a general distribution pf the proceeds
of the public lands. One of your distinguished
predecessors, sir, who was at that time the Pres-
ident of the Senate, and who was afterwards Vice
President of the United States, (Mr. William R.
King,) left the chair and came to me in company
with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
and begged me to withdraw my amendment, for
the reason that if I pressed it the loss of the bill
was inevitable. I told them, and I had told the
Senate before, the ground on which I made the
proposition; that I considered the original scheme
unjust and iniquitous; that the Constitution was I
as good for an appropriation of public lands to
an old State as to a new State, and that 1 \vfis de-
termined to press my amendment for a ratable
proportion of that land to build the road in that
portion of Kentucky and Tennessee which lay
between the Ohio and the boundary line of Mis-
sissippi, to which the road proposed to pass.
They took up the last section of the bill, and told
me that, in their opinion, the provisions of that
section were ample to secure the benefit asked for
by my amendment.; that such, in their opinion,
would be the construction of it; and they asked
me to look at it, and as they supposed I was fa-
vorable to the construction of the road, as it ran
through a part of the State I had the honor to
represent, expressed the earnest request that I
would witlidiaw my amendment. I looked at the
section; I supposed it might fairly bear that con-
struction, and 1 withdrew my amendment, and
voted for the bill.
That is the explanation of the interest I had in
that measure. It was an interest looking to the
effect of these grants on the general disposition
of the public domain; looking to their effect in the
future upon some equal distribution of them to the
oldStatesaswellas thsnew. I wenttothe Senator
from New Jersey, who had proposed an amend-
ment to my amendment which I saw would defeat
it, and said to him, "Sir, you are doing what
is calculated to defeat your own object;" and I
begged him, bafore I was applied to to withdraw
my amendment, to withdraw his. I said to him,
" Sir, do you not see that if a ratable proportion
of this land is voted to construct this road through
Kentucky and Tennessee, it is the entering wedge
to an equitable distribution of the public domain
amongall the States, and'you will be entitled, upon
the same principle, to get it to aid you in the con-
struction of any road m New Jersey, and so of
any other State in the Union?" I insisted earn-
estly that he should withdraw it, and it was done.
Is not that a fair mode of legislation? Is it not
a fair and.legitimate and parliamentary mode of
getting the adoption of a general principle, not in
violation of the Constitution? I stood upon the
ground that it was as constitutional to give the
lands to the State of Kentucky, and to the State
I represented, as to Alabama and Illinois. I could
see no distinction in principle. I do not feel my
conscience wrung by making such a grant, al-
though I differ in my judgment as to the construc-
tion of the powers conferred in the Constitution
with the honorable Senator from Alabama, and
many other honorable Senators. I know that in
the'construction they give they are conscientious,
and I trust I am so, too, in my interpretation of
the Constitution.
I felt it due to myself, particularly in relation
to the distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands generally, that I should take this occasion
to explain why I had not proposed a general bill
for that purpose.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not intend
to prolong this debate, for I am exceedingly anx-
ious to proceed to the consideration of another
question. My vote will not be recorded in favor
ot this bill; because, in my opinion, the judgment
of the people whom I have the honor to represent
is opposed to it. I feel none of that earnest op-
position, however, to the bill which has been ex-
pressed by other gentlemen coming from the same
section from which I came. I have seen in it none
of those enormities which other gentlemen have
seen, and have attempted to point out. I have not
perceived that the rights of the States are to be
violated by the passage of the bill. I do not un-
derstand that the rights of the States are violated
by giving to each, to be enjoyed in severalty, a
portion of that which belongs to all of them in the
aggregate, or setting apart to each, to be enjoyed
in severalty, a portion of that which belongs to
all in the aggregate.
I have not seen, in other regards, that there will
be in the passage of the bill that palpable violation
of the Constitution which my friend from Ala-
bama attempted to point out this morning. The
bill, as I understand it, does not assume, upon the
part of the Federal Government, the right to go
into the States and take cognizance of the subject
of agriculture. It no more does it, than did Con-
gress, in passing the several acts enumerated by
the Senator from Tennessee, assume jurisdiction
over the questions named in those acts. When
five hundred thousand acres of land were given
to my State for the purposes of internal improve-
ment, the Federal Government did not assert its
right to go into that State and make internal im-
provements. When a much larger quantity was
given for the purposes of swamp drainage, Con-
gress did not assert its power to drain swamps.
When quantities of land have been given to the
States for other purposes, Congress has not as-
serted its jurisdiction, in my opinion, over those
subjects.
Corgress, as I understand the case, has said
this: " We have no power to make internal im-
provements in the States; but you have; we have
the power to dispose of the public lands, to give
them away; we think,internal improvements and
the building of railroads a good object to be ac-
complished within your limits; we cannot do it;
but we will give you so much land if you will
do it." So in reference to the passage of the
swamp land bills. Congress admitting thatit had
no right to go into a State and drain the swamps—
said, m fact, to the States: " You have the right to
do it; we think it ought to be done; we have the
power to give the land; we give it for that object,
if you will thus apply it." Congress now says,
or proposes to say, in reference to this matter:
"We have no right to erect ag-icultural colleges
within your limits; you have; we think agricul-
tural colleges ought to be erected; if you will do
it then we will give so much land to aid in the
object."
That brings us back to the question, whether
Congress has power to give the land for any pur-
pose ? I maintain that it has; that the power to
dispose of the land necessarily carries with it the
right to give it, or else the English language is
meaningless. The only limitation, in my judg-
ment, upon the power to give, is, that you shall
not give it for a purpose prohibited by the Con-
stitution. Certain salaries are fixed by law; and
they can neither be increased nor diminished dur-
ing the incumbency of the officer. You cannot
give the public land to that officer, as an officer;
because, m doing that, you would violate one of
the prohibitions of the Constitution.
But I have seen no justification for any of these
land grants for railroad purposes, for general pur-
poses of internal improvements, for school pur-
poses, or anything else, unless it be found in that
clause of the Constitution which gives Congress
the power to dispose of the public lands; " dis-
pose of," meaning to give, to sell, to lease, to
rent. Then, when they give it for a particular
object, they do npt take cognizance of the object.
The State retains its authority over the question,
and is simply aided by Congress in doing that
which it has the right to do.
To illustrate, sir; I should have no right to
erect a school-house on your premises; but I have
the right to dispose of my own money. If I think
a school-house ought to be erected there, I say to
you, the proprietor: " Erect a school-house, and
I will contribute$500 to the object." I do not take
any jurisdiction;! exercise no authority over the
matter at all. You can either accept my prop-
osition or not. I simply propose to come in m aid
of an object which I believe is right. I have no
right to go upon any lot in the city of Washing-
ton and erect a church, because the fee-simple
over the soil is not in me; but, certainly, I have
the right, if somebody else proposes to erect the
church, to give my own money, or to give that
which I have the right to give, towards the ob-
ject which I have no right to accomplish solely
and of myself. So I say of this question. While
you have no right to erect, within the limits of
the States, agricultural colleges, or colleges of
any other kind, you have the right to say to the
States: "This power is with you; you have the
sovereignty; and if you, the sovereign, think
proper to erect a college, we will do what we can
by contributing out of that from which we have
the right to contribute.'*
Thus viewing the question, without attempting
to elaborate it, I shall vote, as I said before, if I
vote at all, against this bill; but I do it—under-
stand me—in deference distinctly to what I un-
derstand to be the judgment of my own State.
The State does not want the bill to pass. I am
here to represent her interests, and to represent
her views; but I could not record a vote, contrary
to my own sense of justice, against what I think
ough't to be done in the premises, without ex-
plaining the reasons why 1 do so.
Mr. WADE. I hope the friends of the bill will
now permit the vote to be taken. I do not think
any more light can be thrown on it by discussion.
There was an amendment offered to the bill this
morning which was entirely out of order. The
unanimous consent of the Senate was asked to
allow the amendment to be offered. My atten-
tion was not called to it; I did not know that such
an amendment was oifered, or I should most cer-
tainly have objected at this stage of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Sena-
tor object to receiving the amendment?
Mr. WADE. I do object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
amendment is not in order; and the question is on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. DAViS.% Mr. President, I concur very
fully with the views this morning presented by
the honorable Senator from Alabama on the con-
stitutional and moral questions involved in this bill.
I shall avoid, therefore, entering upon the same
ground, which I think he has covered so ably as
to leave nothing more to be said. I merely wish
to say, at this time, that all arguments founded
upon a reference to the lexicons to find the mean-
ing of the term " dispose of," seem to me rather
beneath the dignity of Senators. We should go
to the history of the transaction to learn what
the word meant in the connection in which it was
used.
It is known that, after the close of the revolu-
tionary struggle, when the States were burdened
with debt, certain States held very large amounts
of territory, and it constituted a ground of com-
