1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
gentleman whether the iron manufacturers of Ohio
want a revision of the tariff?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is no one
here asking it in their behalf.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. That is not
answering my question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not know,
unless they shallpresent themselves at our door.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Who is
here from Pennsylvania?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
himself is here, demanding: it to-night.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. So are you,
as a Representative from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. But I am not here
asking for " protection" upon iron, or any other
article. Five-and-twenty are here pleading for
Pennsylvania. "Who from Ohio has demanded
a higher tax upon^roft ? ;
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, A number
of your colleagues on this side of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I haye not heard
it, or read it.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. You heard
Mr. Stanton.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not know that
there is an iron furnace in his district; I am con-
fident there are not so many as in mine; yet I
have not received a letter nor a petition asking for
a higher duty. Iron is in more common use,
and more a necessary of life than coffee and tea;
and is it not quite enough that the consumers who
are the many, should pay twenty-four per cent,
oi one fourth its value? Sir, whoever pays his
blacksmith a bill of forty dollars, pays nearly ten
dollars, or one fourth in duty, for the benefit of
the manufacturer. And right here, let me say tr>
the people of Pennsylvania, to whose " sober sec-
ond thought," borne down now by depression of
trade everywhere, I look with just confidence,
and to her politicians, too, who are pressing this
question to the utmost, but whom that self-same
sober second thought will send back into obscu-
rity, blinking again to public life the men who
shall be found true to principle and to the Con-
stitution, but who may perish now before the
storm, that the import of coal into the United
States very little exceeds the export; that it al-
ready pays a duty of twenty-four per cent., or
nearly one fourth of its value; and that every year
the quantity drawn from her mines has steadily
increased; but especially, that the depression in
her iron interest, at this moment, is not attribu-
table to the reduction of duty (only six per cent.)
upon that aiticle by the act of 1857, since the im-
portation last year of iron and its manufactures
of every kind, was £9,000,000 ^ss than in tho
year preceding, and §12.000,000 less than in 1854.
It is because the consumption of iron is dimin-
ished, and therefore the demand less, amid the
" genera) depression of trade and business for the
last eighteen months, by reason, too, of which,
all other interests, also, have suffered, that her
furnaces languish. But returning trade and re-
turning business will puitheinall again into blast,
without the aid of tariffs and contributions levied i
upon hor sister States. !
But, Mr. Chairman, I have pursued this line !
of remark further than I intended. I rose not to j'
discuss the tariff generally, but to select and
speak upon two particular products in which my
own State is especially interested, but which are
utterly sacrificed m the tariff of 1857, for the ben- ]
efit of the manufacturer and the dealer, and to j-
give notice that should a bill be biought before1
the House, I will, at the proper time, propose the
necessary amendments—I refer to linseed and ii
wool. j|
I do not know, sir, by whose fault it happened. !|
but so it is that a distinction is made in the act of /
1857 between linseed and flaxseed. The language j<
of the schedule is " linseed, but not embracing j!
flaxseed, free." Now, sir, there is not a practi- ij
cal agriculturist who does not know; there is not
a professor of theoretical, scientific agriculture,
who ought not to know; there is not, 1 M^nture
to affirm, a member even of that assemblage of
agricultural savans who convened in this city the
other day, under the auspices of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, who is ignorant, that linseed
and flaxseed are precisely one and the same thing.
It is so in every lexicon and m every ttyclopedia.
It is so in your " Commerce and Navigation,"
and in your finance reports; and it wg.s so regarded
in the earlier tariffs. Linseed is linen semen—the
seed of flax; and the result has been that eyery
bushel of flaxseed is admitted duty free.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to explain the difference ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts; but he will pardon
me. I have too long been accustomed to observe,
if not to practice, agriculture, not to know that
whatever nice distinctions may be drawn by deal-
ers for their own benefit, there is no difference.
And let me say to him, that the same happy
blunder occurred in the act of J846, linseed being
rated at ten per cent., and flaxseed at twenty; but
no "linseed "was ever imported at ten; the Gov-
ernment taking good care to collect the twenty
per cent, upon it, by whatever name called, vul-
gar or classic. The Secretary of the Treasury
held to Shakspeare's notions, about names and
roses, and struck for the highest revenue. But,
under the tariff of 1857, " linseed, not embracing
flaxseed," being made duty free, the draughtsman
of the act, marvelous to relate, quite forgot to pro-
vide a separate schedule for flaxseed, which he
had so carefully distinguished from " linseed."
There was no reciprocity here, sir; no "flax-
seed, but not embracing linseed." And the re-
sult has been that neither has paid a dollar of duty
to the Government since.
Mr. COMINS. Who was the draughtsman of
the act? Where did it come from?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I cannot say of a
certainty. 1 always suspected it to be of New
England paternity—possibly from the firm of
Stone, Lawrence &, Co.
But to resume. Here, then, is a heavy loss of
revenue, and an unjust discrimination also against
an article in which the people of Ohio and of the
Miami valley are, above all others, interested.
The sum total of flaxseed, or linseed, raised in
the United States in 1850, was 502,307 bushels.
Of this, Ohio alone produced 188,000, or more
than one third of the whole amount. After her,
in the table, Kentucky stands next; and after her,
New York and Virginia; but Ohio equals all
three. The quantity has no doubt increased
since, Ohio still retaining her preeminence. And
Indiana now is also largely interested in the arti-
cle. But the demand is much greater than the
home supply, which is not great; because flax is
an exhausting crop, and never will be extensively
cultivated unlessit commands a liberal price. Ac-
cordingly, the importation of flaxseed during the
fiscal yearendmgm 1858,amounted to$3,243,174,
a plight increase—$40,000—upon the imports of
1857. Under the tariff of 1846, flaxseed was rated
at twenty per cent., and the duty in 1857 amounted
to #600,764 80; and, had it remained at the same
rate, it would have yielded a revenue last year of
$648,000.
Unmanufactured flax is in the same category.
Under the tariff of 1842, it paid $20 a ton; in 1846,
fifteen per cent.; but, under the act of 1857, it is
fiee. Here, again, besides the unjust discrim-
ination against the producer in favor nf the man-
ufacturer, is a loss of revenue to the Government,
amounting last year to more than $30,000.
But I pass on to the other and far more import-
ant article of wool. 1 have said that Ohio is the
heaviest wool-growing State The whole num-
ber of sheep in the United States in 1850 was
21,723,230. Of this number, Ohio had 3,942,929,
In 1854, the number had increased to 4,845,189.
It lias decreased since; but still is3,308,803. Now,
it so happens that I represent the smallest wool
interest of all the nineteen rural districts of the
State; for, out of the 3,300,000 sheep, Montgom-
ery, Butler, and Preble number but 26,201. The
immediate interest of my constituents in wool,
therefore, is comparatively small; but the inter-
est of the State is gieat. The wool clip of last
year a little exceeded 10,000,000 pounds, valued
at $3,000,000. The whole clip m the United
States, in 1850, was estimated at 65,169,660
pounds, worth $20,000,000. It hardly equals
that amount, or sum, now; almost certainly, it
does not exceed it; so that Ohio probably yields
more than one sixth of the entire quantity grown
in the country.
Now, sir, from 1816 to 1857, wool costing ten
cents a pound and over, had always paid a duty;
and, during the greater part of that time, all wool
paid some duty, more or less, according to the
scale of the tariff. Under the act of 1846 it was
rated at thirty per cent., without reference to
quality or cost. But, by the tariff of 1857, wool
worth twenty cents a pound and under, at the port
of exportation, is admitted duty free. Now, sir,
in 1857, wool was imported to the value of
$2,125,744, and being all subject to a duty of
thirty per cent., paid in revenue the sum of
$637,723 20. In 1858, the first year of the present
tariff, the importation of wool of the value oftwenty
cents and under, rose to $3,843,320, upon which
a duty would have been levied under the act of
1846, of $1,152,996. In thesame year, woolworth
more than twenty cents, was imported to the val-
ue of only $179,315; paying a duty at twenty-four
per cent., of only $43,035 60. Thus the excess
of free over dutiable wool in the first year of the
act, was $3,664,005. Practically, therefore, all
wool is free. And thus it is that the revenues of
the Government are largely diminished; and, at
the same time, the interests of the producing
classes, and especially in Ohio, utterly disre-
garded in the act of 1857. Sir, upon these two
articles alone, the loss of revenue last year was
$1,800,000.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Will the gentleman allow
me to say this? The bill to which he refers, as
framed, in this House, did give the gentleman the
protection which he demands. When it went to
the Senate, it was there taken in charge by Mr.
Hunter, and it was through the gentleman's own
friends in the Senate, that the protection which he
claims was denied.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am not claiming
" protection "at all. I demand only just and equal
taxation. But the bill which first passed this
House did admit wool worth fifteen cents, duty
free; and more than that, if the value exceeded
fifty cents, it was also free. It was this bill, and
not that which finally became a law, which my
colleague [Mr. Stanton] so vehemently assailed
on the 20th, and again upon the 23d of February,
two years ago yesterday, in a debate to which I
listened as a spectator m the galleries of the old
Hall.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would sug-
gest, however, to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Purviance,] that the predecessor [Mr.
Campbell] of the gentleman from Ohio was upon
(he committee of conference which agreed to that
tariff bill in its present shape.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly my pre-
decessor was on that committee of conference con-
senting to the report, and, as chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, conducted it
through the House, to which it was reported on
the 2d of March, and passed, as so much other
mischievous legislation is passed m the last hours
of a session, under the previous question, having
been read only at the desk of the Clerk.
Mr. COMINS. I wish to ask the gentleman
if there is a pound of wool, grown in his State,
which is not protected at the rate of twenty-four
per ceil t. ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Perhaps not; and
according to the theory of the gentleman and his
friends, the influx of foreign wool will forever
forbid the production of cheap wools in the State;
and thus the small farmer, without capital enough
to deal in sheep of the finer breeds, be driven
from the market. But, upon the higher-priced
wools, the effect of admitting the article, when
worth twenty cents and under, duty free, is indi-
rect rather than direct. It is a premium for the
manufacture of coarse woolens, and therefore 
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him right here ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No, sir, 1 cannot.
I will yield to no one, friend or foe, in the midst of
a sentence. I interrupt no one thus, and I will
consent to no such interruption for any purpose.
The dignity and decorum of this body, as an as-
sembly of statesmen, are utterly degraded by
these continual and persistent interruptions, cor-
rupting all legitimate debate, and converting every
speech into a maze or convolution of disjointed
dialogues, and this Hall into a stage wheie each
man plays many parts, but with none of the ge-
nius or the delicacy and refinement of the classic
