236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Fair Play—Mr. Thayer.
Ho. of Reps.
drama. Our debates, sir, are becoming now but
empty or angry wrangles, in which assurance,
petulance, bluff repartee, and mediocre smart-
ness, assert supremacy over modesty, logic, learn-
ing, eloquence, and all the other qualities which
become a statesman. I mean no disrespect to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, but he must par-
don me for declining to yield.
To resume: I wasr about to say that the effect
upon the costlier wools of admitting cheap wool
duty free, was incidental rather than immediate,
inasmuch as it directs capital to the manufacture
of the coarser woolens, upon which there is a
greater profit, to the neglect of the finer cloths,
thus diminishing the demand for the higher priced
wool, and of course decreasing the price.
But this is not all; for while the interests of the
producer are thus disregarded in the admission of
flax, flaxseed, and wool, free, good care is had
that the several manufactures of these articles
shall pay a sufficient duty; and accordingly flax-
seed oil and oil cake are rated at fifteen, and man-
ufacturesof wool at nineteen per cent.; and thus
the producer is permitted to purchase back his
linens, oil, oil cake, and woolens, with the addi-
tion of fifteen and nineteen per cent, to the price
at which he might have purchased them had they
been placed in the free list, alongside of his free
linseed, free flax, and free wool.
I have now said what I intended to say upon
this subject at the present time; and conclude with
the notice that, should any tariff bill be reported
at this session, I shall move,as a substitute, that
the tariff of 1846 be revived for two years from the
1st day of July next, so that, meantime, a revision
of the act of 1857 may be had, adhering to the prin-
ciple of ailvalorems, and also to all the other rules
of equal and just taxation. 1
fair play.
SPEECH OF HON. ELI THAYER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. THAYER said:
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] in his speech the other day,
recommended to the Republican party to " note
the policy of the Democratic party, and to learn
wisdom from their opponents." Advised by such
high authority, and scorning no source of knowl-
edge, however humble, I have, for a few days,
made a study of the discipline and policy of the
Democratic party, and what do I find? A wonder-
ful toleration of hostile and conflicting principles
and measures, prompted by adverse and contend-
ing interests. I believe that the plain of Shinar
never witnessed about the base of the tower of
Babel any such confusion of languages as we see
here of principles and measures in the Democratic
party. How do they stand upon the tariff? Some
are for specific duties, some for ad valorem duties,
and some for no duties at all. How concerning
the Dred Scott decision, and the protection of sla-
very in the Territories? Some are for the non-in-
tervention of the Federal Government with sla-
very in the Territories, and some are for the direct
establishment of slavery in the Territories by the
Federal power, as the Journal of this House will
show by the notice which has been given of a bill
to be introduced for the protection of slavery in
the Territories; and as the debate in the Senate
yesterday will show; while others are in favor of
making all such schemes of protection null and
void by the unfriendly legislation, or by the mas-
terly inactivity of the settlers. And how about
the acquisition of territory? Some are for ac-
quiring it by filibustering and the force of private
crusades; some by the more dignified method of
protectorates, military occupations, and military
usurpation; some by purchase, and some by war.
And how is it about the slave trade? Some are
for reviving it, and some are utterly hostile to its
revival. And so in reference to the Pacific rail-
road, and every other measure of public policy.
I have said enough to show that there is a tolera-
tion in that party of the widest diversity of prin-
ciples, opinions, and measures.
Now, sir, if I am to learn a lesson from this
party, I-think I may learn this lesson—that while
I would not tolerate any such latitude of opinion
as would breed confusion in the Republican party,
I would tolerate such liberality of sentiment as
shall not compel men who agree in practice to
quarrel about matters of faith. I do not advocate
that proscriptive policy which would drive away
from me men who do not agree with me about the
importance or necessity or expediency of legislat-
ing against slavery, or for freedom in the Terri-
tories. While I will not denounce the gentleman
from Maine for his favorite measures, I shall ex-
pect the same toleration for my own. He may
bow down in his chamber three times a day be-
fore the Wilmot proviso, with his windows open
toward Jerusalem, and I will not trouble him for
that. But when he attempts to fit other Repub-
licans to his bedstead, we shall very likely pro-
test against any such act, especially if it involves
the necessity of cutting us off at both ends. I
maintain my right to think well of Wilmot-pro-
viso men, and to think well, if I choose, of those
who are not Wilmot-proviso men. The Wilmot
proviso is only a measure, not a principle.
Now, sir, there are some classes of men who
Frofess to belong to the Republican party, to whom
do not propose to address any remarks upon
this occasion, because I believe that, politically,
they will not be made better, and that they can-
not be made worse.
I shall first speak of a class which I will de-
dominate the rigidly righteous, who claim that
it is not enough that a State shall exclude slavery
from its limits, but that this act must proceed
from most exemplary and Christian motives. The
State must exclude slavery because it is a sin. It
might as well be a slave State as a free State, if it
is not made free upon the purest Christian prin-
ciples. These pinks of piety deprecate any ap-
peal to national or personal interest; they depre-
cateany argument which is based upon economical
or pecuniary considerations, as an attempt to con-
taminate the purity of exalted anti-slavery senti-
ment, and to soil, by earthly contact, the pure
and spotless anti-slavery standard of the North.
With this class I can never agree, for I would
rather see a State free for the worse reasons, than
see it slave for the best reasons.
Another class consists of the preeminently
consistent. Some years ago they pointed their
guns at the enemy; and they intend to fire where
they first aimed, whether the enemy be there or
not. [Laughter.] To-day you find them pour-
ing their hot shot into the cold ashes of the ene-
my's extinct camp-fires. [Laughter.] And they
say, " is it any reason because the enemy has
changed his position, because he is unstable and
inconsistent, that we should be wavering and in-
consistent also?" [Laughter.] With this class
I do not agree. I am for pointing our guns where
the enemy now is—for pointing them where the
enemy stands at the instant when we apply the
torch.
There is another class, sir, composed of the
political Cassandras of the Republican party,
who are always prophesying, in the middle of
one great disaster, that another still greater is
about to come; who are continually saying that
slavery has always had its own way, and always
will have it; that slavery, under the Dred Scott
decision, will yet be established in Massachu-
setts and New Hampshire; that secret^ntrigues
are going on for establishing it in Canada, as well
as for putting the White Mountain and Cape Cod
under the lash. [Laughter.] I have an account
to settle with these men. I have met them, and
found them a great impediment to the progress of
freedom in this country. In the contest for free
men and free labor in Kansas, I affirm here that
they were a greater obstacle to our progress than
the border ruffians, the Cabinet and power of Pres-
ident Pierce, or the bad traveling in the State of
Missouri—for they were filling the country with
the cry that Kansas was lost. With quivering
lips and moist eyes, they went about crying that
all was lost. The effect was to send hundreds and
thousands of men, who would have joined our
good colonists in Kansas, shivering away to the
cold regions of Minnesota. I have no sympathy
with these men. Of this class was TJzza in the
days of David, who thought that, because the oxen
stumbled, the ark of the Lord would surely fall;
and he stretched out his trembling hand in sup'
port of omnipotence. Smitten by the power which
his doubts had insulted, faithless Uzza died upon
the spot. Why he died, I ask no commentary to
tell me. Why any such are left is not so clear.
Without faith, either in the power of God or the
destiny of man, they libel freedom and slander
freemen. They have no joy in the present, and
no hope for the future. They seem predestined
to disaster and defeat; and woe to the party or
project in which they assume authority or exer-
cise influence. To a man of this class the present
life is one perpetual nightmare; and what the fu-
ture will be, who can say? Can he be saved?
Can a man be saved without faith, or hope, or
works, with only repentance, and even that con-
sisting not in sorrow for his own sins, but for
other people's virtues? [Laughter.] Why, what,
if, by some chance, he were once in the Holy
City ? he would be no more saved than he was
before. He never would see the tree of life or the
river of life, never would have a harp in his hand
but a spy-glass, and skulking about the battle-
ments, and peering off into illimitable space,
[laughter,] if he should chance to see Dred Scott
or the Supreme Court, even though they might
be beyond the great gulf, he would think they
were coming to establish slavery on the golden
pavements of New Jerusalem. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I do not address myself to these men.
They bear the same relation to the Republican
party that Cape Fear and Cape Lookout do to
this continent. They serve only to keep people
away from it. [Much laughter.] I address the
continent of the Republican party, and not these
insignificant, though conspicuous, capes and
promontories. And, in doing it, I shall refer to
first principles.
It is an axiom in physics that one body must
sustain to another one of three relations. It must
be either less, equal, or greater; and it is in ac-
cordance with the law of growth that if one or-
ganized body is less than another, and, by natu-
ral and gradual accretions, shall at some time
become greater, it must first become equal. Now,
sir, in politics it isalso an axiom that if one cause
is inferior to another in position or in importance,
it can never become superior except by first at-
taining to a position of equality. Now, sir, free-
dom and slavery are two causes in our politics,
and it is claimed by gentlemen that the cause of
freedom is in an inferior position politically, (and
this I assert too,) and has been so for years.
The question, then, is, how it shall attain to
an equal position, and, perhaps, hereafter.to a
superior position. It can only attain to that su-
perior position in the legislation of this Govern-
ment, by first attaining to a position of equality.
And it is this policy of striving for this position
of equality that I have advocated for years; and
I am rejoiced that, at the present time, I am sus-
tained in this argument by very high authority.
I find that one of the distinguished Senators from
the State of New York [Mr. Seward] made a
speech last November, in which he took this po-
sition. Part of that speech was made in Roches-
ter; the other part of it was made a few days later,
in Rome. The speech, altogether, contains two
main propositions. The first proposition is this:
that the Democratic party ought to be put out of
power. The second proposition is the method by
which this can be accomplished. Tinder the first
head, the speaker, nothaving much to prove,and
therefore being free from the necessity of labori-
ous concentration, (because a northern audience
was willing to assent without argnment,) very
naturally digressed from the strict line of logic,
and discoursed freely upon a collateral philosoph-
ical question. He entered into a harmless philo-
sophical speculation about the comparative vital-
ity of free labor and of slave labor; and I think
he came to the conclusion that free labor has the
gfeate^vitalitv. This 1 consider a very harmless
specuMion; and had a similar one been indulged
in, as it has often been, by a southern statesman,
and a contrary conclusion arrived at, no northern
man would have thought of taking exception to
it. He might have concluded, as Mr. Fitzhugh
has done in his Sociology, as southern orators
