1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
ing the last two or three days on this subject, he
■would have understood that I am still opposed to
it. I said no longer ago than last Saturday, after
four o'clock, that if I had it in my power to crush
out this whole scheme, I would do it; butin that
opinion I have not been sustained. I was not sus-
tained by the committee of which I am chairman;
I have not been sustained by public opinion in
"Washington; but I have been betrayed and de-
ceived by those who came to tell me what was
public opinion. The very men who came during:
the last session of Congress to prompt me in my
opposition, and promised to stand by me in op-
posing the marring of this straight avenue with a
railroad, have this very session petitioned them-
selves for the franchise. What am I to infer from
such conduct? Not that they were my friends in
my real opposition to this scheme, but that they
chose to use me for a purpose, to prevent this
company getting the franchise, until they could
fix the triggers to get it themselves. I spurn and
spit upon such wretched trickery as that, 1 care
not from what quarter it may emanate. I was
sincereand honest,and am now,in myopposition
to marring Pennsylvania avenue with a railroad
of any kind; but I know that I am not sustained
anywhere in that opposition; and it is simply a
scramble as to who shall have it.
Vanderwerken had the start. He got the bill
through the House. He brought it to the Senate;
had it twice read and referred;got afavorablere-
port from the committee of which I am chairman,
against my remonstrance, and I alone defeated
him during the last session of Congress,by lefu-
sing to call up his bill. I could have had his bill
passed as easy as to have turned my hand over,
if I had called it up, but I would not do it. 1 would
not do it because I thought I was sustained by a
real sentiment in opposition to any road upon the
avenue; but the men who prompted me to think
so have dodged out of line, and have come in this
session asking the franchiseforthemselves. When
the question was presented to me in that position,
I turned to old Vanderwerken, and said: " I did
you injustice; these m^n have betrayed my con-
fidence; they have practiced a fraud upon me, and
I will not stand by them; but from this hour forth
I will stand by you, and if an>body,with my
consent, puts a railroad upon the avenue, it shall
be you and your associates."
Petitions lie on your table, sir. Senators de-
ceive themselves to suppose there is any public
sentiment in Washington against marring the av-
enue with a railroajl. Theie is none. There are
half a dozen companies seeking the privilege.
Five out of the half dozen are opposed to Van-
derwerken. If any of the others occupied his
position, the other five would combine against
him. That is the way the case stands. If the Me-
tropolitan Company had their bill in the position
this is in, you would find all the rest combined
against them. If Parker & Maury had theirs, or
if the other parties who are petitioning: had their
bill before the Senate, all the rest would com-
bine against them. It is not opposition to put-
ting a road there; but it is a scramble among them
as to who shall have the benefit of it when it is
done. Senators mistake, if they suppose there is
any general sentiment here against putting a rail-
road on the avenue. I tell you now,sir, there isnot
an important mercantile firm, or an important citi-
zen , from the western gate of the Capitol to George-
town, that 1 know of, whose name is not signed
to somebody's petition for this road. If there be
one, I do not know who it is. 1 know that some
of the very parties—I lepeat it again—who re-
monstiatcd last winter against putting the road on
the avenue, have this year themselves come here
and petitioned for the privilege of doing it. I
stand by Vanderwerken & Co., becausc, as I have
said before, they got their bill through the House;
they brought it to the Senate, and what I thought
was genuine sentiment was opposed to it, but
that sentiment has turned out to be fraudulent;
and when 1 found that out, I became the friend
of the bill, and have been so ever since.
Mr. MASON. I profess to know nothing in
the world of the opinions of the citizens of Wash-
ington about this road; but T can very well under-
stand that the citizens of Washington are like the
citizens of other cities in reference to it. I have
understood, in my intercourse with citizens in
other places, that the persons living on the line of
such a road, those living on the street which the
road is to pervade, are generally opposed to its
construction, and for various reasons. One is an
idea that it would endanger the passage of horses
and carriages through the city, and endanger the
lives and safety of foot passengers. Another is,
that it would depreciate the price of their prop-
erty on that street, by bringing other streets into
competition with it, from the facility of getting at
them; and such, I think, very probably was the
opinion of the people on Pennsylvania avenue.
I have no means of collecting it. What I mean
to say is this: it being understood that the opin-
ion of the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia was against placing a railroad
on the avenue, it was natural that people in other
parts of the city in favor of it, were deterred from
coming forward. I do not know whether there
is a scramble or not; but if there is, the best way
is to let them all come in to participate, to make
it a joint stock, and let all who choose subscribe.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Virginia is
certainly mistaken in the statement which he has
made that the inhabitants along Pennsylvania
avenue, the line of this proposed railroad, are op-
posed to it. I have here the petition of nearly
two hundred of the property-holders and busi-
ness men on the avenue, asking the Senate to pass
this bill as it has passed the House of Represent-
atives. One hundred and ninety-odd property-
holders and business men on the avenue ask
the Senate to pass this bill! I have here, also,
a remonstrance against its passage, from forty-
one persons along the line of the road—one hun-
dred and ninety-odd to forty-one! Here, then,
is the expression of the sentiment of the people
along the line of this proposed road. I have also
a petition of the business men and property-hold-
ers of Georgetown—I have not counted them, but
I think they cannot be less than two hundred—
asking the Senate to pass this bill.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the expres-
sion of opinion, I enteitain no doubt whatever
that a large majority of the property-holders and
the business men, the mechanics and the laboring
men of this District, are in favor of this bill. It
is true that an opposition has been organized to
this measure since it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. There is a wild, vague idea here, all
about the Capitol, in regard to the value of this
franchise; and this idea of its great value has
brought here a class of men who are organized
into several bodies, who desire to secure this fran-
chise for themselves. Now, sir, I care not who
has it. If any one of these parties had come here
and carried a bill through the House of Represent-
atives, and were before us, I would vote it for
them. But here is a measure to build a railroad
that must be a great public convenience; that in-
stead of being a disadvantage in the avenue, will
be a great advantage to the entire community.
The value of a railway of this kind in this city, to
the mass of the community, is almost beyond
] calculation. It is a matter of comfort, of conve-
nience, of increased power. Thai it will be a very
good property, I do not entertain a doubt. That
; it is to be of the enormous value estimated out
of the Capitol and in the Capitol, I do doubt.
There are no facts in this country, none in the
\ experience of Philadelphia, New York, Boston,
! or any other northern cities, to sustain the idea
advanced here. You have upon this avenue a line
of omnibuses, carrying about twenty-five hun-
dred passengers per day. When this road is built,
it may increase the number of passengeis; but I
no such immense profits will be realized by the '
building and running a road of this kind.
We have spent a great deal of time on this
measure—a vast deal more than I think the whole
concern is worth. Two days of the Senate of the
United States have already been occupied in say-
ing whether a company of men, headed by a man
who has established an omnibus line in this city,
who has established that line at an expense of
tens of thousands of dollars, who has his all in
that line, shall have the privilege of establishing
a horse-railroad from this Capitol to the borders
t of the city of Georgetown. Two days have al-
ready been expended m discussing this bill, which
: to me seems to be one of a most trifling character.
I The Senator from Virginia has said that persons
1 outside of the District have an interest in it. if j:
! there be a man living in Washington who has a
I right to come here and ask for this privilege, it is
i the man who runs the omnibus line; for that line
is to be destroyed by the passage of any bill of
this kind. He comes here and asks it at our
hands, and he has a claim on us that no living
man has. The evidence is before us, that a ma-
jority in number, and a majority in amount, of
the parties interested, live in this District, and are
citizens of this District. Whpever establishes
this railroad, I hope they will make monev by it.
I know that if a road be built here, it will be a
measure of convenience to the public. It will be
no doubt a productive property; and it is no ar-
gument to me to say that those who build it may
make money out of it. $ trust they will. But,
sir, as this bill has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives giving these parties this privilege, I
shall vote for the bill. Had other parties come
here and asked for it, and were the hill before us
for them, I should vote just as readily for them.
Mr. JONES. I desite to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether he does not know that it
is a fact that there was an omnibus line here
called the Naylor line, before Vanderwerken put
his line in operation?- whether Vanderwerken &
Co. did not buy out Naylor? whether there was
not, soon after that, an independent line put on
the avenue? and whether tins monopoly, at the
head of which is Mr. Vanderwerken and his as-
sociates, did not break that line down by lower-
ing the rates, and putting on the avenue a large
number of omiibuses? and whether, when it
was broken down, Vanderwei ken & Co. did not
haul off some of their omnibuses and send them
away, and raise the fare from five cents to six
and a quarter cents? I believe these are facts
which cannot be denied This is encouraging a
monopoly against the wishes of the people of this
District,asemphatically made known to the Con-
gress of the United States, through the only tri-
bunal through which they have a right to speak
to us, and that is the City Councils, headed by
their Mayor.
Mr. President, I have conversed with many of
the first citizens of this city, who own property
on the avenue, and I am confident, from their
statements, that the "property-holders do not de-
sire any railroad-omnibus line on the avenue; but
they say to me that, if there is to be such a line,
it ought to be placed under the control of the city,
and not given to a set of speculators, as I believe
these are, who come from the city of New York,
and who get some of the citizens of this District,
(three of them,l believe,) to father their project. I
think this railroad ought to be placed under the
control of the city; and I am in favor of the
amendment of my friend from North Carolina,
because it allows all men, Vanderwerken and his
friends, as well as others, to come in and take the
stock. They can take as much stock as they
desire to do; and they can, in that way, get the
control of the line. The line ought to be made
to assist the city, which is constantly begging at
the hands of the Government to be kept up.
The Senator from Massachusetts, I believe, is
well acquainted with the facts which I have stated,
and cannot deny them.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to detain the
Senate long, but I wish to make a remark or two
on the condition of the parties who ask for this
privilege, and on their situation at the present
time. It seems to me that Senators have in a
manner misapprehended the nature of this bill. I
do not know that any Senator here supposes that
you are granting an act of incorporation or a fran-
chise by this bill. If any Senators do suppose it,
it seems to me they have mistaken the nature of
the bill. Vanderwerken and his associates are
now running a line of omnibuses on the avenue;
they begin at the Capitol gate and run to George-
town.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will allow me to ask
him a question. I ask whether any one of these
parties, except Vanderwerken, is engaged in the
omnibus business at all; whether they have not
just adopted him and his name to get the bill
through >
Mr. CLARK. I did not say these parties were
running the omnibus line.
Mr. PUGH. I understood you to say that the
parties who proposed to construct the railroad
were the owners of the omnibus line.
Mr. CLARK. I said Vanderwerken and his
associates. I may be wrong, out I understand
he has some associates in running the omnibus
lines. He may run it alone. I do not care whether
