238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
, Fait Play—Mr. Thaye
Ho. ofr Reps,
■what-shall be most effective. And, sir, when it
■was necessary to put some colonies into Kansas,
I found no difficulty in having meetings in these
towns and villages at very short notice. . Plans
were formed for making colonies, and for taking
possession of the country in dispute, and thus
the result contemplated was accomplished. But
how can any such concert of action exist in that
part of our country where there is only "eighty-
nine one-hundredths of a man to a square mile!
What chance of holding meetings, of kindling en-
thusiasm, of taking counsel, and of laying plans
for accomplishing grand results ? None whatever.
Then, sir, added to this ready combination, we
also have great facilities of locomotion. Our peo-
ple can migrate with but little difficulty. If there
were a*meeting to-night to put a colony into Kan-
sas, all the arrangements might be perfected, and
complete preparation made for starting in two
■weeks. The next day after tile meeting you
would see flaming hand-bills on the streets, headed
" Ho, for Kansas!" " Property for Sale !" Da-
guerreotypes of some " familiar faces," and per-
haps the old homestead, would be taken, and in
two weeks the colony, on the lightning train,
following a pillar of cloud by day, and a pillar of
fire by night, would be going on its way to their
prairie homes.
How can a southern planter hope to rival this
speed and readiness of transition ? After he has
determined to emigrate, his plantation is to be
sold, and the purchaser is to be hunted up, and
much time is required. And after a purchaser is
found, credit must be given of from one year to
twenty years. But suppose all this accomplished,
and the whole train of servants made ready for
the journey: how like a funeral procession would
they appear loitering along through the swamps of
Alabama and Mississippi! No, sir, you cannot
compete with us in this game of emigration. We
evidently have the advantage of you every way.
You have not power to make a contest in this
matter interesting. I say this m no spirit of ma-
lignant exultation. I am laying down facts, and
I wish southern men to understand their bearing
and inevitable consequences.
But, air, the southern planter does not take his
force of negroes to a disputed Territory. The
case winch I was just now supposing never really
occurs in practice. It (lid not once occur during
the contest for the Territory of Kansas. I have
never heard of a single slaveholder who took there
even as many as five negroes.
The spirit of devotion and the spirit of Chris-
tianity sometimes prompt to groat sacrifices, but
I am compelled to believe that the southern plant-
ers are few in number who will hazard the loss
of their slaves, even for the grand purpose of
securing "scope and verge" to African Chris-
tianization.
If, then, there is no motive of Christianity po-
tent enough to influence slaveholders to move
with their slaves to the Territories of the West,
there certainly can be no other sufficient induce-
ment. There can be no pecuniary inducement to
convey slaves where the very soil under their feet
■will be in dispute, and where the slaves them-
selves may be confiscated by an organic law ex-
cluding slavery from the new State, or by the
statute law of the Territory, called " unfriendly
legislation."
Again, sir: there is a converting power in these
free-State colonies; and it is a wonderful power.
I assert, on the best authority, that the majority
of the inhabitants of Kansas, who went there from
slave States, are to-day free-State men. They came
in contact with these northern communities, they
learned some facts of which they were not before
cognizant, and they made up their minds that it
was best for them and their children that Kansas
should be a free State. This converting influence
extended to the Governors of the Territory.
"The extinguishers themselves took fire," and
to this day they give a charmingly brilliant light.
Now, sir, in addition to these resources, con-
trast the causes themselves, which are in conflict.
Contrast free labor with slave labor. What are
their histories and what their relative power?
Fiee labor has coveied the once sterile mils of
New England with orchaids and gardens and
•.•orn-fields. It has filled our valleys with the
music of machinery and the hum of busy indus-
try. The same creating power has built thriving
cities and towns upon our western waters, and
clothed the prairies with fields of waving grain.
Scaling the Rocky Mountains, the same majestic
power has opened the golden gates of the Pacific,
and has transformed the solitary wilderness,
fi Where rolled the Oiegon, and heard no sound
Save lus own dasinngs,"
into a prosperous State, destined to become the
most important seat of commerce and manufac-
tures on our western coast.
Here are some of the trophies of free labor.
Others yet, and greater, will be secured in the fu-
ture. Stronger than Briareus, and possessing
more arms than the giant monster brought to de-
fend the throne of Jupiter against assailing Ti-
tans, free labor, unaided by law, relying solely
on its own inherent energy, will always be found
able to protect its own inheritance.
But where are the triumphs of slave labor? I
will not reply. I press this comparison no fur-
ther.
Now, sir, there is no chance of making another
slave State from any Territory belonging to this
Confederacy. I state this as a fair and well-
founded conclusion, that it may be considered by
men from all portions of the country. I think
that sensible men from the South already consider
it a settled fact. What need, then, of quarreling
about measures for securing what is already se-
cure ? Security is all we ask; and that we have.
That is the grand resultof a contest to which you
invited us, and to which we reluctantly came.
We did not propose to you this very unequal
game of emigration. It was a game which was
proposed by the Democratic party; and the South
enlisted in it, under the lead of that party. And
what was the stake? You compelled the North
to stake Kansas 011 that game, while you volun-
tarily offered to stake all the other Territories.
For one, I was ready to accept that challenge. I
was ready to enter upon that game upon such
terms. I did do it. I do not now regret it. 1 do not
want it otherwise than it is; for all that we have
lost in achieving the victory that we have gained
is more than tell thousand times repaid in that
disciplined army of freemen, who are determined
to see that all is right from Minnesota to the Gulf
of Mexico. These are the facts; and it is better
for the whole country that such are the facts.
There are two blunders that the South has made
in following the lead of the Democratic party.
The first is the blunder of the free-trade policy,
which has compelled us to leave our native homes
and make free States in the West. We could not
be idle; and when you would not let us make
cloth in New England, we have gone about making
States on the prairies. What, now, would have
been the result,if an opposite policy had prevailed?
What, if the South and the Democratic party had
allowed abundant protection to our manufacturing
industry? By that protection our manufactures
in New England would have increased in nearly
the same ratio as the production of cotton in the
southern States. That has been the fact essen-
tially with the cotton manufactures of England.
Why would it not have been so with our own,
had they been sufficiently protected? But ours
have remained almost stationary for the want of
this protection. We have therefore gone about
making markets for our future products, and in
that we have done well. If our manufacturing
industry had been protected, as I suggested, New
England would to-day have had double her pres-
ent population, and 1 think that our fee States
would not have extended one whit beyond the
Mississippi. I doubt whether they would have
gone beyond Indiana. The South could have
taken possession of the great West by that policy;
she would have become the agricultural power of
the Union, emphatically. But now, free labor has
already taken possession of much, and, as I have
shown, will yet take possession of the remainder,
of the public domain. The thing is inevitable. It
mustcome. I do notstand here, as a New England
man, to find fault with these results; whatever
may be said about the motives which secured
them, the results are good. We have secured, for
ail futuie time, the best market in the woild; and
New England will yet see brighter and better
days than she has ever yet seen. No portion of
the country can ever compete with her 111 the man-
ufacture of cloths, or of boots and shoes; no por-
tion can ever compete with her in ship building,
or in the carrying trade of the Atlantic coast. She
has now prepared for herself this extensive mar-
ket of free States, which is every day increasing.
The difference between a free-State market and a
slave-State market is almost beyond calculation.
It is a difference based both on the quantity and
the quality of the goods which we manufacture,
as well as on the security for pay. Who, then,
can condemn us for having enlisted in this crusade
for freedom in Kansas with so much zeal, w;hen
we understood that her freedom would inure to
the benefit of New England industry hereafter
forever ?
Some men may have had a more exalted motive
—no doubt many had—no doubt there was much
of sentiment, and much of benevolence and Chris-
tianity also, in these efforts; but if there had been
nothing but wise pecuniary forecast in them, even
that wbuld have been reason enough for our hon-
est efforts to make free States. Here, then, we
see that the free-trade policy of the slave States
has effectually restricted slavery and extended
freedom.
The second grand political blunder of the South,
under the lead of the Democratic party, was the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. When you
rested on the pledges of implied law, you were
sure of securing for slavery a large portion of the
public domain; but when, under the delusive hope
of acquiring Kansas, you invited the North to
contend with you in this game of emigration, you
abandoned the last solitary hope of slavery exten-
sion on this continent. This Kansas contest has
created more working anti-slavery than all other
causes in our history. To be sure, we had some
dreaming sentimentalists before, who felt enough,
but who expended their feeling in harmless
speeches and resolutions. There were also some
political anti-slavery men, who relied on law, and
nothing else, to restrict slavery and extend free-
dom. But the repeal of that compromise gave
us free-State settlers instead of free-State senti-
ments. It made the people rely upon themselves
rather than on law and politicians. It has given
us a race of workers instead of a race of wishers;
and now, whatever may come hereafter, we shall
always remember that the surest defense of free-
dom is a guard of freemen at the point of conflict.
The history of that conflict has shown us that the
extension of freedom has no necessary connection
with the success of party politics; that the people,
independent of political organizations, can make
free States, even when the whole power of this
Government is exercised against them. Who,
then, can, for a moment, doubt concerning the
result, when the people shall have fair play, and
non-intervention in the Territories by the Federal
Government, instead of perpetual and persistent
Federal intervention for slavery?
These two comprehensive blunders of the South,
under the Democratic party, the free-trade policy
and the emigration contest—induced by the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise—have secured,
beyond question, the freedom of every foot of the
national domain. In commemoration of these
transcendent southern illusions, I think the Abo-
litionists ought to erect one grand enduring mon-
ument.
How, then, can this policy of non-intervention
in the Territories, which I have advocated, be
embodied and made practical? There are two
ways by which that may be accomplished. One
way is, by allowing the people of the Territories
to elect all their officers. I am utterly opposed
to the organization of another Territory without
such a provision in the organizing act. Another
way is to allow no more territorial organization
whatever. Some men may consider tins as un-
safe. I do not recommend it now as a policy. I
suggest it as a policy to be considered, whether it
might not be better hereafter, never in any way
to increase our provincial dependencies. Such
dependencies do not become this Government.
They are entirely hostile to the genius of repub-
lican llstitutions. There is nothing in the origin
of this nation which should encourage this pro-
vincial system for our Territories. I would feel
peifectly safe to allow our emigrants, with the
Bible and the common law, with the ax and the
plow, to go into the national domain and take care
