862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
name or style for the corporation—say the Wash-
ington Railroad Company. Give it a name, and
that will obviate the difficulty.
Mr. PUGH. You may call it the "Avenue
Railway Company.''
Mr. REID. That will do.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH.- I have the floor; and as the Sen-
ator from Mississippi advised his friends not to
speak all the time, I hope he will not object to
our making at least as many speeches as they do.
The Senator from New Hampshire says these
parties ask simply to be licensed. What does he
mean by that? If all they want is a right to ob-
struct the street, they can get that by application
to tfte City Councils, or by application to us. They
want to be a corporation; and unless they are a
corporation under this bill, their road cannot go
on at all. The Senator certainly does not pretend
that surviving partners can carry on the partner-
ship business. Here are three of them, Vander-
werken, Clarke, and Robinson. Suppose one of
them dies: if they are only a partnership who is
to run the road the next day? They must stop;
the survivors cannot go on with the partnership
enterprise, creating debts and liabilities against
the estate of the deceased partner;^ and all the evil
consequcnces which were depicted to us before
up to the time when my friend from North Caro-
lina agreed to make his parties a corporation, will
happen under this bill.
But I say this bill, in effect, creates these par-
ties a corporation. That is the true legal con-
struction of it. Three persons are named, and
their assigns. Who ever heard of a partnership
made in that way? Who ever heard of a license
granted in that way? I believe you may say,uVan-
derweiken & Co.;'' but when you have come to
sue, on the record you must state who the com-
pany are; but here are Vanderweiken, Clarke,
Kobinson,and their assigns. Who ever heard
of a partneiship like that before? I acknowledge
that they have not given themselves a corporate
name here, but 1 say they have given themselves
a corporate name. They have given themselves
a term of life—twenty-five years. They have
provided how the partners may assign; that cer-
tain persons not named in the bill, by the will of
these parties, may become interested in the stock
of the concern, if that is not u corporation, 1 do
not know what a corporation is. The idea of a
corporation is, that it is an entity, a legal exist-
ence separate from the individuals who compose
it; and that, when one of them dies, the corporate
enterprise nevertheless goes on. I say that, if
these gentlemen have not got a corporation under
the bill, they had better stop immediately, for the
whole thing will be at an end when the first one
of the assigns dies. But they understand that
they have got a corporation, I think, pretty dis-
tinctly; and I repeat that, though the Senator from
Vermont might not possibly agree with me off-
hand—1 do not know what he would say—1 think
if I submitted the bill to him for his opinion as a
lawyer, and he examined it deliberately, he would
tell me they were a corporation.
Mr. HALE. I lecoilect, sir, once hearing of
a man who stood on the steps of the Astor House,
in the city of New York, waiting for the proces-
sion to get by; and he never knew how long he
would have to stay. A man will have to stay
here longer than that for this debate to close; and
as it is the usual hour of adjournment, i move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 28.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina having still further modified
his amendment, it will be read again, as it now
stands.
The Secretary read the amendment, as modi-
fied, which is to strike out the words:
" Gilbert Vumlerwerken, B.uard Clarke, A?a P. Itobin-
son, and their as-sign*, aie heieby authorized. at their own
expense, to construct and Jay down a doubie-tiack rail-
way."
And in lieu thereof to insert':
The Mayoisof Washington and Georgetown shall cause
to be opened books of ^ub.^euption, -ubject to sucn regula-
tions as ili'i City Commit of'the two cities may enact; and
when the sum of §150,000  4nll have h pu subscribed, in
shares of $10U each, ihe taid subscribers s-hall be a body
corpoiate, to he called and known by the name and style
of the " Avenue Railroad Company," and shall b« author-
ized, at their own expense, to construct and lay down a
double-track railway.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make one sug-
gestion, that these matters of making corporations
here across the Chamber, will take a week. There
are no successors in the amendment, and the
subscribers will die out; so you have not got a
corporation yet.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
• YEAS—Messrs. Rates, Blight, Clay, Clingman, Davis,
Fitzpatrtck, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Jones, Mallory,Pugh, Reid, Slide!!, Toombs, and Waid
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biglor,Broderick, Brown,
Cameron, Chandlei, Clark, ColUimer, Dixon. Doohttle. Dur-
kee,Fessenden, Foot, Hale, JUsimlin, Hailan, Iverson, Ken-
nedy, King, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Thomson of New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike out, in
the first section, the words " from the west gate
of the Capitol to the city line of Georgetown,"
and insert:
Fiom the west gate of the navy-yard to High street, in
the city of Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to the
amendment. I want that understood, lest I create
some prejudice against this proposition; but to
take it to High street, in Georgetown, means to
go just across Rook creek.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is Bridge street.
, Mr. BROWN. Where is High street ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is near where the om-
nibuses now stop.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is to go piecisely where
the omnibuses now go.
Mr. BROWN. I wantto say, injustice to these
parties, that this is precisely what they petitioned
for in the beginning; but there were two obstacles.
The first obstacle, in (he committee, to going to
Georgetown, was this: had Congress the right to
authorize a private company to lay down a rail-
road in the streets of Georgetown ? Could not the
corporate authorities agree with the company to do
that without the interference of Congress ? Would
not you exceed your authority if you interfered?
The committee, after having agreed to do it, with-
drew the amendment, upon the idea that they had
no authority to commend it.
Then these parties have petitioned for the priv-
ilege of running their cars to the navy-yard; but
the committee did not grant ir, because Congress
has not been, and is not now, in acondition to say
what street they shall take, because you have not
extended your Capitol grounds. There is no dis-
position on the part of this company, and never
has been, to avoid going to the navy-yard, or to
avoid going to any point in Georgetown.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman object
to the amendment?
Mr. BROWN. Not at all; put it in.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us have it, then.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Vermont
and myself agree as to the amendment, but he
ought to put in the " north gate " instead of the
" wesf irate " of the navy-yard.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is the north gate, very
well. I mean the gate this way.
Mr. BROWN. Run to any gate about there
where vou please.
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is, in lines
seven and eight, to strike out the words " west
gate of tiic Capitol to the city line of," and insert
" from the north gate of the navy-yard to High
street in."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I offer an
amendment as mi additional section:
Jiml be it jurthcr enacted, That this act -hall not take
effect unless iatified byainajoiitv of the legally-qualified
.voter-* of the city of Washington, at the annual election to
be httld lor municipal officers on the fiitt Monday m June
next.
I believe the citizens of Washington are con-
sidered freemen. They have institutions among
them, and I think the people of this city ought to
have the same privileges that the people have in
other communities. They should have, at least,
the poor privilege of passing their judgment on
the nature and character of the institutions they
shall have among them. This bill may not tech-
nically, but it does practically, create a corpora-
tion, a monopoly, and confers upon it an import-
ant franchise, upon which, it seems to me, the
people of the city of Washington should have an
opportunity to pass.
Mr. BROWN. I only rise to ask that nobody
will reply to my friend from Tennessee, but let
us vote. It is near five o'clock, and to-morrow
we shall waste another day over this bill, unless
we get through with it now.
Mr. MASON. According to my recollection,
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ten-
nessee is a new theory of this Government, not
originating with that Senator, but originating
within a very few years in some of the free States,
as they call them—the idea that a law passed by
the competent authority is afterwards to be sub-
mitted to the popular vote. That is the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Tennessee.
Now, sir, I only wish to say this: that so far 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair begs
leave respectfully to suggest to Senators that con-
versation is so loud and so general in the Hall aa
to make itimpracticable to proceed with the busi-
ness before the body.
Mr. MASON. I wish to add only, that so far
the judiciary have declared that such laws depend-
ent on the popular will are no laws at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from Virginia is always au fait on questions
of this kind, and he seems to strike out the the-
ory that is presented in this amendment; and he
thinks it is not a very new one. It is not a new
theory, Mr. President, that the people of this
country are capable of self-government, and that
they should have the right to determine the na-
ture and character of their own institutions. In
the State of Virginia, when the constitutional con-
vention framed an organic law for the people of
that State, did they not submit that constitution
to the people for ratification or rejection? I be-
lieve that is a slave State, and not a free State. I
wonder whether most of the slave States of this
Confederacy, as well as the free States, when they
framed their organic laws, did not submit them
to the people for ratification or rejection ? Is there
anything very alarming in that? Is this the the-
ory that the gentleman is so terribly alarmed at,
that the people in this country are capable of de-
termining, and have a right to determine, the
nature and character of their own institutions?
The Senator tells us it is a theory of a free State.
I have heard of a one-idea party; and now and
then we come across one-idea individuals, per-
sons who have a particular theory or idea that
absorbs all others. This is common; most of us
have our hobbies; but it is strange, passing strange,
that no proposition can be presented here, I care
not how small nor how large it is, without its
being involved in the slavery question. Here,
when it is proposed to confer a little privilege on
the people of Washington, it is said to involve
that great question, and it is charged that the idea
had its origin in a free State. Sir, the principle
has been practiced upon from the Declaration of
Independence down to the present time, that the
people arc competent and capable of taking care
| of themselves. I hold that the people of the city
: of Washington have the same fundamental right,
the same inherent right, to determine and pass
upon the desciiption of institutions which they
will have amongst them that the people have in
other communities.
1 hope the amendment will be adopted. Has
not Congress the power to confer legislative au-
thority, as it were, on the municipal authorities of
Washington? Cannot Congress confer power
upon the corporation of Washington to grant li-
j censes to construct roads? Can it not confer the
power to incorporate companies in the District of
Columbia? It seems to me that it can. If it can
confer upon the municipal authorities the power
to grant a license of this description, can it not
make the existence of a law like this, dependent
on the ratification of the people who are the sourcc
of power ?
I have a word to say in reference to the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] with regard to the amendment
which restrains this company, or association, or
corporation, I care not by what name you call it,
from issuing bank notes or checks or anything
intended to circulate as money. The question is
raised here between legal gentlemen in this body
whether the bill does or does not create a corpo-
ration or a company. However that may be, one
thing is clear—that the bill authorizes an associa-
