1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
tion of persons to construct a railroad and to exer-
cise certai n privileges; and the query very naturally
comes up, if you confer an express grant to do a
particular thing, may they not, by construction,
deem it necessary, as an incident to carry the ex-
press grant into effect, to issue promissory notes
and put in circulation checks, as money, to enable
this company to construct this road? if this com-
pany is not a corporation, my amendment does
not affect these individuals, and does them no
harm. If it is a corporation, the amendment is
exactly right, and is offered in the right place. It
can do no harm in any event; and lest there should
be a certain construction given to the privileges to
be exercised by this company, it restrains and
defines what those privileges are.
Mr. HALE. In addition to the reasons so well
urged by the Senator from Virginia, for oppos-
ing this amendment, I think it is obnoxious to
another objection; and that is, if we refuse to in-
corporate this little horse-railroad without sub-
mitting it to the people, it would be construed by
the country—I have no idea it was so intended—
as a covert attact upon the Democratic party and
the Administration, for the course they took in
regard to the Lecompton constitution. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BROWN. I have appealed so often to
the Senate to let us get along with this bill with-
out dragging everything into the discussion, that
I feel almost abashed at asking them again.
What have squatter sovereignty, and the powers
of the Government, and all that, to do with a
question of this sort? Do let us vote, and let us
get along with the business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. That I may not interrupt the
call of the roll, I merely wish to say, that on
everry question connected with the railroad, I
liave paired off with the Senator from Louisiana,
Mr. Benjamin.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from New
York, Mr. King, and myself, have paired off on
this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,
Pugh, and Reid—5
NAYS— Mesns. Allen. Bayard, Bell, Bigler, Bright, Biod-
eriek. Grown, Cameron, Chnndler, dimmit, (Mark, Clay,
CImgttian, Collamei. Crittenden, Dixon, Doohltle, Durkee,
Fessenden. Fitcli, Kitzpatrick, Foot, Hale, llninhn, Hailan,
Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, Seward, Shield*. Simmons,
Sluiell, Thompson, of New Jersey, Ward, and Wilson—U5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. There was an amendment rela-
tive to taxation, which I suppose the Senator from
Mississippi will not object to now.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. Since other amend-
ments are in I think it had better be in. I do not
think it signifies anything.
Mr. PUGH. I move at the end of the first
section to insert,(t And that they shall have at
all times the power of taxation." These words
are to come in after the proviso subjecting the
road to the municipal regulations of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. That is what is meant. It only
makes it more specific.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I gave notice to the Senate that
I would renew the amendment which was offered
by the Senator from Maryland, not now in his
seat, [Mr. Pearce,] which was lost in committee.
1 propose to amend U by the addition of another
section.
The amendment is to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
That the Metropolitan Uailioad Company, incorporated
by an act of Assembly of Maryland, passed at the Januaiy
session 1853. chapter 198, and the subsequent amendatoiy
acts of the Legislature of Matyland, shall bt*. and they are
hereby, authorized andempnweiui to extend into and within
the Dismct of Columbia the railroad which they shall con-
stiuet or cause to be constructed in tne State of Maryland,^
and in a direction towaid the said Thstuct, m pursuance of
their said actof incoipoiation ; and the >au  .Metiopolitaa
Ilailioad Company are hereby authorized to exercise the
same poweis, rights, privileges, and immunities, and shall
be subject to the same restrictions m the extension, width,
construction, and repair of their road into and within the
District of Columbia, as they may exercise, or are subject
to, under and by virtue of their said act of incorporation in
the construction and repair of their said road within the
State of Maryland, and shall be entitled to the same lights,
compensation, benefits, privileges, aud immunities, in the
use of said road, in regard theieto, as are piovided in said
charter.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said Metro-
politan Railroad Company shall have power, and they are
hereby fully invested with the same, for constiucting,
making, and continuing their said road through the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, froimthe depot of the said
Metropolitan Railroad Company, in Geoigetown aforesaid,
to and by way of Bridge street, and thence along the street
leading from Biidge street to the aqueduct bridge across
Rock creek, at the west end of Pennsylvania avenue; and
thence along Pennsylvania avenue aud Fifteenth street to
the foot of the Capitol Hill; and thence to the north gate
of the navy-yard, and to the Baltimore and Washington
railroad station : Piovided, That the cars or carriages itm-
ning on the avenue and streets aforesaid shall be drawn by
hor&e power, and used for the transportation of passengeis
and their baggage only: And provided, also, That the com-
pany shall not receive, for the transpoi tatton of passengers,
a rate of fare exceeding five cents per passenger for the
whole, or any poition, of said road through the cities of
Washington and Geoigetown: And -provided, also, That
said railway thiough Pennsylvania avenue and the streets
afoiesaid by a double track, be laid in the center thereof,
in the most appioved manner adopted for street railways,
with a rail of grooved pattern, laid upon an even surface
with the pavement of the avenue aud streets; the space
occupied by said double track not to exceed seventeen feet
in width : A)ul jrrouded, also. That the said company shall
always keep ^aid tiaek*, and pavement* within the outer
rail, m good repair, without expense to the Government of
the United States or the governments of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown : And provided, also, That the said
railway through the cities of Washington and Geoigetown
besubject to the municipal regulation thereof respectively:
And provided, also, That, unles* said railroad thiough the
avenue anil stieets aforesaid shall he commenced previous
to the next regular session of Congics«, and be completed
within one year thereafter, and the" said railroad, fiom the
city of Georgetown to near the Point of Rocks, be com-
pleted within six years from the parage of this act, tin*, act
shall be null and void.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactedtT\v,u nothing in this
act shall prevent the Government at anv tunc, at their op-
tion, fiom altering the guide or othciwise impiovmg the
avenues or streets aforesaid
Set. 4. And be it further enacted. That Congress reserves
to itself the lmht to change, alter, repeal, or amend this act,
or any part theieof, at then plea^uie.
i Sec. And he it further enacted. That, upon the com-
pletion of said railroad, the president and duectors thereof
shall take and pay lor the carnages and horse* of Gilbert
Vanderweiken. now employed by him between Geoigetown
and the four of the Capitol hill, at a valuation to be determ-
ined by two disinterested teferee*,one to be chosen by said
Vanderwerken, and the other by the president aud direc-
tors of said Metropolitan railroad, with power to them, if
they disagree, to choose a third person a*> umpire.
Sf.c. 6. And be it fuither enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for the boatei of directois of the Metiopolitan Rail-
load Company to deelaie or pay any dividends- to "their
stockholder nut of the earnings of this branch of their load
in the city of Washington, until theii mam road from
Georgetown to their connection with the Baltnnoie and
Ohio railioad near the Point of Rocks, m Maryland, shall
be ready for public navel.
Mr. BROWN. I ask my colleague to yield for
a moment to a very brief explanation. In speak-
ing on this subject this moining, 1 was under-
stood by a very valued friend m the gallery to
say that there was not a business house on the
avenue who had not petitioned in favor of some-
body constructing this road. Since that, I have
received this note from Mr. Franck Taylor:
Dear Sir : One business name {at least) on the avenue
you have not seen on more than one side of the railroad
question—it is mv own.
Pardon me if I heard vou indistinctly, but I thought you
said iust now there was not one.
Respectfully, FRANCK TAYLOR.
If I said there was not one, I made my expres-
sion loo broad. 1 think I said I did not know of
one. That is what I meant to express. I do not
know that Mr. Franck Taylor has petitioned on
either side of the question. I want to do him that
simple act of justice.
Mr. DAVIS. Notwithstanding the numerous
petitions which have been presented,! have been
informed by persons who had some opportunity
to know—and I confess in the outset 1 have none
—that a very large majority of the property hold-
ers on Pennsylvania avenue are opposed to the
passage of this bill; that very many of them de-
sire that there should be no railroad at all upon
the avenue. It is also believed that a very laige
majority of the property holders of the city are
opposed to this bill. A proposition to refer that
question, so as to discover what the fact might be,
has met with no favor at the hands of the Senate.
I think it is but just, if we are legislating so as to
meet the wishes of the people of Washington and
Georgetown, and that appears from the fact that
we are legislating m answer to petitions, that we
should know certainly, and not by this spurious
representation ,*what the wish of the people of
Washington affd Georgetown may be. It could
only be determined by a vote; and, therefore, I
think it is but proper that the Senate should have
referred the question to the people before they at-
tempted to construct on the avenue, and in front
of the property of citizens, a road which is to
them a nuisance. The Federal Government lias
lots in Washington city, and sells them when no
such construction existed, and the purchasers
afterwards object to it. I hold that this Govern-
ment has no right to put such a structure there
unless it bp for some public use. It is not asserted
here that is for a public use; but it is only argued
that it is in answer to petitions which have been
sent in from time to time.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Maryland proposed to answer this local end, and,
at the same time, to promote an object which was
of public importance, by granting this franchise
through the cities of Georgetown and Washing-
ton, to secure the construction of a road which
would make a more rapid connection with the
West, secure a more prompt transmission of the
mails, reduce the price of all the supplies con-
sumed in Washington and Georgetown, by facil-
itating the approach Co this market, and thus con-
fer a public benefit. I think it-wasasound reason
for granting the privilege, if it was to be granted
to any corporation, to one that had these ends in
view, lather than to another. The residents of
the Mississippi valley, the Southwest and the
Northwest, are all interested in this improve-
ment; it is to them a matter of importance; and
this corporation of the State of Maryland under-
taking to construct this road from Georgetown to
the Point of Rocks, where it intersects the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad, represent the cities of
Georgetown and Washington, by the fact that
the stockholders, or the larger part of them, are
citizens of Georgetown and Washington. This
is an additional claim for the amendment over
the grant which is proposed to some individuals
not residing here.
Against this bill, too, we have had the petition
of the corporation of Georgetown, m total disre-
gard of which we are legislating. It will be re-
membered, also, that, in the newspapers and in
the air, so that every man must have have heard
it, it is spoken of as a speculation; as a proposi-
tion to give by Congress a grant to a particular
set of individuals, who would then spII it out to
somebody who would construct the road. It has
been stated to be worth from fifty to seventy-
five thousand dollars as a thing to be sold in
the market; and this the Senate seem determined
to give away to men who surely have no claim
on the legislation of the country. I hold, then,
that public considerations are entirely in favor
of the amendment which is proposed, unless it
be the will of Congress, and that has already
been decided adversely, to give to the corporations
of Geoigetownand Washington whatever benefit
may result from this passenger railway.
Against all, this, however, it has been argued
that something was due to the heroic virtue of the
men who had lobbied a bill through the House,
and brought it to the Senate; that something was
due to the pioneer in railroads; that something
was due to the fact that the persons represented
in this bill had first conceived the idea of a pas-
senger railroad in the streets of Washington.
Now, sir, I have not seen at any time, nor can I
now perceive, the obligation to reward the heroic
virtue of lobbying around either House of Con-
gress. I turn rather with shame and mortification
from the fact that either House can thus be ap-
proached, and that it can constitute a reason for
our legislation. In the very outset of this debate,
we were told of the importunity of persons who
wanted this charter; the importunity of persons,
this company and others rival to it; and members
proclaimed their desire to get rid of the further
disturbance of their peace. I know not how it
ma y be with others; I have not been disturbed; I
do not fear that I shall be disturbed. I have seldom
known a citizen who would attempt to instruct
me in the performance of my duty, and never a
man who would ask me to depart from what I
considered proper, in order that I might subserve
his pecuniary inteiest. Being exampt from such
pressure,! have not felt the force of the argument,
and would very much prefer to postpone the
whole subject to a time when it may be more
calmly viewed, my tendency being, as it has been,
