1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
then refuse to repay it for doing what humanity
required it to do, in saving the lives and property
of our people, when this Government had failed
to do so.  
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. P. BLISS,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BLISS said:
Mr. Chairman: I voted the other day for the
suspension of the rules to enable the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] to introduce
his tariff bill. I did not hence consider myself
bound to vote for the bill, but was only in favor
of some change-, of again bringing the matter be-
fore Congress that we might remedy some of the
wrongs of the tariff of 1857. As I understood the
details of that bill, from its reading in the House,
I could not approve them all. It discriminated
too highly in favor of some articles, and would
raise too large a revenue. But as a Represent-
ative of a purely agricultural district, one that
from the intelligent industry of its inhabitants
and the bounty of its soil will necessarily prosper
without regard to tariffs, I am willing to be lib-
eral towards the forge and the loom, and willing
to yield them such incidental protection as the
Constitution, public economy, and justice to all,
will permit.
I shall say nothingof free trade. Its policy has
had able and eminent champions; it was ably de-
fended in a report made last session by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, now before me, [Mr.
Boyce,] and the arguments are not without weight.
But it js not now a practical question. Whenever
any paity, or consideiable number of men, shall
seriously propose free trade and direct taxation
as a practical measure, I will then consider it; but
I do not now propose to deal in abstractions.
Differing, then, as I do, from either extreme
upon this question, I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to a skeleton, or brief, of my views upon
the principles upon which the tariff should be
adjusted; and whenever the Ways and Means
Committee shall bring forward a bill, conforming
to those principles, 1 will vote for it.
And first: what are our constitutional powers?
for no one can be supposed to desire to go beyond
them.
The Constitution provides that Congress shall
have power "to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
posts," &c., %t to pay the debts, and provide for
the common defense," &c. Thus, the power to lay
and collect duties is clear and undisputed. The
object seems to be equally clear, which is, a rev-
enue to pay the debts, &c. Revenue must be the
prime, the leading object. An assessment of
taxes/or any other object, is not a usurpation of
power, but an abuse of power expressly granted,
though for another purpose; like an exercise by
a court of an admitted jurisdiction for an unwar-
rantable end. Though not in strictness uncon-
stitutional, it is yet an equally unjustifiable abuse
of a constitutional power. Such exercise of
power would, hence, not be void, and no State
or court could so declare it; yet we are under a
strong, a constitutional obligation, not so to ex-
ercise it.
This revenue object does not bind us to disre-
gard all other considerations. All powers are to
be exeiciscd so as not to oppress any, but as far
as posmble to benefit the whole. If action upon
a given power operates oppressively, the power
should not be cxercised. If one mode of its ex-
ercise be more beneficial than another, that mode
should be adopted. R-evcnue is our object; but
have we a right to pursue that object reckless of
public and private interests ? In dnect taxation,
we tax to raise money; but we are not bound,
hence, to tax every thing alike. We may tax land,
and nothing elnc; specific property of any kind,
and nothing else; or we may put one rate upon
the former, and another upon the latter. We may
abuse tiie powei; we should txercisc it so as to
pioiiiote the general good. So of nnpoits. Our
ouject is revenue; but we may raise that revenue
Nr.w Series—No. 16.
from cioth, or iron, or whatever we choose. In
deciding from what to raise it, we should look to
the iacidental benefit or injury to the community
tfjat will arise from any particular assessment.
The only, constitutional restriction is that the as-
sessment shall be uniform throughout the United
States—th^t we tax a yard of cloth the same in
Maine and Louisiana, a pound of tea the same in
Ohio and Georgia.
To the claim that an assessment for revenue is
inconsistent with any other object; that an assess-
ment with reference to other objects is an assess-
ments/or those objects, I reply by comparing it to
an assignment for the benefit of a creditor. The
debtor has a right, by the general law, to prefer
a creditor. If that be a direct, a leading object,
it is an honest transaction, though driven to it by
pressing creditors, and though thereby they be
hindered and delayed in the collection of their
debts. But if his object be thus to hinder and de-
lay, it is a fraudulent, and not an honest trans-
action, though an honest creditor be preferred.
In the one case there is a direct assignment for
an honest purpose, with an incidental injury to
others; in the other, a direct injury to others, with
an incidental honest result. The motive, the
leading object, decides the conformity with law
in the same transaction. And so with taxation.
The direct object is revenue, though assessed
with reference to the injury or benefit to the
people thereby resulting. But if the direct object
bg thus to inj«te or benefit, though money thereby
come into the Treasury, it is an abuse of power,
because exercised for an unconstitutional object.
It is also claimed that a tariff to be for revenue
should be horizontal, i. e. assessed equally upon
all imports. But why should this be? If the
object be the greatest amount of revenue, the du-
ties should be discriminating; the highest on ar-
ticles we must import, the loweston what we can
dispense with, or produce at home. The fact that
such a tariff would act oppressively is, on that
supposition, nothing, so long as it would bring a
greater revenue. No; we are not bound to raise
a great revenue, but should raise the least sum
necessary, and in such way as least to oppress.
There is not a power granted in the Constitution
but should be exercised with discretion and dis-
crimination, always with reference to the same
great end; otherwise, we might as well have an
automaton government.
There is, then, a radical difference in principle
between a tariff for protection and a tariff for rev-
enue with incidental protection. The former is
a quasi unconstitutional tariff, because laid for an
unconstitutional object; the latter is strictly con-
stitutional, because laid for a constitutional ob-
ject, and with reference to the general obligations
that should control the exercise of all powers.
Granted the power to discriminate: I next in-
quire how duties should be laid, and how they
should discriminate?
Under the fust inquiry, they should be so laid,
either with reference to the number of articles
taxed, or the amount upon each article, as to raise
a limited revenue. Large revenues are the great
source of corruption; they should be kept at the
lowest point consistent with the objects of Gov-
ernment.
They should also be laid specifically when pos-
sible. Ad- valorem duties are not uniform. They
discriminate against our own importers; they in-
vite fraud and perjury; they are a constant source
of disagreement between the collector and im-
poitei, and of doubt and uneeitainty in the home
producer. There is something specious—in itself
it is just—in taxing according to value; and, if
all imports possessed a uniform and standard
value, ad valorem duties would answer. But value
is, to a great extent, imaginary and speculative.
The same article precisely will vary in estimated
value more than the amount of the duty, both at
the same and at diffeient ports. Agents of for-
eign houses may invoice at any price tliey deem
safe without reference to their own estimate, even,
of value. A bounty is offered to a fraudulent
invoice, sustained by a false oath; and, by a col-
lusion between the importer and his foreign cor-
respondent, aH detection can be avoided; anditis
easy to see the controversies that may arise from j
these contests as to mere value, if the collectors '
are honest and vigilant. Jtd raiorem duties, even j
if hoaestly laid, are fluctuating;—Lowest when
prices are lowest, an$ highest v/iiefl scarce and
the price ii? high; iliuis taxing our necessities,
offering a bounty to extravagance, and leaving
the home producer ever uncertain 99" to the ex-
tent of kig foreign competition. The Government
aids the foreign producer to flood the country by
falling when he fells; and,again, gives an unnat-
ural stimulus to home production by increasing
the duty vvhenever he increases his price.
Upon the second inquiry, there must necessa-
rily be some difference of opinion, but it seems
to me that the settlement of a few things will
greatly aid our conclusions.
First, we should admit, free of duty, what has
become a necessary of life, and which cannot, or
will not, be sufficiently produced at home. A tax
upon tea, coffee, sugar, most dye-stuffs, spices,
&c., is a simple tax on consumption. We can-
not produce them in sufficient abundance, and the
importer or foreign producer has no motive for
reducing the price to meet home competition.
The assessment, then, increases the price by the
amount, or very neaily the amount of the tax, and
becomes a direct assessment on the consumer, and
not a participation in the foreign profit?. On the
other hand, a tax upon articles that we produce,
and can indefinitely produce at home, operates in-
cidentally to divide with Government the foreign,
and perhaps in part the domestic, profits on such
imports, by causing a reduction of price to induce
purchase; and also operates to assure the home
producer that so great reduction cannot be made
as to ruin him, and leave any profit at all to the
foreign producer. Thus assured, he may freely
invest; and home competition will in many, if not
in all, such articles, reduce the price to the con-
sumer, below even that of the foreign article.
This is illustrated in a vast variety of home pro-
ducts once imported.
But the object is not so much to protect capital
as labor. Labor produces capital and capital em-
ploys labor. They are necessary to each other;
their best relation is when centered in the same
person. The laborer should own the capital; the
capitalist should be the laborer. This is so with
the great body of the working men of northern
Ohio, outside of the cities. The farmer works
his own farm; the mechanic labors in his own
shop, and the merchant sells his own goods.
True, labor is there sold, but mainly as a tempo-
rary expedient to enable the laborer to acquire a
small capital upon which to bestow his own la-
bor. Hence, intelligence, morality, thrift. The
school-house smiles at every four comers, and
churches point to heaven from every township.
Public honesty and public justice are demanded
by private virtue, while the land-robber, the man-
steaier, and the demagogue fiee to crowded dens
or darkened plains. But in the cities and larger
manufactories, the capitalist buys his labor ill the
open maiket, paying according to skill and to de-
mand. Capital is strong, and can always take
care of itself; its tendency to accumulation needs
no encouragement. It can always find some in-
vestment that will sufficiently swell its bulk. It
can only demand from Government protection in
its free enjoyment, and that it receives from the
States. To bounties in any shape, it is not enti-
tled. But it is better for the State, for all, that
capital be employed in production than in ex-
change, merely; for production adds positive
wealth to the community, and increases the de-
mand, stimulates the skill, and hence adds to the
rewards of labor. Even when the laborer unfor-
tunately is contented to permanently woik for
others, we find an astonisliing difference between
the rude and skilled, both in character and re wards.
I know communities where skilled labor now
commands from two to five dollars perday, where
fifty cents and one dollar was once a high reward,
and is still a reward for rude employments. New
directions of capital have demanded brain, as well
as hand, and it must pay accordingly. We should
encourage capital to demand both brain and
hand.
Without capital either in the laborers, hands or
seeking his aid, he is poor indeed. This is illus-
trated in all communities when the capitalist owns
his labor. Capital is then independent of labor,
indeed, it is labor, for labor when owned is mere
capital. Hence the poor who are not owned, and
