864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
against the construction of any railroad on Penn-
sylvania avenue.
In 1854, when the subject was discussed, the
House ofRepresentativesdecided that they would
not permit a road to be constructed there. I think
they then wisely decided that the connection be-
tween the depot at Washington and Georgetown
.should b^ made upon the back streets, and not
upon the thoroughfare which connects the Presi-
dent's house and the Capitol. Looking u pon Con-
gress as the Legislature of the District, notelected
by the inhabitants of the District, it seems to me
there was peculiar force in the proposition of the
Senator fropn Tennessee to learn the wishes ofthe
people ofthe District in relation to the legislation
we would adopt for them. They have no rep-
resentative here, no delegate to speak for them;
and when the controversy arose in the Senate as
to whether the people of Washington and George-
town desired this oil! to pass the Senate or not,
when views so very conflicting were entertained,
it seemed to me to be the natural corollary of that
proposition, that we should refer to the people
themselves the question, and ascertain the truth.
If gentlemen arc confident in their assertions that
a very large majority of the people of this District
desire this roau to be built, then surely they lose
nothing, save a very short time, by referring it to
the people and allowing them to vote.
In relation, however, to the question of prior-
ity of claim, my friend from Iowa [Mr. Jones]
has stated the history of the omnibuses in this
city, and has destroyed all claim to the first in-
troduction of omnibuses here by these parties.
Now I propose to show that they have no claim
to priority for this idea of a railroad.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way
a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. ["Oh! no."]
Mr. DAVIS, I hope the Senate is not to ad-
journ on the idea that 1 have a set speech to make.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—aves 9, noes 26.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going on to state some-
what the history of the application for legislation
in relation to this-particular matter. At the sec-
ond session of the f hirty-Second Congress, a bill
was passed, and approved March 3, 1853, grant-
ing the right of way through the District of Co-
lumbia to a company, whenever incorporated by
the State of Maryland, to lay out and construct a
railroad from any point in connection with the
Balnmore and Ohio railroad, at or near the Point
of Rocks, to Georgetown. The General Assem-
bly of the State of Maryland, at the session of
1853, passed an act to incorporate the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company, to construct a railroad
from Georgetown to Hagerstown, crossing the
mam stem of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, near
the Point of Rocks. Then the act of Congress
which had anticipated this, induced theapplication
to Congress on the 15th of April, 1854, of the
board of directors of the Metropolitan railroad,
who, by their president and secretary, presented
a memorial to Congress, asking for the right to
connect the terminus of their road in Georgetown,
as fixed by the acts before recited, with the station
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, m the city of
Washington, by such ways, streets, and avenues,
as that company might select. It was then under-
stood that they would most naturally select Penn-
sylvania avenue. It was then the feeling, which
has been expressed with so much force by my
colleague in the course of this debate, that Penn-
sylvania avenue, the most beautiful object ofthe
city of Washington, should be preserved intact.
A majority of the House then occupied the posi-
tion which my colleague declared, but has not
sustained by his vote, of opposition to laying
down a track in Pennsylvania avenue. The con-
sequence was, that the bill passed the House of
Representatives on the 20th of December, 1854,
granting the right,butexceptmgspecialiy Pennsyl-
vania avenue; but the bill was not acted on in the
Senate, so that the Metropolitan railroad has not
the right to enter the city of Washington. It has
been asserted time and again, that the act giving
that right existed. I have asked for the act time
and again, and nobody has been able to find it.
AIn the Thirty-Fourth Congress, on the 11th of
ifebjiiary, ..1856) a similar memorial was pre-
sented, asking again to connect the terminus of
the road in Georgetown, with the Washington
depot, by such ways, streets, and avenues, as the
company might select, and was referred, in both
Houses, to the Committees on the District of Co-
lumbia. On the 15th of May, 1856, a like memo-
rial was presented from the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, ^y the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward.] This year several memorials
have been presented asking the Senate to amend
the House bill now under consideration, by sub-
stituting the Metropolitan R.ailroad Company for
the corporators named in the bill. The House
bill (No. 541) for a railroad along Pennsylvania
avenue, the one now before us, passed the House
on the 25th of May, 1858, and was referred in the
Senate on the 2d of June, 1858.
This constitutes the whole foundation of the
claim which has been presented. This shows the
opposition on the part of the Metropolitan Com-
pany, by the constant presentation of their case,
the encouragement they had by the act of Con-
gress to believe that in the fullness of time they
would get this grant; yet now it is said that they
come m as interlopers, to snatch the prey from
one who has already nearly got it.
These memorials, presented in the Thirty^Third,
Thirty-Fourth,and Thirty-Fifth Congresses, and
appropriately referred, show that the Metropolitan
Railroad Company has notcomc in at the eleventh
hour. These memorialists also asked aid from
Congress for the construction of the road within
the limits of the Dictnct; butas an equivalentfor
such aid the Metropolitan Railroad Company of-
fered to transport the mails, munitions of war,
troops, public stores, &c., without charge to the
United States. That is not asked form this amend-
ment. It having been found that capitalists and
railroad contractors were not willing to take hold
of the work until the charter granted by the Gen-
eral Assembly of Maryland, m 1853,was ame nded,
and the connection through Washington was ob-
tained from Congress, the directors of the com-
pany concluded to suspend their work, which had
been commenced in grading some two miles in
Montgomery county, until these objects should
be attained and the hard times in the railroad in-
terest should become better. It has been stated
that this amendment of the charter does not re-
lieve them from the obligation to go to Hagers-
town; but here a confusion has occurred m rela-
tion to the time when that amendment was made.
The caption to the amendment represents it to be
supplemental to the act of 1853. It was passed in
1856. It is the same which 1 had occasion to read
from the other day to the Senate. At the session
of the General Assembly of Maryland, on the 6th
of March, 1856, the charter was amended as asked
by the company, and Congress has been urged to
grant the right to extend the road into Washing-
ton and make the connection with the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad there. So far they have sought
it without effect.
Since 1853, the engineer of the company has
urged upon the directors the great importance of
securing the valuable franchise of a track along
Pennsylvania avenue as an auxiliary to the road,
and it has never been lost sight of for a moment
by the directors having that matter in charge, or
by the engineer, whose opinion that such a fran-
chise would insure the completion of the road
to the Point of Rocks, has been confirmed by those
of railroad engineers and leading railroad mana-
gers, so that it now comes before us with all this
authority to sustain the opinion that the connec-
tion with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot
in this city will expedite, and will probably se-
cure, the construction of the road to the Point of
Rocks. It has been argued, in the course of this
debate, that that construction was an impossibil-
ity—a thing not to be attained. The amendment
which is now presented is to show the good faith
of that company, by putting them under obliga-
tions not to take this franchise with any expecta-
tion of profit from it, but to bind them to make
j no dividend until the road is completed to the
! Point of Rocks, thus securing the ena which it has
| been so often asserted was not to be expected from
| any grant which could be made to the Metropol-
itan Company.
With these views, both as to all the claims
which have been set up and the application upon
us to give something to these men who have been
so successful in lobbying; and as to the public con-
siderations which would prompt us to grant this
franchise to the Metropolitan Company, in pref-
erence to any other within this District, I nave
only to say that I have never before heard such
laudation of men, who, m the pursuit of their
own interest, have established a line of omni-?
buses to run in the city, and have afforded a sort
of facility to it, it is true. Never did I imagine?
that we should reach the point in congressional
legislation when it would be thought a reason'for
passing a law beneficial to particular persons, that
they had been most active in urging their claim
and procuring the passage of a bill through one
of the two Houses of Congress. I hold it to be a
curse in legislation, that such things as lobby
men can ever be tolerated about either of the two
Houses of Congress. I hold it to bo an obliga-
tion on every member of either House of Con-
gress to repel, as an insolent assumption on the
part of any one who comes to instruct him in tho
manner in which he shall vote, or by soliciting to
tyrn him from that path of duty which, as a rep-
resentative, he is bound to pursue. So far, then,
from giving a reward to encourage the collection
of this swarm of lobby members, it constitutes
with me an additional objection to the passage of
the bill which is now before the Senate. I only
again ask a vote of the Senate, without much en-
couragement from that which has gone before,
for the substitute I have now offered, with the
amendment I have attached to it.
Mr. BROWN. I have so often to-day, appealed
to the Senate for a vote on this question on every
point presented, that of course I am not prepared
now to occupy any time; but my colleague said, a
little while ago, that I had made opposition to this
railroad on the avenue which I had not sustained
by my vote. I thought I had explained thatlhe-
fore. If I did not, I will do it now.
I was opposed to putting any railroad upon the
avenue, and I am now; but I said, to-day, as I
said on Saturday, that that opposition had not
been sustained by any public sentiment, in the
committee of which I am a member, in the Sen-
ate, or in Washington. As evidence of it, I cited
the fact that the committee had instructed me to re-
port the bill against my own sentiment; that the
Senate had sustained it in every vote against my
sentiment; and that in the city, the people almost
unanimously had petitioned for it in one form or
another.
I know there may be a majority against this
company, as I said before, as there would be a
majority against any other company. I said this
morning, as I say now, that there are some six
applicants for this franchise; and if you propose
to give it to one of the six, the other five will com-
bine against that one. You may abandon this
one, and take any other one of the six, and the
remaining five will combine against that. But
so far as my point is concerned, that there ought
to be no railroad on the avenue at all, I have con-
sidered it as a foregone conclusion, not only by
the sentiment of the committee of which I hoi a
member, but the sentiment of the people of Wash-
ington, and the sentiment of the Senate. I gave
it up precisely at the point where I felt I was not
sustained at all by anybody, or by any sentiment
that was worth standing on. I say to-day, as I
said before, and I hope my colleague will take
note of it, that if I had any assurance that you
c;ould crush this whole thing out, and that this
beautiful avenue, stretching from the gate of the
Capitol to the President's house, and thence to
Georgetown, could be in perpetuity preserved
against the innovation of railroads, that is my
stand point; right there I will plant myself; but
everybody can see from the sentiment of the Sen-
ate; everybody can see from the sentiment in the
District of Columbia; that we are not sustained
here, and not sustained by the people of Wash-
ington, in taking any such stand.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood my colleague be-
fore, as he asked me to take note of what he says
now, that he declared himself opposed to the con-
struction of a road on the avenue, and then I took
note also that when we attempted to make amend-
ments, when we proposed to postpone, he said
that would be the death of the bill, and he strug-
gled most manful ly against that sacrifice of a meas-
ure to which he was opposed.
Mr. BROWN. And why, Mr. President ? Be-
cause, as I said before, I foresaw that a railroad
was to be put upon the avenue, and if it had to
