242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
have nothing but labor to sell are truly poor, for
there is no demand for their only wares. It is no
wonder that in those communities where labor is
thus owned, the miseries of the poor, who cannot
sell their labor, should suggest the dogma, that all
laborers better their condition by becoming slaves,
and that labor instead of being free, should be
owned and represented by capital.
The object being to protect labor, and not cap-
ital, we should not discriminate in favor of the
products of mere capital. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kunkel,] has shown us to-
day that pig-metal, the first and coarsest produc-
tion of ore and coal, represents nine parts of
labor to one of capital. This being so—this labor
being labor in fact, and not mere capital—iron
comes within the category of articles entitled to
incidental protection. On the other hand, sugar
—I refer to that which alone is a staple of com-
merce, and not to the amateur sweets of the
north—is the product of capital alone. Capital
represents the land, the machinery, and the hands
—not laborers in any proper sense—who work
the whole. It is all capital, and being merely so,
is not entitled to this Federal protection. You
might as well lay a duty upon foreign loans, in
order to protect nigh rates of interest at home, as
thus to augment the profits of capital, unconnected
with those benefits to labor I have before indi-
cated.
The day will come—would that I could live to
see it—when labor and capital shall not have even
the appearance of antagonism; when the laborer
shall have such intellectual, and, especially, such
moral cultivation, as shall give him a skill, and
especially inspire an economy and mutual trust
that shall induce him to preserve a portion of the
capital his labor creates, and, by its union, trans-
fer the largest establishments to the ownership of
those who work them. But the day of associa-
tion will not come till the great West shall cease
to bid for the highest genius and enterprise of the
eastern laborer, till he is compelled to devote his
energies to the improvement of his condition at
home.
The blunder of those who have hitherto sought
the incidental protection that tariffs can afford has
been in placing too great reliance upon it; in de-
manding that Government so tax imports as to
enable them to control the home market at a per-
manently higher price than that of the same im-
ported article. This is wrong in principle; for,
first, it seems to be laying duties lor the sake of
protection merely, which is an unconstitutional
object; and, second, it ia giving a bounty to the
home producer at the expense of the consumer.
The latter will never permanently bear such a
discrimination, and simply because it is unjust;
and such producer can never foci sure of his mar-
ket. Another evil, in placing too great reliance
upon a tariff, is the liability to lose sight of other
things that depress production. The country is
slowly recovering from its recent gambling mania.
The use of money, cost of living, rents, salaries,
wages, everything was almost doubled. Produc-
tion must cease, or its profits increase also. The
latter could not be; hence disaster, not for want
of a tariff, but because of the universal inflation.
For this mania we are indebted, m part, to con-
gressional action in regard to the public lands.
As if the ordinary stimulant of cheap lands at
rising prices were not enough, we issued millions
of lanu scrip, on pretense of benefiting old sol-
diers, but really to aid speculation; and gave mil-
lions to railroads, which were already, and with-
out such stimulus, too rapidly swamping the
capital of the country. The amount of American
capital buried in wild lands and lailroads that
yield no profit is enormous. 1 cannot even con-
jecture it. These investments have diverted cap-
ital from industrial pursuits, and the eountrymust
have enjoyed an astonishing prosperity, to enable
us to bear its practical loss as well as we do. No
tariff could have applied a remedy. Let us all
unite in absolutely withholding any more public
lands from market, furnishing only to the actual
settler a single farm; let us' no longer stimulate
our already overgrown railroad system; and let
us be content with a moderate tariff, specifically
and honestly laid, and I doubt not the business
of the country will soon right itself, and capital
seek its natural channel in production.
I do not know that, since the passage of the
agricultural college bill, any attempt to correct
our land system will be of any use. Agricultural
colleges, bo desirable in themselves, can never
compensate for a new flood of land scrip; and if
speculation has not already happily exhausted
itself, we shall see such diversions of capital, for
substantially gambling purposes, as shall con-
tinue to embarrass all production, and curse the
new States and Territories. Permit me here to
say, that in the establishment of agricultural col-
leges in the States, and in the transfer to them of
this funds, either in lands or their proceeds, now
used in the agricultural department of the Patent
Office, I have for many years felt a deep interest.
Actuated by these feelings, and without suffi-
ciently examining its details, I last winter voted
for the agricultural college bill. That vote was
wrong; for, though the object is a good one, I
fear the provisions of the bill will cause more evil
to the West, more injury to the morals and busi-
ness of the community, than any good that can
spring from it. And, besides, it must render use-
less the homestead bill, by far the most beneficent
measure before us. I hence voted to kill it, when
the amendments came from the Senate; and in
doing so, regretted that I was compelled to sepa-
rate from a majority of those with whom it is
ever my delight to act. Some say the President
will veto it. 1 know he wants money, and per-
haps will. But his reasons against it must be
the antipodes of mine, whatever hSfesigns. He
lives by corrupt speculations, and is the deadly
enemy of the homestead; it now hangs upon the
gallows erected by his friends in the Senate.
I then conclude this generalization of my views,
by urging the friends of economy in administra-
tion, of labor and its fair reward, of the protec-
tion of capital in its legitimate use, and of the
Constitution, and the honest use of its powers, to
unite in such a tariff as shall not tempt extrava-
gance, oppress labor, unduly stimulate capital,
and such as's warranted by the letter and spirit
of the Constitution.
We should not increase our present revenue;
we have an abundance for any honest Adminis-
tration; and I had rather it were less, than more.
But we can increase the free list, at least, by add-
ing sugar and molasses, if not salt; as on no prin-
ciple are articles of local and limited production,
especially if the necessaries of life, entitled to dis-
criminating protection. We can then lay an hon-
est and specific duty upon the bulk of our imports;
one not so heavy as to cause complaint and ren-
der it unstable, and yet one that'shall make the
producer feel that we show some sympathy be-
tween him and his foreign competitor.
I have not spoken of details. They must be
the subject of investigation and compromise. Yet
they must not be so adjusted as to sacrifice, or
even seem to sacrifice, the interests of one class,
or section, to the greed of another. We have had
enough of that.
I shall not soon forget the tariff struggle of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. Even when Massachu-
setts was freshly smarting"from keenest insults,
1 saw her turn her back upon her friends and join
hands with those who had given and sustained
those insults to obtain a petty advantage over
the wool-growers of my State. The day that
tariff went into operation, our staple wool fell
full ten cents per pound; and with reason; for, by
the tariff of 1857, woolens are subjected to twenty-
four per cent, duty, while common wool was
made practically free. Our farmers are able to
endure it; they know the dignity and feel the in-
dependence of personal, self-reliant, intelligent
labor, and they can live with all their products
free, and have money to devote to the education
and outfit of their children. They are not in the
habit of grumbling, and are usually far more fearful
of Federal intermeddling than neglect. Yet, they
have eyes, and can see; a sense of justice, and
can perceive; and they can neither see nor per-
ceive why all their products—their wheat, their
wool, their pork, their beef—should be left to
compete with the world, while sugar and linens
and woolens, and iron in its endless forms, and
every product, indeed, of eastern shop or south-
ern field, are fosteied with paternal care. She
may, on the whole, be better off without Fed-
eral nursing. I have sometimes thought it rather
perpetuated infancy than developed manhood;
but still, the child who is made to generate his
own heat at the wood-pile, can hardly help won-
dering why his brother warms at the cozy fire,
even though the outer wood-pile may give highest
health and more permanent heat.
The great Northwest welcomes all the competi-
tion invited by the Canada reciprocity treaty.
We do it cheerfully, because, first, we are able to
compete with our neighbor; if not, we are will-
ing to give under. Second, we love Canada and
its people. They are bone of our bone, and we
hope will soon become flesh of our flesh. Third,
we receive a consideration in the freedom of the
St. Lawrence, and we are just beginning to im-
prove that freedom. Cleveland has begun by
sending ten vessels to Europe the past season; and
as our good neighbors shall enlarge their canals,
(for we expect nothing from the United States
while in the hands of the enemies of labor and
enterprise, it is too busy looking after ebony in
Cuba and elsewhere,) we will make the Gulf of St.
Lawrence white with our commerce. So please
do not. understand us as complaining of free trade
with Canada.
But when you look to the South American
pampas for your sheep pastures, make us who,
as well as you, demand the luxuries of civiliza-
tion, compete with shepherds who hang their
hammock to the nearest tree, or make the ground
their bed; whose pasture is free to all, and ever
green; and whose only labor with his flocks is to
watch and shear them; we can but ask why you,
too, are not willing to compete with cheap labor
and cheap capital ? No, gentlemen; you that ask
favors must be just; and while we will yield you ,
the coarsest wool, which is beneath us, free, if
you desire, and, by a specific duty, the finest,
which is beyond us, nearly so, we are not willing
you should have all the discrimination in your
favor.   
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. W. W. BOYCE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on tile
state of the Union—
Mr. BOYCE said:
Mr. Chairman: The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates the expenditures for the next fiscal year,
including the Post Office deficiency of $4,000,000,
at $77,000,000. This is independent of the inter-
est on the public debt, and provision for the grad-
ual payment of the debt itself. The increase from
the public lands, which the Secretary sets down
at $3,200,000per annum, will be required to meet
the public debt. The question, therefore, arises
whether we can raise $77,000,000 by the tariff. It
is very doubtful whether this amount could be
raised by any modification of the tariff, even
though made exclusively with a view to revenue;
but it is perfectly certain that no such amountcan
be raised by a modification in the interest of the
protective policy. Itis well understood,that those
generally speaking in this House? who are de-
sirous of remodeling the tariff, desire to do so with
a view of giving additional protection to certain
leading forms of industry, especially to the iron
interest. The object of the higher duties proposed
is to diminish imports. We cannot, therefore,
have protective duties, and $77,000,000 of reve-
nue.
The existing tariff—the tariff of 1857—was en-
acted on account of the large surplus that had
accumulated under the tariff of 1846. The aver-
age expenditures, exclusive of payments on ac-
count of the public debt, during Mr. Pierce's
administration, were between $48,000,000 and
$49,000,000. It was considered that this was suf-
ficient to carry on the Government, and the tariff
of 1857 was adopted with the expectation that it
would yield about $50,000,000. I voted for the
tariff of 1857, not because it was a perfect tariff
in reference to the revenue principle, but because
it was a reduction upon the tariff of 1846, and a
step in the right direction. One of the chief points
of controversy, in arranging the duties under the
