1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Boyce.
Ho. of Reps.
tariff of 1357, was in the article of wool. Under the
tariff of 1846 wool was protected by a duty of thirty
per cent. The woolen manufacturers objected
to this duty as discriminating against them and
giving a preference to their rivals in England,
who obtained their raw material free of duty.
They demanded that the quality of wool they
needed should be admitted free, and their manu-
factures of wool put m the twenty-four per cent,
schedule. This was done, they were satisfied, and
aided efficiently in carrying through the new tariff.
There was a collision between the wool-growers
and the wool manufacturers. The wool manufac-
tures exercised a more potent influence, and the
victory rested with them, which we of the South
were willing to, as it was a concession necessary
to insure the passage of the bill, as it antagonized
the wool-grower and the wool manufacturer, and
promised us cheap woolen goods—a result en-
tirely satisfactory to us.
The cotton manufacturers were contented, be-
cause ordinary cotton goods were put in the
twenty-four per cent, schedule; and bleached,
printed, or dyed cotton goods, were put at thirty
per cent. The extension of the free list was sat-
isfactory to certain other manufacturers. The iron
interest was least contented; but it was left iso-
lated, and was powerless. I was not satisfied
with the tariff of 1857 myself, because too large
a proportion of the duties was thrown on articles
of prime necessity: as cotton, iron, and woolen
manufactures, and sugar. These articles, being
of universal consumption, too large a share of the
burden of taxation was thrown on the laboring
classes. The result has shown the correctness
of tins opinion; for, under the tariff of J 857, nearly
one half of ail the duties have been collected from
these articles. 1 further objected to this tariff,
that it recognized the principle of protection; that
it taxed cotton manufactures twenty-four, and in
some instances thirty per cent., woolens twenty-
four, sugar twenty-four,and brought silks down
to nineteen per cent. I was also unwilling to con-
tinue tea and coffee on the free list, as being arti-
cles not produced m this country: they were pe-
culiarly suited to produce revenue duties, as there
would be no indirect tax upon them.
If I could have modified the tanff according to
my own ideas, 1 would have entirely abandoned
the policy of laying duties for protection, but
dealt with the tariff simply as a means of raising
revenue; though I am wellawaie that any tariff
that could be devised would operate practically
to afford protection, in a greater or less degree.
Further, 1 would have placed the lowest possible
rates of duty on articles uf prime necessity, so as
to bear as lightly as possible on the productive
(lasses, and throw as much burden as possible,
consistent with revenue piinciples, on aitides of
luxury consumed by the rich. As regards the
free list, I would nut have made it embrace tea
and coffee; butl did not object to embracing m
it the raw material of domestic manufactures; as ;
the only result of doing so is to cheapen produc-
tion, which will be a benefit to the whole coun-
try. But not haying the power to remodel the
tariff according to my own ideas, the question
was, whether I would take the tariff of 1857, or
the tanff of 1846 r Between these two, 1 gieatly
pieferred thetanffof 1857; fust, because the aver-
age rate of duty was lower, being a fraction over
seventeen per cent, under the tariff of 1857, and
a fraction over twenty-three under the tariff of
1846; second, because it promised a substantial
induction of revenue to the extent of about
$8,U00>000; third, because it was a step in the right
direction.
I ought not, however, to overlook an import-
ant advantage in the tariff of 1857 over the tariff
of ]84G, in lefetcnce to our trade with France. 1
allude to the duties on wines and brandies. By
the tariff of 1846, they were placed in the one
hundred per cent, schedule; by the tariff of 1857,
they were reduced to the thirty per cent, sched-
ule. I thought this a decided benefit to the South;
because our chief exports to France are tobacco
and cotton, and a large portion of our exports
from France arc wines and brandies. It was
cleaily beneficial to the South to remove all un-
necessary impediments to this trade. Under the
eiicuiiistances which I have alluded to, the tariff
of 1857 went into operation apparently with more
favor than any tariff which had recently been
enacted.
Unfortunately, a disastrous commercial revul-
sion fell upon the country shortly after the tariff
of 1857 went into operation, by which the imports
fell off for the last fiscal year $90,000,000, and
consequently reduced the revenue to $43,000,000.
That this deficiency is accidental and temporary
is very clear, because the revenue for the two
first quarters of the present fiscal year are a little
over $26,000,000, showing a revival of trade
steadily going on. I feel satisfied that the estimate
of the Secretary of the Treasury of $56,000,000,
as the productof the tariff for the nextfiscal year,
is sufficiently near the mark. The Secretary es-
timates that he will have in the Treasury for the
next fiscal year, including balance on hand of old
appropriations, customs, public lands, and mis-
cellaneous, $69,0G3,298 57. This, in reference to
the estimated expenditures for the next fiscal year,
will leave a deficiency of $7,914,576. This defi-
ciency, however, is caused by a supposed expend-
iture of $71,234,633, independent of the Post Office
deficiency. Is this large expenditure necessary?
I think not. I think we can reduce the expendi-
tures of the Government $20,000,000. Under a
system of direct taxation the reduction of expend-
iture would be even greater than this. Towards
the close of Mr. Pierce's administration, Mr.
Guthrie, Secretary of the Treasury, reported that
the annual expenditures of the Government, for
the preceding five years, excluding payments of
the public debt and #10,000,000 paid for the Gads-
den purchase, but little exceeded $48,000,000.
Surely that was not a period of peculiar economy; I
indeed quite reverse was the ease, if $48,000,000 !
was sufficient, during the administration of Mr. i
Pierce, when the large surplus rendered extrava- i
gance almost a necessity, why cannot wegetalong
now with that sum by proper economy ? There
is no reason why.
Again: in 1821 our total expenditures were
$9,784,154 59, at which time the population was
10,606,544. Our population is now 29,000,000.
If our taxation had increased in the same ratio as
our population, our expenditures would now be
$30,000,000. But should our expenses increase
in the same ratio as our population? 1 think not.
Upon this point Mr. Calhoun, whose judgment
is entitled to great weight, said in the Senate,
January 25, 1842:
" t wish it be understood that I do not admit that the ex-
penduurc"? of the Government ought to keep pace with our
lapidly iiicieasing population. There aie many blanches
ojf the public eeivice winch ought not to be, and have not,
in fact, been, much meiouhcd with the increase of popula-
tion. If would, in truth, not be difficult to sh-jw that art in-
crease of revenue and expenditures, and consequently of pat-
i ona?u and influence, cyuai to our rapidly growing pjpixla-
tnw>t almost nci.essai il\j end in making the Government
despotic."
To show that our expenditures ought not to i
increase in an equal ratio with our population, '
consider the alarming results which would ensue [
if they did. Our expenses are now $77,000,000; j
m thirty years our population doubles; in thnty i
years our expenditures would be $154,000,000; i
in sixty years, $308,000,000. I subscribe to the i
truth of this opinion, except that I would substi-
tute for the word "despotic," the words i( utterly
con upt and impossible.55
Again: in 1851-52 the expenditures, exclusive
of payments on account of the public debt and
awards under the treaty with Mexico, amounted
to $36,022,099. Now we are asked to expend
$77,254,633—more than double. Surely this is
too rapid an increase of expenditure in seven
years. The countiy was then as large as it is
now, and the same causes for expenditure existed
then as now.
I take it for granted our expenditures are
largely over what they should be. The three
great items upon which the principal reductions
can be made, are the Army, the N&vy, and the
Post Office Department; besides which, there is
room for large reductions in all the ramifications
of the public expenditure.
In 1821, the Army cost $3,090,924 43. Now, it
costs $18,000,1)00. Surely this is an excessive in-
crease. Alter the Mexican war, they were as
low as $8,000,000; and never above $10,000,000
until 1S52-53. During this period we were under
the necessity of protecting the same frontier we
now have. Duringthelast war with GreatBritain,
our military expenditures averaged $30,000,000;
now they are $18,000,000, in time of profound
peace, except an outbreak now and then of the
Indians. The quartermaster's department alone
costs $7,000,000—'twice as much as the whole
Army in 1821. It is stated, on good authority,
that there are nineteen thousand animals in the
employ of the Army, while the Army itself is a
little over eighteen thousand.
Surely, there is a great margin for reductions.
And here I would return my thanks to the dis-
tinguished gentleman who stands at the head of
the Military Committee, [Mr. Faulkner,] for his
efficient services in reducing the estimates of the
War Department $2,000,000, and for his saving
the country $3,000,000 in adjusting the Oregon
war debt, at this session. £or all this, he de-
serves the highest commendation. The only use
for the Army, in time of peace, is to protect the
frontier from Indians, and furnish material for
the basis of an efficient army in case of war. I
think twelve thousand men are sufficient to do
this, and $10,000,000 an ample sum to do it with.
In 1818, the expense of the Army was $451 57
per man, including officers. In 1821, under the
administration of Mr. Calhoun as Secretary of
War, it was $263 91. The cost of the Army, per
man, including officers, was, in 1837, $408 03.
In 1838 it was $464 35. It fell the next year to
$381 65, and in the subsequent year to $380 63.
Now, at $500 per man, $10,000,000 would keep
up an army of twenty thousand. I think, there-
fore, the expenses of the Army might be reduced
$8,000,000 without detriment to the public service.
As to theJNTavy, there is likewise greatroom for
reduction. In 1823, the Navy cost $2,403,765 83.
If its increase were according to the ratio of pop-
ulation, it would now cost $7,500,000. But there
is no reason whatever why the Navy should in-
crease in this ratio. The real purpose of our
Navy is to furnish a school for officers, in case of
war, and protect our commerce from-, pirates, or
weak Powers. We do not pretend to put our
Navy on an equal footing with the navy of Eng-
land or France. Our reliance, in case of war with
either of these great Powers, would be a large
addition to our Navy and privateers. To keep
up a navy to compete with these Powers is not
seriously contemplated. We have gone on in-
creasing our Navy without any settled policy.
We ought to determine upon a policy. It seems to
me there are but two policies for us to adopt: 1. To
have a navy simply to act as a police of the seas,
protecting from pirates and weak Powers; or,
2. To build up a great navy, equal to that of Eng-
land. There is no middle course. Which policy
should we adopt ? I think the first. Because the
small navy it is contemplated is ail that is neces-
sary in time of peace, and, comparatively speak-
ing, as effectual in time of war with a great naval
Power, as a larger navy, which yet fell short of
power to defy the fleets of the enemy. Upon this
point of policy in regard to the Navy, I would call
attention to the opinion of Mr. Jefferson, in a let-
ter written to John Adams, November 1, 1822.
He says:
" A navy is a very expensive engine. It is admitted that
in ten or twelve years a vessel goes to entire decay, or, if
kept m entire repair, cosn much as would build a new
one ; and that a nation v, ho could count on twelve or fif-
teen years ot peace, would gain hy burning its navy, and
building a new one in time. Since inj proposition for a force
adequate to the piracies of the Meditenanean, a similar
necessity ha^ arisen in our own seas for a considerable ad-
dition to that foice. Indeed, I wi^h we could have a conven-
tion with the naval Powers of Europe, lor them to keep
down the pitates of the Mediterranean and the slave ships
on the coa^-t of Africa, and for us to perform the same du-
ties, for the society of natioiw, in our peas. in this way
Uio-e collisions would be avoided between the vessels-of-
war of different nations which beget wars, and constitute
the weightiest objection to navies."
And here I may remaik that I think we have
erred in buildin^laigeships, which are immensely
expensive to build and koep afloat, and yet not
as efficient, in many respects, as smaller vessels.
1 entirely agree wnh the Secretary of the Navy
in the opinion expressed by him in his recent
report on this point:
" What we moie especially need, in time of peace, is a
larger number of voxels capable of entering the rivers and
harbors of all foreign countries as well as our own. Thp onlv
mode of domsj it [protecting our commerce] in an tiiecuve
and economical manner, is to give the Navy greatei effi-
ciency by multiplying the numbu of smaller vus&eKof Wyht
