THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
as'rtit
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, IX C.,
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session..
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1859.
New Series.;...No. 55..
be done, I preferred these parties to anybody-
else. ■
Mr. DAVIS. I do not see that the Senator's
explanation just mitiutp ago confirms the be-
lief that a railroad has to be put upon the avenue.
He says there are five against any one that may
be favored in the bill. He*describes it as a Kil-
kenny fight—a familiar sort of illustration which
induces us to believe that they can destroy each
oth.er; and if that be the fact, then I think his end
will be attained, exactly, by refusing to pass this
billjthconly one which it appears has any chance
to passrat this time, and allowing these contest-
ants to destroy each other, and thus preserve
Pennsylvania avenue in all its beautiful propor-
tions.
I did not misunderstand the argument of my
colleague; but I did not sec, nor do I see now,
how to match that argument with his votes. I do
not perceive how it is possible to leconeile the
argument that we must not do something because
it will destroy the measure, with the constant dec-
laration that the purpose is a bad one. I am
ready to lay it upon the table; I voted so to-day.
To lay it upon the table is certainly to defeat it
fortius Congress; and if rival schemes will defeat
it forever, it will suit me exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. Wc'ought to settle this ques-
tion in some way.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 24, noes 11; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 7, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J.N. Hank
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was recei v*ed, through
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill to provide for
quieting certain land titles in the late disputed ter-
ritory in the State of Maine, and for other pur-
poses; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
KERR, BRIERLY AND CO.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole House from the further considera-
tion of the bill (EI. R. No. 609) for the relief of
Kerr, Bnerly, & Co., of the State of Maine.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to John Kerr, Thomas H.
Biierly, James H. Jones, and Henry W. Sum-
merville, copartners, using the style of Kerr, Bn-
erly & Co., out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of ^20,133,
being in full payment for losses sustained by
them in consequence of Indian hostilities while
freighting goods to Great Salt Lake City, in the
year 1855.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object. I wiil
not consent that that bill should pass.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and I ask for the reading of the-re-
port.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
for several years, and up to the 23d of August,
1856, the Sioux Indians were eruiiely peaceable
and friendly to the trains crossing from Missouri
to Utah and California, and not in the least preda-
tory upon them; but, on the contrary, rendered
the trains frequent and valuable aid. The Paw-
nee Indians had exhibited appearances of hostil-
ity, and fears were entertained, by travelers, that
they would commit depredations upon trains
crossing on their way to Utah and California,
especially upon trains freighting merchandise.
From information upon file, at the Indian bureau,
it seems that hostile meetings had taken place be-
tween small parties of the Sioux and Pawnees,
and this added to the uneasiness of emigrants
OO
and merchants. In order to keep the hostile In-
dians quiet, General Harney, with a strong de-
tachment of United States troops, was sent into
the Indian country; while on the march out, and
when he was near the Blue Water river, or Ash
Hollow, as it is sometimes called, the Sioux, de-
sirous of expressing to him their pacific inten-
tions, and fearing that some of their tribe might
inadvertently be treated with harshness, sent a
deputation—at the head of which was LitilcThun-
der, their chief—consisting in part, of women and
children; which deputation encamped at Ash
Hollow to awrt't the approach of General Harney.
The friendly disposition of this Indian tribe is
certified by the testimony of Captain Van Vhet,
who was present, and in command under General
Harney; of Mr Vaughn, the Indian agent for the
Sioux; of Joseph Tesson, Government interpre-
ter; and other credible persons.
It further appears that when General Harney
arrived at Ash Hollow with his command, he
immediately drew up his men in line of battle,
within rifle range of the Indian camp The state-
ment of Captain Van Vleit, who was present and
under command ofGeneral Harney, together with
the evidence of several other persons who were
also on the ground, shows that the Sioux chief,
finding that his party was about to be treated as
hostile by the United States Atmy, immediately
came forward and had an interview with General
Harney and begged for peace, urging his known
friendship for the white man, which was fully
sustained by the fact that several emigrants were
then in his camp enjoying his hospitality. Gen-
eral Harney declined to treat with the Indian
chief, but ordered his men to charge upon the In-
dian camp, which order they obeyed, killing in all
some forty or fifty persons. Had General Har-
ney been apprised of the fact that a large number
of women and children were in the camp, some
of whom shared the same fate as the warriors,
that circumstance, the committee think, would
have convinced him of their friendly character
and pacific intentions; and such knowledge would
also have determined him to pursue aline of pol-
icy altogether different from that which he adopted
in the premises, as he understood them.
The Indians, in consequence of tins rencontre,
which resulted from a misunderstanding of their
real character and intentions, became highly ex-
asperated, and declared tk'eir puipose to be re-
venged. Accordingly they commenced putting
their threats into immediate execution, by making
predatory descents upon emigrantand other tiains
that were then crossing from the western border
of Missouri to Utah and California. The peti-
tioners, Kerr, Brierly &Co., had, at that time,
a large train some two days' drive in the rear of
General Harney, laden with ninety-five tons of
merchandise, which they were hauling: to Great
Salt Lake City. These exasperated Indians at
once waylaid them, and robbed them of a num-
ber of their mules and horses, and otherwise an-
noyed them with threats and robberies, until it
became impossible to proceed, except at the peril
of their lives. In this emergency they appealed
to General TTarney, who, perceiving their immi-
nent danger, detailed a small escort of twenty men,
under the command of Captain Heath, to protect
their train, and thus enable them to proceed. This
force, however, proved to be altogether inadequate
for the purpose; so much so, that Captain Heath
found it necessary to impose such terms and or-
ders upon Kerr, Brieily & Co., icspecting their
manner of traveling—compelling them to travel
slower than usual, to stop and encamp earlier in
theafternoon, and to corral their cattle and horses
so closely that they had not an opportunity to
graze sufficiently to keep them in traveling order.
The tram was so much delayed and reduced m
flesh by reason of these ordeis, that it was from
fifteen to twenty-five days longer than is usual m
reaching Great Salt Lake City. It was, for the
same reasons, overtaken by the snow storms,
which coveied up the gra^s, and thus still further
reduced the cattle; so that, partly from starvation
and partly from the intense cold that followed, the
cattle all perished, except thirty head. ^More-over,
the petitioners were compelled to purchase c^tlo
from trains that overtook and passed thexn, and.
also to send ahead for others when within one'hun-
dred and thirteen miles of Great Salt Lake City.
These facts were all proven by Captain Van Vliet
and other credible witnesses. It was also proven
that, within two days prior to this renconter with
the Indians, trains had passed by unmolested,
that they had been hospitably treated by this
tribe, and no signs of hostility whatever wereex.-
hibited. All the witnesses concurred in the state-
ment that the train of Kerr, Brierly & Co., was
one of the best-equipped trains that started out
during the season. It was also proven that the
cattle were in like good condition when they
passed Fort Kearny,"and up to the Lime that
Captain Heath found it necessary, for the reasons
set forth, to restrict their grazing. And, finally, *
it was proven that, but for the untoward circum-
stances detailed, the train would have arrived at
Salt Lake, in good condition, from fifteen to
twenty-five days before the snow storms set in.
By these disasteis the petitioners sustained a loss
of mules, horses, cattle, and other property,
amounting to §20,135.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 103, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adiam, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Kaiksdale, Bennett, Billnnjlmr&.t, Clair, Bonham, Biyan, ,
Bnfiinton. Bmliugninc, Burnett, Carutliers, Case, Cas«kie,
Cavun.uigh, John 15 Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Colfax,
Connns. Corning, Cox, Ciagm, J nines Craig, Curtis, David-
son, Davis ol' Mas-achusetts, Dick, Dowdell, Ediu, Ed-
mundi-on, English. Eumi>, F.unsworth. Foley, Foster, Gar-
trell, Gilman, Gilmer. Gooeh, Greei. wood, Gregg, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hams Hawkins, hill. Hodges, Jackson, Jewctt,
Owen Jones, Komi, Kehev, Ktlgore, John C. Kunkel,
/Minar, Leiter, .YIcKibbin. McRae, Samuel S. Marshall,
I\Ia;-on, Matte^m. Maynaid. Montgomery, Moore, Edward
Joy Mori!.-., Isaac N, Morn-. Freeman II. Morse, Oliver
A. Moise, Niblaek. NichoK, Puhnei, Pettit, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Pike, Ptiiviance, Reagan, ReilJy,
Rieaud, Roberts, Itu-^ell, Scott, Reward, Rofoeit Smith,
Samuel A. r-Minth. Stephen's Stevenson, Jame* A. Stewart,
Tappan, GeorgeTa\loi,Tiippe. Underwood, Vance, Israet
Wa^liHurn, Watluns.. White. Whittdev, YViIson, Wood,
Au<iu-tu>> R Wnght. and Zollieotfer—103.
N YYS—i\Ie -«is. Bliss Bovee, Biayton, Claws^on, Cobb,
CockeuM, Covode, Crawford. Cmry, Davis of Maryland,
Davis oi Indiana. Dean, Dewait, Dodd, Garnett, Giddmgs,
Goodo, Gianger, Giow, Robert B. Ilall. Harlan, Hickman,
Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Gooiac VV. Jones, Kellogg,
Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy. McQueen, Miles. Morgan, Morrill,
Mm ray, Olin, Paikei, Pendleton, Peyton, Phillip*, Potter,
Ponle, Powell. Robbing Royee, Russell, fcales, Searing,
Anion Shaw, Henry M Shaw, William Smith. Stanton,
William Stewart.Talbot. Mile> Tavlor.Thayei,Tompkins,
Vallancimham, Wade, Walbndgc, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
ual.ulcr C. Was-hburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, and Worten-
dyke-—6o.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hughes, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I again pre-
sent to the House the subjeet of assigning two
or thiee days for the consideration of territorial
business. *1 will ask of the House only two
days, as the session is drawing rapidly to a close,
and some gentlemen thought, last Monday, that
three days was too much. I ask the consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Tue.-dav and Wednesday, the ICtl. md
16rh instants, be &et apart foi the consideration ot terri-
torial business.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
r The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 117, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS— Abbott, Adrain, Ander&on. Atkins,
