866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Avery, Barksdale, Bonham, Dovce, Branch, Bryan, Bur-
nett, Cauuher.*, Ca^e, Cavanaugh, Ezra Clark, John J3.
Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Oochiane, Cockerill, Corning,
Cox. Cragm, James Craig, Bui ton Craige, Ciawford, Carry,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Dewart,Dowdell,Edmu«<Isoii,
English, Eiihtis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gar-
treli, Giih?, Gihrian, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Gtoesbeck,
Lawrence VV. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hodges, Hor-
ton, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Owen Jones, ICeim, Kilgore, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Leiter,
McKibbin, McQueen, McRae, Humphrey Marshall, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Million, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Niblack, Nichols, Pendleton, Peyton, John
S. Phelps. William W. Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Rcilly,
Robert*, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing,
Seward, Aaron Shaw, Ilcmy M. Shaw. Sickles, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Thayer,Tnppe, Underwood, Vallandigharn, Vance,
Watkms, Wintc, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood, Woodson,
Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright. and Zolhcoffer—117.
NAYS—iVfe^is Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Blair,
Drayton, Buffinton, Chaffee, Chapman, Clawson, Clark B.
Cochrane. Colfax, Comm.*, Covode, Davis or Maryland,
Davis of Ma^achusctt?, Dawc:*, Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durfee,
J^iie, Farns-woith, Gidaing.<, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Haiian, Harris, Hickman, How-
ard, Kellogg, ICelsey. Knapp, John C. Ivunkel, Leach,
Lovejoy, Matteson, Morgan, Mornll, Edward Joy Mmns.
Freeman II. Moise, Oliver A. Morse, Mm ray, Ohn~, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Poitei, Pottle, Puivianee,
Rieaud, Royce, Judson W. She)man, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins Wade, Walbndge.
Waidion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washbume, and Israel Washburn—69.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CURTIS stated that he had paired off upon
this question with Mr. Letciier, who was de-
tained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. REILLY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ahl, had been called home by sickness in his
family.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Mott, had been called home by indispensable
business, and had paired off on this question with
Mr. Butler.
REPAIRS OF CHICAGO HARBOR.
Mr. EARNS WORTH asked the unanimous
consent of the Bouse to submit a motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the consideration of Senate bill
(No. 341) making appropriations for repairing
and securing the woiks at the harbor of < lncago,
Illinois, and that tiic bill have us consideration at
this time.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I object.
Mr. KARJNS WORTH. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HATCH. I ask the gentleman to. with-
draw that motion for a to enable mo to
call up a bill in which he is interested as well as
myself.
Mr FARNSWORTEL I believe my motion
is not debatable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How much does
the bill appropriate ? i ask for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read. It makes an appropriation
of the sum of $87,275 37, for repairing and se- !'
curing the works at the harbor of Chicago, I!ii- |j
nois, to be expended under the superintendence j1
of the Secretary of War. |
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the j
yeas and nays. ^
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in '!
the negative—yeas 101, nays 70; as follows: j
YEAS—? Te«s.rs. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Andiewj, !
Ban. Bennett, liillmghiirsf, Bingham, Blair, Biayton, '!
Burliutou, lUuhnjrauifi, Ca?.e, C.ivan.iunh, Chaffee, Gzia. 1,
Clark, dawson. Ckuk B Cochrane, John Cochiane, Col- |
fax. (,'oiiiiiis. Coimnsr, Covode, Cox, Cra<i>n, Cum1-. Davi4? 1
ol Mai \ land. Davis of Massachusetts, Davi< oi'Io\va,Dau c<, <
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dutne, Edie, Eu.>ti:>, Famsworth, '<{
Foley, Koitet, Guhhn<;-. Gilman, Gooeh, Goodwin, Grow, h
Robui t D. Hall. Ilauan, Jla^km, Hutch, Hill, Hodge-*. How- j1
aid, K'dlopg, KeUcy, Kiigoie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, ji
Landj, Leaeh, LovC)0}« Humphrey Mai-h.ill, Malte-on,
Mauiard, Mot^an, .Mornll. Edwatd Joy Moms, I>aae X. ;■
Mom*, Frec'tiian H. Moim>, Oliver A. Mui^e, Munav, !!
NiehoK, pahuei, Parkei, Pendleton, Petnt, Wdhani \V. i:
Phelps, Piko, hotter, Pottle, Puivianee. Rieaud; fJuhinH^.
Kob<jit>, Rojce, Seott, Rubeit Smith. Spumes, Stanton,
William Stewait, Thayer, Tompkun, Undeiuood, \ ance,
W<uU;. Wnlbiid2e,Waldron, Walton.Cadwaludei O.YVabh- m
bum, Kilih'i 15. Wa-hbmnc/i.Mael Washburn, Wilson, and i'
Ausut-tii-? R. Wright—101. i,
XAVS — Me^is. Aikuie, Avery, Baiksdalu, Bouliam, (!
Bojoo, l.sancts Bryan. Buineu, Bum*-. Ca-kie. Cnapman, I
John B. Clark. C)a\, Cobb, Bui ton Craige. Craw ford, Curi v, i'
Davis of Indiana. Dewart, Dowde'l. Edmund^on, ttuehJ), I
Faulkner, Florence, Gatneit. Gauiell. Goodc, Greenwood, |
Giegg, Lawionce \\T. Hall. Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins, '
Houston, Jackson,Jenkins, George W. Jones,Owen Jones,
Lamar, McQueen, Mcltae, Ma&on, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Moore, Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Reagan, Ruffin, Resell, Savage, Scales, Searing, Seward,
Hemy M. Shaw, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens,
Stevenson, Miles Taylor, Tnppe, Vallandigharn, Watkms,
White, Winteley, and Wortendyke—70.
So (two thirds notvoting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MONTGOMERY, not having been within
the bar when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
CLAIMS OF GEORGIA AND MAINE.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask the unanimous con-,
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of Senate resolution (No.
48) for the payment of an unexpended balance to
the State of Georgia, on account of militia ser-
vices; and Senate bill (No. 380) to provide for
the payment of the claim of the State of Maine,
for expenses incurred by that State in organizing
a regiment of volunteers for the Mexican war.
These measures involve the same principle.
The question is a very clear one; and if gentlemen
will hear the bill and resolution read, I do not
think there will be any objection.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want them taken
up one at a time. I object.
Mr. GARTRKLL. Then I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from this bill and joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that motion is
decided to be in order, I think we might as well
discharge the committee from all the bills on the
Calendar, and bring them into the House for its
action.
Mr. GARTRELL. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, 1 will say that this bill and joint
resolution were reported by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and should have
been sent to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, but were sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and thereby lost the advantage which their posi-
tion would have given them on the Private Cal-
endar. I hope the House will consent to take
them up. The same principle is involved in each
case; and that principle is so correct, that I am
suie even my vigilant friend fiorn Tennessee will
not obj( et wheh he comes to understand it.
Air. HOUSTON. 1 do not know whether 1
should object to the gentleman's hill or not, but
it is important in my judgment that the question
of older should be settled properly. It seems to
me that it is competent for the House to suspend
the rules to bring into the House for its action
only one subject at a time; because if the rules can
be suspended and two bills broughtintothe House
at the same time, you can bring in three bills, or
a dozen, or a hundred, or all the bills on the Cal-
endar; and then, as the House can only consider
one of them at a time, the others must go to the
Speaker's tabic, and be beyond the reach of the
House and within the influence and control of
some other rule of the House. I regard the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia as involving a
very important principle, and it seems to me that
it should not be entertained by the House.
Mr. KELSEY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAlvER.. It is not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to it, then.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will receive the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia, receiving
it, however, with very great doubt as to its pro-
priety. The Chair entertains the motion upon
the ground that, although he thinks the rules may
be suspended, perhaps, to bring two bills out of
committee, they must be considered separately
in the House.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The House
may. by a two-thud vote,suspend any rule; and
it strikes me, that by that "vote, they may sus-
pend every rule of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. REAGAN. This is a log-iolling move-
ment, and if adopted will inauguiate a very dan-
gerous precedent in this House.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this is not a
motion to bring up separate subjects of legisla-
tion. The same principle is involved in each
case.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I look upon the principle
involved as a very important one. It may be true
that there is no log-rolling in connection with this
motion, but it must be very evident to this House
that if this is to be the rule, it may constitute a
very important precedent, which may lead to
serious consequences hereafter.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I object to
all debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama appeals from the decision of the Chair, and
is stating the grounds of his appeal, as the Chair
understands it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will state one instance
in which the ruling of the Speaker of this House
was different from that of the Chair now. In the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] made a similar propo-
sition to the one now made by the gentleman from
Georgia. I then objected; and I think Mr. Speaker
Banks decided that a motion could not be made
to suspend the rules in order to take up two bills
at the same time, unless by unanimous consent.
I afterwards withdrew my objection.
The SPEAKER. According to the recollec-
tion of the Chair, during the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, a similar propostticm to this was submitted
—the Chair does not remember that a question of
order was raised—and it was held competent to
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the consideration of three, four, or five ap-
propriation bills. The Chair does not remember
the number.
Mr. SEWARD. That was done upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasii-
burne.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has referred to a
case where the Speaker of the House held as it
has been held to-day. I do not recollect the ease;
and, therefore, I cannot say but he is correct.
But I desire more directly to point to the danger
which will result fiom the ruling of the Chair.
It seems to me that it will inaugurate a princi-
ple 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If I understand
the point of order, it is that two bills cannot be
inehided in one motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
deistand the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The position
of the gentleman is, that you cannot move to sus-
pend the rules to take up two bills; that under the
rules of the House it is out of order to make such
a motion. But it is always in order, on Monday,
to move to suspend any or all of the rules. Now,
that rule of the House which prevents one bill
from being attached to another bill, is to-day
moved to be suspended. It is perfectly in order;
as much so as it would be to move to dischaige
the Committee of the Whole House from every
bill upon the Calendar; bccauso it is competent to
move to suspend any one rule or all of the rules,
and on a vote of two thirds you may take up all
the bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman does not un-
derstand the point I make. It is true that two
thirds can suspend the rules of the House for the
purpose of transacting business; for the purpose
of taking up any bills; but I do not agree to the
principle assumed by the gentleman lrom Geor-
gia, that two thirds of the members of this House
can suspend its rules for the purpose of bringing
before the House the whole Calendar'—forthatis
the point—for its action. That is the point m
issue; and I take it that the doctrine and law of
the House is, that the House can suspend its
rules to take up that portion of its business out of
order which it can transact; but that it cannot
suspend its rules to take up a mass of business
which must necessarily fall to the table and come
under some other rule before the House can act
upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. My position
is, that two thuds of this House can suspend
every rule, abolish every rule of this House, or
introduce an entirely new system. 1 say that two
thirds can suspend the rules and pass every bill
now upon the Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is true that two thirds can
suspend the rules of this House, but two thirds
cannot suspend the rules so far as to allow to be
