868
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 7,
The question was taken: and, on a division,
there were—ayes 90, noes 39.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
Mr. GARTRELL. I now submit the motion
that (he Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution, and that it have its
consideration at this time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Before the vote is taken
on that motion, I desire to ask whether there is a
report accompanying this resolution ? If there is,
I desire to have it road.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am informed by the
chairman of the Committee on Militaiy Affairs
that this question was consideied by the commit-
tee as so clear that they deemed it unnecessary to
make any report.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Georgia what that unexpended bal-
ance is? I want to know how much thoy claim;
whether one thousand, or one hundred thousand,
or two hundred thousand dollars ?
Mr. FAULKNER. In reply to the question
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood,] I will state that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had the Senate bill before them, and
did not deem it necessary to accompany it with
a written report. The papers accompanying the
bill are quite voluminous; but the facts of the case
can be stated in few words.
In August, 1842, Congress appropriated $3 75,000
for the purpose of refunding to (he State of Geor-
gia advances made to her volunteers engaged in
hostilities with the Creeks, the Chcrokces, and the
Semmolcs. The language of that law limited the
payments to be made under it to sums of money
which had been already paid by the State of Geor-
gia to her troops. Under that law there was paid
$167,867 0G, leaving an unexpended balance of
$7,112 D4. Since that period, the State of Geor-
gia has paid three or four companies more. That
account has been laid before the Tteasury De-
partment, and it lias declined to pay it out of
the unexpended balance, because the Department
was, by the language of the act of 1842, limited
in its payments to sums which had already been
paid by the State of Georgia. Why these com-
panies did not present their claims prior to the
passage of the law of 1842 does not appear, but
the proof was conclusive befoic the committee,
that the service rendered by these companies was
precisely the service rendered by the troops for
the payment of which the State of Georgia was
reimbursed under the law of 184*2. This joint
resolution merely provides that the unexpended
balance shall he applied to those accounts paid
by the State since the passage of that law.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 desire to inquire, whether
theie is any printed icport upon which we can
rely when we are called on in future for the reason
for our votes?
. Mr. FAULKNER. There is the report of the
Sceond Auditor, which I will have read.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is it printed, and will itgo
upon our Joinnals?
Mr. FAULKNER. It will appear in the pub-
lished pioceedinsjs of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no disposition to op-
pose this claim, but I do desire to have some
authority on which to predicate iny vote m favor
of it. |
Mr. FAULKNER. I will ask t^c Clerk to lead ;
what the Second Auditor says on the subject. i
Tiie Clerk read as follows: J
u The Se< ond Vuditor is of the opinion that the Mini of
$7,112 9-1. buns the un<'\pended balance in the Tiea-ury of !
the -tim of-175.001) appiopn.iti'd by the several ael^of Con- ■
gress to pay the chumsoi the Suite oi Geot^ia lor suppiesf.- 1
nig Indian ho-nhues. t-annot be applied to the payment of 1
tiie semc-'s of Captain? I'littui'hOii and Trie'- companies, I
tor the n::w>n that the scrru ci oj these companies were not ,
j>aui for ly the State of Creor^iu unlilsoine thi et' yeuis ufici \
the passage of the Iw-t tut of Cono)e^; consrqnenily they
cannot he included in the claims apjnopriated for. The act i
limits the payment to claims alreadv paid bv the State ot
G<'0]-U. T. J. D. FCLLLU."
the letter of thn Second Auditor to the Second '
Comptroller, and ln.<apptovai theieof. in Febiuary, 1^58." ■
JPho motion to discharge the Committee of the i
"Vtf hole on the state of the Union was agreed to, :
and the resolution was brought before the House ,
tor considetation.
Mr. GARTRELL moved the previous question ;
on the third reading of the joint resolution. !
The previous question was seconded, and the '
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARTRELL moved the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I now ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
38U to provide for the payment of the claim of
the State of Maine, for expenses incurred by that
State m organizing a regiment of volunteers for
the Mexican war.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to introduce the motion.
The bill, which was read, directs that the ac-
counts of the State of Maine for expenses incurred
by that State m organizing a regiment of vol-
unteers for the Mexican war, in the year 1846,
upon tho  requisition of the President of the United
States, shall be audited and settled by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department,
pursuant to the provisions of an act approved June
2,1848, to " refund money forexpenses incurred,
subsistence, or transportation furnished for the
use of volunteers during the present war, upon
being mustered into the service of the United
States," in the same manner in all icspects as if
the said regiment had been mustered and received
in the service of the United States; and that the
amount found to he due to the State of Maine
shall bo paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SMi ITi, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from Maine, what isthe amount of that
claim ?
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. About six thousand
dollars.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the suspension of the lules.
Mr. HICKMAN called for tellers upon the
yeas and nnvs.
Tellers were notordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The rules were suspended.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was then discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and the same was brought
before the House for its consideration.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, moved the previous
question upon ordering the bill to be read a third
time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to ieconsu*ler upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED HILLS.
Mr, DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, re'portcd as correctly enrolled, the
following bills, when the Speaker signodthesame.
A bill (No. 1523) for the relief ot Henry Hub-
bard;
A bill (No. 284) for the relief of C. Edwards
Habicht, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis;
A bill (No. 276) for the rehefof Mrs. Ambroise
Brou, of the parish of St. Charles, State of Louis-
iana;
A bill (No. SO) for the relief of the heirs and I
legal repiesentatives of Olivier Landry, of the
State of Louisian i.* . j
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. I
A message was received from the President of j
the United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pn- 1
vate Secretary, informing the House that be had
approved and signed a joint resolution to correct
a clerical error in " An act for the relief of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming, "and an act to provide
for the settlement Of the accounts of the late Lieu-
tenant ©olonel Lewis S. Craig, for his services
in command'of the military escort of the Mexi-
can boundary commission.
LYDIA FLETCHER.
Mr. ATKINS. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of a bill of the House (No. 560) for the religf
of Lydia Fletcher,and thatthesame be putupon
its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration.
ltdirects the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otheiwise
appropriated, to Lydia Fletcher, the amount due
under existing laws to her son, Abraham Fletch-
er, deceased, on account of services rendered by
him as a soldier in the Seminole war of 1818.
The Committee on Military Affairs had re-
ported an amendment to the bill, as follows:
Stiikc outallaftei the enacting clause, and insett:
" That the Secretary of the Tieasmy cau^e the account
of Abraham Fletchci. a private in Captain Williams's com-'
paitv of Tonnesse militia against the Semmoles, in J818,
to Do propei iy nmhu-d, and that lie pay the sum found due
to Lydia Fletcher, out of any money not otherwise appio-
piiated."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire what the claim will amount to?
Mr. ATKINS. To not more than three or
four hundred dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
giossed and read a third time; and being en-
giossed.it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ATKINS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the.motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNDARY CONTEST.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that Senate bill No. 554 to authorize
the Attorney-General to represent the United
States in the proceedings in equity now pending
in the Supreme Court between the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts and the State of Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations, be taken from
the Speaker's table, and passed.
There was no objection; and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken fiom the Speaker's table, received
its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to take up and consider the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. 6MITFI, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will not press that motion until 1 can submit
a motion from the Committee on Territories. I
have been struggling to get the floor all morning.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would yield to
the gentleman with pleasure, but I feel constrained
by a sense of public duty to adhere to my mo-
tion. I demand the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. KEITT. Take tellers on the motion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Very well. I
ask for tellers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided- in
the affirmative—-yeas 123, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Andrew?, Avery, Bark-nlale,
Bingham, Bishop, Bh<^ Bonham, Buftinton, Burhmrame,
Burnett. Ca>e, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, John B.
Clark, dawson, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane,
Coifux, Conn its, Corning, Cox, James Ciaig. Bui ton Craige,
Cutry. Davidson, Davis of Man land, Davn of Massachu-
setts, Dawes, Dean,Dodd, Dui fee, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Fains worth, Florence, Foley, Fostei. Uarnett,<Jaitrell,
Giddimrc, Gilhs, Oilman, Gooeh, Goode, Goodwin, Green-
wood, Gregg, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, If at r s,
Haskin, Hawkins, Ilickrnan, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson,
