1#59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
JenkHis, Jewotr, George W. Jones, Keitt, Knapp, Jacob
M. Kunkcl, John C. Kunkel, Lovejoy, Samuel S. Mai-
shall, Mason. Millet, Milium. Montgomerv, Moor<5, Mor-
rill, Edwaid Joy Morns, Oliver A. Mor>e, Nichols, Parker,
Pendleton. Pej ton, John S. Phelps, William W/ Phelps,
Phillips, Reill>, Kicaud, Robbing, Robert-*, Roycc. Rufhn,
Savaire, Scales. Searm", Henry M. Shaw, Shoitei * Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Staflwoith, Sunton, Ste-
phens, Stevenson,, Jame  A. btevvait, William Stewait,
George Taylor, Thayui, Trij.po, Underwood, Vallandn?-
bara, Vance. Walbudge, Waldion, Walton, Cadvvahuler C.
Washburn. Elhhu B. VTashbume, Watkin-, White. VYhite-
foy, Wilson, Woiienclvku, Augustus It. Wright, and John
V.Wright—123
* NAYS—Me--rs. Admin. Andeison, Atksn«, Billmsliur-t,
RIair, JBryan, Cai-kie. Ezia Cl.uk, Clay, CockenlkCovode,
Crn«in.«Curti$, Davis of Indi-ui.i. Uow.irf, Di^k, Donmick,
Edie, Gilmer, Robert B. Hall. Ilaich. Hill, Hmton, Kenn,
Kellogir, Kfl#ey, Kdgorc, Leach, Leah. Mollae.' Hum-
phrey Mais-hall, M,meson. Morgan. Isaac N. Moms, Fiec-
luau 1*1 Moi- e. Mm r:?v, Xi black. Ohn, L'uttit, Pike, I'Mter,
Pottle, Reasiak jSew.ud, Anion Shaw. William Smith,
Toinpktns,\Vade, am! Isiaei Washburn—*19.
So the motion was agrc-ed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
Hous? resoived itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (i\Jr. Barks-
dale hi the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 711, making appropi iations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
Jane,1860.
The CHAIRMAN stated that, when the com-
mittee was last in session, the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Curry] moved to stiike out these
words:
<c For twenty-four copies of the Conjrespional Globe and
Appendix for each membei and Delegate of the that sexton
ol the Thnty-Si.\th Coiigre^-,
And the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols]
moved to amend the amendment by adding to the
paragraph proposed to be stiicken out, these
words:
Florida!, That no pait of this nppropiiation thai I be ap-
plied to pa\ lot speeches or ienruk< not actually confined
to the Mibject immediately uinh'r ion in the llou-e
or in the Committee ol ihe Whole ; and no fpeeehci> oi re-
maikrf, which thai! have been written out and not .vtuallj
delivered in the Ilou-c. <*h;ili evei he included in the Globe
or Appendix a* a p-ut of the proceeding* of the Hou.-e of
Rupiei-eiiutives.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will now pro-
ceed to give a bnef explanation not only of the
clause pioposcd to be stricken out, but of the three
or four succeeding ones.
The CHAIRMAN. DcKate is exhausted on
the pending am  ndment to the amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS. If there be no objection, I
will withduwv my amendment to the amendment.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was withdiawn.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope that the
committee will now procecd to vote on the motion
to strike out.
Mr CLAY.demanded tellers.
Tollei s were oi deted; and Messrs. Dewart and
Underwood weie appointed.
ThocommiUeedivuled; and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 35.
So Mr. Citriiy's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CURRY. In order to complete what has
already been begun, I move to strike out the fol-
lowing paragraphs:
" Foi bindms twenty-four copies of th" rongio-sional
Globe and Appendix foi each nteiubei and Delegate of the
fir^t so—ion of the Tln:ty-Sj\th Con^re^, ^ 13.939 "20
'•Tor i e port ins tii" d bales of the fiiat sc&mou of the Thirty-
Sivih (Vm?re.-s, £<23.1)00.
k* Foi oik, hundied copies of the Con<jre^K>naI Globe and
Appendix-, and !<>r landing the -ame. foi the tir*t session of
tin- Tiii'-'y Sixth Oonyre----, for the u>c of the Libraiy of the
I-Iou-e ot JLepieseutauve-, ^'S10.5;
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. These clauses
depend on the one that precedes them, and I am
willing that they shall have the same fate; and,
sir, 1 would suggest that they go to the House and
there be decided by one vote. They are each de-
pendent upon the other, and if one is voted down
then the others should share the same fate.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the section under consideiation.
Mr. CURRY. I meiely desire to say that, to
complete what the committee has done, we ought
to strike out these lines, from one hundred and
seventeen to one hundied and twenty-seven inclu-
sive. I offer that amendment; and have no speech
to make upon it.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
chaiiman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if, whether these appropriations be made or not,
i these Globes will not be printed for the next Con-
■ grcs3, under the existing law?
I Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a res-
| olution which authorizes each member of the
i House to have twenty-four Congressional Globes,
j and the daily Globe, which latter is laid on our
! desks daily. This resolution has not been re-
' semded.
| Mr. WALBRIDGE. So I understand.
| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is probable that
| the publisher will continue to publish and supply
i the debates of next Congress, and that Congiess
i will take the Globe. The only reason why I
| make this suggestion to let these paragraphs be
' stricken out is to expedite the business of the
House. If the House refuse to make the appro-
piiation for the Globe, it ought also to refuse to
make an appropriation for the binding.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then, I understand,
fiom the answer of the chanman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that if this Congress
fails to make this appropriation the Globe will,
nevertheless, be punted and furnished, and next
Congress will be required to make an approba-
tion as a deficiency.
Mr. CURR.Y. If the publisher of the Globe
shall continue to publish the debates of next Con-
giess, and, to furnish the members with copies,
without an appropriation, would it not be a gra-
tuitous matter on his part?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have not the
least doubt that the next Congress would make
an appropriation to remunerate the publisher.
The true way to reach this would be to lesctnd
the joint lesoiution on the Journal providing for
the Globe. Then you sti ike at the foundation of
this thm^.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That is it.
Mi. CURllY. I desire to say that there is no
resolution, as I understand, that lequsres the
Globe to be published during the noxt Congiess.
There was a joint resolution passed in 1850, but
it had reference to the then Con.iMess only. It
was a separate resolution of each House—not a
joint resolution. There is no law requiring the
reporting of the debates, or the publication of the
Globe, in this or in the other House. L is sim-
ply a resolution of each House, and has been kept
up since by appropriations made for that specific
purpose, if the Globe be published dining the
nextCongioss, it will be simply agratuitous mat-
ter on the part of the publisher, and not in com-
pliance with any law or joint lesoiution; and he
would have to look to the next Congiess for com-
pensation.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out lines fiom one hundied and
twenty-three to one hundred and twenty-seven,
inclusive, being for one hundied copies of tiie
Congressional Globe for the use of the libiaiy. I
offer this amendment for the \ery obvious icason,
that whatever the House may determine m re-
gard to the discontinuance of the purchase of the
Globe, there is certainly a propriety in pui chas-
ing copies for the library of Congress. Every
gentleman's experience must inform him that we
could scarcely get along with the oi dinary duties
of legislation, without frequent and almost con-
stant refeience to the Concessional Globe. We
ought then to have in thelibiary a sufficient num-
ber of copies to enable members to refer to the
history of the legislation of the countiy, becxusc
it veiy often happens that a question i- identical
with one discussed in a previous Congress; and
the views of members on the subject may be re-
ferred to with great profit.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to ask a question.
Whether tiie Globe be stricken out or not, I do
not care; but it is provided for by a resolution of
a previous Congress, wluch stands as an order of
this House, is jt the opinion of the gentleman
from Virginia, that by simply refusing the ap-
propriation, v/o avoid the obligation imposed by
a resolution which stands as an older of the
House, pioviding for a continuance of the work ?
Mr. MILLSON. However that may be, it
does not affect the purpose that I have in view;
which is, to retain the item of #800 for thepur-
ehase of one hundred copies of the Congressional
Globe for the use of the library.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia will defeat en-
tirely the object of the House in striking out the
first part of the appropriation on the motion of
; the gentleman from Alabama. If the Globe is to
; be published at all, the expense of the twenty-
! four copies for each member of Congress and Del-
I egate would be but a small item. If it be published
| foi the use of the library, there is no reason why
: mcmbeis should not have copies. The amend-
| ment of the gentleman from Alabaima proceeds
| on the basts of an entire abolition of the official
| reports of the debates of Congress. I fully con-
| cur in the amendment adopted on the motion of
i the gentleman from Alabama. It is said that if
j the debates are not reported, we will have nothing
| to refer to in regard to what had previously oc-
i curred. Let me ask, to what could members refer
i before the establishment of the Congressional
Globe? Any member who will examine these
iepoits published before the Congressional Globe
was established, will be convinced that there was
much greater facility in understanding questions
then than there is now. The present reports are
too voluminous. There is so much (o look
through to find so little, that it is almost impoa-
j sibio now to examine a question in the Con-
| gressional Globe.
j That is not the faultof the reporters. The fidel-
ity of their reports cannot be, and ought not to
be, questioned. But they report the debates with
so much accuracy, that the Globe is encumbered
with matter which hardly any one will venture to
look through in the examination of a question.
The debatesare published faithfully and correctly.
They are done as well as they could possibly be
done. If the official leportmg of Congress is to
be continued, 1 would be opposed to any change
in regard to it. Thcgentlcman from Virginia will
sec at once that if we furnish the Globe to the
hbraiies, the official reporting must be continued.
Now, I believe we ought to put a stop to this
official iepoiting,and throw the thing open to pri-
vate enterprise. We ought to go back to where
we w«ie before. Private enterprise will give us
j the whole gist of the debates of Congress; and
I the reports will be in so small a space that men
, can examine them intelligently. This official re-
1 porting is an evil. If we puta stop to it, we will
! dimmish the length of the session of Congress,
j and thereby stop a thousand other expenditures
| that grow up here on account of the undue length
of the sessions. If you leave the matter entirely
j to piivafe entei prise, the talent of Congress will
' be bi ou^h t out in debate; because what is profita-
I bie will be reported, and that which is unprofita-
, bie will not be repot led. II ence, if we strike out
j any item:? for the reporting, 1 am for striking out
' all, and for abolishing official reporting.
| The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
I amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
1 jec.ied.
I The question rccurred on Mr. Curry's amend-
ment.
1 Tellers .were demanded, and ordered; and
! Messis. Clay, and Davis of Iowa, were appoint-
! cd'
: The committee divided; and the tellers re-
; ported—ayes G4, nays 60.
| So the amendment was agreed to.
! IVJr. RUFPIN. I offer the following amend-
, ment:
I In hne< one hundred and twenty-ei^hr and one hundred
' and t\\«. nty nine <*a ike out: l* Diiiu^ht-man and clei k>> ein-
pluvrd uii the l.i.id map-.'" In hues one hundred mid
' thii tv-mie and one handled and thirty-two stakeout:
; " 7,tH)0,'5 <nid insert: "$3,440 "
I So as to make the clause read:
'• For the compensation of the clerks to committee*, and
. t"mpoia;y cleik- m the office of the Clerk of the House of
| KepiepcnUUivcs.,
i On the 18th of January last a resolution was
' adopted in the House requiring the Committee on
1 Public Lands to inquire into'the expediency of
repealing or modifying the resolution passed May
4, 1843, directing the Clcik to procure maps of
the public lands m each State, and to have them
i revised after each session of Congress. Not long
! since the Committee on Public Lands had this
| matter under consideration, under the instructions
i of the House,and came to the conclusion to report
' that these land-map clerks were no longer neces-
I sary. The committee instructed its chairman to
I make a report recommending a tepeal of the res-
1 olutionofthe 4thofMay, 1848,under which these
: clerks have been heretofore employed. There has
! been no call on the Committee on Public Lands
I since that time, and, of course, the committee has
