1859 1
APPENDIX YO THE CONGRESSIONAL GW&&.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Slave Trade Laws—Mr. Sewatd.
Ho. or Reps.
Federal Government to interdict it? Congress had
no such power prior to 1808. When and how has
the power been acquired subsequent to 1808?
To declare the slave trade piracy, is to declare
that General Washington, and the members of
the convention that framed the Constitution were
pirates, and that the Constitution was but an or-
ganization to shield pirates, and that this nation
was a nation of pirates for twenty years.
The power is claimed by way of inference, be-
cause of a limitation upon Congress not to pro-
hibit this trade prior to 1808.
The tenth article of the Constitution expressly
declares that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the Stales respectively, or to the people."
It cannot be insisted that any power is dele-
gated to Congress to punish the slave trade as
piracy. It is not a power delegated or enumer-
ated, and cannot be covered by the general clause
in the Constitution giving Congress the power to
make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers* and all other powers vested by this Con-
stitution m the Government of the United States,
or in any department or officer thereof. There is
^ no delegation of or enumeration of such power to
* carry into execution.
The clause in relation to the importation of
slaves grants no power, but expressly denies and
prohibits the exercise of such power, prior to
1808. When 1808 arrived what then was to be
done? The States had exercised the right to im-
port Africans for twenty years. Did this right
cease then? I answer, no. The prohibition was
upon Congress, prior to that time. Now, how
could Congress acquire the right to exercise this
power after 1809? I answer, only by the con-
sent of the States. This prohibition upon Con-
gress in the Constitution, prior to 1808, was a
compromise, for the time being, and was intended
to act upon Congress, and to stand in the way of
any alteration of the Constitution until the twenty
years should expire. Then the question, if ne-
cessary, was to be considered by the States, and
if they thought proper to confer the power upoa
Congress to interdict the foreign slave trade, it
could be done.
In the original draft of the Constitution pre-
pared by the committee of detail, as reported
upon this subject, is to be found this clause:
" No tax or duty shall he laid by the Legislature on arti-
cles exported from any State ; nor oil the mi<rrauon or im-
portation of such persons as the several States shall think
proper to admit; nor shall such migration or importation
bfi prohibited."
Mr. Rutledge, of South Carolina, made the re-
port. (See Debates in the Federal Convention,
page 379.)
The following is a synopsis of the debate touch-
ing this question: *
" Mr. L. Martin proposed to vary this clause so as to allow
a prohibition or tax on the importation ofhi.ives. Inthefiist
place, as five slaves aie to be counted as three freemen in
the apportionment of Representatives, such a clause would
leave an encouiairement to tins tiaftio.
" Mr. ltutledge did not see how the importation of slaves
cnuld be eneouiaged by this section. He was not appiehen-
sive of m&uriecnon-, and would ieadi!y exempt the othei
State* from the obligation to profcet the southern Slates
against tliem. Religion and humanity has nothing to do with
this. Interest alone is the governing principle among na-
tions. Tne true quesfou at present is whethei the south-
ern States shall or shall not be parties to the-Umon. If the
northern States consult their own mteiest they will not
oppohe the inciease of Maves, which will merea^e the com-
modities of which they will become the cainets.
"Mi. Ell-worth, (of Connecticut,) was for leaving the
clause as it stands. Let every State import what it pleases.
The molality or wisdom oi'slaveiy are considerations be-
longing to the States themselves. YVhat enueher. apart en-
liehcs the whole, ami the States are the best judges of their
partieular interest. The old Confedeiation ha-> not meddled
with thi^pomt; and be did not see any greater necessity
for bringing it within the policy oi the new one."
•' Mi. I'liickney. South Carolina can never receive the
plan, if it prohibits the >lave tiade. In every proposed ex-
tension ot the povver-s of Coneie^, that State has expiesaly
and watchfully excepted to that of meddling with the im-
portation ot nejrroes. Jr the States be all lelt at liberty on
this irubieot, South Carolina may, poihaps by degrees, do
of her-eif what is wished, as Virginia and Mar} land already
have done.
" Mi. Flierinau, of Connecticut, was for leaving the clause
as it stands. Ho disapproved of the slave trade. Yet, as
the States were possees-ed of the light to i-mpoit slaves, as
the public good did not requno it to be taken from them,
and it was expedient to have as fexv objections as possible
to the proposed Scheme of Government, he thought it be^t
to leave the matter a? we find it.
" Mr. Baldwin had conceived national objects alone to
be before the Convention; not such as hke the present
were, of a local nature. Georgia was decided on this point.
"Mr. Gerry, of Massachusetts, thought We had nothing
to do with the conduct of the States as to slaves, but Ought
to be careful not to give any sanction to it.
"Mr. Williamson thought the southern States could not
be' Members of the Union if the clause should he rejected ;
and that it was wrong to force anything down not abso-
lutely necessary, and which any State mast disagree to.
"Mr. Rutledge. If the Convention thinks that North
Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, will ever agree to
the plan, unless their right to unpoit slaves be untouched,
the expectation is vam."
The fifth article of the Constitution, proposed
originally, read thus:
"The Legislature of the United States, whenever two
thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, or on the
application of two thirds of the Legislatures of the several
States, shall propose amendments to this Constitution,
which shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as part
thereof, when the same shall have been ratified by three
fourths thereof, as one or the other mode of ratification may
be proposed by the Legislature of the United States."
Mr. Rutledge said he never could agree to give
a power by which the articles relating to slaves
might be altered by the States not interested in
that property, and prejudiced against it. In order
to obviate this objection, these words were added
to the proposition:
"Provided, That no amendments, winch may be made
prior to 1808, shall, m any manner, affect the fourth and
fifth sections of the seventh article."
Which fourth and fifth sections alluded to now
stand in the Constitution as the ninth section.
This proviso to the fifth article prevented the al-
teration of the Constitution, which prohibited
Congress from interfering with the importation
of slaves prior to 1808. The very fact that Con-
gress could not prohibit the importation of slaves
prior to 1808, and that the Constitution could not,
in this respect, be altered before that time, clearly
shows that, while the slave States who thought
proper to import slaves should be protected against
the non-slaveholding States for twenty years, that
after that period, if the power to interfere with
the importation of Africans was to be exercised,
it must be by an alteration of the Constitution in
the manner therein prescribed for its amendment,
and not otherwise; and without such an amend-
ment, the States cannot be deprived of this right.
This view of the subject, I think, is conclusive,
from the fact that the convention had the propo-
sition made by Mr. Dickinson to amend the sec-
tion in regard to the importation of slaves, thus:
" The importation of slaves into such of the States as
shall permit the same, shall not he prohibited by the Legis-
lature of the United States until the yeai 3808."
If this clause had been adopted, it might have
strengthened the inference that after that time
Congress should exercise the power. As it was
rejected, and as the Constitution itself provides
against any amendment affecting the rights of the
States to import Africans prior to 1808, it follows
that such power cannot be vested in Congress
without an alteration of the Constitution, to take
place after 1808. The Constitution not having
been amended since that date, to effcct this pur-
pose, Congress possesses no such power, and all
and every act of Congress prohibiting the foreign
slave trade is void. Georgia, South Carolina, and
North Carolina declared in convention that if the
slave trade was prohibited, these States would not
consent to the Union. To prevent this calamity,
the future power of Congress, after 1808, in re-
gard to the importation of slaves, was to be set-
tled by the States, should they think a convention
necessary to be held for this purpose.
Massachusetts was the first State that partici-
pated in the slave trade. The colonies were pre-
vented by the British Crown from interdicting the
slave trade. William Pcnn introduced slaves into
Pennsylvania, and, it is said, died a slaveholder.
The Rev. Mr. Whilefield was mainly instru-
mental in inducing the trustees of the colony of
Georgia to remove the prohibition to the intro-
duction of slaves in that colony, and became a
slaveholder, and cultivated a farm in South Car-
olina at a place he named Providence. In a letter
he addressed to the trustees in 1748, he says:
"Blessed be God. this plantation has succeeded; and
though at present I have only eight working hand.:, yet, in
all probability, there will bis more raised rrt onfc year, and
With a quarter of the expense, than has been produced at
Bethesda for several years past. This confirms me in the
opinion I have entertained for & Jong time, thai Gdorgik
fieveroan, or frill be, a flourishing province without ftegroVg
are allotted."—Steuerts's History of Georgia, 310.
When this Government wds established, all the
colonies held Slaves, unless it tfiay have b'een
Massachusetts. The slave trade #3$ encour&gg&
and maintained by Great Britain. The colonies
wfcrfe supplied With nfefrcteS by the British traders,
and Corfgress was prohibited, when the Consti-
tution was adopted, from interfering With the im-
portation of African Slaves in the then existing
States, and yet it is insisted Chat the power to
prohibit this trade was conferred Kport Congress
by reason of the limitation to 1808. It cannot be
that the States represented in the convention,
could ever have conceived thatitWohald be claimed
that the people of their respective States -frere to
be branded aS p/irates, and punrshed <vith death.
Why should the slav6 trade he denounced as pi-
racy? Has not negro slavery been a blessing to
the Government and the people, as tyell as to the
Slaves themselves Has not slavery added to the
prosperity of the SotztH, and added to the wealth
of the North > Is it not to the interest of the North
that slave labor shall he fostered and protected?
The South furnishes from its labor $160,000,000
of cotton, about thirty million dollars of which is
manufactured in the United States, and mostly at
the North. The South furnishes about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand hogsheads of sugar, and
about thirteen million gallons of sirup from slave
labor, besides timber, leather, hides, and wool;
all of which contribute to the comfort and wealth
of the North,and furnish the materials which give
life and activity to the manufacturing interest of
the northern States, and healthy and honorable
labor for more than one million of laborers em-
ployed in manufactures, most of whom reside in
the non-slavoholding States. While the South
thus contributes to the wealth of the North, in
return the South is supplied with manufactured
articles. The four million of southern slaves are
mostly clad with the cotton and woolen goods
manufactured at the North. The §50,000,000 of
capital employed in the shoe trade is made profit-
able by the large supply of shoes necessary for
the slaves.
The iron interest is greatly advanced by slave
labor, in furnishing the various implements of
husbandry, working tools, and castings, all neces-
sary to the southern planter for the successful
prosecution of agricultural labor. And so in every
department of business, the labor of both sections
is beneficially reciprocal. There is no antago-
nism between the labor of the two sections of the
Union. The dissimilarity of labor is such that
the white labor of the North is sustained by the
slave labor of the South, and southern labor is
made more profitable by the white labor of the
North; and thus the two systems of labor are
harmonious and beneficial.
As the South increases the number of slaves
commensurate with the capacity of the soil, to
this extent there is an increase of production fur-
nishing still greater stimulus to the industry of
the North, and still enhancing the value of the
products of southern labor.
Then, may I not ask if slave labor is not prof-
itable to every section of the Union ?
The very statement of facts as they exist de-
monstrates that there is no hostility between the
labor of the two sections.
The next consideration presented involves the
humanity of slavery. Is slavery inhuman ? The
most mistaken fanatic would answer no, if he
would visit the South and witness the humane
treatment of the master to the slave. Well fed,
well clothed, and kindly treated m sickness and
ii in health, he pursues his daily labor with a cheer-
i; fulness and exemption from care not found among
f the laboring classes of any other country. Edu-
cated to a system of healthy and respectable
labor, he is guarded against the common vices
which too often afflict society. His leligious
rights are recognized and respected,and his con-
dition is far above the idle and dissolute free black
^ man, uncontrolled by any discipline, and left
I without the wholesome advice and restraint which
! a benevolent and kind master is always ready to
