1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Curtis.
Ho. of Reps.
ter, involving only a small matter compared with
what private enterprise has done. To reconcile
sectional and local feeling and interests, the bill
starts with two branches, which increases the re-
quisite length to two thousand miles;and the sim-
ple question is, what aid, per mile, must be given
to secure this work? The bill offers, for the first
degree of longitude, (52.20 miles,) three thou-
sand eight hundred and forty acres of land, and
advances $8,000 per mile; on the next degree of
longitude, (52.20 miles,) five thousand one hun-
dred and twenty acres of land, and $9,000 per
mile; on the third degree of longitude, (as we
proceed from both ends,) six thousand fouV hun-
dred acres of land, and $10,000 in bonds; so in-
creasing from cach end, passing thirteen degrees
of longitude, when at the center of the line, longi-
tude 110° 30', which, on the parallels of 40° or
4i°of north latitude, is the region of Green river,
the most remote, mountainous, and expensive
portion of the line, twenty thousand four hundred
acres of land,<uid $21,000 per mile. As before
stated, the average, per mile, is about twelve thou-
sand acres of land, and $14,500 in bonds. The
aggregate, for the two thousand miles, twenty-four
million acres, and $29,000,000 of bonds.
Thus stated, the problem and its solution are
simple. The bill provides for the submission of
the matter to capitalists, and before the Govern-
ment is bound, another Congress must ratify. I
believe these figures are sufficient. If they were
all doubled, the vast importance of the work
would justify their favorable consideration.
route adopted.
The vast consequences to our country, to locali-
ties, and to commerce, which must result from
the construction of a Pacific railroad, cause the
question of location to be the most difficult and
exciung obstacle to the determination of congres-
sional action.
Wherever the road be loeated, great advant-
ages must inure; and therefore, every section de-
sires the advantage of location to itself, and dreads
the prestige such a location would give to a rival
section. Reconcile these antagonisms, and we
would easily reconcile other difficulties which
have for yeais postponed the action of Congress.
Explorations have been made at great cost, and
the reports of these surveys are contained in ten or
eleven large volumes. The chiefs of the survey
of at least four lines have reported their specialty
to be piacticable, and for some reasons, cach has
presented his as superior to all the others. In
point of fact, cach route has some peculiar advant-
age, and each some peculiar difficulty. To pre-
sent the favorable and unfavorable features of
each route, would extend my remarks far beyond
our one hour rule. I must therefore confine my-
self mainly to the consideration of the advantages
of a central route, such as tho bill of the select
committee proposes.
centrality.
The four routes, which have been reported as
practicable, are located as follows:
1. The route by the Gila river, through Ari-
zona, on the parallel of 3C20. It runs near our
southern boundary.
2. The route through Albuquerque, near the
parallel of 35°. It is within four degrees of our
southern boundary.
3. The route by the Platte valley, Salt Lake,
andHumboldt valley, near the parallel of 41°; the
centra) line.
4. The route from St. Paul to Puget Sound,
being northwaid between the parallels of 44° and
49°; near our northern border.
The section of country west of the present rail-
road system, lies mainly between the parallels of
31° and 49°, north latitude. It is, therefore,
18° wide; and the latitude of 4CP would be the
geographical center line of that western territory.
The bill proposing to start two converging lines,
one from Missouri and the other from Iowa, form
fin angle very nearly bisected by this centialline
4U°. The bill, therefore, provides,geogiaphically,
for a central route.
Tho honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Piielps] has denominated his favorite line a
"central route," although it follows nearly the
parallel of 33°. 1 have said the western territory
lies mainly between the thirty-firstand forty-mnth
degrees of nor'h latitude. The width is eighteen
degrees. If four were the half of eighteen, then
the thirty-fifth parallel, which is four degrees
from the southern extremity of this territory,
would be a " central route." True, he proposes to
start from St. Louis, latitude 38° 30', and end at
San Francisco, latitude 370 45'; but the main
trunk of his line is 011 the parallel of 35°, and
the bending of the ends northward, only gives it
ill shape, great length, and no just claim to the
name of a u central route."
The bill here presented does not define points
between the termini. The road may pass the
mountains through the Co-che-to-pe Pass, the
Chayenne Pass, or the South Pass. The surveys,
in my judgment, show the route by the Platte
valley, Lodge-pole creek, Chayenne Pass, near
the parallel of 41°, to be most favorable; and I
therefore take that line of survey as"*the basis of
my aigument for a central route, being much
nearer than any reported practicable, and only
varying1 one degree from the central line. It is
very direct on the forty-first parallel, as the sur-
vey shows. To pass through the Co-che-to-pe
Pass, we would be carried south to the thirty-
ninth degree, and to pass through what is called
the South Pass, we have to go north to the forty-
second degree. Either pass, however, would not
materially vary from centrality; and although I
regard the Chayenne Pass route, as preferable,
the bill does not restrict the line to any mountain
pass, and the road may go either by the Co-che-
to-pe Pass, the Chayenne Pass, or the South
Pass, as all these are between 39° and 42°. The
route of 410 being the shortest and best, and "the
bill encouraging a direct line, I proceed to call it
the line of 41°.
This line is central as to the great railroad lines
which have passed the Alleghany Mountains, the
Mississippi valley, and are now progressing west
of the " Father of Waters." It is a line winch,
being prolonged, will pass through the center of
our population, and the center of our wealth.
It is, in every point of vie%, ike central route.
the shortest line.
The continent narrows, as we proceed south-
ward, till, in Central America, its width is only
about one hundred and fifty miles. If the object
were to find the shortest line from ocean to ocean,
we would only have to approach as near to the
I isthmus as possible, to accomplish our purpose.
] Hut this is not the object of a Pacific railroad. Our
1 object is, or should be, to connect the center of
| our Atlantic population with the center of our Pa-
i cific population. Pittsburg is about the center of
I Atlantic population and Sacramento is near the
1 center of Pacific population. No Pacific railroad
, would be satisfactory, if it did not connect with
i our great Pacific harbor at San Francisco. Con-
| necting Pittsburg and San Francisco by any in-
i tenor system, would effect the greatest good to
1 the greatest number. The great object and argu-
| meat must be a military defense for our Pacific
settlements. A road to a southern or northern
port of the Pacific, which would require an ocean
steam connection, would not effect a military ob-
ject, because such ocean steamers would be ex-
posed, 111 time of war, to the same dangers as
those we now have from Panama. We want a
safe, central route, on the most duect line, to the*
navigable waters of the Sacramento, and its inte-
rior navigable point is near latitude 40° north.
The railroads having extended to the Missouri
river, the object to be attained is therefore accom-
plished by a line from the navigable waters of the
Mississippi or Missouri to the navigable waters
of the Sacramento. I have laid down these prem-
ises, so as to fairly present the length of different
lines, and show that this central line is the short-
est. The table of lines piesented by the Sccretaiy
of War, and inserted in the speeches of Senator
Gwin and others, does not start the lines or tad
them fairly, and theiefoi e that table docs not fanly
show the lelative length of lines.
The man to which I have before referred, pre-
pared at tho office of explorations and surveys
of the War Department, shows at a glance not
only the centrality of this line, but also the proper
place to start and terminate each line. Take, fir&t,
the southern line. In the table, it starts from
Fulton, which is one hundred and fifty miles in
a right line from either a railroad or a navigable
point on a navigable river. The table starts the
line of the thirty-fifth parallel at Fort Smith, two
hundred and seventy miles west of Memphis,
which is the proper point of navigable water to
start from, since the Arkansas is not such a stream
as to deserve to be called navigable. I present
the length of lines as this map shows them. Start-
ing, as I have said, from navigable points, and
terminating either at San Francisco or at a naviga-
ble point on the Sacramento, which effects a con-
venient connection with San Francisco. These
I present are the right termini by which to com-
pare lines. Start from a real navigable river, and
run to San Francisco, or to the Sacramento river.
This map shows the practical routes as de-
termined by the elaborate surveys made by the
War Department:
Tim southern route, parallel 32* : Miles.
From Gaines, on the Mississippi, to Fulton  150
From Fulton to San Fiancisco 2,024
Total   .3,174
2. The Albuquerque route on the parallel of 35°:
From Memphis to Fort Smith    270
Fioin Fort Smith to Sau Francisco 2,096
Total .2,696
3. The central, or Platte valley, Salt Lake, route,
parallel 41° :
From Council Bluffs to San Francisco   1,987
Deduct navigable water line of the Sacramento, as sta-
ted by Lieutenant Abert    265
Total  1.72-2
4. Northern, or St. Paul and Puget Sound route
parallel of 44° to 49° :
Vancouver to St. Pan! .1,800
To got from ihis hne to the navigable waters of
Sacramento, estimated at least ,  400
Total ^200
By this showing, taken from this map which
speaks for itself, you perceive the central route
is four hundred and fifty-two miles shorter than
the shortest. Take a careful or casual view of
this map, which shows all these various lines
marked and distances stated, and you will per-
ceive the same thing is proved also geometrically.
i have taken some trouble to place this point
beyond dispute, because many seem to have
blundered into error on this subject. 1 again ex-
press the difference, four hundred and fifty-two
miles shorter than any other route.
branch connections.
The central position of this line makes the
sum of the branches from the south and the north
not only mathematically shorter than they other-
wise would be, but it is especially convenient for
branch lines, as they can follow the great river
channels in approaching the mam trunk. For in-
stance: from Memphis, follow up the valley of
White river; from Fort Smith, follow up the
Neosho; from St. Paul, follow the channel of the
St. Peter's to the south bend of that river, and
thence, via Sioux City, approach the main trunk.
It will be seen that our river valleys make con-
venient approaches for railroad lines.
But it is for Pacific branches that this line is
especially convenient, and the only one that can ac-
commodate branches to all the Pacific ports. A south-
ern route would not accommodate Oregon and
Washington. A northern route would not ac-
commodate Utah or southern California; but from
the central line, you can branch fiom the Salt
Lake valley, so as to accommodate ail those west-
ern States and Territories.
This convenience of branches, especially to the
Pacific ports, seems to conclude the argument in
favor of the central route. To make a trunk hue,
inaccessible to Oregon and southern California,
would be absurd, and accomplish only a fraction
of the objects proposed.
practicability of the route.
This route has the advantage of following sev-
eral valleys where the grades are exceedingly
easy. These are, the valh'y of the Platte, which
extends about six hundied mil^s west from Coun-
cil Bluffs: the valley of Salt Lake; the valley of
the llumuoldt;and the valley of th * Sacramento—
more than two thirds of the line following these
valleys. This much of it is comparatively very
