353
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 24,
85r A GONG...;2d SESS.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Curtis.
Ho. of Reps.
easy to grade. Of the two thousand miles, at least
twelve hundred are of this eas^ surface grade, es-
pecially as the two branches proposed would be
in the general plane of Kansas and Nebraska,
which rises very gradually towards the mount-
ains, and is everywhere comparatively convenient
and inviting to railroad construction. There will
be, in the two thousand miles* about eight hun-
dred miles of hilly and mountainous line, which
is difficult and more expensive, as all such lines
are. A difficult work is concentrated within forty
or fifty miles on the western slope of the Nevada
mountains. But settlements are increasing on
both sides ofthe Nevada; it is a healthy, weli-tim-
bered, and well-watered country, in a gold-bear-
ing region, where private enterprise is now driving
forward stages, telegraphs, and other enterprises
which will aid the progress as they increase the
demand and secure the success of a railroad. *1
'frill speak of these difficulties when I come to' that
Section of the line.
The official surveys of this line have been made
and reported by Colonel Fremont, Captain Stans-
bury, Lieutenant Beckwith, Colonel Lander,
Lieutenant Bryant,ami Lieutenant Warren,who,
sit different times, have examififed the differertt
sections, and reported most favorably on the
route. All their reports are exceedingly interest-
ing-
But it is impossible to give, within rny-time,
half the testimonV which goes to etftrfblish the
practicability of this route. I will describe it in
sections, commencing at Council Bluffs, or St. Jo-
seph, Missouri, and proceeding west, give the
features of the line, and some of the proof which
proves its feasibility.
The two lines would soon converge, and, as I
suppose, uniting near Fort Kearny, follow the
valley of the Platte, about six hundred miles,
to the foot of the Black hills. Lieutenant War-
ren speaks of this section as follows:
"The JPlatte riocr is the most important tributary of the
Missouri, in the region under consideration ; its broad and
grass-covered valley leading to the west, furnishes one of
the best wagon mads of its length iu America. From ita
mouth to the fork<«, the bluffs (ire, from two to five miles fioin
the water, making an intermediate bottom valley of from
four to eight miles wide. From the forks to Fort Laramie,
the btuftb ooca-ionally corac down to (he watei's rdjje, and
the road ha« to cioss the points of the ridges. From Ash
Hollow to Fort Laramie, the road is sometimes heavy with
saud. Fine cotton wood grows, along the banks, and on the
island-*, from the mouth to Fort Kearny; from here up it is
scaice, and of small size. Cedar is found in the ravines of
the bluffs, and m the neighborhood ofthe forks, and above.
The river is about a mile wide, and flows over a sandy bot-
tom; when the banks are full, it is about six feet deep
throughout, having a remarkably level bed; but it is of no
use for navigation, as the bed is so broad that the water sel-
dom attains sufficient depth, and then the rise is of short
duration. The water is sometimes so low, as was the ca*e
la*t season, that it can be cio^sed anywhere without diffi-
culty, the only cf&re lequisite being to avoid quicksands."
"resettlements are now extended one hundred
miles on this section. If, as 1 prefer, we follow
the South Platte and Lodge-pole creek route; this
testimony relates to only three hundred and sev-
enty-three and a half miles of this section, where
Lieutenant Warren crossed the South Platte and
went north, leaving the route when he found the
road " sometimes heavy with sand."
Lieutenant Bryan extended surveys up the
South Platte and Lodge-pole creek to the mount-
ain passes. It is in this neighborhood (Cherry
creek is fifty miles south) the new gold discov-
eries are made, and miners are gathering by thou-
sands. According to Lieutenant Bryan, no seri-
ous difficulties occur on this section, except a
scarcity of timber. He says, (volume 2, part 2,
Executive Documents, 1857-8, page 478:)
"From thr Laramie crossing to the head of Lodge-pole
creek, the supply of good water is constant. The grass is
generally short, as on all the uplands, though there aie spots
occasionally met with, where a more liberal supply than
usual may be had. From the head of Pole creek, over the
west fork of Laramie river, to Budger's Pass, there is but
one route to be followed ; and, as it has already been de-
bcribed, I need not speak of it again here."
I suppose he refers to the report of Captain
Stansbury. Large groves of pine and other tim-
ber have been discovered this winter, by the mi-
ners, some thirty or forty miles south of Lodge-
pole creek. The details of Lieutenant Bryan's
report are favorable, but too lengthy. I refer to
his detailed report.
From the head of Lodge-pole creek to Salt Lake
City, we pass the Rocky and Wasateh ranges of
mountains; we also pass the valley of Green river;
where, for about two hundred miles, at various
places, coal is found in strata from two to ten
feet thick. Captain Stansbury explored this re-
gion; and I rgfer to his Work, from page 217 to
page 273. On page 226, speaking of coal, he
" The out cr<fp Wkb aboiit efghrt feet wide, By four feet
thick."
At another poin't, one hundred miles further
east, he says, page 234:
" At a point thirteen miles ffom the mouth of Bitter creek,
We found a bed ofbituminouscoal cropping outof the north
bluff of the valley, with every indication of its being quite
abundant."
On page 236, speaking of the portion three hun-
dred and thirty-onemiles between a summit of the
Rocky Mountains and Salt Lake, he says:
" We broke oftt, from a bed twelve feetthick, some beau-
tiful specimens of excellent bituminous coal, which burned
in our camp-fires, with a clear yellow flame."
At longitude 108°, latitude 41°, he says, (page
236:)
" Sandstone cliffs bound ttre valley on the north side, in
which I observed a straturti of coal, which was exposed for
a hundred yards, and was at least ten feet in thickness."
Hating closed his survey of the route, he says,
(page 142:)
" With the exception df the rough ground near the head
of the Muddy, which offers no obstruction of consequencc,
a perfectly feasible, and, indeed, a most excellent route,
whether for a wagon or railroad, has thus been traced, pre-
senting fewer obstacles to construction of either than almost
any tract of the same length in the country. The grades
will be easy, the bridging comparatively light, and, with
the exception of the crossing of the valley of the Muddy,
where a long and heavy embankment may be required, the
cutting and filling will be entirely within moderate limits.
In no case will an inclined plane be required; and the
route is more than usually free from the objection of high
and narrow canons, liable to be filled up or obstructed by
snow during the winter."
Again, (page 261,) speaking of this whole most
remote and difficult section:
" A glance at the map, and a little attention to the table
of latitudes, will show m, from Great Salt Lake City to
the head o'f Lodge-pole creek, a distance of four hundied
and eighty-four miles, the difference of latitude i* but
35' 42" ; and that, while the gieatest northing made by the
proposed line is but little more than 20'noith of Lodge-pole
creek, the greatest deviation to the south is but little more
than three miles ; so that the entire route through that long
distance varies but a trifle from a straight line."
And speaking of this route, as preferable to
going sixty miles further north, by the South
Pass, he says, (page 262.)
"A careful observation of the ground, on both routes,
has enabled me to form a general Comparison between
them ; and has led to the unhesitating conclusion that, in
point of diminished distance, easy grades, freedom from
scnous obstacles, and convenience and abundant supply of
materials foi construction, the line of tin*. reconnoissance
piesents a trace for a road that is not only perfectly feasible,
but decidedly preferable to the othBi."
Lieutenant Beckwith corroborates this testimony
(see volume 2, page 54, " Explorations and sur-
veys for a railroad route," &c.) when he speaks
of 4< the Green river basin, and the coal basin of
Green river from being abundantly supplied with
that important article. It is more than two hun-
dred miles in extent, from east to west; and has
a variable width, north and south, from twenty
to ovpi* a hundred miles."
Speaking about snow in this region, about which
much is said against a central route, and fearful
in any country, where houses are not yet con-
structed, he says:
" The trading post at Fort Bridger has been occupied
constantly for the last ten years; but the district was much
frequented before, by traders and trappers, who&e effect* are
always tranxportod by cattle, which subsist themselves,
throughout the year, by grazing—a fact remarkably signifi-
cant of the winter climate anil depth of snow which falls in
the district, the general elevation of which may be safely
taken at seven thousand feet above the sea. And it is said,
by these people to be a well-established fact, that horned
cattle, of which their stock largely consists, cannot so sub-
sist when the snow is deep enough to bury their eyes and
enter their ears as they feed."
A large number of our army encamped last
winter in that region of Fort Bridger, and we now
have about a thousand miners spending the win-
ter at the head of the Platte, about forty-five
miles south of this line. My son (a boy of only
twenty years) writes me, January 5, from "Arap-
ahoe," at the fort hills of the Rooky Mountains:
" The snow fell last niglu to the depth of three or four
inches. It is the first snow we have had for about a month;
and all of tlie former shows had passed off during the ex-
ceedingly pleasant weather we have been enjoying for some
time past."
In further refutation of this snow argument,
and to show the mildness of the winter in the new
mining region, I extract from a letter just re-
ceived of January 16th, from Peter Haas, who
writes frorii Aran, to inform me that my son,
with six others, started " on the 13th January,
aibout noon, in good spirits. Each one had thirty-
days' rations strapped upon his back, besides
their lire-arms. They took with them one hci-se
on which were packed their blankets, prospecting
tools, and cooking utensils. There is consider-
able excitement just now about rock diggings
being discovered on the other side of the mount-
ains, and if there is anything of it, these boys
will know it."
Such a journey over the mountains would
scarcely have been ventured by such a party,
prior to the settlement of the mountain region of
Virginia or Pennsylvania; and shows that, on the
spot, at midwinter, no fearful apprehension is
felt for those snows, that some have thought an
insurmountable obstacle to a central railroad.
Where there are no settlements, snow, be it ever
so little, is dangerous to a sojourner; but when-
ever a railroad reaches this country, sufficient set-
tlements will attach to it. Besides, plank fences
and snow-plows have overcome snow on rail-
roads, and, in future times, it will be wondered
that this snow argument, against this or any other
route, has received even a passing notice. Snow is
a great relief that nature provides for the parched
earth, and prepares it for its summer products.
I dwell upon this matter of snow, because it has
been made the great argument against a central
route; whereas it is really an argument in its fa-
vor. There is less snow on this line than we have
on the same parallel east of the Ohio.
So much for the route to Salt Lake, to the Mor-
mon settlement, where we have a population of
at least forty thousand, and an army of two or
three thousand, with which we must have constant
communication. From Salt Lake City to the
Nevada Mountains, a section of about six hun-
dred miles, we have the valley of the Salt Lake
and Humbold t river, level or easily-graded plains.
But the line is interrupted by the Humboldt
i Mountains, which, however, are not difficult to
' pass. Scarcity of timber is the principal diffi-
culty encountered. Cedar is found in the Hum-
boldt Mountains, but in places ties may have to
be transported from fifty to sixty miles. The
description of this section, comprising the'Mor-
mon settlement and the Carson Valley settlement,
is too well known to require much consideration.
Its particular features are stated in the report of
Lieutenant Beckwith, volume 2, pages 60 to 70,
Explorations.
The last section, about two hundred miles in
length, includes the Nevada Mountain, where sev-
eral passes have been surveyed, and are said to be
practicable. In passing this mountain, you have
to rise twelve hundred feet, and descend twenty-
four hundred feet. The rise is easy, and the de-
scent is distributed over sixty-seven miles. On
the summit of this mountain there is a level plain
some thirty or forty miles in width. After what
we have seen in passing the Alleghany Mount-
ains, there can be no doubt of the practicability*
of passing this mountain through the Madalin,
Noble's, or Carson river Pass. Rather than go a
great distance out of line to avoid such a mount-
ain, we would adopt the improved inclined planes,
which some insist are now the cheapest way to
overcome elevations. Or we may adopt the zig-
zag or Y boyeau construction, that has occasion-
ally been successfully used on the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad.
But there is no need of such an expedient. The
surveys of Captain Beckwith show the probabil-
ity of passing the Nevada Mountains by using
grades that have been successfully tested. The
most formidable obstacle, in the route which he
seems to prefer, is two canons through which
the Sacramento runs, and through which it is pro-
posed to carry the railroad.
As this is the great obstacle, I give his descrip-
tion and ask railroad men to consider it for them-
selves. To me, after much personal experience
in works contiguous to water courses.it does not
appear very formidable. After describing the easy
