1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
TIMBER, ETC., ON MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rrtnh'ed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to mqune whether any further legislation be neces-
sary to more effectually prevent the waste and destruction
of timber anti other public property on the military reserva-
tions of the United States, and to report by bill or otherwise.
KANSAS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
I have given previous notice, to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the admission of the State of
Kansas into the Union," approved May 4, 1858.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Several gentle-
men have informed me of their desire to engage
in general discussion. I move, therefore, that the |
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of holding an
evening session.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 41, noes 82.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. John
Cochrane in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the President's message.
Mr. BLISS obtained the floor; but yielded it to
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, who moved that
the committee take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
accordingly (at four o'clock and five minutes, p.
m.,) took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee icassembled at seven o'clock,
and lesumed the consideration of the President's
message, upon which Mr. Bliss was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BLISS addressed the committee upon the
subject of the Federal judiciary, contending that
the'Supreme Court was not authority upon polit-
ical questions, and that its decisions upon consti-
tutional questions must not necessarily stand until
reversed.
Mr. WALTON. I have, Mr. Chairman, pre-
pared, with much labor, an argument mainly sta-
tistical, upon the necessity, and, as I think, upon
the proper principles, of a revision of the tariff,
to meet the necessities of the Government and
the business of the country. It is not so well fitted
for deliveiy as for the press, and therefore I ask
leave of the committee to print the same.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. T shall interpose
110 objection, provided the gentleman will indi-
cate in the Globe that the speech was not de-
livered ill the Hall, but printed by consent of the
committee.
Mr. WALTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, addressed the
committee on the subject of the President's annual
message, particularly in regard to the tariff, and
other kindred topics.
Mr. VANCE addressed the committee upon
the subjects of the tariff, the public lands, anil
the bill'granting pensions to the soldiers of the
war of 1812.
Mr. CLAY addressed the committee upon Eng-
land, Central America, and the Clayton-Buhver
treaty, the slave tiade, and the engagements of
the Government of Great Britain respecting it, :
and the acquisition in any manner'bf the Island |
of Cuba. I
[Tliese speeches will be found in the Appendix.] I
Mr. DURFEE. Mr. Chairman, at the re- j
quest of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loie- '
joy,] who has been called away, I have obtained ,
the floor, which I shall give to him when we meet j
again in committee. I say this that there may be }
no misunderstanding. . !
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the committee ;
rise. , ]
The motion was agreed to. _ ;
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. John Cochrane reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the annual message of the President
of the United States, and su-ndry resolutions pro-
posing to refer the same, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
And then on motion of Mr. BOWIE, (at ten
o'clock and twenty-five minutes,p. tn.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 8, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. W. F. Speake.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information relative to the expe-
diency of transferring the revenue-cutter service
from the Treasury to the Navy Department;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answeu to n reso-
lution of the Senate, relative to the construction
of a building at Springfield, Illinois, for the ac-
commodation of United States courts and post
office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That communication is
in answer to a resolution introduced by me. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITCI-I subsequently said: I think there j
was a motion made by the Senator from Illinois j
to print some document, the reading of which I j
did not listen to. I simply call attention to it
fi om the fact that I find it has been ordered to be
printed without the reference of the question to
the Committee on Piinting, as required by the
rule. If it «s a document, the propriety of the
printing of which can admit of no debate, of
course I am not disposed to interfere with it; but
if it is a mere drag-net to bring something before
the Senate of no apparent use, I prefer that the
inquiry as to printing should go to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a short communica-
tion slating the leason why the building has not
been commenced at Springfield, Illinois, for which
an appropriation was made, and will not cover, I
presume, more than a quarter of a sheet of paper.
I have no objection to its going to the Committee
on Printinsr.
Mr. F1TCII. It is not the expense in any one
case, but there is a principle involved in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection that
it should be considered as having gone to the
Committee on Printing. It is an unimportant mat-
ter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will understand that as the sense of the Senate,
unless objected to. The question of printing will
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
HOUSE" BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 8C3) for the relief of Lucy
A. Wakefield, widow of Benjamin Wakefield,
was read twice by its title; and, on the motion of
Mr. Allen, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KENNEDY presented resolutions of the
State of Maryland, in favor of the enactment of
a law for the'final settlement and payment of the
half pay for life, promised by the Continental Con-
gress, to the officers of the revolutionary army
who should serve to the end of the war; which
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Maryland, relative to the erection of a
monument to the memory of Major General
Baron De Ivalb; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
the State of New York, praying the erection of
earth-work redoubts for the defense of the city of
j New Yoik and its vicinity; which was referred
| to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
! Militia.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. I present a memorial of E.
i N. Hadduek and others, piaymg the passage of
i- I
a law to legalize the sale of the site of Fort Dear-
born. The property has been sold, and the money
paid into the Treasury many years ago, but a
question has arisen on some technical exceptions
as to the mode of sale. I ask leave, also, to in-
troduce a bill and refer it to the Committee on
Public Lands, with the memorial.
The bill (S. No. 565) to legalize the sale of the
fcouthwest quarter of section ten, in township
thirty-nine, north of range fourteen, east of the
third principal meridian in the Slate of Illinois,
was read twice by its title and referred, with the
memorial, to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Waid, praying the appointment of a
board for the purpose of examining the various
systems of marine signals; which was referred
to the Committee, on Commerce.
Mr. CHESNUT presented the petition of offi-
cers of the Army stationed at Fort Dallas, Texas,
praying that provision may be made for support-
ing bands ill the military service; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. POLK presented two memorials of citizens
of Washington county, Missouri, praying that
a duty be imposed on iron sufficient to afford pro-
tection to the labor of the country employed in
the manufacture thereof; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of Daniel
McAvery, a soldjer in the Army during the Flor-
ida war, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
RELATIONS WITH CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcboh-cd, That the President of the United Slates be re-
i quested to communicate the instiuctions from the Depart-
| incut of State to William Carey Jones, as special agent of
! the United States, winch aie alluded to in Executive Doc-
i uinent of the House of Representatives, No. 2, of tlie
j Thirty-Fifth Congress, second session, p:ige 58, being a
pait ot a dispatch from the Secretary 01 Slale to the Min-
ister of the United Stales to Nieaiagua and Corta Itica,
] dated July 25, 1658. Also, such cories-pondcnce, or any
part thereof, that Mr. Join:-- may have had in said capacity
I with the Department of State, as me pnbiicnuon ot will,
in the opinion of the Pre-adcnl, not be inconsistent with
! the public interest; also, any correspondence or any facts
I that may be m the knowledge ol the Executive Dcpart-
i meats of the Government, on which eonld have been based
| the tollowuig declaration " ot Juan R Mora and Tonias
] Maitine/,," under the name of " the supieine chiefs of the
I two Republics of Nieaiagua and Cosla Ilica," dated at
| Kivas, May 1. 1S53, impeaching official agents ofthe United
, Slates, viz : '-That hitheito all the oliicial agents of tile
| United Slates at Nicaragua have been the accomplice; and
auxihaues of the invadt'rs, acting as masters, and aiula-
j ciously homing the flag of the United States in all pans
I where, a* at San Juan del Sui, the flag of Nieaiagua only
i ouiilit to float, and openly menaced Cential Ameiiea with
an inevitable annexation." Al-o, whether any apology or
explanation that has been given to this Government on tile
part of said " supreme chiefs,includes a withdrawal of
t he impeachment so made against " oliicial agents ofthe
United States;" and also, that, as far as may he contest-
ant with the public interest, any apology oi explanation that
! the authorities of Costa Rica and Nieaiagua may have
made with reference to said declaration.
GRANITE FOR THE TREASURY BUILDING.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tiea-urv he directed
tomtorm the Senate the amount already paid for granite
tm the con- !; action of the south wing el the Tieasury De-
partment, togethei with an estimate of the amount that will
he uece^aiy to pay tor the gianite to complete the said
wtug of ihc Tiea^uiy building.
ACCEPTANCE OF MEDALS.
The joint resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 52) giving the consent of Con-
gress to the acceptance, by Captain M. F.Maury
and Professor A. D. Bache, of gold medals from
the Sardinian Government, was read twice by its
title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON That subject was before the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Sena-
tor from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] was in-
structed to report a bill of that character. I would
therefore request that the question be taken on
the passage of the resolution at once.
Mr. SHIELDS. With the consent of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, I ask that the joint
i resolution be referred, because I know the Sena-
