1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Curtis.
Ho. of Reps.
ascent, from the east to the broad, fiat, timbered
summit of the Nevada; and after proceeding with
no serious difficulties to the declining plain, from
whence he could overlook the vast valley of the
Sacramento, which leads to the Pacific ocean, he
thus speaks of this " canon of the Sacramento:"
" This canon is a formidable obstacle to overcome. Its
entire length isthnteen and seventy-four hundredths miles,
surrounded by an open valley of similar extent, which is
followed by another canon eight and ninety-five hundredths
miles in length, of the same character as the first. The
nver, as it enters the first eafion, i& from thirty to fojty feet
wide, flowing with a rapid currentover a bed of rocks; and
it is sixty feet wide as it enters the second canon, just be-
low the junction of Fall river, and flows over a similar bed
with an equally swift current.
"At their heads, these canons are vertical trachytic
rocks, eighty feet high, with large masses of fallen rocks
accumulated at the bases of the walls. The first is cut
through a high plain for six miles; the plain then rises
somewhat, and is surmounted by high sloping ridges rising
five or six hundred feet above it, and the canon becomes
much broader, and its walls more elevated for two miles,
to where it makes a large bend to the north ; below this the
walls gradually decrease, and in two nnles the canon open3
to the width of half a mile, which it preserves for three
miles to the succecding valley. The highest portions of the
walls rise two hundied feet above the stream, with an ac-
cumulation of fallen rocks extending half way to the top.
For eight miles the course of the cation is direct. It then
makes a long bend to the north, and is followed by two or
three short curves, but with a generally direct course. Its
open part is timbered, and its walls less abrupt; and on the
right bank of the stream the mountains, followed by the
river, extend considerably into the plain of Fall river. The
most favoiable line for the passage of a railway leads along
the plain on the north side of the river, and descends the
sides of the rocky lulls which surmount it, and continues
on the side of the mountain until it enters the plain of Fal
river. The second canon is only less formidable than the
first because it is of less extent."
It will be perceived the river is small—from
twenty to sixty feet wide. The cafion is straight,
or has long curves. Loose piles of rock lay along-
side of the stream. I do not perceive why these
loose piles of rock may not be distributed partly
in the stream and partly out of it, and with the
aid of side cuts, follow near the bed of the stream
instead of the side of the mountain.
Be this as it may, Lieutenant Beckwith has not
only carefully described these two gorges, which,
taken together, only extend over 22.69 miles; but
he shows how they may be overcome or avoided.
After reading his report, any practical railroad
constructor will be convinced of the practicability,
and, in some respects, interesting portions, of the
railroad route.
As his survey closed the survey to the West,
I will read his closing remarks on the general
character of this central route:
" Further surveys on this route would doubtless develop
important improvements at various pomts; and at two, at
least—one Irom the shore of the lake near Stansbury's
Island, by Pilot Peak, to the pass in the Humboldt mount-
ains; and the other, in crossing from Humboldt river to
Mud Lake—would piobably diminish the length of the line
by one hundred and six miles. The grade?, also, are doubt-
less susceptible of material improvement by minute surveys
with the spirit-level. There is an abundance of good btone
for bridges and building puiposes, at short intervals, upon
all part&of this line. Water is aUo found m abundance tor
railroad purposes throughout those portions of the Sierra
Nevada, Wasatch, and Rocky Mountains explored, and
also, at a few miles intervals, in the basin, where it usually
occurs m springs at the bas>ps of the mountains, and m
small streams descending from the higher peaks and ridges
to the adjacent plains.
" And a simple reference to the map of the route will ex-
hibit an important feature in the facts that m its remark-
ably direct course, for its great length, from the Missouri
west to the Pacific, it follows the ascending and descending
valleys} of permanent rivers and their tributaries, for more
than nvo thirds of its entire length, and that water is abun-
dant on all the intermediate spans, affording the means of
ini£auon to a large extent, wherever the lands aie tunable
for it; and that they will doubtless be found so, wherever
the sage plains are luxuriant, maybe inferred from the rich
aromatic odor and resinous propeities of that plant, and
fiom the exceedingly nutritious character of the glass scat ,
tered through it. And it is a well-known fact, that tiie ■
Moimons produce some of their first crops Irom reclaimed ,
bage plains. \
"Uy leferenoe to the map and accompanying table oflat- 1
itndes, it will be seen that the loute explored, conforms
throughout to a remarkably straight line,deviating west from
Fort Bndger onlv ut the Tnnpanozos canon, if that line be
prcfeired to the Weber, and on the northern portion of the
Sacramento river."
After these strong indorsements of the practi-
cability of this central route, by all the officers of
the Government who have beea directed to ex-
amine it, I can hardly conceive how it is that
doubts have been cast upon it by those^who never
did see it. The Secretary of War, Hon . Jeffer-
son Davis, speaking of this route, in his report
to Congress, although he favors the southern
route, thus speaks of this route on the parallel of
41°, evidently regarding it as next in his estima-
tion:
" The survey of tfy.e western portion of this route, by Lieu-
tenant Beckwith, has resulted m the discovery of a more
direct and practicable route than was believed to existfrom
the Great Salt Lake to the valley of the Sacramento. Since
his report was made, a brief communication from Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Steptoe,commanding the troops in Utah,
has announced the discovery of a still more direct route from
Great Salt Lake to San Francisco. The new portion of this
route passes to the south of Humboldt, or Mary's river, and,
entirely avoiding the difficulties experienced by travelers
along that stream, pioceeds to the valley of Carson river,
being well supplied with water and grass. From Carson
river it crosses the Sierra Nevada, by the passes at the head
of that river, and descends to the valley of the Sacramento,
being practicable throughout for wagons. In the absence of
insti umental surveys, affording data for the construction of
profiles, no opinion can be fonned as to the practicability
of this loute for a railroad. Should it be found practicable,
however, it will lessen the length of the route of the forty-
first paiallel, and still further diminish its difficulties, already
known to be less than on any other route, except that on
the thirty-second parallel.
This is true, except the exception. I do not ad-
mit that this route on the parallel of 410 has more
difficulties than those existing on any other line,
especially that of the thirty-second parallel. The
trouble with that line is, as I have shown, it is
four hundred and fifty-two miles longer than that
of the forty-first or central route.
The route of 32° runs through an unsettled
and far more desolate country, remote from pro-
visions and workmen to aid its construction;
whereas, the line of the forty-first degree runs
through several fertile valleys; and at several
points on the Platte, at the foot of the Rocky
Mountains, in Salt Lake valley, Carson valley,
and Sacramento valley, are large and growing
settlements, able to furnish men and means to aid
construction and furnish business to the road.
The route of 32° crosses great rivers, that can-
not be bridged. The route of 41° follows the
channels of rivers, and, from Philadelphia (which
is on the same parallel of forty-one) to San Fran-
cisco, all can easily be bridged.
The route of 320 crosses the deserts of the
Llano Estreado and the Colorado desert, together
with other long desert sections, where water is
only procured by digging,and in many portions,
sixty or eighty miles in length, none can be pro-
cured even in that way. On the route of 41°,
water is procured conveniently at all points.
The route of 32° is much more destitute of tim-
ber.
That of 41° has more timber, and the Green
river coal field, which occupies two hundred miles
on the central portion of the route, will furnish
fuel at the most destitute point.
The route of 32°, skirts the southern bound-
ary, could not connect with Oregon and Wash-
ington, and, as a military road, has not a safe or
suitable position for sending forces to the salient
point on the Pacific, San Francisco. The route
of 41° is central, safe, and convenient for sending
forces to any one of the Pacific ports.
But I cannot afford time, on this occasion, to
give the testimony and prove the superior prac-
ticability of this centra! route over all others, al-
though I believe such is the fact. Avoiding com-
parisons, I prefer to demonstrate the national
advantages of a great central trunk line.
If this array of testimony, selected entirely
from official reports, proves anything, it proves the
practicability of a central railroad; and this being
the line followed most of the way by hundreds of
thousands of overland emigrants, 1 may add their
general testimony, with the resolutions of the
Legislatures of Utah, Oregon, Washington, and,
I believe, California, in favor of this route.
cost op construction".
I have said nothing as to grades, curves, and
cost. The surveys have not been made with such
details as to admit of exact or even approximate
accuracy on these subjects. They give general
features, from which they and others, familiar
with railroads, may judge of the practicability
and probable cost. Western railroads cost about
thirty thousand dollars a mile. The difficulty
which enlarges the probable cost of a Pacific rail-
way, is the distance material and workmen must
be transported. There are four items in the cost
of a railroad: the cost of the road-bed, the ties, the
iron, and the rolling stock. On the central route,
two thirds of the road-bed, so far as the face of the
country is concerned, would be easily prepared.
The other portion would not be very difficult.
Laborers are at each end, and at Salt Lake in
great abundance. This can be said of no other
proposed line. The country is healthy, the cli-
mate temperate, and settlements are accumylating
at the new gold mines, Salt Lake, and Carson val-
ley. They will occupy the entire line as the work
progresses. Stage stations are now established
at short intervals; and emigrants, by thousands,
annually pass this way to Utah and California.
Iron and ties and rolling stock are, mathemati-
cally speaking, constant quantities; and their first
cost on a Pacific road at each end is easily determ-
ined. By adopting a very temporary grade, lay-
ing the track could proceed directly from each end,
and aHord cheap transportation for more perma-
nent and progressive work. Railroad builders
will understand and properly appreciate these
practical suggestions. Locomotives are running
on the Missouri and the Sacramento; and the cost
of iron, ties, and stock, at each end of the line,
can thus be actually ascertained. It certainly
would not reach $20,0.00 a mile. The only doubt-
ful or extra items are the cost of road-hed and
transportation of material; and these items are
still further simplified by considering the use of
the progressing road as a means for transpor-
tation. Ten thousand dollars a mile for extra
transportation of workmen and materia! would,
in my judgment, be a large allowance; and I,
therefore, canno t perceive why such extraordinary
prices should be attached to the practical question
of construction. The bill I submit, presents this
question to workmen and capitalists, and involves
us in no expense to procure their decision.
So far as the Government is concerned,it does
not go to the cost; the question is only raised to
show what aid should be given to secure the ap-
plication of capital. I submit these questions of
cost to our presidents and directors of railroads;
especially those who are involving their fortunes
in great lines that may easily converge to such a
central trunk, or to its expanding branches, whieh
will subtend their lines when extended. I sub-
mit them to the stockholders and contractors,
who, with patriotic zeal, have invested their time
and means in the great railroad network that is
uniting all sections of our country.
practical results.
A railway being opene/1 to California, the en-
tire travel will pursue that route. You can now
go from any of our cities to St. Joseph, Missouri,
by railroad, for thirty dollars. The remaining,
say, two thousand miles to San Francisco, at
three cents per mile, (nearly double the rates on
this side,) would be sixty dollars; add for meals
and extras, ten dollars—total from eastern cities,
by railroad, to San Francisco, one hundred dol-
lars. A passage by any of our foreign routes,
costs near three hundred dollars. By railroad
you could go in six or eight days. It would be
much cheaper, quicker, and safer for passengers
traveling from ocean to ocean; and they will all
take the railroad route. This demonstration is
irresistible and incontrovertible. If the extremes
would ch oose this route, intermediate or way travel
between the cities on the Atlantic and the Pacific,
would, a fortiori, adopt this route. There is, as
all know, a creative power in a railroad which
will double or treble the present California travel;
and we may thus safely calculate on a hundred
and fifty thousand passengers in a year, which,
At 860 a passenger, on the western trunk, would be the sum
of.....    $9,000,000
All the gold would obviously take this route, and
pay three pei ceat. on $50,000,000 a year.... 1.500,000
Our postal transportations at present cost over.. 2,000,000
The transportation of military stores cons near
$10,1)00,000; I suppose half of this would be
done by the railroad  5,000,000
17,000,000
Light goods, including many articles of diy-
goods, would take tins lo'ite; L can show that
provisions, stock, and many other aiticles
raised m the Mississippi valley, would go by
railroad ; and to this, if you add the ptobable
way business, it is not unreasonable to esti-
mate the value of such resources to the road
at  10 000.000
Approximate gross income  §27.500.000
I will not dcscend to details which would show
