APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th' Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Curtis.
Ho. of Reps.
net-results. I only wish to present facts that may
be easily developed to prove more exact results,
which I hope" others will correct and carry out.
I give "data mainly for that purpose. The cost of
transportation on a railroad is from one to three
eefits per ton per mile, varying -according to the
Jkmd of freight, grades, competition, and other
circumstances. At two cents per mile* for each
ton, which may be considered as a fair average,
tbfefollowing charges would be rumerative to the
company, and at the same time not be unreason-
able to the shipper:
1 bushel of coal for one hundred miles.   $0 06£
1 bushel of com " "   05|
3 bushel of wheat " "   05
1 barrel of flour '« "   20
1 bog, 200 pounds, " lc ....... 20
"1 barrel of pork " "   30
1 steer, 1,500 pounds,- " "  .150
1 cord of wood " "   3 00
1,000 feet of walnut lumber cc 11   4 80
1,0(10 feet of oak lumber " "    4 48
3,000 feet of poplar iuihber " "   2 39
These rates are much greater than our railroads
charge on long journeys; but, applying these
rates on the line of railroad from the Mississippi
valley to California, two thousand miles, the
freight charges would be, from the region of Mis-
souri and Iowa:
1 ton of freight.      $20 00
1 bushel of corn.      105
1 bushel of wheat       1 00
1 barrel of flour      4 00
1 barrel of pork     6 00
1 hog,200 pounds.        4 00
3 beef, or steer, 1,500 pounds....   30 00
Many of these articles would not bear trans-
portation, but many of them would, besides,
thousands of lighter articles that may be com-
pared with these would be transported. The great
advantage of quick, safe transit would induce
articles to follow the railroad rather than go by
sultry, sickly routes, which cross the equator.
To determine the propriety of adopting the rail-
road, take the cost of transporting the articles
either by water or railroad to some point on the
Missouri, say Kansas,Leavenworth, St. Joseph,
Nebraska City, Council Bluffs, or Sioux City,
(points where boats can run at all summer sea-
sons, and where railroads will soon be com-
pleted,) and add to this the charge in the above
table and you can then see the cost by this route.
I suppose a ton of freight from New York to
Kansas may be ten dollars. Add twenty dollars
for the railroad, and your cost is thirty dollars a
ton. I merely give this as a formula, not wish-
ing to compare freights on different routes, as that
would carry me too far into details. To compare
the cost with isthmus routes, these must be
charged with greater insurance, interest on delay,
and damage.
I give data enough to show that a railroad
would, like nil our great east and west lines,
do a vast amount of business-, ccrtainly enough
to keep it running; and, in my judgment, it would
pay a fair dividend on its cost.
Such a road would not only receive the travel
of the country, but travel between Europe and
Asia would seek a land route, where passengers
could see this continent, understand its wealth,
visit cities and people, avoid delays and some
dangers by sea, and interchange knowledge, taste,
and products with the inhabitants of our great
interior. Such a line of communication will in-
crease the intercourse between our own people
and those of Europe and Asia; facilitate the de-
velopment of the new trade opened in China and
Japan; make our country a great entrepot for
other nations; and revolutionize the commerce of
the world. The route to India will be opened,
science and knowledge will be transmitted to the
heathen shores of Hmdos, and those that sit in
darkness will rejoice in the light of revelation. The
power of steam, the extension of railways, and
intercourse by electricity, will unite the woild.
The Pacific railroad is not only necessary for
our own fraternal intercourse, but it is an essen-
tial element in the world's progress; a great
achievement, worthy of the vast progress of this
nineteenth century. I have for years exerted my
humble efforts to secure the success of this enter-
prise, and I shall continue to devote my energies
to initiate its commencement and secure its com-
pletion.
The magnitude of the subject must plead my
apology for trespassing so long on your patience;
and I also tender to the select committee of fifteen
my grateful acknowledgments for authorizing me
to present the accompanying bill.
The followingare the names of the select com-
mittee:
John S. Phelps of Missouri, George "W".
Jones of Tennessee, Israel Washburn of
Maine, John S. MiLLsoNof Virginia, Samuel R.
Curtis of Iowa, Erastus Corning of New York,
W. L. Underwood of Kentucky, William S.
Groesbeck. of Ohio, John A. Gilmer of North
Carolina, Otiio II. Singleton of Mississippi,
John F. Farnsworth of Illinois, Henry M.
Phillips of Pennsylvania, De Witt C. Leach of"
Michigan, Charles L. Scott of California, and
John Reagan of Texas.
Of these, thirteen were present, and the vote
stood seven for and six against the bill.
A bill to secure the construction ofa central Pacific railroad.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
Of the United States of A mer&a in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be, and he is hereby,"au-
thorized and darned to entermto a contract for the trans-
portation of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Arinv and Navy supplies, and all other Government ser-
vice,by railroad, starting from two points, one west of Mis-
souri, the other west of iowa, on the navigable waters of
the Missouri river, and uniting within five hundred miles of
said Missouri river, to the navigable waters of the Sacia-
mento river, in California, on the most eligible route—re-
ference being had to feasibility, shortness, and economy.
Sec. 2. Ami be it farther enacted, That the President
shall cause advertisements to be inserted in two newspapers
in each State and Territory, and in the District of Colum-
bia, tor a period of not less than three, nor more than six
months, inviting sealed proposals for the construction of said
railroad, and for porfoiming the service herein requned, as
follows: First, the time in which it is proposed to con-
struct and finish the entire road, and put the sameinto suc-
cessful operation, which period shall not exceed twelve
yeais from the execution of the contract; also, what extent
and portion of said road, beginning at the eastern and west-
ern teimuu, and progressing continuously until finished,
shall be completed and put in operation during each and
every year. Second, the time in which said paity will sur-
render that portion of suul road which passes thtough the
territory of the United States, with its rolling stock and all
nppuitenanees thereunto belonging, to the United States,
for ihe purpose of being transferred to the several States
wliicl) may heieafter be formed out of said terntory,as here-
in piovided. Third, at vvliai rate per mile per annum, not
exceeding $500, it is proposed to carry the United States
mails daily, both ways, on said road, under the direction of
the Post Office Department, for the period of twenty years
from the completion of the road ; and, also, for the portion
winch maybe rn use while the said road is in course of con-
struction ; and at what rate per mile, for a like period, upon
each section as it is completed, it is proposed to carry on
said road, under the direction of the pioper Departments, all
military and naval supplies, troops, seamen, passengers, and
freights of all kinds forGovernment purposes, with the limi-
tation that the price to be paid shall not, m any event, either
of peace or of war, exceed the sum which, m time of peace,
has been heretofore paid furt>umldrbervice,o( equal amount,
upon any existing route. Alter the expiration of said con-
tract, said transportation, postal, military, naval, and for
every other Government purpose, shall be performed on said
road, under the direction of the proper Departments, tor
reasonable prices, not exceeding those paid on other first-
cla^s railroads, to be asceitained by Congress, in the event
of a disagreement between the Government and thecontrac-
tois-or owners of said road.
Sec. 3. And be ik Jurther enacted, That said proposals
shall be opened by the President, after due nonce, in the
ptoacnce of his Cabinet, and such persons as may choose
to attend ; and he is hereby authorized anddiiected to enter
into a contract for the transportation provided for in this
act, with the party whose proposal shall be by him deemed
most advantageous to the United States, for the full and
complete performance of said contract, m compliance with
the provisions of this act. And the party with whom said
contract may be made, as a guarantee for the faithful per-
formance of the same, shall deposit, with the Secretary of
tiie Treasury, the sum of $500,000, or the value thereof, in
bonds oi certificates of stock of the United States, which
may be subsequently withdrawn in sums of $10,000, as
the work progresses, on production of vouchers showing,
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury, that an
amount equal thereto has been expended in the construc-
tion of said road. AH questions of damages and forfeitures,
by reason of any bieach of said contract, shall be determ-
ined by the express terms and conditions of the same:
Prowled, That tins act shall be taken and considered as
part of any contract that may be made in accordance with
its provisions, in like manner as if the same was set forth
in said contract.
Sfo. 4. Jim! be it further enacted, That, in consideration
of the stipulations and undertaking in said contract, there
shall be, and thereby, appropriated and set apart a quan-
tity of the public lands equal to the alternate sections of
public land for the space of six miles on each side of said
road, fiom its eastern to its western terminus, to b« selected
from the sections designated m the public survey by odd
numbers, and to be held and conveyed as herein provided
And between the meridians of 96® and 122°, proceeding from
each end, the width of land from which selections may be
made shall extend two miles more on each side at each suc-
ceeding degree of latitude. And m all cases where the
United States may have disposed of said lauds, or any part
thereof, or from any cause cannot convey a legal title
thereto, the deficiency may be made up from any unoccu-
pied and unappropriated public lands within the distance of
twelve miles on either side-of said road: Provided, That
all mineral lands be, and the same are hereby, excluded
from the operation of this act, and in lieu thereof a like
quantity of unoccupied and unappropriated agricultural
lands nearest to the line of the road, through said mineral
lands, may be selected in alternate sections.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the party with
whom the contract aforesaid may be made shall proceed
without delay to locate the general route of said road, and
furnish a detailed survey and map thereof to the President,
who shall cause the public lands to the extent here granted
on either side of said road to be surveyed, and the Indian
title thereto to be extinguished as soon as practicable. And
the provisions of the act of September, 1841, gi anting
pieemption rights, and the riehts amendatory thereof, shall
be, and the same are hereby, extended to the lands thus
surveyed, excepting those herein set apart and appropriated
for the use of said road: Provided, Tli.it, so soon as a con-
tract is made, m pursuance of the piovisions of this act, for
the construction of said road, it shall be the duty of the
President to cause the public lands, for twelve miles on
each side of so much of said road as the contiactmg paity
shall indicate, to be withheld fiom settlement, sale, or oc-
cupation, until the lands shall have been suiveyed and the
alternate sections selected, as provided for in this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, Tuat, in making said
contract, it shall be stipulated that the said road shall be di-
vided into sections of tweuty-five miles each, and that none
of said lands are to be conveyed to the contracting party
until one section is completed and put into successful op-
eiation, when the President shall convey by patent to the
contracting party three fourths of the land pertaining to. the
scction so completed, retaining the other fourth as secunty
for the completion of the next section of twenty-five miles;
and when the next is completed the President shall,m like
manner, convey to the contracting party three fourths of the
land peitaining to that section, together with the remaining
one fourth on the previous section; and &o on with each
succeeding section, conveying three fourths and retaining
one fourth as security for the completion ot the next, until
the last section of the road is finished and put into opera-
tion, when the President shall convey to the contracting
party the residue of the lands hereby appropriated; and said
contract shall require that the United States mails shall at
all times be carried on said road under the direction and
control of the Postmaster General; and all other Govern-
ment transportation provided form this act shall be per-
formed under the direction of the proper Departments, re-
spectively, and the compensation therefor, at the prices
specified in said contract, &hall be regularly paid from the
Tieasuiyof the United States quarterly, or at such times as
may be agieed upon.
Sec. 7. And bat further enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, so soon as one
section of twenty-five miles of said road is made and put into
successful operation, to cause to be issued to the said con-
tracting party bonds of the United States, bearing not ex-
ceeding six per centum per annum interest; which interest
shall be payable semi annually, and the principal payable
twenty-rune years from the date of their issue, to the amount
of $8,500 for each mile of the same; and between the me-
ridians of 96° and 122°, proceeding from each end, the
amount shall increase $1,000 per mile at each succeeding
degree of longitude; and in like manner, when another sec-
tion of twenty-five miles is made, and put into successful
operation, an equal amount of bonds shall be issued and de-
livered to said contracting party, and so with each succeed-
ingsection, until the whole road shall have been completed:
Provided, That the entire amount of bonds hereby author-
ized to be issued on account of said road shall in no event
exceed, in the aggregate, the sum of $35,000,000, it being
the intent of this act to advance to the contracting party
$8,000 for each mile of road completed and put into success •
ful operation; increasing $1,000 at each succeeding degree
of longitude, as aforesaid ; which sum of money thus ad-
vanced, together with the interest thereon, is to be repaid
to the United States, by the said contracting party, m the
transportation and service provided for in this act; and no
compensation,other than the lands appropriated and bonds
authorized to be issued by this act, shall be made to the con-
tracting party for transpoitation and service rendered under
their contracts, until the value of such transportation and
service shall be equal to the aggregate amount of the prin-
cipal and interest of said bonds: Provided, That all duties
on railroad iron imported and laid down on said road shall
be chaigcd to the contracting party and paid to the United
States, by deducting the amount from the credit to be given
for the service first performed under this act: Provided fur-
ther,Thai if American manufactured railroad iron, of equal
qualities, shall be offered to the said contracting party, which
including all items of cost of manufacture, sale, and deliv-
ery, shall not exceed the like co t of such iron obtained
fiom foieign countries, the American manufactured iron
shall he preferred and used by «aid contracting party.
Src. 8. And be it further enacted, That should said con-
tracting party neglect, refuse, or in any way fail, to prose-
cute the work undertaken by them in a manner to secure
the completion thereof in compliance with the contract, or
should violate the terms of said contract, then ail rights of
said contracting party to said load, right of way, lands, or
other property pertaining thereto, including such amount of
the deposited stocks, if any, that may remain unexpended,
shall be and become forfeited, and the United States may
enter upon and retain the same. In the event of such for-
feiture, to be determined by the President, he shall proceed
to relet that portion of the road remaining uncompleted
under such forfeited contract, and provide for the dispo-
sition of the work in such a manner as will secure the ear-
liest completion of the road in conformity with the provis-
ions of this act: Providedf That he shall not stipulate, on
