876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 8,
tor from Kentucky wishes to say something on the
subject.
Mr. MASON. Very well, sir; let it be re-
ferred.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
TOBACCO TRADE.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign^
Relation4*, to whom was refetred the joint reso- !
Julian (H. R. No. 38) in relation to the tobacco
trade of the United States with foreign nations, ;
have instructed me to mport it back without |
amendment, with a recommendation that it pass, j
It is a joint resolution of the House of Represent- ;
atives, which is very interesting to the trade of 1
a large number of the States of the Union; and 1
am sure will meet the approbation of the Senate.
I ask that it may be put on its passage.
There being" no objection; the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the i
joint resolution. It is as follows: I
Rc<-oloed, <$<., That the trade in tobacco with Great Brit- J
ain, France, Spain, Portugal, Auftria, Brazil, and other for- !
rjyn nations*. ^ clogged wnh restriction-, and limitations j
wholly inconsistent with that fair and recipiocal condition I
of commeice which ought to exist between the United States
and tlutee nations respectively, and is therefore un^uisfae- ;
toiy to the States of Virginia, Kentucky, Maij land. North ;
Caiolum, Missouri, Tennessee, Olno, Connecticut, and
othm* tobaceo-gi owing States, m which that aitiole is an nn- !
portant, if not the chief, staple of agricultural production. >
S>. Resolved, That it ih the duty ol the Federal Government I
to iif-e its* utmost power, by negotiations or oilier cont-titu- i
tional means, to obtain a modifications reduction on the 1
part of said foreign nations, of the duties and lestrictions |
imposed bv them on the impoitatiou of American tobacco,
and, to tins end, to employ all the diplomatic and coimnei-
cml povveis which the Constitution has confided to it in !
producing a more juM and equal reciprocity in a trade so :
deeply involving the value of that poinon of tin* ngi (cultural 1
laboi ol tne country, in which at lea^t-one fouith of the Coil- j
l'ederaey is> concerned.
3 Rewired, That ihe tieaties of the United States with I
China ami Japan piescnt a lair and fitting occasion ibi the [
enlargement and extension of the tobacco ti ado of the Uni-
ted Sian^, and it the duty of ihe Govei nment of the Uni- '■
ted Si at On to use all their even ions., within t he h mil-of con- 1
etitutiona! pow«>i, to fostm and «Mieouiage the intioduction j
ol American tobacco as an article of use among the people ■
of those nation*. j
4. iieWf of. That diplomatic negotiations with England, ,
Fiance, Spam, and Austria, as well as vuth ('hum and Ja- i
pan, ought to be commenced n< &oon a* pincticabie by the '
Government ol the United states, wnh the view of obtain- j
inga modification of the exi-tmg system-; of revenue and !
taxation of those nations m n-ipeei to Amenean tobacco, j
and for tin* pin pose instruction-? ought to be?given to our j
foreign nmii-tei<. con-uls, and comnieieial agents m tho>e
nanon<5, bv Hie Executive of the United Suites, to u<e all
their eon-tminonal and legitimate lutictions m producing
so desirable a result.
The joint resolution was reported to tho Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE MECHANICAL REPORT.
Mr. FITCH. If may be remembered by the
Senate that the mechanical portion of tho Patent j
Office report this year was referred to fhe Com- ,
rmttee on Printing. In the outset of their inquiry, j
relative to the cost, &c , the committee found a j
resolution of the Senate, on the subject, which |
was passed at the last session—a resolution of this 1
body only, not concurrent or joint, and not hav- j
ing the toice of law, it is not operative on the i
Commissioner of Patents, or the Secretary of the |
Interior, or the other House of Confess. The j
committee, however, deem it operative on them, !
and desire me to call the attention of the Senate S
to it. While they concur in the object sought to <
be accomplished by the lesolution, they direct me !
to ask that it be rescinded for this session, and j
then instruct me to move a portion of it as a ioint i
resolution. 1 send it to the Secretary's desk to ■
be read. It will be seen that it effectually pre- :
vents action on the part of the committee, relative j
to the report of thisyear, because it is not brought!
within the limits of the resolution and cannot be, J
unless the commissioner makes a different report \
to this body altogether, fiom that which he makes j
to the other House.
The Secretary read the resolution alluded to, as .
follows: i
Resolvedi That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number,ten thousand copies of the annual repottof the
Comnu-"Monei oi Patents on arts and manufactuies, for ihe i
>ear 18" 7; eight thousand of which foi the u-e of the Sen- 1
ate, and two thousand for the lutenoi Depoitment, for the I
nui po-< - oi official distubntiou ; and that the Secretary be, -
and he ^ heichv, dircctcd to cau-e the annual lepo't oftho j
Connnis-ioiK r of Patents on mechanics hereattci to he.
inude to the Senate, to be prepaied and submitted in such ;
maimer as that the plates and drawings neccssaiy to lllus- I
trate each subject shall be inserted so as to comprise the
entiie repoit m one volume, not to exceed eight hundrvd
pages.
Mr. FITCH. That was a resolution of this
body only; an amendment offered, 1 think, by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to a
report of the Committee on Printing, last session,
in favor of printing a certain number of extra
copies of the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office report. The reports are made under fhe
law of 1838. That law is in full force, not hav-
ing been rescinded by the resolution. Being a
mere resolution of this body, it Is not binding on
any officer except an officer of this body. The
Committee on Printing deem it binding on them,
and could not take into consideration any ques-
tion relative to the printing of more than was con-
templated in it; yet, the report made to the other
House, and, of course, the duplicate sent to the
Senate, will consist of some three volumes; and
the question now is, whether it will not cost more
to condense those volumes for this session, than
if will to print them as they are. If the resolu-
tion be rescinded, I am instructed, as I have al-
ready remarked, to move the latter portion of the
resolution restricting the report hereafter to one
volume, as a joint resolution, in order that it may
have the force and effect of law.*
Mr. HUNTER. I think it would be much
better for us to adhere to our resolution than to
rescind it. The resolution as it stands, seems to
me to be a good one; and if it should have the
effect of requiring the Commissioner of Patents to
reduce his report within the size proscribed, I
think it would be a good effect. The public will
judge which is the better, to take the plan pro-
posed by our resolution, or the plan winch the
House adopt of three or four volumes. I hope
we shall adhere to our resolution; and if we do, I
have no doubt the House will come to our prop-
osition.
Mi. PITCH. The resolution is proper in itself,
but wc cannot expect the House to adopt it now,
except, perhaps, on a report of their own com-
mittee. It is not before them. They knew, and
know nothing whatever of it; but their committee,
I think, are about to report, and in fact have re-
ported, m favor of printing the document as it
came to that body. The committee of the Senate
can make no such report, and the question sim-
ply is, whether they will order it to be condensed,
or take it as it is. I care not what the decision
is, whether we shall take the report as piesented,
or have none at all this session.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us have none at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator desire the reconsideration of the resolution
to-day ?
Mr. B1GLER. Let it he over.
Mr. FITCH. If it leads to debate and inter-
feres with other business at one o'clock, let it go
over.
Mr. TOOMBS and others. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, the resolution will go over under the rule.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AtfD REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That Mary E. Heard have leave to withdraw
her petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered* That Gabriel Vallere have leave to withdraw
Ins petition and papcis.
On motion of Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered. That John Holohan have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That hereafter the Senate meet daily at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
REFERENCE OF A REPORT.
On motion of Mr, JONES, the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate, lelative to the land claims of
the late John Rice Jones, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. REID, from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Richard Imlay, praying an extension of
his patent for an improvement in the mode of sup-
porting the bodies of railroad cars and carriages,
submitted an adverse report; which was agreed
to.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Dorcas Hall,
praying to be allowed a pension and bounty land,
as widow of Simeon Reno, a sergeant m the rev-
olutionary army, submitted an adverse report
thereon; and, in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the petition of Dorcas Hall be denied.
Healso.from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Micajah Owen, a private
in the United States Army, during the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said re-
port; and, in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the petition of Mu ajah Owen be denied.
HeaIso,from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of citizens ofJNTewYork, pray-
ing that a pension may be granted to Polly Eg-
bertson, widow of a soldier m the war of the
Revolution, submitted an adverse report thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said re-
port; and, in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be denied.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred, the bill (H. R. No. 343) granting a pen-
sion to Mary Biattenberger, widow of John Blat-
tenberger, reported it without amendment, and
submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Featherston,
widow of John Featherston, deceased, late a
boatswain in the United Slates Navy, praying to
be allowed a half-pay pension, submitted an ad-
verse report.
The Senate pioceeded to consider the report;
and, in coricunence therewith,
Resolved, That the petition of Maiy Feathetston be de-
nied.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred tho petition of Eifie Van Ness,
widow of Gant Van Ness, an officer of the army
in the Revolution, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion, submitted an adveise report.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and, in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
furthei consideration of the petition.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print one thou-
sand additional copies of the resolutions of the Le-
gislature.of New York, accompanied by a memo-
rial of the Canal Board and Canal Commissioners
of that State, requesting the payment of moneys
advanced for the breakwater nt Buffalo, and pray-
ing the improvement of the lake hai boi s. repotted
adversely thereon; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Private
Ciaims, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 14) to confirm the title in a certain tract of
land, m the State of Missouri, to thp heirs and le-
gal representativesof Thomas Madden, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom were referred the petition of Hnam
J. Giaham, praying the organization of a new
Territory, to be composed of the western part of
Kansas, the southwestern part of Nebraska, and
the eastern part of Utah; a petition of citizens of
Cass county, Nebraska, protesting against a dis-
membeiment of that T  rntory, and jhe annexa-
tion of any part thereof to the Territory of Kan-
sas; a memorial of the Legislature of the Terri-
tory of Dacotah, elected under a resolution passed
at a mass convention held for the purpose of es-
tablishing a temporary government, praying Con-
gress to recognize the laws thereof, and to extend
to that Territory a more pei feet organization; a
memorial of the citizens of Big Sioux and Mid-
way counties, in Dacotah Territory, praying the
organization of a territorial government; a me-
morial of the citizens of the county of Pembina,
in the Territory of Dacotah, praying for an early
organization of the Territory, and for the estab-
lishment of the capital at St. Joseph; a memo-
rial of the citizens of the town of Medary, in
the Territory of Dacotah, praying the organiza-
tion of a territorial government; and a letter of
T. J. Mackey and others, inclosing a memorial
of the citizens of Nebraska Teintory residing
south of the Platte river, in convention assembled
