878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
priation bills. There have been attempts in the
other House—such attempts cannot be made here
—and they have succeeded once or twice putting in
a tariff bill upon one of the appropriation bills. It
will come here in the last two or three days of the
session, when there is no time whatever to dis-
cuss it; and, it seems to me, that if the Senate
intends to give any consideration to this import-
ant question, we should do it at once. We are
now pressed by a vigorous effort on the part of
those who represent the manufacturing interest,
who have seized upon the present deficiency in
the tariff, and they are availing themselves of
every means of reaching public opinion through
the press and otherwise; and there is to bo a vig-
orous effort to increase tile tariff for protection;
and, it seems to me, that those of us who differ
from that policy, ought to have some opportunity
of expressing our opinions before the last days
of the session. I mean, therefore, to endeavor
to give the Senator from Pennsylvania an oppor-
tunity to get up his resolution; and I hope it will
be discussed on both sides when it comes up.
Mr. BROWN. I ask respectfully, whether this"
debate 011 a mere motion in reference to the order
of business can be in order? I have no disposi-
tion myself, to discuss this question. It seems to
me that we ought to take the vote as to whether
we shall take up the Senator's resolution or not.
When it is up, it will be quite time enough to dis-
cuss it. I hope the Senators will confine them-
selves to the single point, and let us get through.
Mr. HALE. I am for taking up this resolu-
tion, and 1 go for it on this ground: I want to
deal fairly with everybody;fand we make a mis-
take sometimes by undertaking to talk in this—I
do not know exactly what style you call it, but
say legislative style, and speak about constitu-
tional decorum, and 111 that way we get rid of the
real merits-of the question. Now, I understand
the case, in plain English, to be this: the Demo-
cratic party had a caucus, and considered this
subject,and did not notify the President to attend.
They have had a vote upon it, and they have
voted contrary to his expressed will; and this I
understand is simply to give the President fan-
play to come into the open Senate and have his
views discussed, to meet and obviate, if possible,
the effect of that resolution that you passed when
the President had not an opportunity of being
heard. I am for giving him an opportunity, and
I shall vote for taking up the resolution.
Mr MASON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 33, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bate-.. Bell, Bi«lcr, Bright, Broderjck,
Cameron, Clark, Cimgman, Coll.iinoi, Citttenden, Davis,
Dixou, Doohttie, OuiUee, Foot, Gwui, Hale, Hamlin, llat-
lan, Houston, Kennedy, King, Malloi v, IVatce, Polk, Sow-
aid, Shield*, Simmons, Thompson oi Kentucky, Thomson
of New Jcnsey, Toombs, Wade, and Wihon—33
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, liayaid, Benjamin, Blown, Chan-
dloi, Chesnut, Clay, Douglas, i-'iteh, Firzpatrftk, Gieen,
Hammond, Hunter, ivmson, John&on oi Tenne^ee, Jones,
Mason, Pujsh, lteid, Rice, Slide!!, TiumOuil, and Waid—
23.
So the motion was agreed to: and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Bigllr on the '31st of Janu-
ary:
RaolvetU As the opinion of the Senate, that the crea-
tion of a large pubhc debt in nine ot peace is inconsistent
with the ti ik policy of tin United State-- 5 and a.* the pres-
ent revenue^ are to meet the unavoidable ox-
pense^ oi tin Government, Congreshshould pioceed, with-
out delay, to ^0 iuadju>t the revenue la\v> .is not only to
m^ct the deficit in the curient Hxp* n-e>, but to pay oil* the
present debt so tar a  it may be liable to immediate cancel-
lation.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the general sub-
ject is one of much interest to the Government,
to the whole country, and especially to my con-
stituents; and I must ask the indulgence of the
-Senate whilst I discuss u somewhat at length.
' It will be remembered t hat, a few days since, I
presented aseihs of resolutic which had been
unanimously adopt* d by t he Legislature of Penn-
sv ivanta, approvi ni£ the views of the President on
tin subject of the tariff, as expressed in his an-
nual message, and instructing my colleague and
myself to sustain an increase of duties on un-
pens, as well witii a view to an increase of the
revenues as to afford encouragement to such in-
dustrial interests as encounter foreign competi-
tion. i then remarked, Mr. President, and I re-
peat now, that I have no doubt those resolutions
embody the sentiments of an overwhelming ma-
jority of my constituents, and I shall endeavor to
"carry out their spirit to the utmost of my ability.
In deference to this universal voice, it will be my
duty to act up to the full import of the resolu-
tions, irrespective of peculiar views of my own.
No question, save one, connected with our form
of government has led to so much controversy,
in and out of Congress, or given existence to such
an abundance of conflicting and dissimilar opin-
ion's that of the tariff, as well on the theoretical
principles involved, as on the practical workings
of given details. Nor is this at all singular; for,
in its very nature, it is, to a greater or less ex-
tent, a subject of conflicting interest, real or im-
aginary, between different sections of our com-
mon country, and different interests, pursuits, and
classes of people within the same section, each hav-
ing like claims upon the justice and favor of the
Government; whilst the close and well-balanced
relations of producers and consumers, operatives
and capitalists, to the subject, has very naturally
excited the utmost vigilance on the part of each
of these classes in the maintenance of their rights
and interests as involved in its operations. Nor
has any measure so uniformly baffled the fore-
sight and judgment of pubhc men. Its practical
operations upon the Treasury, and upon those
industrial interests encountering severe foreign
competition, has been all the while a problem—a
grand mystery. No one of the sixteen regular
tariff laws adopted since 1789 has met the ex-
pectations of its advocates in every particular; nor
has there been one which did not,-at some time,
seem to produce effects which no one had antici-
pated, and thereby controverts the most univer-
sally accepted theories on the subject, the results
fluctuating to great extremes under the same rates
of duty.
In 1836, when the tariff, under the compromise
law, was still quite high, tnc imports exceeded
those of any previous year, or any one of six- j
teen subsequent years, reaching $189,980,000, i
against #128,660,000 of exports; leaving a balance |
against the country of$61.320,000; whilst in 1838, j
the duties having declined but "slightly, the im- 1
ports sank down to §113,317,000, Gem? a decline j
ofovcr #75,000,000; leaving an excess over exports
of only #4,830,000. Then again, in 1856, they
reached the sum of $314,639,942; whilst in 1858,
under the reduced lates of the tariff of 1857, they
fell dawn to $282,613,000; the fluctuations in the
| receipts to the Treasury ranging, at different
tunes, from five to ten or twelve million dollars in
successive years, under the same duties, being
often very remarkable, and influenced as well by
revulsions in business, and the market value of
goods, as the extent of importations; the entire
experience going to show that its operations are
controlled quite as much by the impulses of com-
merce and trade as by the rate of duty. There
never has been a tariff law, and I do not believe
there ever will be one devised, against which
plausible, if not well-founded objections may not
be made by some interest or class of people, on
some point or other of us operations; and no public
man need be reproached because he did not fore-
see, with accuracy, what a given tariff would do;
for the most sagacious have failed to do this. I
have myself no faith in the cure-all school of doc-
tors 011 this subject; nor do I believe the tariff can
do as much for home interests as is claimed by-
some; nor sympathize m the unreasonable doc-
trines of extreme protectionists, or respect the
policy of some who are constantly asking what
they know cannot be granted; and sull less in the
efforts of others to persuade large classes of the
people that they should rely rather upon the Gov-
ernment and the laws for prosperity, than upon
their own enterprise, energy, and lndustiy. JJut
1 believe that, 111 meeting the constitutional obli-
gation to provide revenue to defray the expenses
of the Government, we should endeavor to dis-
tribute the burdens incident thereto as equally as
may be; giving ail the incidental protection and
aid we can to such manufacturing and other in-
terests as encounter vigorous competition from
abroad.
There is no dispute as to the right of Congress
to levy impost duties. That power is expressly
conferred m the Constitution. Nor need it be
seriously denied that, in the exercise of that
power, it is not as well the duty as the right of
Congress to take into consideration the effect of
such exercise upon the general welfare of the whole
country. It is in the details of this work that the
problem is involved; and they are ii\ no way pre-
scribed in the Constitution. Revenue to sustain
the national Government being the expressed ob-
ject, the rates of duties to be assessed on the vari-
ous articles of importation, and the incidents to
flow from such rates, affecting any or all of the
industrial interests of the country, are matters for
the wisdom of Congress. In the exercise of this
discretion, whilst seeking to promote the general
good, the utmost care should be taken to do in-
justice to no class of the people or branch of in-
dustry. Certainly, no attempt should be made to
build up one of these at the sacrifice of the others;
nor to burden, unequally, one section of the coun-
try to advance the prosperity of another. No
true friend of Jthe manufacturer will seek to do
these things, or insist upon the right of " protec-
tion for the sake of protection merely." Such
policy would be alike weak and unwise. What
we want, and all that is necessary, is the exercise
of a wise discrimination in fixing the rate of du-
ties on each article of importation, so as to do
the most we can for the manufacturing interests*
withoutoppressing,improperly,any other branch
of industry. This we may properly do, and this
it is our bounden duty to do.
The specific things which it is wise and proper
for a nation to do, in its efforts to foster its do-
mestic welfare, must depend, to a great extent,
upon the elements of such country; the nature of
the climate; the character and extent of its re-
sources, as also the pursuits and inclinations of
its people. If it be true that the wealth of a na-
tion consists in the productive labor of its citi-
zens, then it follows that the wealth of a nation
is involved to some extent in the direction of that
labor; for the extent of its rewards must depend
upon its fitness to the end to which it is devoted.
It must be obvious, too, that that country
is most prosperous and independent which can
profitably produce the greatest variety, and the
largest relative quantity, of the great staples of
life, comfort, and means of military defense. Our
country is blessed, above all measure, in these
particulars. She is possessctof the elements of
prosperity for all the great branches of industry;
agriculture, manufactures, and the mechanicarts,
of which commerce is the natural offspring.
So far as our revenue system may affect any
or all of these interests, Congress should see that
the beneficial incidents flow to such branches of
industry as are best suited to the resources of our
country and to the inclinations and capacities of
our people. No artificial 01* unnatural interest
should be considered in the action of Congress.
No system of hot-house horticulture to produce
the fruits of the tropics, or morus muUicftulw
schemes of growing silk, should be sustained
at the cost of five times the labor necessary to
produce the flour, beef, pork, iron, cotton, wool,
sugar, hemp, &c., necessary to exchange for these.
But the great interests naturally suited to the
country should be considered and cherished; for
in the pursuit of these the labor of our people is
wisely directed. It is also the manifest interest
of our nation to prepare its great staple produc-
tions, as nearly as may be, for consumption; that
is, to vest the raw material with the greatest
amount of value before sending it abroad. For
instance, the statistics of manufactures for 1850
show that the value of the raw material used
that year, was enhanced from §554,783,917 to
$1,010,628,179 by the process of manufacturing;
and at this ratio the raw cotton exported in I85d,
being of the value of §13J ,386,661, would have
equaled 111 value nearly the whole amountof im-
portation. The less we buy of iron, cotton, hemp,
wool, sugar and other great staples, which we can
producc as well as we can do anything else, the
more ability we shall have to buy those things
which we cannot produce, and the better we shall
be prepared to sustain the Treasury in this way.
So much for generalities; and now, sir, let me
proceed to declare to the Senate, without reserve,
just what I would do, and how 1 would do it,
had I the power to dispose of the subject. I have
always held to the doctune of a tariff' for revenue
only, and in shaping a law to this end, I should
conform it to no arbitrary rule or principle; but
compose it of different modes, using both the spe-
cific and ad valorem; and, in some instances, the
better to equalize the rates of charge upon similar
articles, and at the same time to discriminate
