1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
against inferior goods, I should compound the
two modes, applying the charge as well upon tiie
quantity as upon the value of the same article.
1 should discriminate, in fixing the rates of duty,
so as to maintain our great branches of industry
in their competition with similar pursuits in for-
eign countries, so far as that can be done without
imposing improper burdens upon other classes of
the people. I should do this on the ground that
there is a well-balanced reciprocity between all
departments of industry, acting and reacting on
each other; the prosperity of one being beneficial
to all, and we versa; the manufacturer employing
the laborer and mechanic, and consuming the pro-
ducts of the farmer, and they in turn taking the
manufacturer's goods; the farmer being directly
interested in having his manufactures produced
in his own vicinity, rather than at remote points,
to which he cannot transport his products in pay-
ment.
I hold, also, that the manufacturer has strong
claims to the incidental aid flowing from our rev-
enue system because of the positive damage re-
sulting to his business from our unrestrained sys-
tem of paper currency, over which he can have
no effective control; and to which 1 shall presently
allude. I should also be careful that the higher
rate of charges fell upon the luxuries, rather than
the necessaries of life; for the reason that the con-
sumption of the former has no beneficial incidents,
and is in no way calculated to advance the gen-
eral prosperity and welfare of the country, and is,
beside, a principal cause of the heavy commercial
balances too often found against our country. If
there be those able to indulge m such consump-
tion, let them pay accordingly.
I should be careful, too, that the Government
collected whatever its demand might be, whether
counted on the quantity or on the value of the ar-
ticle, so that the honest importer might stand at
least eqiKiI with the unsciupulous adventurer.
It is due to myself to say that, in a report made
to the Senate of my own State twelve years*ago,
I held substantially the same views. Whilatdis-
cussing the effect of the misuse of the specific and
minimum principles in the tariff of 1842, I re-
marked " that the specific principle may be applied
to articles of equal and fix >d value without being
liable to objection; that 1 should be glad to see it
applied to cOs\U bar iron, pig metal, and other ar-
ticles, varying but little in value, under a given
name; foi, whilst it would answer the purpose of
the Govern men t for revenue, and work no injustice
to the consumer, it might be of vast importance
to home pioducersin ease of severe depression of
prices in Euiope." But 1 never did,and I never
shall, favor the use of the specific charge.in such
way as manifestly to tax one class of consumers
higher than another; but I do maintain that, so
far as the operations of this mode may be equal,
it has other valuable virtues, as I shall show pres-
ently.
As to the necessities for a prompt readjustment
of the tariff, I can see no room for serious diffei-
ence of opinion. It is conceded on all hands, that
the revenues are insufficient to meet tiie current
expenses of the Government. The Secretary of
the Treasury estimates the deficit, on the 30th of
June, 1860, at $7,914,576; but that sum does not
include $19,754,800of Treasury notesnow in cir-
culation, and which the Secretary saysshould be
canceled rather than converted into permanent
debt. It is thus seen that the actual deficiency on
the 30th of June, 1860, on the Secretary's own
showing, will be $97,679,376 instead of$7,914,576.
But the Secretary's estimates are very properly
for the requirements of the laws as they now are.
He has not attempted to anticipate the special
burdens which Congress may throw upon the
Treasury prior to June, 1860. 'Already the House
has passed a pension bill, which, it is said, will
require from five to eight million dollars per an-
num for many years, whilst the Senate, m tuin,
has passed another for the payment of French spo-
liations, which will lequue about five millions m
addition. Then, there is the Oregon war debt, and
thecountlesssmallcrdemands which maybe made
upon the Treasury, in addition to the $30,000,000
to purchase Cuba; and I fear that the deficit in
the postal receipts will be about a million dollais
moie than the Secretary's estimate; and the re-
ceipts from the public lands, about two- millions
less. Indeed, sir, should the bill which passed
the House the other day, giving the land to set-
tlers at ten dollars per quarter section, become a
law, the receipts from that source will not be one
million dollars instead of five millions. In view
of these considerations, and making allowance
for all the retrenchment in expenses we can hope
to accomplish, I should estimate the deficit on the
30th of June, i860,* as follows:
In current expenses.      $12,900,000
Treasury notes    19,754,800
33,654,800
Add present debt     45,155,977
77,810,777
Add for the Cuban fund  30,000.000
SI 07.810,777
But, sir, will the Secretary's estimates be real-
ized ? Will the revenues from customs, for 1860,
reach the sum of $56,000,000? It is possible they
may, but it is by no means certain; and, should
they do so, I think it an easy task to show that
they will be more than the country can safely re-
ceive.
The tariff of 1828 made an average charge, on
the gross amount of importations, of twenty-
eight per cent.; that of 1842, about nineteen per
cent.; that of 1846, about twenty-one percent.;
and that of 1857, sixteen percent. At t&e late of
sixteen jj.er cent., it will require the importation
and consumption of full $350,000,000 to meet the
estimates of the Secretary, or $100,000,000 more
than the amount of last year, and $14,000,000
more than for the year 1857, which, ail must
agree, exceeded the standatd of a wholesome de-
mand. The truth is, the importations of 1855,
1856, and 1857, do not furnish a safe basis fores-
timates for the future. They made an important
element in the general expansion of commerce,
business, credit and currency, winch exploded in ;
the latter year, with such disastrous results to the |
country; and like onuses will always produce sim- I
ilar results. On this point, the expansion of 1836 |
is most significant The imports h.iving reached >
$180,000,000, being a greater amount than at |
any former period, were immediately followed !
by a disastrous commercial revulsion; and they'
did not again reach that sum in any one of six-
teen subsequent years. No man is at liberty to
disregard the teachings of such expeiience. In-
deed, sir, we can rely but little upon the move-
ments of* commerce. They are impulsive and un-
certain, promising largely to-day, and yielding
nothing to-morrow. Just now the receipts from
customs arc quite equal to the Secretary's esti-
mates; but 1 tell you the country is not in a con-
dition to continue such lai ure imports. The misrhty
monetary and commercial impulses of the world
may open the floodgates of importation, or close |
them for a season, even in defiance of the laws !
of supply and demand; but the only reliable data !
on which to measure the imports into the counti y 1
for a seiies of yenis, is its capacity to purchase j
and consume. On this point, experience is the j
best witness; and it s,hows that, for thirty-eight
years, the consumption of foreign goods, par j
capita, has averaged £6 69; the extremes being I
in J821, when it was down to $4 14; and in 1836, |
1856, and 1857, when it ranged between ten and |
eleven dollars; the healthy periods of the country |
being when the amount was about the average, j
The'Secretary's estimate for 1860, on the basis i
of a population of 29,500,000, and imports of!
$350,000,000, and $56,000,0U0 of revenue, will :
require a pci capit t consumption of $11 86, neaily ;
double the past average, and exceeding the prodt- ;
gal years of 1836,1S56, and 1857. Can the coun-
try do tins? Have we the capacity to pay so '
much above the average? The exportations of'
cotton arc large, and may continue so; but there ;
is only a feeble demand for agricultural surplus, i
if we had any on hand in the North. How, then, ■
can the demands of the Treasuiy be met, except
by increasing the rates and extending the range i
of impost duties? But I should place the highest !
per capita consumption the country could stand, >
in the most prosperous time, at nine dollars; and !
at this rate, and on the basis of a population of j
30,000,000, flie aggregate consumption would be '
but $270,000,000, and the revenue on that only '
£43,200,000, being $12,800,000 below the esti- <
mate for 1860. It may be said by some of our
friends, that the effect oYincreasingthe duties will
be to lessen the importation of iron and other ;
staples, and so fail to increase the revenue; and ;
that may be true to a certain extent; but if so* we
shall have the greater capacity to buy other things
which we cannot produce. The manufacturer^
when out of business, will not consume foreign
goods; but when prospering, they consume much
more freely. - - f -
it is too obvious, therefore, Mr. President',
'that the alternatives of an increase of thettublie
debt, or an increase o£ the revenues, are before
us; and for one, sir, I am emphatically in favor
of the latter and against the former. I am utterly
opposed to the creation of public debt in time of
peace. It is against the settled policy of our Gov-
ernment, and should not be indulged even to a
moderate extent. It has been said the present
tariff has not had a fair trial; that it may hereaf-
ter bring the necessary revenue. Bat, suppose
the Secretary's estimates to prove entirely correct;
it will require over ten millions annually, for three
years, above his estimates, to meet the deficit
which he himself shows. Such a case leaves no
room for doubt or dispute.
It is proper that I should remark at this point,
Mr. President, that I dissent from the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury with the utmost
reluctance, and in all kindness to him, for I am
his personal and political friend.
But, sir, it is said that there is not time suffi-
cient to accomplish the work at this session—
and it must be conceded that the time is short;
but we can have much more time than we had
on the present tariff, which was discussed in this
body only a few hours. But, sir, if we cannot
have a complete revision of the tariff, applying
different rules and rates to different articles, as
may seem best, then give us four or five or six
per cent, on the rates of the present law. This
proposition could be understood and disposed of
in a few hours.
But, sir, I desire at this point to notice briefly
the views of the President and those of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on this subject, about
which some gentlemen seem to be greatly exer-
cised, and to be regarding these high function-
aries as at direct issue on a vital question of prin-
ciple connected with our revenue system. I do
not so understand them. They agree that the
revenues are insufficient and should be increased,
and that revenue is the primary object to be at-
I tained, and not protection for the sake of pro-
! tection." They both aim to raise from this sourcc
! the same arciount of customs. The only differ-
! ence is as to how the Government charge shall be
1 measured; whether uniformly upon the value of
■ imports, or upon the quantity, so far as that may
1 be proper, and upon the value of the remainder.
It? other words, the President would apply the
' specific mode, so far as us operation would be
equitable and just upon consumers, while the
! Secretary would apply a percentage upon the
; value of each and every commodity. It does not
! follow, therefore, that one is for protection and
I the other against it, or the one for incidental aid
! to the home producer and the other against it.
Either form of change may be so applied as to be
protective, and either so as to be only a fair rev-
enue measure. But the ad valorem principle may
be applied to an unlimited extent, whilst the spe-
cific should not. The latter can be justly assessed
only on articles of similar character and value un-
der the same name or description, for its general
application would work manifest injustice to the
consumer of imported goods, and be especially
objectionable, because it would have the effect to
impose a relatively higher charge upon the con-
sumer of the coarser articles, on the necessaries
rather than on the luxuries of life.
Such was the effect, to no inconsiderable ex-
I tent, of the tariff of 1842, and it was the manifest
| injustice of that operation which rendered the
; specific and minimum rules of assessment object
I tionfble to the people. That was not so much
j the fault of the rule as theerrorin its application,
j It was misapplied. For instance, silk was tar-
! iffed by the pound, broadcloth by the yaid; and
; so as to many other articles: and it is seen how
i unequal theoperation must have been. One pound
| of fine silk would cost double or treble that of a
j pound of the coaise; and one yard of fine broad-
! cloth would be worth twice or thrice that of a
yard of the coarse article; and thus the consumer
of the coarser commodity was compelled to con-
j tribute to the support of the Government double
: or treble the amount of percentage exacted from
