2S8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Refs.
ated for agricultural and other products, by the
increased population, and many other things
which will suggest themselves to the minds of all.
Now, as long as we do not by our protection ex-
ceed the advantage which results from our home
manufacture, so long we are not injuring our-
selves, even though the price of the article should
be enhanced to the extent of the duty imposed
on it.
But, says the objector, these advantages and
profits of which you speak go to benefit individuals
and classes who constitute the producers,while the
consumers derive no benefit; and in cases where
the price is increased by the duty, they are in-
jured. I frankly admit the force of the objection;
and here, 1 think, is found the greatest difficulty
to be overcome in the adjustment of a tariff with
a double view to revenue and protection. For
while regarding the country as a whole, and the
benefit which may be derived by any individual
or class, as so much added to the aggregate wealth
of the whole, we may be making a very une-
qual distribution of these benefits, or may be even
impoverishing some individuals to enrich others;
and a system which will produce such results is
not to be justified. The Government has no right,
in the adjustment of any system for raising rev-
enue, so to discriminate that one portion of its
citizens shall derive benefits while others suffer
injuries. This would be palpable injustice; and
if I believed, for one moment, that the policy
which I am advocating was productive of any
such results, I should be the first to abandon it.
It does not, however, follow that the benefits
resulting to all individuals, or to all sections of
the country, under any governmental system,
must necessarily be equal. Witness the inequality
of benefits resulting from the construction of rail-
roads and canals, by which certain localities are
largely benefited, while others derive little or no
advantage therefrom. Witness, also, the inequal-
ities of the benefits of the establishment of your
post routes, and the location of your post offices.
So far as all the classes whose products are in-
cluded in the dutiable list are concerned, the ben-
efits and the burdens may be regarded as equal,
and neither can feel aggrieved. But that large
class of consumers whose products receive no di-
rect protection from these duties, arc not so easily
answered on this point. To them, however, I
reply first, if you are not injured by this policy,
if the other classes of yourfellow-cmzens derive
benefits from this species of legislation, and your
business is not thereby rendered less productive,
the mere fact that others derive benefits which
you, in the particular branch of industry in which
you are employed, cannot share, gives you no
cause for complaint. If their increased prosperity
imposes burdens upon you without any benefits
by way of compensation, then injustice is done
you. nut I shall endeavor to show that this pro-
tective policy which I am advocating protects
these interests also. Tins class of producers (for
they are producers as well as consumers) is sub-
ject to the same laws of trade which govern all
others, nameiy,that the price of their products is
legulated by the supply and demand. Whatever
policy, then, will, outside of themselves, lessen
the supply and increase the demand, operates to
their advantage.
What, then, is the effect of this protective pol-
icy, so far as it tends to encouraging the manu-
facturing interests, upon the agricultural class?
In the first place, it brings into the country from
abroad a large class of operatives with their fami-
lies, who are all consumers of your products, and
' who, but for the manufacturing interests here,
would not come. These increase the demand for
your products, and consequently, according to
the law to which I have before alluded, enhance
the price; next, this system draws from the ag-
ricultural pursuits many men, into the manufac-
turing; this diminishes the supply of agricultural
products, and increases the demand, and conse-
quently the price is thereby enhanced. Again, it
creates for you a home market for your products,
and thereby saves you the cost of transportation;
for I think all will agree that agricultural prod-
ucts yield the greater profit the nearer home
they are consumed. It furnishes for you a mar-
ket for many productions which, by reason of the
greatness of the bulk as compared with the value,
| will not bear the cost of transportation to any
1 distant market. These are all advantages, im-
portant advantages, to your branch of industry.
Again: these very protected classes who con-
sume your products, are compelled, by reason of
the circumstances before-mentioned, to pay you
a higher price for these products, than under a
policy which caused them to be less prosperous,
they would be required to pay, and in thia way
a portion of the benefits which they derive from
protection goes into your pockets, while they
suffer partially from the increased price of your
products which they must consume, so that to
this extent the benefits and the burdens are equal-
ized. But there is still a further benefit which
you derive. Your interests are protected by this
species of legislation in the same manner as those
whose products are included in the dutiable list.
The encouragement of the manufacturing inter-
ests effectually guards and protects you against a
very powerful home competition. Under a pol-
icy which will enable the manufacturing industry
of the country to be prosecuted to advantage, the
hundreds of thousands of operatives engaged in
these pursuits, with their families constituting a
population of millions, are, as 1 before remarked,
all consumers of your products. They create for
you a market for your products at your own
doors, such as you cannot find elsewhere in the
world; and the more prosperous their business,
the more of these products of yours they can
afford to and will consume.
Nor is this increased demand confined to the
particular locality of those manufacturing estab-
lishments. By reason of our great facilities for
transportation, the supply is brought from places
far remote. Why, sir, from the place where I
reside, a few yeais ago, before the introduction
of manufactures into our county, thousands of
bushels of wheat were yearly shipped down the
Susquehanna, or hauled in heavy wagons over
the mountains, to find a market. The coarser
agricultural products, which would not bear the
cost of this mode of carriage, were a drug in the
market. Now, although the quantity of land
under cultivation is much greater than at the time
I have referred to, and in a much higher state of
cultivation, yet we are yearly compelled to import
from Buffalo, from Maryland, Virginia, Ohio,
and Michigan, large quantities of wheat and flour,
to supply our manufacturing population. We
bring yearly, from Ohio and Kentucky, thou-
sands of dollars'worth ofbeef and porkforhome
consumption, while, at the same time, our own
farmers find a ready market, at high prices, for
every product of the farm, the orchard, and the
garden. In every other manufacturing district
the same results have followed. And is this no
advantage to you as agriculturists ? Is it no ben-
efit to the farmers of Pcnnsylvaniathat they have,
at their own door, a ready cash market, at prices
highly rcmuneiatnte, for all the produce of every
kind which they can raise? Is it no advantage
to the grain-giowing States that Pennsylvania
and other manufacturing States are continually
consuming their products ? Does the South de-
rive no benefit from the quantity of cotton, rice,
sugar, hemp, and tobacco which these millions of
consumers connected with the manufacturing in-
terests continually require ?
View the other side of the picture. Suppose
you crush out this great manufacturing interest
of the country, chill up our furnaces, check the
rapid motion of the vast piles of machinery which
constitute our rolling mills and other manufactur-
ing establishments; let the forge-hammer rest
upon the anvil; hush the hum of the spindles and
the clatter of the shuttle; beat our manufacturing
implements into plow-shares and pruning-hooks:
what, then, becomes of the millions now con-
nected with,and dependent on, these blanches of
industry, these consumers of your products, these
your home customers ; Why, sir, armies of them
will be seen following the star of empire west-
ward to settle upon your ferule praiaes to com-
pete with the gram-giowers of the great West.
Others again will find their way southward to en-
gage in the culture of sugar, rice, cotton, and to-
bacco, and other products of those Stales. And
who* must be the effect of such a change upon
your interests? If the prices of your products
and the profits of your business depend upon the
law of supply and demand, here you find this
home market destroyed, this demand cut off; and
not only so, but you find these hundreds of thou-
sands of men, who were before consumers, now
not only supplying their own wants and the
wants of their families, and thereby, to that ex-
tent, lessening the demand, but they are, at the
same time, adding their surplus produce to the
general stock, and thereby greatly increasing the
supply. And can you see in this policy, which
we are now advocating, no incidental protection
to your interests which will compensate you for
the burdens which it might impose ?
In my own opinion, there is no class more deeply
interested in the prosperity of the manufacturing
interests than the agriculturists. I find in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, a state-
ment which affords a very clear illustration of the
effect of a depression of the manufacturing busi-
ness upon the agricultural. This statementshows
that from June 30, 1857, to June 30,1858, wheat
flour declined in price twenty-four per cent.,
hemp thirty-six per cent., molasses thirty-four per
cent., hay and sugar twenty per cent., and cheese
twenty-six per cent.; while bar iron declined in
price, in the same time, but twelve percent., pig
iron fifteen per cent., and wool sixteen per cent.;
showing, as the honorable Secretary says, " that
no class loses more heavily, or sustains greater
privations, in a period of general revulsion, than
the agriculturists." Now, why is this, that in
a time of depression, the agriculturists, the pro-
ducers of the absolute necessaries of life, should
suffer most by a depression in the price of their
products r I account for it by the fact that the
amount of agricultural products that are to be
thrown in the market, in any year, is but little
affected by these financial revulsiotis. The
farmer cultivates about the same quantity of land,
and raises about the same quantity of produce,
during a ycarof general depression, as during one
of general prosperity; and the nature of his pro-
ducts is such that, as a general thing, they must
go into the market during the current year; for
the next year will bring with it its own supply.
But the manufacturer, whenever he finds a finan-
cial crisis coming upon him, curtails his busi-
ness, or perhaps stops it altogether, and can gen-
erally, if he chooses to do so, keep his stock on
hand, out of the market, until times revive. The
operatives being thus thrown out @f employ, and
without the means to purchase, are compelled to
reduce their consumption, which lessens the de-
mand, and consequently brings down the price of
the products of the agriculturist, while the man-
ufacturer refuses to sell until there is a demand,
and thus is able to keep up the price of his prod-
ucts. But I have said enough on this point.
Another objection which is urged against the
protective feature of a revenue tariff is, that the
effect of all duties is to enhance the price of the
articles on which they are imposed, to the extent
of the duty, and that where the duty is levied upon
articles which we manufacture here, its effect is
to increase the price not only of the imported ar-
ticle, but also of the domestic, to the extent of the
duty; and hence the consumers pay not only the
duty on the foreign article as a tax for the support
of Government, but they pay an equal tax on all
the domestic products protected by this duty,
which goes into the pockets of the domestic man-
ufacturer. This objection is presented by the hon-
orable Secretary of the Treasury, in his last annual
report; and it has formed the basis of the great
part of the arguments which have been presented
against an increase of the tariff, in both ends of
the Capitol. If, say they, a hat can be manufac-
tured at Paris and sold here for three dollars, and
you impose a duty of one dollar on it, you enhance
the price of the imported hat to four dollars; and
at the same time you enhance the price of the
same kind of hats manufactured here to the same
price. The dollar duty on the foreign hat goes
into the public Treasury, while the extra dollar
on the domestic iiat goes into the pockets of the
home manufacturer.
Now, sir, I deny that any such result is neces-
sarily or even generally produced by the levying
of duties on foreign goods; and it cannot be sus-
tained by the facts or by reason. Whether the
effect of a duty will be to increase the price of either
the imported article or the like domestic manu-
