1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
it is equally true that those of the postal system
run south and west. I have made up the account
from 1853 to iS58,and shall present a comparison
with my own State. I have not included the ex-
penses of the general Department nor those of
the foreign or Pacific service, but left these to be
charged, as suggested by the Postmaster General
in his communication the other day, to the States
pro rata according to population; so that jf these
general expenses were included it would not af-
fect the relative state of the account. The table
of expenses includes the entire cost of transpor-
tation and compensation to postmasters within
the several States; and whilst it may he alleged
that it is not perfectly accurate as between ad-
jacent States, where routes extend out of one
into the other, and that the expenses may not be
equally charged, that fact would not break the
force of the account as to the community of States
with which I am making the comparison.
Receipts and expenses of the Post Office Depait>aent in the
following States, dui i;i£ the last jive yca/s, f)oni 1834 to
1858, inclunce.
States.
Gross re-
ceipt-.
Gross ex-
penses. |
Deficit. Excess.
i'ennsylvania.
Vitgima 
Noitli Cuiohna
•South Carolina
Georgia 
Florida 
A labama 
Mississippi....
Texas 
Kentucky 
Michigan 
Louisiana 
Tennessee.... i
Mii-souri 
Illinois 
Indiana.......
Arkansas 
.$2,975 171
1,118.9/1
369,512
4"0,a;>a
752.904
104.6518
542,438
40=2.514
^60.358
655.150
74S.6l fi
77-}.<)2->
f)C3,014
7-18 .£06
1.674.610
891.!^
151,2Jb
.79 k
,0 '2
,040.
.278.
,580
,430
,250
.'177
'.101
,199
,996
9
.504
.006
.515
931
.2211
Mui $9fW,092
446. G1U.9IJ4
,06-J: 807,710
.:m: ssmio
,477 = 417,779
.0891 8S7.C51
.979' 858^405
,737 -1,117.379
,1U0; 445.948
.2-r.i 4>0 ~>~>7
.'.4:M' 1,2^4^108
940 441,896
785.100
.,0 21,90 J
65}.131
78^305
.005
3141
.543 j
Excess.   
But, sir, this discrepancy docs not consist alone
in the amount of receipts. It is just as strikingly
exhibited by a comparison of the expenditures.
For instance, the expenses in Virginia, for the five
years in view amounted to $2,027,0G3, whilst 111
Pennsylvania, with double the population, the ex-
penses were but $2,794,224, instead of $i,054,126
to which she would have been entitled on the
ratio of the Virginiaexponditure. The expenses
in Georgia for the same period were ftJ ,5*6,334,
and on this ratio there should have been ex-
pended in Pennsylvania $4,758,000, The ex-
penses of Louisiana, with but four members m
the House of Representatives, were jjl,l)9(>,430,
and at the same rano those of Pennsylvania would
have reached-$12,321,411. Illinois, with six mem-
bers, received &2,G9G,516\ and on that basis Penn-
sylvania should have received ^7,415,419. The
expenses of Florida were £>522,477, and to have
placed Pennsylvania on an equal footing would
have required the expenditure of the enormous
sum of £13,061,825. Thecompatisou with Texas
would be stiii worse; and the average m all the
States in the foregoing list would huve given to
Pennsylvaniajicarly treble the amount which sli^
received.
Classifying the Spates as northern and eastern,
southern and western, and deducting foreign
postage received in the A tlantic cities, the account
for five years past will stand as follows:
Northern and Soi'thei n ami
ca*tcm, western.
Receipts $14.3-7.98-1 $13,071 ..T/J
ExpeiisCts   13,839.461 29.311.960
1.046.521 Deficit, ^14 2 m.COt)
Another handsome item for incidental protec-
tion. Fifteen million would sustain oar manu- :
factures much longer than it will the Post Office ,
Department. !
But if it be said that the most of the public
money is spent in the nuuiuldctunns^ates, I de-
mur to the assumption and point to the vast ex-
penditures, south and wf-st, 111 the Indian w<u?s—
to that in Florida especially, of more than twenty
years5 duration: indued to the v. h> S<; expenditures
in Indian atTkns, and especially to flu delusive
system of Indmn civilization. Ikit 1 shall not dwell
on these things at present. What I have said is
in no uakind. spirit, either of complaint or criti-
cism.
My State indulges no such feeling. She has
sent her native sons throughout the great West,
i and she has watched their career with parental j
concern. She views with pride and pleasure the |
j growth of the new States and the prosperity of the 1
i older ones. She is slow to complain, and harbors
| contempt only for idle bravado about the rights of
! States. She intends to deal justly by her sister
1 States and stand by the constitutional rights of all.
I She will, as she always has done, in peace or in
| war, perform her whole duty to the Union, and j
j frown with disdain upon any and every sugges- !
j tion looking to its dissolution; but she does feel, j
j and feel deeply, unjust criticism upon a policy |
i which she deems useful to her interests and re- 1
; gards as wise for the nation as a whole. I have j
| no menace to offer in her name—I love and respect i
j her too much to trifle with her in this way; but '
j this I will say, if gentlemen suppose that hcrpeo- j
1 pie are insensible to the cold indifference mani- i
| fested to her voice, spoken by her people and by |
: her Legislature, if they live long enough they will ;
; discover their error. ;
; In what 1 have said to-day, I have endeavored (
| to give expression to the sentiments of the people |
! whom I represent, not so much, indeed, so far as
■ I may have made any comparison in the expend- !
| iturer of the Government money between differ- >
1 cnt sections of the Union and between different j
■ States. That I have done in no spirit of com- !
1 plaint or accusation. I have presented it as ade-
| fense, because a constant effort is made to place :
I my constituents in the attitude of begging at the j
i hands of the Government for favor. They are a ■
' grateful people and thankful for favors: but, sir, ■
' they are a proud people. They ask only their
■ rights. They would not infringe upon tiiose of '
. any other section or any other State They seek
no gratuity. When they speak of incidental aid
; from our revenue system to the interests of the '
| country, they have reference to those interests !
jj wherever they are found. They treat it as a ,
I broad, general policy,embracing the whole Union. (
They believe there is a relation of reciprocity, ,
; not only between the States politically, but be- j
'' tween ail the blanches of industry and all thede- i
'! partments of Government; and whatever corn- j
plaint may be made against the incidents of the !
\. revenue system, she has equal cause of com- !
|. plaint on other points which I have endeavored ;
j to present. However the views I have present- j
j ed in regard to postal deficiencies may be cnti- j
| cised, they are substantially correct. The Sen- ;
;'ator from Geoigia [Mr. Toombs] shakes his
head. 1 knew lie would do thnt. I wish it was !
all the shak^ he had to give on this subject. I !
■ know, sir, that what i have said is to undergo :
, severe criticism. I may have erivjjl m making up |
my figures, but I know the Senator from Georgia
will believe that I intended only to present the ■
true history of die ease. [Mr Toombs nodded as- j
sent.] Certainly I am not at fault on the ques- 1
tion of public lands. There is a valuable donation 1
given to sister Status, vvhom Pennsylvania loves :
and admires, and whom she would willingly ad- I
vonee in their prospeuty; but who sometimes!
unkindly complain of the beneficial incidents to
her mnnufaeturnig establishments from our rev- !
enue system.
Now, Mr. President, I shall not pursue this
subject further at pnsent. 1 have performed,
under the instructions of the Legislature of my j
State, what I consulted to be a duty. ;
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor. '
Air. BROWN. My friend from Georgia, I
suppose, does not wish to be heard on this sub- 1
ject", which is a very large one, at this late hour
of the day; and if he will allow mo, 1 \rt<l move ;
to postpone the consideration of this question until .
to-morrow at one o'clock, and make it the special ,
order of the day to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, with the view of proceeding now with the
regular order of business for tins day.
Mr. TOOMBS, i have no objection to that, if
it suns the Senate.
Mi. BROWN. 1 make my motion specific, so
as not to deprive the Senator from Georgiaof the ■
floor to-morrow at one o'clock. I move that we :
make thi^ subject the special order for that hour,
ro the cxclusi'ui of ah other business.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope ihe
Senator will withdrawing motion until I can offer
a substitute, and have it read.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly; I give way for that
purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My object is
to accomplish precisely the result which the reso-
lution professes to have in "view—bringing1 the
expenses to the revenue standard* My object is
to bring the' expenses of this Government within
its revenues. £ think my preposition w based
clearly upon what the President of the United
States desires, and has recommended, I propose
to amend the resolution of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, by striking out all after the word
" resolved," and inserting:
That the President of the United States be, a®d he is
hereby, requested to cause the heads of the various Exec-
utive Depaitments to submit estimates of expenditure for
the Government to the Thirty-Sixth Congress, upona&asis
not exceeding $50,000,000 per annum, exclusive of the
public debt and the inteiest thereon.
Resolved, That so nniclrof ihe President's second anneal
me--sage a&telates to a reduction of the expenditures of the
United States., winch is m the following words,to wit: "£
in\ite Congress to institute a rigid scrutiny to ascertain
whether the expensed of all the Departments cannot be
still fui titer reduced, and 1 piarmse them alt the aid in my
power hi pur.iimig the investigation," be referred to the
Committee on Finance; and that said committee are hereby
msti ueted, aftet first contemng with and obtaining all
u aid" and information from the President and the heads of
the Departments, as indicated in the President's message,
to icpoit a bill rriormingas far as possible all nbussesjifany,
in the application of the approbations made by Congress
for the support of the vanous Departments, and which wili
reduce the expenditure to an honest, rigid, economical ad-
mun-tiatjou of the (srovermnent.
1 base my first resolution on the following letter
of the President, written in 1853:
W it rat T.\ Ni), February 23, 1852.
Gentlemun: On what issues, then, can we go before
the countiy and confidently calculate upon the support of
the Ameucan people at the approaching presidential elec-
tion ? f answer unhesitatingly thnt we ma«t fall ba-efc, as
\ou suggest, upon those tundamentai and tune-honored
puiu ipieb winch have divided t.s from ouj political oppo-
nents .once i;n' beginning, and which, fiom the very nature
of ihe Fedeial Convolution, must continue to divide us
trom thein to the end. We mus-t nibcnbe upon our banners
a sound legard loi tiie ie>ei vt;d righwof the States, a strict
con.-truction of the Constitution, a denial to Congress of a!4
power* not cleiuly gruited by that instrument, and a rigid
ecnnomv in public expenditures.
The^p expenditures have now reached the enormous sum
of #.>0,000,000 per annum, and. unless arrested in their ad-
vance by the strong aim ot the Demociaev of the country
may, m the course of a few years, reach $100,01)0,000. The
appiopuation ol money to accomplish great national objects
sanctioned by the Constitution ought to be on a scale c m-
mensutdie with our power and lesources as a nation ; but
its expenditure ought to be conduced under the guidance
of enlightened economy and >trict responsibility. X anii con-
vinced that our expenses ought to be considerably reduced
below the presentstandatd, not only wilhoutdetriment,but
with positive advantage both to the Government and the
people.
An excessive and lavish expendnsue of public money—
thonah m it^rdf highly pernicious—is nothing when com-
pared with the disa^uous influence it may exert upon the
chaiacter of our fu e m«tituttons. A stior.g tendency to-
wards extiavaganee i- the giear poiiucal evil of the present
duv, und tins ought to be firmly resisted. Congress is now
mces^antiy importuned fiom every quarter to make appro-
pt moon* for all sorts of projects. Money, from the national
Treasury, is constantly demanded to enrich contractors,
speculator-', and agents; and these piojuets aie gilded over
with every allurement winch can be imparted to them by
ingenuity and talent. Claims, winch had been condemned
by loi mer (icci.:ions5 and had become ru>-ty with age, have
been again revived, and have been paid, principle and m-
teic-t. "Indeed there seems to be one general ru-h to obtain
money fiom the Treasury on any and every pretense.
What will be the inevitable consequence of such lavish
expenditures ? Are they not calculated to disturb the mcely-
<idju*?ted balance between the Federal ami State govern-
ments. upon the preservation of winch depend the har-
mony and efficiency of our system ? Greedy expectants from
the Fedeial Tiea urv will regard with mdifierence, if not
with contempt, the government of the several States. The
doctrine of State rights will be laughed to seom by such
individuals, as an obsolete abstraction, unworthy the en-
lightened spuit of tUc age. The corrupting powei of money
will in; felt throughout the length and breadth of the land,
and the Democracy, led on by the Hero and Sage of the
fleinutnge, wiil have in vain put down the Bank of the
United Stater;, if the same fatal influence for wlnHi it was
condemned -.hall be exerted and fostered by means drawn
fiom the public Troa-usy.
To be liberal with then own money, but sparing of that
of the Republic, was the. gloiy of distinguished public sec-
vant> among tire ancient Romans. When tins maxim was
reversed, and the public money was employed by aitlul and
ambitious demagogue^ tosecuro then own aggsandrzement,
genuine hbeilvsoon expired. It is true that thefotnisof
the Republic continued tor many years, bur thy animating
and in.-piunir '•oul had fled foif-ver. I enteitmn no serious
apjuobenMoh> th.u we t-iiali ever reach this point; jet we
mnv still profit by their evample.
With sentiments of the highest respect, T lem.iin your
friend and fellow eiti/en, JAMES BUCHANAN.
John NeKon. Wm Giles, John O. Whaiton, John Morris,
Canoli Spence, Wm. P. Pouder, and John A, iiowen,
Esq^.
J look upon this letter as expressing the Pres-
ident's views to-day. The expenditures, since
1852, have run up to §31,000,000—a sum much
beyond what he considered extravagant in 1852.
when he wrote the Wheatland letter. The second
