884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
resolution embraces tlmt portion ot'thc President's . j
message winch invites a rigid scrutiny and inves- ,1
ligation into the public expenditures with a view !j
to their reduction. My great object is to accorn- J
plish a reduction in the expenditures of the Gov- ||
errmipnt; to bring its operations.clearly within its !|
revenue limits. . :j
Mr. BROWN. The question now is on poet- :j
pomng the further consideration of this subject jj
until to-morrow at one o'clock, and making it the !:
special order for that time. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in ||
the chair.) The question is on that motion. ||
The motion was agreed to. j I
RAILWAY ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE. jj
Mr. BROWN. I now ask for the regular or- : j
der of business. i
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior ; i
orders, for the purpose of takins* up the consular ;
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. BROWN. Without one word of discus- ,]
sion, I ask for the yeas and nays on that ques- |
tion; and let us see whether my railroad projoct i
shall be overruled. ;
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being I
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 23; as follows; j
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Bay.nd, Benjamin, filler, Clies- ' j
nut, Clay, Cliii^'inan, Uilttendeii, Davis, Fitcli, Fiizji.Uiieir, ;
Houston, Hauler, Jones, Mason, Pearee, I'ugii, Kt-ul, Sli- :
dell, and Waid—20. ;|
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Brodeiick, Brown, Came- 1'
ron,Chandler,Clark, Dixon,Doolittle. Duikee, Foot, Hale,
Hamhn, Harlan, Jveison, Johnson of Tennessee. Kennedy,^
King. Malloiy, Sewaid, Shields?, Simmon:?, and Thomson of
New Jersey—:23.
So the motion was not agreed to; and the Sen- i
ate resumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11. !
No. 541) in relation to a railway along Pennsyl- j
vama avenue, m Washington 'city, in the Dis- j
trict of Columbia, the pending question bemg on |
th*?amendment of Mr. Davis to stuke out all after ]
the enacting clause, and insert: jj
That the Metropolitan Itaihoad Companv. inco poiat?d
by an act Assembly of Maivland. pa^ed at the Jutmaiy
session 1SS4, chapter 196, and the subsequent amendatoiy :
acts of the Legislature of Maryland,bhaU bi , and they an: ,
hereby,authorized and cmpoweicd to extend into and \\ I'hin
the District of Columbia the raihoad which the} Miall oon-
struct orjraube to bo eonstiueted in the ^lale of I\F:n \ fand.
and in a direction toward thcbuid Di.-tnet, m puir-uanu; o{
their said act of incorporation; and the said Metropolitan
Raihoad Company me hoieby aurliotized toexerei-e me ,
same poweis, rights, pi mle^e1-, and immunities, ami ^iiali
be subject to tins tame n'sti k-uoiis in the exten-ion. width, j
construction, and inpan of then load into and vviiinn the
District of Columbia, as th.ey may exercise, or are Millet
to, under and bv virtue of theii s><u.l act of mcorpoianon >ti
the construction and repair of their xaid road within the i
State of Maryland, and shall he entitled to the same r^hts, !
compensation, benefits, privileges, and immunities, in the
use of .said road, in tegaid thereto, as are provided ni =-a.id
charter.
Sec. 2. Jbidlcit further enacted, That the said Metro-
politan Railroad Company shall have puwei, and they aic
hereby Judy invited with the same, foi eon-sti uctin ,
making, and continuing (heir said toad through tin; cities
of Washington and Geoigetown, fiom the depot ot the j-aul
Metropolitan Itaihoad Company, in Georgetown aforesaid,
lo and by way of Budge street,'and thence along the stieet
leading from Bridge street to the aqueduct budge aeto.-s .
Rock creek, at the west enu of Pennsylvania avenue; and
thence along P6mi3\ Ivauia avenue and Fifteenth street to
the foot of the Capitol hill; and thence to the noith gate
of the navy-yard, and to the Baltimote and Washington
railroad .station: Provided, Tli.it the car> oi eaui.ige-? iiin-
uing on the avenue and streets afoiesairl, shall ho drawn by
horse power, and used lor the transpotumon of passenp'irf
and their baggage only : *dnd prouded also, That the com-
pany shall not rcccive, tor the tiarupoitation ot pa*sonsej-, ■
a late of fare exceeding live eenN pei passenger for the ,
whole, or any potion of said toad, tluon^h the eme> of
Washington and Geoigetown: And ytovided a ho, That
said railway through Pennsylvania aveune and the
aforesaid by a double track, he laid in the center thereof,
in the mo.st appioved manner adopted tot btieet mnways,
with a j nil of grooved pattern, laid upon an even _ui!acc
with the pavement of the avenue and streets; the >pa< e
occupied bv said double tiack not to exceed seventeen ltrpf
in width: */2nd provided aho, That ihe said company >hall
always keep said ti.u-k«. and pavements within the ouior
rail, in good lepair, without expense to the Government of
the United States or the government* ot" the eitie* of Wash-
ington and Geoigrtown . provided alio, Thai the said
laihvay ihimtgh ih<  eiues of U"a>hirmton and Geoigetown
be subject to the municipal regulation theieof respectively :
j-Jnd proiu'ed aho, That, unless said railroad tlnough die
avenue and streets aion'..aid -hall be commenced previous
to the ne.u regular <esfio  of C< ngu^-, and be completed
witbm one >ear theieafter, and the -aidiaihor.d fii-m the
C'jpy ol Geoigetown to neai ihe I'ointof Rock'-, be rotnpfeted
withia tix years from tiie passage of tins act, tliK act shall
ue iiuil aiid void.
jjt', "5. \jJrjl ic U farther e,iadcd., That noUiitiji in fins
act j-liall pre\ en   !jo Government at any time, sLt then op-
tion. from aiteung (he *'iade or otheiv.'i&e improving the
ave.iue.s or stieets afoies;ua-
^kc. 4. Jind be it further snactci!'4 That Congress re?ei ves
to itself thp light to change, alter,repeal, or amend tins act,
or any part thereof, at their pleasine-
S4SC. 5 And be if further enacted, That, upon the com-
pletion of said latlioad. the president and directors theieof
shall irdce and pay for the carnages and horses ot Gnbrrt
Vandenvei ken. now employed by him between Geoigetown
and the foot of the Capitol hill, at a valuation to be determ-
ined by two disinterested leletees.one to be chosen b}7 said
Vanderweiken. and the other by the president and airect-
ors of said Metropolitan railroad, with power to thdm, it
they disagree, to choo^ a thud person as urnpne-
S'pr. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall not bo
lawful for the board of direetois of the Metropolitan Kail-
road Company to declare or pay any dividend* io their
stockholders out of the earnings ot this In anch ot their toad
in the city of'Washington. until their main road from George-
town to their connection with the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road near the Point of liock&, in Maiyland, shall be ready
for public travel.
Mr. SHIELDS called for the yeas and nays on
theamendment;and they were oidered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bates, Bell, liiiglit, Chesnut.Cla.v, Cm-
tendon. Davi\ Fitzpatnek, Foot, Cwm, llou-ton,
t-on nf Tennessee. Jones, Mallotv. Mason, Fearcc, Pugh,
Jlenl, Shields Slidell,Toombs, Waul, and Yuiec—23.
NAYrf—Messrs. Allen. Bavaid, Big!e>\ Biodei a k, Biown,
Cameron, Chandler. Clark, Dixon, DoohHie, Dmkoe,flnle.
Hamlm. Hailan, Iverson. Keluiedy. Km«, Sewaid, Sim-
mons, Thomson of New Jeisey, and Wilson— 21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read j
the third time.
'Mr. BAYARD. -Is the question now on the
passage of the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on its passage. I consider that the bill can never
do any good now. The road will never be made
under the amendment; and therefore I shall vote
against it
Mr. BROWN. In reply to the suggestion of
my friend from Delaware, I will say this: If this
bill has any friends in rhe House of Representa-
tives, and they are determined to sustain it, let it
go back there, and they can drive these amend-
ments off. Of comsu it can never become a law
under the amendment last adopted. To expect
it is utter nonsense; and if it could, there would
never be any i(uli'oad; but let it go to the House
to do fiie best they can. I think the friends of
the bill had better let it pass in its piesent form.
Mr. WILSON. I want to have the privilege
of voting against the hill. I look upon it, in the
form it ha.; taken, as eminently unjust. I know
that the amendment which has been adopted, pro-
viding that this company shall not make any divi-
dends until they have completed the road lor forty
miles from Georgetown to the Point of Rocks,
does not amount to anything at all; and I think
it wrong, on a question that purely concerns the
people of Washington, to connect a road of this
, character with a tailroad of forty miles into the
! country; and therefore I want the privilege of
i voting against the bill. 1 ask for the yeas and ,
: nays. !
; Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I likewise I
desire to recoid my vote against this bill. When j
, the proposition first came before the Committee ,
on the District of Columbia, I was an advocate j
for this bill. I advocated this bill because an in-
■ dependent company came in, and proposed to
build <i road for the benefit of the city of Wash-
ington, Vvi'hout asking aid from the Treasury of
| the United States. Alter that bill had passed the
! House of Representatives, and came before the
, Senate, another company claimed the right to
build tins laihv.iy; aad ui^ed, as a reason, that
they cannot build a mad forty miles long unless
| they got this one-horse railroad.
Now, si>-, what company is it that demands the
right to eonsttuef this road ? What has it ever
done? \ v. ill if.H you what it has done. It has
■ obtained a charter fiom the State of Maryland-, it
purports to have surveyed a route forty miles
long; and it lias petitioned Congress over and
■ over and over a2;am tor fiuTds to build the road.
; Sir, before the Committee on the District of Co-
' hnnbia, not the directors of tiiis xaiiioad, but its
! fnends, have been begging over and over and
i over again, year after year, for an appropriation
. lo build abridge across the Potomac that will cost
i three or four million dollars.
; Now, sir, if you are going to give the right to
i such a corporation to build this road through the
! streets of Washington, I advise you to make an
• appropriation to build it, for it will never be built,
not a foot of it, by that company. The friends
of that company have inserted a provision that it
shall make no dividends until these forty miles of
road shall be built fiom Georgetown to the Point
of Rocks Is there a Senator present who h&s
any faiih in that proviso ? I have seen something
of that kind of jobbing. They may appoint a
president, a treasurer, and a general agent, and
pay the whole receipts of the road as salaries to
those men who furnish the money to build the
road. This company never purpose to build.a
road to the Point of Rocks, oi even to build this
one-horse railroad through the city of Washing-
ton. It is a bogus company. 1 do not say that
there are not honorable men connected with it,
but the Metropolitan Railroad Company is a
grand humbug. It is not a company that has any
right to claim this privilege. The buildingof this
one-horse railroad from the Capitol to George-
town, has as much to do, and is as apt to the sub-
ject, as the exclusive right to manufacture sewing
machines for these United States.
What does that company want with this pas-
senger railroad ? Do you intend that the Metro-
politan Company shall run their freight cars
through Pennsylvania Avenue ? Is there any such
intent? The friends of the bill say not; but you
want to run a little one-horse railroad through
this town to enable a great Metropolitan Com-
pany to build forty miles of road to the Point of
Rocks. You had" better give them an-exclusive
right to some Inrdia-rubberpatent. It has just as
much to do with building the Metropolitan rail-
road as this has. I wish to record my vote agamst
it, and against that company-. 1 want to show no
favors to beggars, who ask Congress to build
bridges across the Potomac that will cost three
oi four million-dollars, and funds to build their
railroad. Sir, they will not build one inch of this
road, under this bill; or, if done at all, some two
or three men m this town wiiladvance the money,
build the road, and manage it. They will not ask
you ever to allow tln-m to declare dividends, for
they will pay ail their dividends to their officers.
The owners of the road will be, one president,
and another treasurer, and so on: and they can
gonsume the whole receipts of their road by sala-
ries, without asking for the privilege of declaring
a dividend. No dividend will ever be made. I
hope this bill will be voted down. I wish to re-
cord my vote against it.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I voted for this
amendment to the bill, not because I have a pref-
erence between the companies proposing to make
the road, but because I am opposed to placing a
railroad track upon the avenue at all. My purpose
was to assist in defeating the whole plan; and I
move now to lay the subject on the table, with a
view of bringing the Senate to a test vote upon
that question, and disposing of the matter en-
tirely.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us get rid of it by taking
a vote on the passage of the bill, without this
motion.
Mr. YULEE. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the Senator from Massachusetts that
an amendment is not now in order, unless by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. \ object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and amendments are not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope that the friends of
the project of building a railroad through the city
will suifer this bill to pass, and let the matter come
to a conference between the House of Represent-
atives and the Senate by a conference committee.
There is undoubtedly a majority of this body m
favor of the original bill, substantially; but the
vote was taken on this amendment at a time when
several gentlemen, fnends of the bill, were absent,
and therefore it was, that the amendment was
carried. If they suffer the bill to pass, as sug-
gested by the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, it will then come to a con-
ference, and the bill will pass in its original shape
substantially.
Mr. WILSON. Will it not be in order to move
an additional section to the bill?
