Q62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Davis.
Sen;
which induced that Indian to commit the murder;
but what that something was, and whether of a
character sufficiently offensive to warrant theact,
1 am not informed; but that there must have been
some cause for the criminal act, I think the gen-
erality of persons must admit.
I do not wish, however, to be understood as a
defenderofthelndians—farbeitfrom me. I know
the character of that tribe, and am acquainted,
not only with the depredations they have com-
mitted upon citizens of New Mexico, but with the
tragical scenes that have been enacted by them in
theassassinationand capture ofour men, women,
and children, in the Territory, before and since
its acquisition by the United States. When I first
heard of the murder of the negro, I confess, sir,
I was not surprised at it. It had been a common
occurrence in the Territory, and I was so well
associated with such rumors that I read the article
without commenting upon it to anybody. I had
heard so frequently of the murder of New Mexi-
cans—American citizens—by those Indians, and
had noticed that no military parade had been made
on their account, that I did not expect anything
would have been done ir. that instance.
It is mortifying to the Spanish pride of the cit-
izens of that Territory when they reflect upon
the fact that, for the murder of a negro, war was
declared, while, for the assassination of their
own blood, silence has been the watch-word; or
when no other excuse can be given, their repre-
sentations and reports of those occurrences among
them are characterized as false. Truly, sir, have
we been conquered. War should have been de-
clared long before the time that the negro was
murdered. Had it been so, the negro would have
been spared to his master. Major Kendrick—
now a professor at West Point, and a gentleman
who is known to the entire Army as a man of
intelligence, sagacity, and wisdom, as well as ex-
perience in Indian wars—I understand, urged re-
peatedly the necessity of war against this tribe
of Indians. He built Fort Defense, and was in
command of it for several years. Mr. Yost, in
one of his letters describing the difficulties with
these Indians, and the operations of the troops,
says;
"In examining theofficial correspondence between Major
Kendrick, now at West Point, a very lyiclhgent ami piu-
dent officer, at one time commander of this post, and head-
quarters of tin; department at Santa i''6, I obseive that, in
communications running from 18.r)4 to 1807, he repeatedly
urged the necessity 01 war with tho^e Indians. Special
causes, occurring at diffeient periods within that time, are
cued, embracing theft, murder, and contumacious conduct,
and immediate hoftiluiea recommended. Had these rec-
ommendations been listened to and acred upon, I have no
doubt it would have been much bettei for t lie Indians and our
Government. It was foreseen by that thoroughly piaeiical
officer that war was inevitable with them. His. intimate ac-
quaintance with their ideas and belief forced him to this un-
pleasant conclusion. lie knewtlwn well; they had respect
for and confidence in him. Dut their false notions of their
own power and position could not he removed unless they
were thoroughly chastised.
" Notwithstanding the necessity for the war, in order to
properly impress theco Indians with a due sense of their
own comparative insignificance, it may be con-ideicd un-
fortunate by some that a nigger is anywise connected with
the immediate commencement 01 hostilities. I look upon
it in that light myself, as the nis^erH novvthomo^t prolific
feouicc of contention and discord, and is seldom associated
with any public question unless wiangling and mi^con^rruc-
tion follow. Especially iy thi.^ leamre in the inauguration
of war destined 10 become prominent, when the investiga-
tion of the matter develop* the fact that repeated ciime-i n*
heinous, if not more so, have been peimitted to pass unno-
ticed and unavenged. 1 leave all, howevei, to form then-
own opinion, being satisfied with meiely mentioning the
prominent points likely to arise in discussing the war."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will not say that I have
disapproved of the war because the casus belli
was a negro; I know that lie, as well as any citi-
zen of the United States, has a right to the pro-
tection of his life under the laws of the land. I
shall not attempt to dispute that point. But why
was not war declared before, in accordance with
the correspondence of Major Kendrick, and when
the citizens of that Territory were murdered and
robbed? Are they less worthy of protection at
your hands than a slave ? Did yon acquire that
country to mortify the native born and free citi-
zens in that Territory by making a discrimination
in our very eyes against us, and in favor of a slave?
Is that the treatment that you promised to dis-
pense to that people ? A colony conquered by a
despotic Power could not receive a greater indig-
nity than that. The people of my Territory feel
this most keenly,and itis natural that they should
do so, for they know the slanderous and false rep-
resentations that have been made by ignorant and
ungrateful men against them and their character.
The representationsare so grossly false, however,
that they do not deserve the compliment of an
honest refutation, and I will leave the authors of
them to reconcile their malicious statements with
their own hearts and conscience.
The people of the Territory of New Mexico
need no defense; but I trust I -may be permitted
to say somewhat with regard to their character.
In doing so, I shall endeavor to divest myself of
any national prejudices I may have favorable to
them, for I myself am a native of that country,
and " to the manner born." The people of that
Territory are Mexican born, but the great ma-
jority of Castilian origin and descent, and are
generous, noble, and brave; and in a striking de-
gree they retain the elements of their Spanish
extraction; native quickness of perception and
apprehension, pride of character, love of adven-
ture, generosity of impulse, and a characteristic
heedlessness of personal danger. They are a
people possessing, in an eminent degree, moral
probity and integrity in all transactions of business
—are active, energetic, and enterprising. Their
persevering traders have been, sir, the pioneers,
the creators, and the establishers of that vast in-
land traffic which now animates the b'oundless
prairies into green seas that grandly swell with
accumulating floods of thriving commerce.
I know, sir, that there exists a great misappre-
hension throughout this country towards the peo-
ple of New Mexico, based, I suppose, upon the
fact that we once formed a part of Mexico proper,
where exists every gradation of race, ana where
political vicissitudes, instability, and anarchy,
have ever been the prominent and marked char-
acteristics of that Government. I admit that we,
in common with Mexico, have certain national
prejudices, and also inherit a national religion;
but civil feuds and anarchy, the ordinarily recog-
nized traits of our old mother country,from which
we sprung, have never crept into and diffused
themselves throughout our Territory. We lived,
virtually, a separate and an independent people,
sustaining and supporting our own government,
and protecting ourselves against Indian hostili-
ties, incursions, and invasions, until the period of
time when our former allegiance became changed
to our present political connection. Such, sir, is
briefly the character of the people I have the honor
of representing upon this floor, and who feel an
inexpressible mortification at the discrimination
(although I believe it unintentional) which ap-
pears to have been made between them and a
slave.
But what of the war with the N'avajoes ? I shall
not attempt to pluck one laurel from the noble
brow of the brave officers who, with a handful of
men and worn-out horses, met and conquered at
every engagement their savage foe. Bat I can-
not give in my assent to the management of that
campaign, either by the commander of the de-
partment, (Colonel Bonneville,) or the one im-
mediately in charge of it, (Colonel Miles.) I be-
lieve that most of Colonel Loring's regiment was
engaged in the campaign; and yet he, a man of
energy, action, and resolution, was left at home
in command of thirty men at Port Union. I am
of opinion that, if there had been a more rapid
concentration of the troops in the Navajo coun-
try, the war would have terminated in a different
manner,and the murdererwould have beencaught
before the Indians could have had time for a re-
treat beyond the confines of Chusco and Tnmcha.
And up to the time when the armistice was con-
cluded, no decisive battle was fought; there had
been only a little skirmishing, as it appears from
the letters of Mr. Yost, the Indian agent in that
country, and who seems to have given a true ac-
count of the whole affair. Preparations for a
winter campagin seem to have been going on all
the time; and the commander appeared to be de-
: termined, under no circumstances, to make peace
I either with those bands of the tribe or nation who
! desired peace, or those who had espoused the
' cause of the murderer, until the culprit should be
delivered up to him. The whole cause for that war
was the failure to deliver the murderer—there ap-
pears to have been no other reason for it but that.
And, sir, what do we see now ? The last intel-
ligence from that country informs us that an arm-
istice has been concluded, and shortly after a
treaty of peace was made, both of which, if my
information be correct, are farcical, and have done
no credit to the regular forces in that Territory,
or the officers connected with the negotiations,
because neither the murderer has been delivered,
nor the band which protected him and espoused
his cause been whipped, and thus made to feel
the determination and the power of the Govern-
ment. The murderer and his band have not been
subjugated as they ought to have been; they are
leftfree, and in a condition to prosecute their hos-
tile attacks and marauding expeditions upon the
citizens of the Territory, just as the whole tribe
have always done.
The whole Navajo difficulty, in my opinion,
has been so badly conducted, that it leaves the
people of the Territory in no better condition than
they were up to the origin of that trouble, and
the Indians no less humbled.
With these desultory and hurried remarks, and
thanking the committee for its kind attention, I
shall take my seat, with the consciousness that,
in the few observations I have submitted for the
consideration of the committee, I have but per-
formed a duty I owe to my constituency.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. JEFF. DAVIS,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, January 7 and 10, 1859.
[revised by himself.*]
The Senate having under consideration the bill to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the Trench prior
to the 31st of July, 1801, the que&noii being on ordering the
bil' to be engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. DAVIS said: I regret very much, Mr.
President, that it devolves upon me to state the
objections to this bill. I had hoped that some
one, not only more competent from his greater
knowledge of the subject, but from his physical
ability better fitted for the task, would have un-
dertaken it. Looking upon it as an important
public-measure, as involving questions the import-
ance of which is greatly beyond a single case pre-
sented, I feel constrained, however reluctantly,
to say something upon it before it passes to a
third reading.
The bill proposes to provide for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of claims of American cit-
izens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st day of July, 1801. It is a case
which has been long before Congress. It is one
which was considered by the men who were co-
temporaneous with the transaction. It has been
from that time to this, pressed in one House or
the other; and from the amount of energy which
has been shown in its prosecution, it is fair to sup-
pose it is not simply the interest of those segre-
gated individuals who may have been wronged
by France, or their descendants, which has been
the object of such caie. Nevei, however, dur-
ing the whole course of the many years in which
it has been pressed upon the attention of Con-
gress, has it received the favorable action of both
Houses, except upon two occasions, and then it
met the Executive veto. Itcomes before us now
afte^ those have passed away who were fully cog-
nizant of the facts; after the men have gone to
their final reckoning who suffered by spoliations;
after the witnesses who could have brought to us
any new evidence have been silenced by death;
and under these circumstances we are called upon
to sit in judgment on that which others better
qualified have decided, and to grant the favorable
action which their wisdom and justice withheld.
Feeling that I shall be unable to enter at large
into the subject, and yet that it is necessary some-
what to notice the history which is involved in the
case, I will now proceed to state some of the facts
which lead me to the conclusion to be thereafter
presented to the Senate.
* For the original reports see Congressional Globe, pages
258, 278.
