264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'[January 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Davis.
SF.N4TE.
war, all the citizens of one country would have
been at hostility with all the citizens of the other;
and this was not the fact." It is also said, that
if it had been war, it could only have been term-
inated by a treaty of peace. I grant it was not a
general war; that it was not a declaration of war
against France; but it was legislative authority to
make war upon the armed vessels of France; and
this war was carried on with many battles, vic-
tories, and defeats; prisoners were taken and held,
and cartels were offered for the exchange of pris-
oners. Is this a state of peace ? If this be peace,
what would be war? Millions of'treasure were
spent; citizens of every character were involved
in conflict; blood was shed; captures were made;
prizes were sold under authority of special legis-
lation by the United States; and still we are told
that we were in a state of peace! War is not ne-
cessarily both on the sea and land; neither is there
any form prescribed m which our Government
Shall declare war against a foreign Power. For
example: when, by the invasion of our territory
on the Rio Grande, it was deemed necessary to
wage war against Mexico, it was done as an act
of defense. We did not then formally declare
war. Congress passed a law asserting that war
existed by the act of Mexico, and provided men
and money to prosecute the war. In the case be-
fore us, Congress declared that the depredations
of France must be repelled by force; and they
gave men and money for that purpose.
The cases are nearly parallel, the main differ-
ence being that one was a war on sea, and the
other was a war wholly on land—characteristics
which resulted from their own peculiar circum-
stances. France did not choose to invade the
United States. She had not the power then to do
so, involved, as she was, in the general war with
Europe. The United States did not wish to in-
vade the territory of France. The aggression re-
ceived was upon sea, and on the sea she went to
repel it. In the case of Mexico, the aggression
was upon the land; and upon the land it was ro-
pelled. Mexico had no navy; therefore we had
no battle on sea. In the one case the combats
were entirely on the sea; in the other on the land.
In neither case was there the ordinary form of a
declaration of war; but in cach case a legislative
act which recognized aggression and provided for
its redress.
But I am to be told, no doubt, as we have been
told often before, that the negotiations of 1800
were conducted on the basis of peace. It is true;
but why were they conducted on the basis of
peacc ? The United States, specially regardful of
the claims of her citizens who had suffered depre-
dations, did notchoose to hazard them by putting
their negotiation on the basis of war. If treated
as a case of war, the claims must have been neces-
sarily abandoned. France, on the other hand,
anxious to revive the treaties of 1778 and 1788,
did not choose to put negotiations on the basis of
war; for, if they acknowledged the existence of
war, they admitted the extinction of the treaties,
and their claim to the obligations incurred by the
United States under them fell as a consequence of
that admission. Thus, the negotiators on both
sides were willing, ou the basis of peace, to pro-
ceed to the new negotiations of 1800. They thus
conducted them. Language was used which
would justify the assertion which has been made,
and may he made again, that peace existed; but
after negotiation was at an end, when diplomacy
had exhausted itself, when all diplomatic subter-
fuges were no longer of value, they used a differ-
ent language; then we were informed by the French
ministers negotiating with our commissioners, that
it was a state of war, and consequently that there
was no claim to indemnity. As this is consid-
ered the mam point in the case, I refer to the
authority. In the journal of the proceedings of
the commissioners, September 12, 1800, (State
Papers, vol 2, Foreign Relations, page 337,) may
be found the following language. After referring
to the discussion in relation to the guarantees,
indemnities, &c., in connection with modified
terms on which the United States would renew
the treaties, the journal proceeds:
" The conversation on this subject closed by a declara-
tion of the president of the French comrnisMon, that such a
noditication could not be acceded to without new instruc-
tions ; that they had no power to assent to such a stipula-
tion ; but that, if the Government should thnik proper to
instruct them to make a treaty on the basis of indemnities,
and a modified renewal of the old treaties, he would resign
sooner than sign such a treaty; adding, that if the question
could be determined by an indifferent nation, he was satis-
fied such a tribunal would say, that the present state of
things was war on the side of America, and that no indem-
nities could be claimed. The other two commissioners
made similar declarations."
Our'own commissioners, on the 13th Septem-
ber, communicating an account of the negotiation
to their Government, said:
" The American ministers being now convinced that the
door was perfectly closed against all hope of obtaining in-
| demmties, with any modification of the treaties, it only
I remained to be determined whether, under all the cireum-
: stances, it would not be expedient to attempt a tempoiary
| airangement winch would extricate the tinned State? from
• the war, or that peculiar state of hostility m which they are
i at present involved, save the immense property of our citi-
j zens now depending before the council of prizes, and se-
i cine, as> far as possible, our commeice against the dbu&es
| of capture during the present war."
! This is the language used after all the terms of
diplomacy had ceased to have value—after they
had reached the point of a conclusive issue. The
French ministers asserting that the old treaties
must be revived, without modification, as the
condition on which indemnity would be made;
and the American ministers insisting that full in-
demnity should be granted to our citizens; but
the treaties could only be renewed after modifica-
( tion. The American ministers being instructed
not to revive the abrogated treaties, proposed to
make modifications of the old treaties, and thus
sought to secure indemnity. Finding that it was
useless further to ar^ue on the basis of peace, the
French negotiators peremptorily say, " we will
not negotiate on the basis which is offered, be-
cause war has swept away your claim to indem-
nity;" and our ministers admit the fiction which
had been employed, by stating that they now de-
termined to get rid of the injuries which would
result from the continuance'of war. Tins was
the plain language which was used after diplo-
macy had exhausted all its arts.
But, Mr. Piesident, 1 do not hold that the ques-
tion turns on this point, though it has been so
argued, and therefore I have thought proper so to
notice it. This Government had a right, I say,
to abrogate those treaties; they had a right to
consider them as destroyed, because they had
been broken by the opposite party. A compact
broken on one side is entirely broken. It tests
then with the party who has suffered from the
breach by the other, to permit the compact to
continue, or to annul it at its pleasure. France,
by many violations of their provisions, had broken
the treaties; and there is a strange anachronism
m the argument which is presented, 'hat the out-
rages of France resulted from the wrong perpe-
trated by the United States in their negotiation
with Great Britain. Those outiages wete com-
muted m 1793, before the Jay treaty (which is
made the basis of complaint) was negotiated.
That treaty was negotiated in 1794, and one of
the complaints of France was, that it was not
promptly promulgated, it was negotiated a year
after the outrages were committed, but not pro-
mulgated until some time in 1796. This shows
how utterly fallacious it is to put the outrages
committed by France upon the ground of a first
violation of the treaty by the United States in
their negotiation with Great Britain. There has
been a strange mutation in the relation of parties,
too. That party to which my friends and I have
succeeded, the old Democratic party, were not
the advocates of the Jay treaty. They considered
that treaty as a violation of good faith to France.
It was odious in this country, the Administration
was slofy" in promulgating it; and but for the
outrages committed by France, I think it more
than doubtful whether the Jay treaty ever would
have been ratified. Alienation occurred from the
wrongs which France had committed on our com-
merce, and the injuries she had inflicted on our
citizens, and that feeling sustained the treaty, and,
probably, led to its ratification. I say that it does
not devolve on mo to defend the Jay treaty; but
how stands it with the other side? The success-
ors of the party who advocated that treaty now
bring it forward to put their own Government in
the wrong, and to show that France was right.
Our Government, proceeding upon the basis
which I have stated, in the preamble to the acr
which declared the abrogation of the treaty,spoke
of it as broken by France, and then pioceedefl
to declare it abrogated. Now,it is urged that one
I party to a contract cannot abrogate it without the
I consent of the other. How is a treaty ever to
be terminated? We have had before us at this
session, and probably shall soon have again, the
question of abrogating the Clayton-Bui wer treaty,
as it is termed. If the construction which Great
Britain places upon that treaty is found highly
beneficial to her and injurious to us ; if we, as I
think we may justly, claim that she has violated
the spirit of that treaty, and if she continue to
violate it to our injury, are we to wait for her
consent to declare it abrogated ? Is there no right
on the part of the United States, when a treaty
has been violated in its letter and in us spirit, to
declare it at an end, and to take the consequences ?
It seems to me that any other theoiy binds our
Government perpetually to a contract which, be-
ing violated or disregarded, may be injurious to
alt its interests, and degrading to its honor. Con-
tracts fairly made and faun full y adhered to, should
bind Governments as they bind individuals. Con-
tracts disregarded on one side may, I say, be re-
pealed on the other, or abrogated at us pleasure,
where the parties being sovereign have no con-
i trolling umpire. Hence arose "the right of the
United States to abrogate those treaties; and when
our commissioners met in 1800, they did so with
a pei feet understanding, as their correspondence
and instructions show, that those treaties were
extinct, and that they had no authority to revive
them. Therefore, every proposition made by
France to recognize all claims for indemnity on
the basis of those treaties, was necessarily re
jected; and although the convention of 1800, by
its second article, provided at some convenient
time for considering the question of indemnities
■ and of the renewal of those treaties, that provis
ion was stricken out by the .Senate. The com-
uiussiuneis had neither instructions nor authority
to treat upon the basis of the revival of those
treaties, and they were so odious in the United
States that the Senate would not entertain the
proposition of their revival. Jn striking out the
second article, they substituted for "a conveni-
ent time "a specific period, a term of eight years.
Now, 1 ask, how can it be fairly, intelligently
urged, that by striking out the second article of
the treaty, we abandoned any claim of an Amer-
ican citizen? Did that article provide for the pay-
ment of tiny claim ? 11 d id not. It only pio vided
for the consideration of the question of the indem-
nities and the abrogated treaties at a convenient
time. "What indemnities would have been paid
is merely hypothetical "Whether they referred
merely to private claims, or to national claims
also, is more than doubtful; but wc find by Air
Madison's instructions that while national claims
might be waived in their negotiations, private
claims could not be
The VICE PilKSIDENT. Will the Senator
be good enough to pans'-1 for a moment? The
Chair must call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order, that the Senator may continue his re-
marks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. In the convention of 1800, it will
also be remarked thdt other articles provided for
claims of the United States. It is further to be
remembered that, so far from considering th«* re-
jection of the second article as the abandonment
. of claims not provided for in that convention, in
' the very next year the President, in his message
to Congress, speaks of the opportunity which is
presented by the icturn of peace in Europe as one
i which strengthens "the hope that wrongs com-
mitted on unoffending friends under a pressure of
j circumstances, will now be reviewed witii candor,
and will be considered as founding just claims of
retribution for the past, and new assurances for
the future;" thus opening the very case which, m
the argument that has so often been offered for
these claims, has been said to have been closed by
striking out the second article of the treaty.
: Further, we find these claims constantly pros-
1 ecuted by our ministers* abioad, and ourSeoreUuy
