888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February !
Mr. OLIN. It can be sent here any day.
Mr. LANE. I will modify my amendrxientso
as to add at the end "of the resolution, aprovision
that those volunteers shall be allowed $130 each,
in lieu of transportation, and that they be in-
cluded within the pension and bounty land laws
of the United States.
•Mr. STANTON. Is that amendment in or-
der? This is merely a resolution of the House
Calling for information. The amendment proposes
to amend the bounty land and pension laws, which
could not, under any circumstances, be accom-
plished by a simple resolution of the House.
_ Mr. CURTIS. I think the $130 in commuta-
tion of transportation ought to be allowed.
Mr. STANTON. I do not think the amend-
ment is germane at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
first branch of the amendment is in order, but
that the latter branch is not. j
Mr. LANE. Then I modify my amendment ■
by striking out the latter branch. j
The amendment, as modified, was read, as fol- (
lows: |
And each soldier vyho icmlercd seivice in Oregon or i
Washington, shall be allowtd £130 m lieu of uau&portu- [
tion. I
Mr. CURTIS. That is right. j
Mr. STANTON. I do not think that it is j
right. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that j
that branch of the amendment is in order, inas- ■
much as it is directory and no more—directory >
to the Auditor in making out the accounts. j
Mr. STANTON. I make no question of order ;
with the Chair; but I trust the House will not |
adopt the amendment. j
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope the House will adopt it. '
Mr. LANE. It is a very small sum, and these ;
soldiers deserve it. j
The previous question was not seconded; there ;
being, on a division—ayes 66, noes 79 !
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the morn- ,
ing hour expired ? j
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I wish to |
say a few words on this Oregon and Washington j
debt. *_ |
The SPEAKER. Debate must be confined to ■
the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Then I will 1
defer my remarks. I
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I called for
the previous question because I saw nothing in
the resolutions reported by the Committee on Mil- ;
itary Affairs which required any discussion—
they are plain, and speak for themselves—and be- i
cause I desired an immediate disposition of them
that I might lay before the House other reports .
of importance now in my hands from the Com- 1
xmttee on Military Affairs. There can be no just
ground for the postponement of these resolutions
until the report of Captain Cram is icceived and
printed. The Committee on Military Affairs have
had before them.all the official reports of the Gov-
ernment upon this question that have been pub-
lished within the last two or three years. It is
impossible that Captain Cram can throw any ,
further light on the subject than the correspond-
ence already laid before the committee has thrown
upon it. We found it impossible, utterly out of ■
the question, to sanction and allow the accounts
as they have been reported to us by the commis- '
sioners. We are therefore driven to the necessity !
of adopting one of two modes of procedure— :
either to prescribe the principles upon which the :
accounting officers of the Treasury should settle '
these accounts, and to directpaymentattheTreas- !
ury upon those principles; or to require the Au- i
ditor to make a report to the next Congress upon
the basis of those principles in order that a future
Congress may take such action upon it as may ;
seem to it best. We did so, sir, because, in the .
examination of the report made by the commis- :
sioners who were sent to Oregon and Washing-
ton, we found that they adopted a system of
charges such as we could not recognize and sanc-
tion.
The sole purpose of these resolutions is, there-
fore, to curtail these allowances according to
the principles indicated in that series of resolu-
tions now before you, and leave it to the next
Congress, when it has the report made to it by
the Third Auditor, to act finally on the subject. It
was because this proceeding is simply prelimi-
nary to some future final and definite action, that I
did notinclude among these resolutions one which
passed the committee unanimously, allowing to
the volunteers the benefit of the existing bounty
land and pension laws. If we had been acting final-
ly on the subject; if we had been prescribing a
basis upon which the Auditor was to pay the
clasms, we would have gone more fully into the
subject, and made a provision for bounty lands
and pensions.
The committee determined that it would not
pay a dollar until the Third Auditor should make
his report to the next Congress, on the basis of
the principle there indicated-; and such being the
case, it was unnecessary to e;ive to the subject the
form and perfection of a bill. 1 therefore hope
that the House will not postpone the resolutions.
Neither the Committee on Military Affairs nor the
members of this House will ever be able to act
on the subject, made by the commission sent to
Oregon and Washington; and if the Delegates
from those Territories desire these claims acted
on at all, there is no mode, in my judgment, by
which they can accomplish their purpose except
by a report from the Auditor, sifting the proper
from the improper allowances, and placing the
accounts upon the reasonable and just basis indi-
cated by the resolution of the committee now
before you for adoption.
The gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] has
indicated but one objection to the plan of settle-
ment adopted by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and that is, that we do not allow the volun-
teers higher pay than is allowed to the officers
and soldiers of an equal grade in the United States
Army, it seems to me that we have announced
the only principle which this House ever can
adopt. We applied it but the other day to the
volunteers of Texas; we applied it to-day to the
volunteers of Missouri: it was the standard of
compensation to the volunteers during the Mex-
ican war; and it is the only principle that we can
safely adopt in rcfercnce'to volunteers called out
by the States or Territories without the authority
of the Federal Government. We cannot pay to
a volunteer in*Oregon and Washington two dol-
lars a day, and only thirty-three cents to a vol-
unteer in Missouri. We must have some uniform
standaid of pay m cases of this kind; and that
unifmm standaid can only be reached by placing
all the volunteeis upon the basis of the officers
and troops of the regular Army.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Every soldier
in the regular Army,enlisted in Washington and
Oregon, receives a bounty. Here it is proposed
to pay to the volunteer $130, as a commutation of
the expense of getting to Washington oi%Orc2;on.
1 will ask the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, if he is willing to put
the volunteers in Oregon or Washington on that
looting, to make them equal to the regular service ?
Mr. FAULKNER. Our purpose is to place
them on the footing of the regular troops of the
United States And this might be done by allow-
ing to the volunteers that installment of the boun-
ty that is paid at the end of the first yeai's ser-
vice. It is asking too much to claim, for a few
months' service, a bounty which the law provides
under particular circumstances for a five years'
service.^ This is a new proposition, never before
brought to the notice of the committee, and I do
not feel prepared to act upon it.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman does not appear
to be discussing the question of postponement,
but the merits of the resolution.
^The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
himself to the question of postponement.
Mr. FAULKNER. As 1 am desirous of clos-
ing this debate, I will only further add that 1 hope
the House will not postpone the question. I am
not at this time satisfied of the propriety of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ore-
gon, at least to the extent of his present demand;
and I shall vote against it. I hope the House will
adopt the resolutions reported from the committee,
as I believe their effect will be to facilitate the
settlement of these controverted claims, and to
efiectuate their adjustment upon a fair and proper
basis.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Olin] will withdraw his motion
to postpone, as I am satisfied it is based on a mis-
apprehension. His idea is that this report would
furnish reasons why nothing should be paid.
These resolutions, it will be remarked, do" not
propose to have anything paid; and any inform-
ation that comes between now and the first Mon-
day in December, will come in time to arrest any
unnecessary or improper payment.
Mr. OLIN. I understand that one of the gen-
tlemen of the committee now regards the former
report as a pledge to these claimants that the whole
amount shall be paid, as found by the commis-
sioners; and it would certainly be urged, with
great force and propriety, that whatever amount
may be found due by the Auditor shall be paid
by Congress; that we had left the subject to his
investigation, had transferred it to him, and that
he had found that amount honestly due. Now,
my idea was, that this report of Captain Cram
would furnish information to the House, which,
if believed, would prevent Congress from ever
paying for the services of these volunteers; and,
therefore, I wish to have the report laid before
the House before the consideration of these res-
olutions. Now, the gentleman from Ohio says,
that the examination, when made, will commit
the House to nothing. Very true. But member^
would otdinanly be sati&fied that more investiga-
tion had been^ivon to the subject than they could
give to it in the limited time of the House; and
they would probably act on the suggestion of the
person who examines this report.
Mr. STANTON. The idea which the com-
mittee had was this: they supposed that this re-
port of the commissioners ought to teach us this
lesson, at least; that we should not promise to
pay anything until we know how much it is to
cost. We became satisfied, from an examination
of the report, that the claims were exceedingly
exorbitant. We therefoie deteimincd that we
should not commit the House to the payment of
the accounts as audite'f by the Auditor, until we
should see what they were. We therefore recom-
mend this* resolutions. I hope the House will
refuse to postpone, and will adopt the resolutions.
I ask th" previous question.
Mr. OLIN. On that suggestion I withdraw
my amendment.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered—being first on' Mr.
Lane's amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs what
is the amount of bounty paid to enlisted soldiers?
I think the volunteers should have the same.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 object to debate.
The question was taken; and Mr. Lane's
amendment was rejected. •
The question recurred on the resolutions;and
they were adonted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolutions were
adopted; and also moved to lay to motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled An act (H. R. No. 554) to author-
ize the Attorney General to represent the United
States in the proceedings in equity now pending
m the Supreme- Court, between the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts and the State of Rhode
Island and Providence Plantations;
When the Speaker signed the same.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The lules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
dale in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 711, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1860; the pending question being on Mr.
Blair's amendment, as follows:
And that the same, oi a sufficient portion thereof, be ap-
plied to the purchase or* one bundled copies of Benton's
Abridgment of the Debarey of Congress for the oongios-
biortal library aud the hbraiies ol the llou^eof Kopieoenta-
tives and oi the Senate.
