266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
against Prance only, but also against Spain. If
this be a claim of justice and of honor, then our
fathers were wanting in both. If it be such, I am
willing to meet it, and to pay whatever can be
shown to bedue; but I hold that itis a severe ar-
raingment to say that all the efforts of that long
negotiation neglected what honor and justice de-
manded, that such claims were put in the lowest
class of cases, as it is now a constitutional duty
to assume. Guarded as our negotiations were,
by the constant declaration that we made no
waiver of the obligations of France, that we made
no assumption on the part of the United States,
how can it be that justice requires us to make
that assumption now? I well remember that a
Senator, thirty years a member of this body, serv-
ing with me on one of its committees, told me, in
relation to my opposition to a particular claim,
" it is needless; you may reject it now, but it will
come again and again; and old claims at last al-
ways pass." It remains to be seen whether this
is to be an evidence of the wisdom of that Sena-
tor, or not.
I plead no statute of limitation. If the money
ever was due, I grant it is due now. I plead no
inability of the United States to meet the obliga-
tion. If it be a debt, let us discharge it, if need
be, by direct taxation. I take no advantage of
the present condition of the Treasury. I am
willing to rest the question simply on the inquiry,
whether the Government has incurred the asserted
obligation to its citizens ? At the same time, lam
not willing that importunity or sympathy to-
wards individuals shall blind us to our obligations
to the history of our fathers, to the fair fame of
our Government, to the past, the present, and the
future. The present, sir, is full of hazard frem
such claims, heretofore rejected, but promptly to
be revived upon a precedent like this—claims for
every species of loss which the Government
coulu not prevent—and for which indemnity has
vainly been sought. Shall they all be sent to the
Treasury, there to be remunerated? In the fu:
ture, whatever hazards an individual may choose
to encounter, either in peace or in war, if he shall
thereby acquire a claim against some foreign
Government, and the United States shall perform
its obligation to prosecute that chum, but fail to
get remuneration, on the principle which would
justify this bill, such claim is to be regarded as a
debt due by the United States. If an unkind Prov-
idence were to convertourfertile soil into a plain
of gold, it would not pay the claims which might
arise from such a precedent. We cannot consent
to become the guarantors of the hazards which
merchants may choose to take when theygo upon
the high seas, and engage in foreign trade. They
take the risk because of the large profits; and in-
surance companies fix their rate of interest accord-
ing to the hazard which is to be encountered.
The "legal representatives" spoken of in this
bill, I suppose, are, in very many cases, the in-
surers of the cargoes which were lost.
But why limit it to merchants? Were no others
sufferers by these irregularities or hostilities of
France? It will be remembered that at that time
Europe was engaged in a general war. The Uni-
ted States was the great store-house of provis-
ions. Our prosperity was promoted; our indus-
trial development was extraordinary, under the
profits derived from the demand which was cre-
ated for our agricultural products. It was this
which stimulated the activity of our merchants.
Did not the farmer suffer also by the check which
commeicf received? Did not the mechanic on
shore suffer as the merchant and sailor on sea?
If we begin upon this principle of indemnifying
all losses sustained, where is it ro stop11 Not with
the single individual whose vessel was seized or
whose cargo was taken, but it is to go on rami-
fying until it includes every citizen of the United
States.
There is another view in relation to this bill,
which I deem it proper to present. If this be a
claim demanded by justice and law; and if it be
a case in winch we are to make remuneration for
piivate property taken for public use, whence is
the n^ht to scule the sums found to be due? We
are bound under such circumstances to pay the
full sum aw.mled; we. have no right to reduce it.
If, on the other hand, we are proceeding under a
liberal and equitable view, then some of the best
cases, I expect, will be found to be those having
the most imperfect proof. By the present plan
you array a body of claimants to contest every
case by technicality and special requirements,
and to defeat that which the equity or liberality
of Congress might grant if it were presented in-
dividually. I believe there are exceptional cases;
that there are cases contemplated in the con-
ventions of 1800 and of 1803, where, from the
ignorance or the isolation of the party, the claim
was not presented, or where, from the fact of the
papers having been destroyed by the French
cruisers, when they captured the vessels, it became
impossible to present the adequate proof. In such
cases the parties have some equitable claim upon
the United States; not on account of the aband-
onment of their case; not because their right was
appropriated by our Government to its own use;
but by the manner in which our duties as pay-
master were performed. I believe I have met
one such case; the claim, as described, seemed
to be a good one; but if it be ever so good, it is
excluded by the terms of the present bill. His
case is one which came under the convention of
1800, and was of the most favored classes, being
one of those cases where the captain of a mer-
chantman sailed with perfect papers to a French
port, there lost his cargo, and subsequently his
vessel, by the acts of France. Whether the non-
payment resulted from the claimant's ignorance
of the place and manner in which it should be
presented, or from his inability to procure the
perfect proof, I am not able to say. He laid his
case before me; he was an old man, and remem-
bered well the event; was reduced to poverty by
that spoliation; his life had been spent in toil
upon his farm—and, as I heard it, it seemed to
be a case in which equity clearly justified relief.
If indemnity be proper m any case, we surely
should not exclude such cases as that.
I will only say, in conclusion, having already
occupied more time than I intended, that I do not
hold our Government censurable, in any aspect
of the case; I do not consider it in any manner
responsible. I believe those who then adminis-
tered it discharged all their duty; that they re-
lieved themselves of all responsibility. They re-
ceived no consideration for the surrender of the
claims, as alleged; no remuneration for the vast
amount of treasure and blood which were ex-
pended, as well in war as in negotiation; a nego-
tiation continued through a long series of years,
and pressed with a degree of energy and ability
which will compare favorably with the efforts of
any Government, at any time, in the advocacy of
the rights of its private citizens. The maxim of
a gallant sailor, now no more, was " My coun-
try, always right; but right or wrong, my coun-
try." It would require some modification for the
legislator, and.yet my sentiment, as an American,
very much responds to that maxim; the proof
must be clear that my country was wrong before
I will condemn it; the proof must be positive,
unquestionable, befoie I will admit that the men
who founded this Government, who achieved its
independence, and transmitted to us the blessings
which we enjoy, shrank from the performance of
a duty which justice and honor demanded. I
cannot allow to pass unnoticed the carefully pre-
pared representations which are made by snatch-
ing paragraphs here and there from a voluminous
correspondence, and patching them together to
support this claim. In this way letters written
to a minister at the Court of Spain have been ex-
plored, an extract taken and applied as though it
was language addressed to the American com-
missioners m France, and construed as though it
belonged to a case to which it had no application,
save upon a hypothesis which that Secretary was
answering. Of such, I say, is woven the web
which is now presented; such forms the mesh
thrown around the sympathy, if not the judgment
of the American Congress, to bind it to the rec-
ognition of a pecuniary liability as the result
of obligations which have long since been dis-
charged by having been, in peace and in war, ful-
filled with all the ability which belonged to our
Government.
I know it is an ungracious task to oppose claims
of this character; they are speciously presented as
being connected with our revolutionary struggle;
have so long bisen before Congress as to be envel-
oped in the sanctity of age; and it is apparent have
the sympathy of a majority of this body. Against
personal considerations of comfort and health, 1
have endeavored to perform—however imperfect-
ly—what I consider a duty to the public, a duty
to the tax-payers, above all, a duty to the history
of my country, that its fair fame may, untarnished,
descend to future generations. Much of the opin-
ion which I entertain results from examinations
made years ago. It was not deemed necessary or
advisable on this occasion to present a tithe of the
authority on which that opinion rests. The sub-
ject has been worn almost threadbare; Senators
must be weary of it; and I have endeavored to
fulfill my promise that, in requital for this cour-
tesy, I would abridge my remarks as much as
possible.
Mr. CRITTENDEN followed in reply; and
having concluded,
Mr. DAVIS resumed, and said: Mr. Presi-
dent, I am happy, indeed, that the difference be-
tween my friend from Kentucky and myself, as
to what public morality demands should be done
in this case, is rather a difference of fact than of
the conclusion which we would reach from the
same state of facts. My estimation of him is so
high, that I should be pained to arrive at an op-
posite conclusion as to what virtue and manliness
demanded, if we had first agreed upon the state
of facts; and, therefore, I do not rise to reply to
his argument, for facts do not admit of an argu-
ment, but simply to show the authority on which
I rest the position I have taken; and I think,
thereby, to prove that his position is untenable.
His main point is, that we have renounced
these claims for a valuable consideration, and that
the means by which we did renounce them, was
the rejection of the second article of the conven-
tion of 1800. What did that article propose to do ?
Did it, as he says, propose to admit the claims
of American citizens for indemnity ? Would it,
as he says, if it had remained in the convention,
have secured to them the payment of the money
by France? Let history answer; and if history
be silent, let the second article itself speak. Not
a word is here said about the admission of claims;
not a word about their payment. It-is simply
this :
" The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the two p*rtie«, not
being able to agree at present i expecting the treaty of «iUi-
anee of 6tli February, 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
moice of the same date, and the convention of 14th of No-
vember, 1788, nor upon the indemnities mutually due or
claimed"—
They do what?
—"the parties will negotiate further on these subjects at a
convenient time; and until they may have ayreed upon
these points, the said treaties and convention shall have no
opeiation, and the relations of the two countries bhall be
regulated, as follows."
What did this give to the creditor? Nothing
but the poor promise that his claim should be
considered at a convenient season—that doubtful
period both in temporal and spiritual affairs. On
the other hand, what did it assert against the Uni-
ted States? A right at some future day to dis-
cuss with us the revival of treaties which had
been swept out of existence. But it is said that
the amendment of the Senate by which this ar-
ticle was stricken from the convention of 1800,
constitutes the renunciation of the claims of Amer-
ican citizens. Let us see how that is. The Sen-
ate ratified this convention, two thirds concur-
ring: . ~
" Provided, The second article be expunged, and the fol-
lowing article added or substituted : < it ib agreed that the
present convention shall be in force for the term of eight
years from the exchange of the ratifications.'"
How did this affect the claimants ? Instead of
their case being considered at a convenient season,
it was required to beconsidered withineightyears,
or this convention of amity and commerce was
to terminate. It was a means of compelling France
to a consideration of their pretensions and claims,
whatever they might be; not a renunciation of
them. Then, again, as to the ratification of this
treaty by the First Consul. He agreed to it, with
this amendment:
" Proiided, That by this retrenchment the two State? re-
nounce their rej-pecuve pretentions which are the object
of the said article."
Then the President sent this special ratification
