1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
Mr. BONHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " one hundred "
and inserting the word e{ six," and by adding the
words " four additional copies of the works of
Calhoun." I learn from the librarian of Con-
gress that there is not a copy of Benton's abridg-
ment in the library, and that there are but two
copies of Calhoun's works there. I do not mean
to be considered here as indorsing or disapproving
of Benton's abridgment. I am not sufficiently
familiar with it to determine whether it deserves
creditor the censure which some gentlemen here
have heaped upon it. But beyond that I submit
there is no necessity for purchasing more than six
copies. The librarian informs me that there are
two copies of Calhoun's works. The additional
number of four may be useful to members of Con-
gress. The work of Mr. Benton may be useful
as an index to the Debates of Congress. I may
vote against the whole proposition; but if the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Missouri is to
be adopted, I hope it will be with this amendment
inserted.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to—only forty members voting 111 the
affirmative.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Blair.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Pennsylvania, and Kelsey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-seven; a further count not
being demanded.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out from line four hundred and seventy-two
to four hundred and seventy-six, inclusive, as
follows:
" For compensation of clerks in the officer of surveyors
general, to be apportioned to litem according to the exigen-
cies of the public sei vice., and to be employed in n-m-vci th-
ing field note^ of purveys lor the purpose ol preserving them
at the seat of Government, $3f>j0u0."
A previous clause of this bill- provides for the
salaries of the several surveyors general and their
clerks and the ordinary expenses of their offices.
Then, sir, here is a general sweeping clause pro-
viding for the compensation of clerks in the
offices of these same surveyors general, with an
appropriation of $30,000. 1 cannot conceive what
contingency can happen to make it necessary to
expend this money in th^se offices. It strikes
me that it provides a very convenient mode of
pensioning broken-down politicians who will be
useful in particular localities in elections;* and un-
less the gentleman from Missouri can give some
reason why there' should be, ourside of the reg-
ular appropriations for the surveyors generals *
offices, this large amountappropropriated, I hope
the committee will stiike out the clause.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
had not risen at the moment ht: did, I should have
moved to reduce this appropriation, so as to make
it comparatively small. The object of this ap-
propriation is ihis: it is proposed to discontinue
several of the surveyors generals5 officcs, and these
extra clerks are required to makeup the records of
such offices, in order to transfer them to the States
in which they are located. These clerks are 10 be
only temporarily employed. There is also another
class of expenses which are covered by this ap-
propriation. The deputy surveyors in some of
the land districts have completed their survey* in
the field, and it becomes necessary for the plats
and field-nores to be examined in the offices of
the surveyors general, m order sooner to enable
the Department to bring the lands into market. It
is believed that temporary cleiks can be advan-
tageously employed m several instances, which
may occur. They will in no instances be em-
ployed, except with the concurrence of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
I remarked that I was in favor of a reduction
of this appropriation. The estimate submitted
was for $41,000. We reduced the amount to
$36,000, and upon further information in respect
to the surveys of the public lands, we have de-
termined that it may be still further reduced. I
should, therefore, upon my own motion, have
moved to reduce the appropriation to *>*25,000, be-
lieving that that amount will be suthecmt to meet
the wants of the surveyorgcntral's office. Sevetal
of the surveyor generals' offices have been dis-
continued, and it is proposed to discontinue oth-
ers. The iield notes must be transcribed, and the
sooner this shall be done, the sooner may other
offices be discontinued. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation to §25,000.
Mr, STANTON. I have a right to speak
against the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri. I do not propose to spend any time
upon it. This belongs exclusively to that class
of appropriations which depend upon the discre-
tion of the heads of buieaus. The head of a
Department may spend it or not, at his election.
Mr. MORGAN. At the election ? [Laughter.]
_ Mr. STANTON". ft depends upon the neces-
sity of the service, whether the service of the
party or the public is for him to determine. I am
against all these contingent and discretionary ap-
propriations that may be dispensed with, if the
records cannot be got up quite so fast, then let
them go over for a little while.
The amendment of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri,
was agreed to; and the question then recurred on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Buffinton
and Bryan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 84, noes 45.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I see here an appropriation for
two Washington newspapers for the office of the
chief engineer of the War Department. It seems
to me that that ought to be stricken out of the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The reason for
it is this: those papers contain the advertisements
inviting contracts, and also the laws, before they
are published by the public printer. The object
of specifying two was to restrict the officers, so
that they should not purchase more than two.
Mr. SEWAIID. t move to insert the follow-
ing, after line five hundred and seventy-eight:
For the purpose of carrying on and prosecuting the works
and unprovi*ni<vnt*i ort J3iythe I.^latid, on tho coa*t or Geor-
gia, cnnii'iupiatfd by the actof 28th January, 1857, $100,000
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest to my
friend from Georgia, that this bill does not make
any appropriations for navy-yards. He there-
fore had better defer his amendment until the
Navy appropriation bill comes up.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
j ment out of order to this bill,
i Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the amendment,
; intending to uffer it to the Navy appropriation
j bill. But 1 do not agree with the Chair that it is
S not in order.
J The Clerk read the following clause, under the
i head of "Mint of the United States at Philadel-
| phia:"
j '• For wjtcps of workmen and adjusters, $74.800.,J
I Mr. GROW. I move to strike that appropri-
j ation out, and m heu thereof to insert $30,000.
! Mr. Chairman, I am unable to find by any of
j the estimates or reports of the Departments the
t items necessary to make up that sum of $74,800.
I To lamp the appropriations m that way leaves it
j to the discretion of the disbursing officer to ex-
i pend this money, whether these men be necessary
j or not. We have no means, at present, of ascer-
i taming how this amount is required. These men
may not be demanded for the public service, but
j may be employed for other services. I propose
| to reduce the amount, unless I am satisfactorily
I informed that it is absolutely necessary.
i There are other appropriations following this
i of the same character, and I bhall move to strike
I them out when they are reached. According to
[ this appropriation £239 74 is required each day
I for laborers for tins Mint. I am unable to see
i how the Mint of the United States f\\n have use
' for laborers each day to the extent of y2K) a day.
! That would employ more than one hundred nvm.
j For what purpose can one hundred men be needed
i there? i think that it is a good phraseology to
; cover up jobs, and therefore I want the amount
' reduced.
| The amendment was agreed to.
1 The Clerk read, under ihc head of " San Fran-
cisco, California," the following:
S'\m oi workmi a and atJju^teiv,
J Mr. GROW. Kor tin- reasons I hare already
given sn tho c of {lie Philadelphia Mmt, 1 move
i to reduce that amount to §65,493. The appro-
priation as it stands would allow |537 a day for
laborers, t am unable to see what necessity there
is for so many laborers about that mint. I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The airfotint of
money paid depends entirely on the amount of
bullion presented at that mint to be coined, and
the coin sent to be recoined. This amount is be-
lieved to be necessary. The estimate is made
upon the expenses of the preceding year. It was
ascertained that there was a certain amount of
coinage for the fast year, and it being believed
there will be the same amount of coinage for the
next year, the same appropriation has been pro-
posed.
Mr. GROW. Has not the coinage for this year
been less than for the last year; and yet the ap-
propriation is the same?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit to the
committee, whether, in view of the recent gold
discoveries on Pike's Peak and Cherry creek
and on the Gila and in the Territory of New
Mexico, they can expect the coinage to be less
next year than it was last year at the several
mints'
Mr. GROW. Well, that gold will not all go
to San Francisco.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend by striking out
" $45,000," in line six hundred and fifty-three,
and inserting: if heu thereof "$20,000," so that
the clause will read:
For wages of workmen, (at the New York assay office,)
$-20,000.
I believe that this sum will cover all the labor
that is necessary. 3 find by the act establishing
the assay office, that the monies paid by depos-
itors are to be applied to the contingent expenses
of the office, it was understood at the time the
act was passed that this would cover the con-
tingent expenses. I see by the estimates that over
sixty thousand dollars have been used of the
funds derived in this manner; and yet here is an
additional item of $45,000 for labor, which gives
a daily expenditure of $144 20. I am informed
that the actual cost of the assay office should be
$20,501; and I therefore propose to reduce this
appropriation to $20,000,
Mr. MORGAN. I oppose this amendment for
one reason only. 1 have no doubt that it is right;
I am not really opposed to it. But i know that,
no matter what amendments are rccommcndt d by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or adopted by the House, the Senate will
restore the items, and then we will have a com-
mittee of conference, and the bill will come back
loaded with additional items of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars; and we will have no opportun-
ity of voting on any one item. Every particle of
it will be swallowed down without a why or a
wherefore, and without any discussion whatever.
I give notice, therefore, that I will oppose, and I
hope others will oppose, all propositions for
committees of conference.
The question was taken; and Mr. Grow's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend by striking out
u $31,000," in line six hundred and fifty-eight,
and inserting in lieu thereof " $15,000," so as to
make the clause read:
"For wages of workmen (at the New Oile.ms mint,)
.$15,000."
1 find that the daily expenditure at this mint
is $109 in addition to the incidental expenses of
the office.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers, I think
that the committee is very unprofiiably occupied
in striking at workingmen.
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. I desire the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means one moment. I see by the es-
timates that the appropriation for the year t-ndm^
June 30, 1860, is §34,000, and that the amount
for last year was only $32,000. ^ would like an
explanation of the increase.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There was an un-
expended balance on hand last year.
Tellers wtie ordered; and Messrs. Elliott
and Chaffee were appointed.
The committee divided; and ihe tellers reported
—ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agree'd to.
