1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
35th Cong....2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
of the First Consul to the Senate, with a mes-
sage:
December 11, 1801.
Gentlemen op the Senate: Eailyin the last month,
I received the ratification, by the First Consul of Fiance,
of the convention between the United Slates and that na-
tion. Its ratification not being pure and simple, in the or-
dinary form, I have thought it my duty, in order to avoid
all misconception, to ask a second advice and consent of
the Senate before I give it the last sanction,byproclaiming
it to be a law of the land.
THOMAS JEFFERSON.
This is the message of Mr. Jefferson. Was
Mr. Jefferson willing to renounce the pretensions
of American citizens—this sacred right so elo-
quently advocated this morning? Surely that
will not be alleged. The very argument of the
Senator precludes him from alleging it. Then
how did the Senate treat it? Not as a renuncia-
tion of pretensions which had been set up by our
Government for private right; not as a modifica-
tion of the treaty which required it to be consid-
ered and ratified; and surely it would have done
so if it was to violate private .rights and involve
the Government in heavy obligations; but they
returned it to the President, with this resolution:
" Resolved, That the Senate (two thirds of the members
present concurring theiein) considei the convention be-
tween liie United States and the Fiencii Republic as fully
ratified "
That is, this proviso of the First Consul re-
quired no action on the part of our Government.
Then follows the whole history of the transaction,
showing that, from time to time, at every consec-
utive step, we were urging these claims to a set-
tlement upon France, and that they were the sub-
ject of future negotiations.
Mr. FESSEINDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask him j
what evidence he has that these specific claims
for spoliations were ever urged by our Govern-
ment on France after that period ?
Mr. DAVIS. I speak of claims for spoliations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, what evidence has
the Senator that the claims for spoliations prior
to 1800, were urged upon France after that pe-
riod?
Mr. DAVIS. The evidence is to be found in
the instructions of the commissioners who nego-
tiated the convention of 1803, in the record of
their intercourse with the ministers of France,
urging it from point to point, and from time to
'line; their efforts being obstructed by the old
treaties beingthen constantly presented, as before.
You will find it in the journals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not be drawn from my
argument by the question of the Senator just now.
I will attend to him when his time comes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not design to draw
the Senator from his line of argument. I merely
asked for information.
Mr. DAVIS. I follow my own line of argu-
ment, which I prefer to that suggested to me. In
1803, when we acquired Louisiana, we had also
a convention referring specifically to the claims
of citizens of the United States against the French
Government, appended to the convention for the
acquisition of the territory. In that, so far from
its being understood at that time that we had re-
nounced these claims, you find in the preamble
this declaiation:
" Being desirous, in compliance with the second and fifth
sections ot rlie convention of the*8th Vendemiaire, ninth
\eai of the Fiench Republic, (30th September, 1800,) to se-
cure the payment ot the sum due by France to the citizens
of the United States."
There, instead of its being regarded that we
had abandoned all the claims considered in the
second article of the convention of 1800, itis spe-
cifically announced as one of the things which
they were desirous to adjust. Perhaps the Sen-
ator will tlunk that was paying no attention to '
them.
Mr. FESSENDEN". If the Senator will look |
to the treaty, he will see how it was disposed of. j
Mr. DAVIS. This is it: j
f* Art. 4. It is expressly agreed, that the preceding arti- j
ctes thai! comprehend no debts hut such as are due to citi- !
zeiH of the United States, who have been, and are yet, ;
cieditors of FVuicp. for supplier. for embargoes.and prizes ^
made at wen, in which the appeal has he<jn properly lodged ;
within the time mentionedm the said convention, 8th Ven- f
demraiie, ninth year, (30th September, 1800.)
" Art. 5. The preceding articles shall apply only, first, to
captures of which the council of prizes thai! have ordered
restitution, it being well underwood that the claimant can-
not have rccouise to the United States otherwise than he
might have had to the Governmentof the French Republic,
and only in case of insufficiency of the captors ; second, the
debts mentioned in the said fifth article of the convention
contiacted beiore the 8th Vendemiaire, an. 9, (30th Sep-
tember, 1800,) the payment ot which has been heretofore
claimed of the actual Government of France, and for which
the creditors have a right to the protection of the United
States; the said fifth article does not comprehend prizes
whose condemnation has been or shall be confirmed ; it is
the expiess intention of the contracting parties not to ex
tend the benefit of the present convention to reclamations
of American citizens who shaJl have established houses of
commerce in Fiance, England, or other countues than the
United States, m partnership with I'oieigners, and who, hy
that reason, and thenatme of their commerce, ought to be
regarded as domiciliated in the places where such houses
exist."
This article shows that the class of cases not
provided for were those where the parties had
connected themselves with foreign merchants.
Then it goes on:
* "All agreements and bargaining concerning merchandise,
which shajl not be the property of American citizens, are
equally exempted from the benefit of the said convention,
saving, however, to such persons their claims m like man-
lier as if this treaty had not been made."
Again:
"The rejection of any claim shall have no other effect
than to exempt the United States from the payment of it,
the French Government reserving to itself the'nght to de-
cide definitely on such claim so far as it concerns itseif."
Again:
"Art. 12. In case of claims for debts contracted by the
Government of France with citizens of the United States
since the 8th Vendemiaire, ninth year, (30th September,
lyuO,) not being comprised in tins convention, may be pur-
sued, and the payments demanded in the same manner as
if it had not been made."
Will the Senator say this is a renunciation of
American claims? Will he say this is an aban-
donment of them, or that this was an assumption
of them? Will either one or the other be said ?
Again, my friend from Kentucky, who urges this
case with his usual zeal and eloquence, pleads the
entire insufficiency of the amount reserved in the
convention of 1803. Mr. Livingston, on July 30,
1803, writing to the Secretary of State, Mr Mad-
ison, says:
"'Mr. Skipwith still thinks that the American debt will
fall much within the twenty million foi which we have en-
gaged, and all the fair creditors be fully satisfied : the sup-
posed debt being extremely exaggerated in America. Other
nations, creditois of Fiance, have, at piesent, no prospect
of being paid."
They regarded it then as an adequate provision.
And again, Mr. Madison, writing to Mr. Living-
ston as late as January 31, 1804, says:
" Should France, however, be unlikely to admit her re-
sponsibility for tile pretermitted claims, and theie be dangei
that, by urging her responsibility at t!n< time, an equitable
modification of any sort may be rendered more difficult, it
will be best to pa—.over the question for the present, taking
care that no waiver be made which may either still fuither
weaken the claims against Fiance, or give color for turning
them over against the United States." ■**•**
" Neiihei of the succeeding alternatives will increase the
balance payable by France, nor is it contemplated that in
these, or any other modifications whatever, the Treasury of
the United States is to be made chargeable with more than
$3,750,000; or rather with more than so much of that sum
as would satisfy the debts to which it is subjected by the
last convention."
This is the only place where I find him refer to
the fifth article. But it is found that in the con-
vention of 1803, both in its preamble and fifth ar-
ticle, it does not enlarge the class of cases to be
considered under it, and a new class of claimants
did come up not provided form the convention of
1800. Such appears to be the fact.
Then, again, in the instructions which were
given in opening this correspondence, the first
point in the instiuctions was:
" At the opening of the negotiation, you will inform the
French Ministers that the United States expect from France,
as an indispensable condition of the tieaty, a stipulation to
make the citizens ol the United States full compensation for
all losses and damages which they shall have sustained, by
reason of irregular and illegal captures or condemnation of
then vessels and other property, under color of authority or
commissions from the French Republic or its agents."
That was the position of our Government.
That they did nof get all which was believed to be
just; that they did not get all which our Govern-
ment, at that time, contended for, is true; if, as I
believe, it was a violation of the law of nations,
as well as of the treaties with France, to seize an
enemy's property when on board a neutral ves-
sel, they failed to procure the recognition of all
which was due. They got, however, as much by
as diligent and energetic application they could
obtain. This is my answer to all allegations
made that we have surrendered something which
France was willing to give.
The Senator from Kentucky, however, says
that history tells nothing of the war of which I
spoke*, that it is a thing unknown heretofore. "As
I am not willing yet to be classed among those
who make war on private account, it becomes
necessary to refer to some evidence that it has
been heard of before I made my remarks this
morning. In the journal of the negotiators, it ap-
pears that, on the 12th day of September, 1800,
the president of the French commission used the
following language:
" If the Governmentshould think properto instruct them
to make a treaty on the basis of indemnities and a modified
renewal of the old treaties, he would resign sooner than
sign such a treaty; adding'that, if the question could be
determined by an mdifterent nation, he was satisfied such
atnbural would say that the present state of things was
war on the side of America, and that no indemnities could
be claimed."
Then our commissioners, giving as a reason
why they did not stili further press these preten-
sions, say:
" The American ministers being now convinced that the
door was perfectly closed against all hope of obtaining in-
demnities"—
Not that they had abandoned the claims of
American citizens when the French Government
was willing to pay them, and wanted an oppor-
tunity to do justice; but they say:
"Convinced that the door was perfectly closed against
all hope of obtaining indemnities, or any modification of
the treaties"—
That is, unless they would give the renewal of
the extinct treaties as the price:
—" it only remained to be determined whether, under a!J
circumstances, it would not be expedient to attempt a tem-
porary anangement which would extricate the United
Status fiom ilie war, or that peculiar state of hostility in
which they aie at present involved, save the immense
property of our citizens now depending before the council
ol prizes, and secure, as tar as possible, our commerce
against the abuses of captutcs during the present war."
These were justifiable reasons. They were not
required to urge the claims of private citizens to
a point that would involve their own Government
ina perpetual war. Neither does our Government
become responsible; because it may not choose
to wage, or to continue a war already commenced
with any foreign country.
It is needless to argue this question; but I have
some further authority, being a statement of the
facts of the case made before the Senate on a
former occasion, by a Senator now deceased,Mr.
Benton; a decision of the Supreme Court, deliv-
ered by Judge Washington, and another by Judge
Chase. With the permission of the Senate, I will
ask my friend from Alabama to read these ex-
tracts.
Mr. Clay read the following extract from Mr.
Benton's speech of August 10, 1846:
"The injuries to our commerce,for the satisfaction of
which this bill provides, commenced with the year 1793,
with the commencement of the war between Great Britain
and Fiance, and continued till the treaty with the First
Consul, signed on the 30th of September, m the year 1800.
Seven years were the period of these depredations; and
seven vears of more extraordinary exertions for the protec-
tion of its citizens were never made in any country. All
the means of piotection were resorted to ; embassies, mili-
tary and naval preparation*, taxes, loans, letters of marque
and reprisal, convoy to merchant ships, exclusion of French
vessels from our ports, a non-intercouise with France, the
condemnation of hervessels, retaliation upon her citizens,
&c. And, in the month of July, 1798, Congress cut the last
cord of inendly intercourse with France by passing a sol-
emn act abiogating all our treaties with her, and placed the
two countries m a state of actual hostilities The famous
combat of Capfoin Truxton, in the United States frigate
Constellation, with the French frigate L'lnsiirgente, was
one of the fruits of that war; and, although the most sig-
nal, was, by no means, the only instance of fierce and
bloody collision between the French and Americans of that
day. Besides the extraordinary embassies, the military and
naval preparations, the loans and taxes were immense and
almost incredible lor a young nation of live millions of peo-
ple.
" Between the year 1793 and the complete restoration of
friendship with France, m the spring ol 1801, the appropri-
ations for the Army were above twentv million dollars;
those for the Navy exceeding fifteen millions; the author-
ized loans were above twenty-five million dollars ; duties
on imports were increased ; direct taxes were laid; tho
stamp act and excise made their appearance among us. The
stamte-book.from 1793 to Match 4, 1801, is thickly spnnkled
ovei Willi acts for these taxes, loans, and appropriations;
noi did they remain dead letters upon the book. The taxes
were coiiccted, ships-of-war were built, the regular Army
