238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Expenditures and the Tariff—Mr. Curry.
Ho. of Reps.
wa< augmented, a provisional army of ton thou^nnd men
\v<(i i'n-ed, vv.nhiijgton \v;u- called from hi^ letreat to take
tne comnnmd, shi'>- of wai c>tnvo\vd the merchantmen.
At homo, rii<; tax gatherer entered every hoine, the exciie-
hk1.m  ;i,i .iuruaij. t!jc stamp rn t-tei letaih-d his little bus of
pnp-t. tincofif.'iet between man and man wa^ood for more
tiitm twetm dollars:, unless on taxed paper. Such were the
hardens which our tatlicts bore lor seven long years to pio-
tecf titex- claimant*, or procure redress for them; expenses
and efforts almost incredible in a young nation of five mil-
lion people, and which, to be equaled by our present popu-
lation In any similar emergency, would require every item
of expense or exertion to be multiplied by four. After all,
with all the duties* on imports increased, and with all the
resources of excise, direct taxes, and stamp act, the expenses
of these exhaordmaiy exertions vveie not met. a large debt
was cleared, much of it hearing? eight per con t. interest, and
the burden of which, both principal and interest, fell on
posterity."
The case of Bas vs. Tingy (4 Dallas, page 35)
came up before the Supreme Court upon a ques-
tion of prize, in which a claim for salvage was
prosecuted; a claim which turned upon the ques-
tion whether a vessel taken from the French was
a vessel taken from the4 'enemyand that brought
up the whole subject as to the nature of the hos-
tilities we were then waging with France on ac-
count of these claims. Upon that subject the
judges were unanimous. They all decided that
it was war; that it was public war, coming under
the denomination of what is called an imperfect
war.
Judge Washington says:
" The decision of this question must depend upon another,
which i. , whether at the time of passing the act of Con-
gre*u on the 2d of March, 1*599, there subsisted a state of
war between the two nations ? It mav, j believe, be safely
laid down, that eveiy contention by force between two na-
tion;- in external matter, under ilio nnthoim of their ic-
'spoctive Governments i- not only wai, but public war. If
it be declared in form, it if- called solemn, and '-sof the per-
fect kind, because one whole nation i- at w.ir with .mother
whole nation ; and ali the membeis of the nation decianng
wai are authorized to commit hostilities against all the
memb'-i- oi the other, in even pi,tee and under eveiy eir*
eu!n tnnee. In >uch a war all the member's act under a
peneial authority, and all the right* and consequences ot
war attach to iheir condition:
"Hut hotftihtie.i may snhn.-t between two nations more
confined in it* nature and extent, hems hunted ;is to placet?,
per-ons. and thm<:s ; and this i- moie pioperlv turned im-
pel feet war, hecau-.c not solemn, and beeauce tho^c who
arenutiioiized to commit ho-tihtic-3 art under spec.al au-
thority, and can p:o no funhei than to the extent of their
ooniiuisvion. Still, however. ii is public wai, because iti^ ;|
an <-vi< i nal eon ten mm In Mice between some of the mem- j i
beis. iti'.auai between the two u.itiou*,. though all the |l
membei- aie not anihonzed to commit liostililie--, tsin*li a«. ■;
.ii a solemn war, wiieie the CJovvtntncnt re>ttains the gen- :l
era! power." i|
Again, Judge Washington says: |!
•' In fact and in law, we aie at wai ; an Amctican vessel ;l
fl«?hti'ijr with a Fie:i/li l to milxlue nmi make Inn ;j
pn/,e. is fightma with an eneim. neciii:uH\ and technically |;
speakma ; and n tin- b • not suihcient evidence of the legiv- 11
lauve mind, it h explained in the s.nne law."' ; j
Let us read what Judge Chnse says: j[
(* What, then, ii the nntmi: of the cont«*>t mtbsi-aing be- '!
tvveeu Anieiica and France ? In my judgment, it i< a lim-
ited, patnal wai. ('ons-re^s has not deehueil wai m geneial
teiui-, ihii comuh-'.s has authorized ho<nlmes on the high
sea-., hj certain pi'mxis, m ceit.un ea^es-. There is no
anthoiifv' given to commit hostilities on land, to captuie
unarmed Ftench not even to e.ipiuie jpn-neh aumd
v- m-hiiij in a 1'ieneli pint; and the .ituhomy i- not
giv< n indisciumiiafely to eveiy citizen of Anieiic.t aumnsi
every ettr/en o! Fiance, but only to citizens appoi .t"d by
comun^sioiis, ot exposed to immediate outiage and vio-
h i:>So mru i , unqu<'-!!onal)l\, a pamal war; but,
i'« \etjheless, it i, a public wai, on account uf the public
auti}<m;u Itom which it emanated,
' Thru;aie !ou: acts, authorized by our Government,
flat aie li.'inniistia'ive oi a .state oi wai. a bolhiiei ent
i'ou ei jm-, a t'l'hr. !>\ liie lawot nations, to seaich a neutial
ve--(i, and iip.1.1 -i:-picion ot a \iolation of iiei neutial
oi'l"j.'t:oi<>. .-cni carry m-r into poit tor further e.\-
ainmahon. ihit. In i• ar| ot columns, <m Amencan vo<
s-e| is .lutuoiizt d ! ti- ie.sl-r the .search oi a Ftench pub-
le ve-s<:l. -j. 'x'u c.ipruieauj ves-el that should attempt,
by i.eee. rocomo d-uboiismoti to a search. 3 Toiccaptme
ai:\ Amencan ve^sfi v/a>.\ by a f;en"h vessel. And, 4.
To captuie any Fiench aimed ve-^el wheiever found on
tii«- liigii on- this siir-p.-n-ion oi the law of nations, this
ncrht <>t captuie and iceapluio. c in onl) he autiionzed by
«oi <ief ot the Uovernm"!it, which i<>m lhelt, an act ot hos-
ni.i\
Tho.se are some of tho authorities whtrh I pre-
sent to the Sen<V'- as answering the position taken
hy iiie^->ei)at'!r ho-ii Kei!tuel:y. I do not doubt
th.it, if { vir wed the fac^s as he docs, 1 would
r<\'v!) ins conclusion; or, if he viewed the facts e«
[ '1 >, iLif be would reach my conclusion, i ad-
mit the fo>-c> of ius lemarksm relation to the ob-
!i on or tee G(>vernment to protect its ntjzens;
a. d i would nifdsure that obligation neither by
;i.ir; uor by mo.,ey. I plead no statute of limi-
tation., no incapacity to pay.
Nor can I agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky that it has been the poverty of our coun-
try, as he expressed it, that has kept us from pay-
ing this debt. There has been a time when our
Treasury was goiged to such an extent as to re-
quire depletion by an act of distribution. When
the last veto message was sent to Congress, the
Treasury was full;-the country was prosperous;
there was no reason to dread the inability to bear
this one payment; and if that was to have been
the end of it, it might have been cheaply pur-
chased by saving the time it has occupied. But
this constitutes a precedent; it establishes a pledge
that the Government, whenever it attempts to ad-
vocate the claims of one of its citizens, and to
vindicate their rights against a foreign country,
that it shall in doing so succeed, must wage an in-
terminable war, or pay the citizen the amount of
his claim. It is m this view of the case that I
consider it of such great public importance.* It
is this which has urged me so earnestly to oppose
the bill. 
EXPENDITURES AND THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF JABEZ L, M. CURRY,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CURRY said:
Mr. Chairman: The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his annual report, states the total expend-
itures of this Government, inclusive of the public
debt, during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1858,
to have been $8I,5S5,6G7 76—a larger amount j
than has ever been expended, in one"year, since
the organization of this Confederacy. The ex-
penditures for the present year will not fall below
the sum just stated. The receipts from the or-
dinary sources of income do not meet our ex-
penses. T wo questions of no ordinary import are
thus presented. Shall wo increase our taxes—that
is the word, fans—to obtain revenue adequate to j
the piesent standard of expenditures, or shall we I
diminish those expendttutes ? On the joint solu- i
tion of these questions h^ng issues of momentous I
consequence, afFe'ii mg the prosperity and political j
standing, t! not the liberties, of this people. We
must equalize out revenue and expenditures, or
saddle upon the countrya debt, for the discharge
of which the productive energies and capacity of
this country will be taxed to its utmost limit.
Throw over it whatever disguise you may, the
question is between retrenchment and economy
on the one hand, and onerous taxes on the other.
How can an American statesman and patriot hes-
itate in making an election ?
As preliminary and necessary to the settlement
of these questions, it behooves us diligently to
inquire whether our disbursements cannot be cur-
tailed, and, in the language of the President, " to
institute, a rigui scrutiny to ascertain whether the
expenses in all the Departments cannot be still
further reduced." lam aware that, with some
people, the right place to commence a reform can
never be found. Some appropriations, however
indefensible, are too insignificant to be stopped;
as if the smallness of the amount would convert
a wrotig into right. To cut off some of our use-
less foreign missions excites the holy horror of
those who have been attached as tails' to our em-
bassies; to retrench in our Army and Navy is to
cripple the administration of the Government; to
make the Post Office, as it ought to be, self-sus-
taining, is to interfere with the extension of our
commerce, the spread of our population, the se-
curity of the country, and the development of its
various agricultural, commercial, and mineral re-
sources. Theoretic Democrats ridicule, as dys-
peptics, those who seek to arrest the tide ot ex-
travagance; newspapers, ambitious of organdom,
oracularly characterize as a " mama" the dispo-
sition to retrench and economize, and to bring
back the Government even to what it was two
yt ars ago: and the Constitution has almost as
little influence over our legislation as the Koran
or the Pandects.
The surest meatfs of ascertaining whether our
expenditures can be reduced, without deti lment to
the public service, will be to compute ihem with
former periods, when our country was lutle less
in territorial extent, and when the legitimate
claims upon the public Treasury were about as
large as at the present time. In 1848, our total
expenditures, exclusive of the public debt, were,
in round numbers, $45,000,000, and in 1858,
nearly |72,000,000. The table which I have pre-
pared shows the increase in several items during
the decade from 1848 to 1858:
1848.
13,654 81
1858.
$1,062,631 61
Judiciary 
Suppoit and maintenance of
light-house*  410 077 80 1,162,857 51
Marine hospitals  140.9!)5 50 376.808'96
Building hospitals  23.376 07 3331323 16
Building custom-houses.... 92,1 fO 43 2,021.193 74
War Department   J4.55S,473 26 25,485.383 60
Navy Department  9,786.705 92 13,976.000 59
Deficiency from postage... 22,221 96 5,504.495 00
And for this year.      9,104,935 10
After the elaborate speeches of the Senators
from Georgia and Virginia, [Messrs. Toombs and
Hunter,] and the able speech of my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Garnett] in this House, it would
be an unnecessary waste of time in detaining the
committee with a recital of the items in which
reductions can be made.
All of our Democratic statesmen have urged
upon the country the necessity of rigid economy,
and the pernicious consequences of lavish and
wasteful outlays of the public money. Jackson,
Woodbury, Polk, and Pierce, have insisted on a
frugal administration as a fundamental tenet of
Democratic faith. Mr. Calhoun, in 183G, said:
To make our country powerful, we ou«jht to avoid any
inea«ure opposed to its development, and to make the
smallest possible dratt on its productive poweis."
Mr. Buchanan, in the same year, said the ex-
penditures authorized at that session (and for the
whole year they were but $30,868,164 04) ought
notto be considered as a standard for future years.
As late as 1852, he denounced $50,000,000 per
annum as an "enormous sum," and invoked the
strong arm of the Democracy to interpose and
arrest the increasing expenditure, lest it might,
i in the course of a few years, reach $100,000,000.
j Our wisest statesmen have deprecated these large
| outlays, as unduly enlarging the patronage of the
j Government, corrupting public morals, debasing
| public sentiment, sapping the foundations of
j virtue, destroying the independence of the citi-
I zen, centralizing power, and " disturbing the
| nicely-adjusted balance between our State and
Fedeial Governments."
A proper reduction will supersede the necessity
of increased taxation. It is incumbent on those
who urge a revision and increase of the tariff, not
simply to assert, but to prove, that the expendi-
tures cannot be so curtailed as to come within the
estimated means. It is no just argument to al-
! lege that we need an increased revenue to meet
j the disbursements. The logical necessity is but
: half met. The onus probandiis but half removed.
The expenditures, after severe economy and fru-
gality, must be shown to he necessary to meet
the proper wants of the Government. When
that is done, and the means are insufficient,*! will
cheerfully vote to impose burdens on my people;
but not until then, even though Pennsylvania
should be lost to the Democracy in twice ten thou-
sand presidential elections.
1 fear, Mr. Chairman, there is with some an
ulterior reason for this zealous advocacy of in-
crease of duties, and that is a desire for increased
"protection." Large appropriations may be
made to create the necessity for increased taxes.
. It might be going too far to ascribe such a pur-
pose to a majority on this floor, but one might
naturally infer, from the eagerness with which,
( by agricultural college and homestead bills, the
j public lands, as a source of revenue, have been
| surrendered, that there was a covert, purpose to
j render it impossible for the present tariff to fur-
I msh sufficient revenue. Jt is a contiadiction m
, terms, an impossibility, for a high-tariff man to
, practice governmental economy and oppose ex-
, travagance. You may analyze the votes on all
| questions involving extravagant appropriations,
; er thesuuender of sources of income, and the
, free-trade man i.s almost univeisally the advocate
: of economy and the opponent of excess, and vice
f vers/*. U is the men who desire bounties for par-
