1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
about seventy-five feet fronting on Chambers
streer, and extending back to Reade street. I
have the imptession that it is some one hundred
and fifty feet m length, north and south.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. When does this
lease expire ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In about four :
years from this time, with the privilege of pur-
chasing within three years.
Mr. HOUSTON, i notice that this appropria-
tion is in aid of the funds arising from fines, pen-
alties, and foifeitures, incurred in the fiscal year
ending in I860, and previous years. If the gen-
tleman has any information from which he can
state to the House the amount of funds thus de-
lived, 1 should like him to do so.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. And also why
these fines, penalties, awl forfeitures, are not paid
into the Tieasury? That is where they belong.
The appropiiation should not be in aid of such
penalties, but for the specific purpose designed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 would say, in
reply to the inquiry of the gentleman from New
York, that the law does not require these fines to
be paid into the Treasury, but to be applied m aid
of the appropriation for courts.
Air. BRANCH. I propose to amend by reduc-
ing the amount appropriated in the item ^"215,000.
I understand from the chairman of tlx* Commit-
tee of Ways and Means that it is proposed to
purchase the building and lot at that price. It
may be a very fair price for it, and it may be very
judicious, under ordinary circumstances, for the
Government to purchase instead of paying rent.
But in the piesent condition of the Tieasiu y, and
while it is seriously contemplated to mcioase-the
taxes on the people, and when every effort is being
made to reduce the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, I think we might defer, for one oi two yeat s
longer, the purchase of this property. It appears
that the Government has a lease of it, and that at
any time within the next three years it has the
right to purchase it at the same price that it can
be got for now. Under these circumstances, and
with a view to postpone the payment of so much
money out of the Treasury, I offer my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina. I
took occasion to examine the question to some
extent, and I know that the statement made by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
means is substantially correct. The Government
has alieady expended $25,01)0 in fitting up this
building. It pays $16,000 a year rent, and has
the pwviiege of purchasing it at $215,000, at any
time within the next three years. From inquiries
made when I was m New Yoik, as well as liom
information received at the Department, 1 am sat-
isfied that the propeity is really worth the money,
and more too. Every consideration of economy
requires that the Government should at some time
purchase the property; for, if not purchased, the
Government will'continue to pay $16,000 a year
rent, and will ultimately lose the fr"25,00U expended
in fitting it up. If not purchased now, the Govern-
ment will have to pay the year's rent, $16,000; so
that the question comes up in this shape: " Shall
we pay $315,000 now, or—adding in the rent—
$231,000 next year?" Ry buying it now, we will
save this year's rent, and get the building, actu-
ally, at $199,000.
Mr. BRANCH. Would not the intereston the
$199,000 be about equal to the rent; and would
we gain anything by buying it now, when we
have to borrow money at six per cent.?
Mr. HOWARD. The rent amounts to mote
than eight per cent. on $199,000. Now, every-
body knows that the Government can borrow
money at half that rate of interest: and therefore,
if we are to buy the property at all, we ought to
buy it now. If we choose to abandon the idea
of buying it at all, why, let it go. The Committee
of Ways and Means care nothing about it, and
only desire to present the matter to the House,
and let the House act as it may please.
The question being on Mr. Branch's amend-
ment,
Mr. HOWARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Morgan weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 81, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed tOi
Mr. GROW. To make the clause correspond
with the amendment just adopted, I move to
strike out lines seven hundred and fifty-six and
seven hundred and fifty-seven, which read:
" For tlie purchase of the pioperly m the city of Nuw
York, now under h>ase to the United .Suites for courts."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am disposed to follow it
up with the amendment to reduce the amount
further. If the committee see fit to strike out
these lines, I am perfectly willing.
Mr. GROW. This section embraces three or
four different things, incongruous in their char-
acter and nature; and I cannot say that I am in
favor of such incongruity in an appropriation bill.
Aside from that, it isa question with me whether
the Government is now in a condition to purchase
property, whether it be buildings or ships. The
executive officers of the Government lease them
at enormous rents, and then come to Congress
and say, " because they are leased so high it is
better to buy them." The Secretary of the Navy
has, in the same way, chartered a targe number
of vessels for the Paraguay expedition, with the
privilege of buying them. 1 am opposed to this
whole system of taking leases or charters, and
making their terms an excuse for subsequently
comim? to Congress and asking appropriations
for the purchase of the >dups or buildings,
i throw out these hints to show my opposition
to the general principle; and I desno now that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means may inform us about the items in this
clause, st> that we can vote for each by itself.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has intimated that the
Secretary ot the Intenor had no authotity either
to purchase or lease this building, 1 d< sire to say*
that it was leased by expiess authority of law,
giving the Secretary of the Inlet i o r the light
either to purchase or to lease buildings for the
United Stales courts in the city of .New Voik.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Missotui
did not understand the point i maue. What 1
said was, that 1 did not think it was right that the
oificers of the Government should lent buildings
at an exttavagant iate, and then plead that as a
reason why the Government ought to buy them.
Mr?PHELPS, of Me^ouu. Then 1 do not
understand the gentium in bom Pennsylvania to
say, upon his own authority, that the rent paid
by the Government is too great. If he will say
it is too much, then theie will be something unl-
iable in his chaige. But. sir, the rent paid for a
building seventy-five feet front, occupying the
position which this does m the city of New York,
is a very modeiate one. The h\ts.e of this build-
ing was recommended by the judges, by the mar-
shal, by the cleik, and by the ditituct attorney,
and the sum paid fot rent was stated to ho mod-
erate for such property m the city of New York.
It was so stated by gentlemen understanding the
> value of pi operly; ami, with ihese facts befoi e us,
upon what authority does the gentleman from
PennsyI vania charge thai the Secierury oi the Jn-
jl tenor has made a lease of this property at an ex-
orbitant jejit ?
'j Mr. GROW. I made no such charge. I said
-I nothing about the rent as my own opinion. 1
!j said th.it such was the' eilect of the gentleman's
i argument.
m Mr. P-HELPS, of Missouii. Then I misun-
;! derstood the gentleman.
'[ Mr. GROW. I said the argument was, that
we must buy the property at an exoibiiant rate;
j because it was cheaper to buy it than to rent it
l| at the rent at whieh we uie paying for it; and I
>! said that was not a fair argument upon the part
If of the friends of the Adminis-tra^on.
j| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouu. _ Well, sir, I un-
;! der&tand that it is a fact established by compe-
j| tent authority, that the rent paid is moderate;
;! and the price at which the Government rnaypur-
;j chase it, is also moderate.
! Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to propose
'j an amendment to the amendment. 1 propose to
•j strike out the word " propei ty," and to insert in
j j lieu thereof the words "lot and building thereon.'5
!i Mr. Chairman, it is for the purpose of perfect-
i< ing the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] woo proposes to strike
11 out the whole appropriation for this purpose, that
I move this amendment. I am in lavor ol re-
taining tins clause as an entirety. H is true that
it is incongruous as it now stands* with the pre-
ceding paragraph as amended, on motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,]
and it is because of that incongruity that I desire
to letain it, for the purpose of inducing the House
to disagree to the amendment which has been
made by the committee, striking theappropriation
of $250,000 for this purpose from the $1,000,000
appropriated originally for the purposes named
in the paragraph; and for this reason:
We have, for many years, in New York, been
in want of a court-house and rooms in which to
seat the judiciary of the United States; in which
to transact the business of the suitois of the Uni-
ted States; in which to hold judicial courts per-
taining to the people of the United States. The
i court has, in fact, been a court of piepoudre t shak-
] ing off the dust of its feet year after year, from
J building to building, from court-room to court-
i room, as it has been driven, under stress of re*
j moval, every May-day, from on%room to an-
! other, to the disgrace of the judiciary and the rep-
| utation of the Government.
| An opportunity was presented for leasing this
' building. A lease has been entered into, contain-
1 inga pmvision by which iheGovemment, within
i a certain period, may be permitted to purchase
: the property and create a "local habitation «nd
Ja name," for the traveling courts of the United
i States, m the great city of New York. The Wse
| was a profitable one; the bargain, ifconsummated,
j will be an economical one; the amount contcm-
j plated is #250,000, and is adequate and reasonable
j for giving the people of the city of New York a
| place in which to hold the courts of the United
J States.
j Now, that is the simple reason why this com-
| miH< c is asked to vote whether, under these c r-
: cumstances, a lease having been entered into of
I this description with the power conferred to enter
,< into a contract of an economical nature,approved
|| by the officials of the United States in the city of
\ New Yoik, approved by the judiciary located in
tin- city of New York, approved by the Secretary
of the interior located in the city of Washington—
under these circumstances, it is for (he House to
say whether the contract thus entered into shall
be consummated.
I hope the committee will retain this clause as
it stands—retain uwith the incongruity existing—
m ihe hope that the House may restore the ap-
[ propnation stricken out by the committee on the
j motion ol the gentleman from North Carolina. I
, hope theumeudmentof the gentleman from Penn-
I sylvania v/ili not prevail.
> Mr. BRANCH. 1 oppose theamenJmentof the
i gentleman bom New Yoik. The amendment of
! the g-'iulemun Ci, m Pennsylvania is simply to
■ conform to ib*  amendment which the committee
j. has already adopted I imagine there can be no
|j difiicuhy in the minds of ihe committee as to the
j. propuety of sinking out these two lines, if we
jf were in earnest when we adopted the preceding
I, amendment reducing the appropriation $325,000.
;;Tbe question is not, as I take u, whether the t
ji Secretary of the Inteiior made a good bargain or
a bad bargain foi a court-room in the city of New
ji York. The Sicretary of the Interior leased the
i budding foi a certain- rent, with the stipulation
J that the Government was at liberty to purchase
j the buildms: at a certain price within three years.
! Now, whether that price be large or small is not
| the question. It is wlnther, when we are bor-
1 rowing money to cairy on the Government, and
i; when we aie urged by many to increase the taxes
on ihe people, m ordei to provide for the expenses
i, of the Government, this is the proper time to pur-
j: chase that property, when we have the use ot the
!' property under an absolute lease, without paying
j out 000 fcr it. It matters not to me whether
; the kase is more than the interest of the pur-
j; chase-money or not. i would submit to a lease
!■ which would exceed the interest of the money
j' required to puichase the building, rather than in-
i. ctease the taxes on the people. The great qnes-
;j tion, in point of fact, is simply as to what we lose
j. by the lease in a single year; because we may
; purchase the budding next year, as well as at the
I' present time, on precisely the same terms.
■' Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
! sun, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the same amend-
ment, lor the purpose of saying that I hope this
clause will be stricken from the bill. What is
|j the condition of the city of Xn'cw York? Here
