1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Expenditures and the Tariff—Mr. Curry.
Ho. of Reps.
ticular interests, whose special purpose is to get
" protection," not revenue, from a tariff, that are
clamoring for increased taxation. It is not con-
sonant with human experience that men should ;
covet burdens, and pray for taxes upon labor and
industry, without hope or expectation of com-
pensation. Those who desire protection, and
those who receive in the disbursements of the I
Government more than is exacted from them, can |
well unite forces and use a temporary exigency,
fast passing away, to change a tariff adopted by i
two thirds of both Houses of Cong ess, and ap-
proved, in its main features, by the leading agri- 1
cultural, commercial, and mining interests of the
country. Agriculture, comprising near fifty per ,
cent of the population' and nve sixths of the cap- :
ital of the United States, and commerce, includ- 1
ing millions of capital, and the mechanic arts, are .
as much objects of governmental favor as manu- ,
factures, and their products are as much the re- ■
suits of home labor and home industry.
Since the foundation of the Constitution,! wen-
ty-e.ght change.-, thirteen geneia! and fifteen spe- .
cial, have taken place in our tariff policy. These
changes end modifications, particularly m 1824,
18:28,1632,1842, and 1846, have elicited much dis-
cussion from our profoundest writers and slates-
men. The power of truth has been seen and felt in
the gradual abolition of high dutiesand approxima- ,
tion to free-trade. The intelligent public sentiment j
has declared " protection" to be taxing profitable
branches of industry to support the unprofitable; ;
levying tribute on those winch pay well for the 1
benefit of those which do not; a tax on the pro- I
ductivcness of labor; "a waifarc on the part of
the manufacturing industry, and those which are
associated with it, against the export industry of
the community and those connected with it;*5 a
- robbery oi plunder of many brandies of industry
for the benefit of one bianch; and a crippling of
real home industry to support local or sectional
capital. The total value of exports of domestic
producein 1853, was$21)3,758,279. Ofthisamount,
there were $3i),372,J80 of manufactures, and a
heavy exaction, amounting to millions of dollais,
is wiesied from the large amount to foster and
protect those engaged in manufacturing.
The reciprocal hoe trade between the States of
this Union is regarded as one of our chiefest .
blessings and sources of prosperity. The re-
moval of restrictions between Canada and the
Ui'iifd States has been attended with like salu-
tary results. The establishment of separate gov-
ernments in each State would not lender less pro-
fitable the free mieiehmige of their varied products.
If restrictions beyond oui necessaiy economical
expenses, to protee' what is airogantly denomi-
nated as hvuxc indwlry, be proper between this
and foreign countries, wherein does Uie argument
not hold good that Slates and counties and neigh-
borhoods should levy like exactions, and exclude
competition toieign to their limits. But a lew
days since, without dissent, we passed resolu-
tions, declaring it the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment to use its utmost power, by negotiations
or other constitutional means, to obtain a modifi-
cation of the restrictions with which the trade in
tobacco wall certain foreign nations is clogged.
Why should we require our embassadors to ne-
gotiate ia\ orable commercial treaties, extending
our utide, wnen we impose heavy and unneces-
sary i'\stricuons upon the piodinnions of such
countries ? The Governments of the Old World '
are modifying their prejudices and liberalizing
the laws of trade. Great Hiitam has relaxed her
rigid navigation laws, and now den ves two thirds
ot her customs duties from articles that are pro-
duced eX'.lusively abioad, such as coffee, fruits,
spiers, suirar, tea, tobacco, &c. The commenda-
tion of Xa|>oieon I, by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. AJ orris,] for the protection of beet
su^ar. was hardly promotive of his argument;
for, although the pioductson of beet sugar has .
been artificially stimulated, '"the quantity ofsugar
consumed, "3ays Way land, " is probably less by
one third loan it otherwise would be. England,
with h.tlf the number <>f inhabitants, consumes '
t 7(> and a half nun do much sugdi as Fiance,'"
ami ice 1 'oited a < "issura urnr tim^s as
rnueh jit,' ciirlUc .'-s the i.ri.uas oi. Liko|"j.
1 take iS-aie with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Air. Morris,] as to the relative influence
of protective tariffs and low duties. Reduction of
duties has invariably stimulated industrial inter-
ests, and given increased impulse to agricultural,
manufacturing, commercial, and navigating inter-
ests. Our exports of domestic produce, our ton-
nage, and our manufactures all increase under a
low tariff. The tariff of 1846 very greatly diniin-
ished the duties of the act of 1842, and under its
influence, although we passed through an expen-
sive war, and witnessed the political and commer-
cial revulsion of Europe in 1847, our commerce
and revenue were largely augmented. A com-
parison of three years under the tariff of 1842 with
a corresponding period under the tariff of 1846,
will illustrate, at a glance, our relative growth
and prosperity under the two systems. Our im-
ports for ]844-45, and 1846, exclusive of specie,
were £333,702,903, and for 1848-49, and 1850,
$403,354,429. Our exports, exclusive of specie
and foreign merchandise, for 1844-45, and 1846,
were $299,705,146, and for 1848-49, and 1850,
$396,814,023. Our tonnage ran up from 7,259,181
tons in 1844-45, and 1846, to 10,023,512 tons in
1848-49, and 1850. The manufactures of cotton
exported in 1844-45,and 1846, were $10,772,189,
and in 1848-49, and 1850, were ^15,385,758. The
exports of the produce of agriculture in 1844-45,
and 1846, were $61,159,952, and 1848-49, and
1850, $103,186,808; of cotton in 1844-45, and
1846, $148,570,485, and in 1848-49, and 1850,
$200,379,877; and our total exports of domestic
produce were, m 1844-45, and 1846, $301,156,848,
and m 1848-49, and 1850, $402,517,988.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania also advo-
cated a protective tariff, on the ground that the
opposite system encouraged European labor and
industry, and made us, to some extent, tributaries
upon Europe. That is'the old argument which
has dinned our eats since the earliest discussion
of this question. Its fallacy consists partly in the
■ fact that our domestic productions cannot find a
| market at home. Last year we exported of the
' products of the sea, '53,550,295; of agriculture,
;$53,235,980; of cotton, $131,386,661; of tobacco,
! $17,009,767; and for these ai ticlcs foreign nations
t gave their products in exchange, and upon these
; products—supplied, in many instances, from
i twenty to fifty per cent, cheaper than they can
| be bought in America—we are asked to levy a
1 heavy tax, lessening the ability of our customers
to purchase from us, and, instead of buying where
| we can cheapest, to pay a heavy tribute to the
I capitalists who choose to invest m manufacturing.
if additional evidence wen* needed to show that
; this clamor is not excited by a desue to raise
1 more revenue for the Government, it would be
1 found m the fact of the peisiktent advocacy of the
specific over the ad valorem system of assessing
and collecting taxes. It may be hardly necessary
| to say that an ad valorem duty is one assessed in
proportion to the value of the article paying the
; tax, and, whatever its rates, falls equally and
! impartially upon all consumers, and js, therefore,
the most just and eqml and honest; while a spe-
cific duiy'is—to adopt the definition of Edmund
Burke, of New Hampshire, in his able articles, ;
written over the signature of" Bund'dcund," in 1
1*345—"a certain, precise, and invariable sum,
imposed upon all articles of the same kind, per ,
pound, yaid, gallon, bushel, or ton," without
reference to their qualify, cost, or v<ihte, and is I
fraudulent, unjust, and deceptive, hiding from the 1
con&umer the amount of tax, and giving a heavy ;
bount]/ to the manufactunr. if the Legislature ;
of Alabama were to fix a uniform but aibitrary :
valuation on every acre of land m the State, taxing
to the same extent tiie city lot m Mobile, and an ;
humble home in the mountains, it would be an ex-
treme but mtelhgibh illustration of the radical
injustice of specific duties.
Air. Clay, m the Senate, on the 1st of March, .
1842, used (his language: :
What are th i oil:
km-e net.] Fi^t. ti.er
ore>" duty
one, J am v. io .
ecltaei v:>rrtie votion-
'-pceilie (intio- u 'f
: tl.eicj
ai i-
i- >>o d;::i
«-m\ im iii.it p
;i -M( oit'c ..iid ;
or principle^, of t!io not o- i
'■ is the piineipiO that a fiv*n ad i ui- \
1 and he in le'ec ;.i ai! lun^s. Fot
tlmie !>\ t!> it { see'pi' . Their art- 1
allo.it n- to tip' tin!itand nece—itv ;
] (h~ciif::i!.irion-, wluen, I am p"i-
ant j. a VC' l uin«f-i-t'tiuliii'* of tin: i
llio 1 ttj.im pilinnpU' pi
* . '>aijii"i.,i- • act w.ii pa-M'e : M.d .
■ x,W\ «,i ailui'in-i-iinL' the dm ie- 01 |
ii.i?iple." --{.'onipaie tho dillet.-nctt \
he ad valorem f-jstem of duties, ami •
i maintain that the latter is justly entitled to the pioference.
The one principle declares that the duty paid shall be upon
the real value of the article taxed; the specific principle
imposes an equal duty on articles greatly unequal in value."
" 1 say that, m theory and according to every sound prin-
ciple of justice, the ad valorem mode of taxation is entitled
to the preference." " f believe that, if we adopt a fiared
rate, ad valorem, wherever u eau be done, the levenue will
he subjected to fewer frauds than the injustice and frailds
incident to specific duties."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mont-
gomery] has just said that every Democratic
President advocated the principles for which he
contends. For his benefit I will read from Mr.
Polk's message of 2d December, 1845, who, after
speaking of the injustice and inequality of the act
of 1842, recommended to Congress the abolition
of the minimum principle, or assumed arbitrary
and false values, and of specific duties, and the
substitution in their place of ad valorem duties, as
j the fairest and most equitable indirect tax that can
| be imposed. In this opinion concurred such emi-
I nent Democratic statesmen as Calhoun, Wright,
! Walker, Woodbury, Lewis, Hunter, and Cobb,
| and hence the repeal of the odious specific mini-
i mum duties, and the substitution of the more hon-
: est and less protective ad valorem tariff of 1846.
! Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
; from Alabama if he did not vote for Mr. Buchanan
j for President in 1856; and if he did not know that
I Mr. Buchanan had, in the Senate, in 1842, deliv-
, ered a speech in favor of specific duties?
! Mr. CURRY. Certainly; I advocated Mr.
| Buchanan's election, and knew that he had made
that speech; but, having been a member of Mr.
Polk's Adrniiiistidiion, under whose auspices the
tariff of 1846 was passed, and from whose mes-
sage I have just quoted, we had a right to infer,
and did infer, that he approved that act and that
j message, which are in such palpable opposition
| to specific duties.
i To proceed: under the tariff of 1842, Mr. Mc-
| Kay—upon whom the g&ntleman from Georgia,
1 [Mr. Stephens,] the other day, passed such a
: lush eulogium—laudari alaudatis—stated that .spe-
cifics operated as protection from twenty-eight to
two hundred and seventy per cent. Besides the
covert protection, this cheating device increases
the burden-upon the poor and laboring classes,
while it favors capital and exempts the rich from
their just share in supporting the Government.
I might easily make good this declaration by ref-
erence to the duties on salt, molasses, sugar,
silks, &.C., under the tariff of 1842. A singular
and objectionable consequence of a specmc duty
is that," while it is nominally fixed, the tax is con-
stantly increasing as the puce of the foiei^n arti-
cle is diminished; and, hence, a specific- duty of
twenty-five cents may bo, and, if continued for
years, will be, from seventy-live to one hundred
per cent., if not, far more.
Sir, that " bill of abominations," attempted to
! be offered here, on Monday, by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] the offspring
of a combination between Black Republicanism
and Pennsylvania Democracy 
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no! there has been no
combination; and it was not the bill of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CURRY. He fathered it; and now he
disdains his own bantling.
Mr. HOWARD. Who?
Mr. CURRY. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, as I now understand, had nothing to do
with it, and does not approve it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 will say that it wis not a
bill that I would have chosen, but I pret'envd it
to no bill at all; and I offeicd it as a measure winch
1 thought would be likely to demand :>om< titan
tion, probably get sufficient votes to insure a sus
pension of the rules for its introduction.
Mr. CURRY. Then the bill was the result of
a combination.
Mr, HOWARD. There was no sort of inter-
est felt as to what bill was introduced; becau^t;,
if the subject were brought beiore the 1-Joum, it
could then take any bill u phased.
Mr. CURRY. Then the bill \\ as not the child
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; he only
adopted U as us foster parent. Howc^r that
may be, the bhl, under lh<' guise of im-
posed a tax or from tb(y to one hundred percent
on many articles.
Mr. i infer that the gentleman cecLa
