270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
to charge all who voted to suspend the rules with
being favorable to that bill. I simply wish to say,
that I voted to suspend the rules, although I am
unfavorable to the bill as reported; but in favor of
some legislation. Many others entertain the
same sentiment.
Mr. CURRY. I am glad to hear that all on
that side do not approve the features of the bill.
After this interruption, let me proceed with my
argument.
The chief reason for specific duties is their al-
leged power to prevent fraud on the revenue. Ex-
perience has not demonstrated this capability.
Under the act of 1842, the contested cases were
numerous, and Alabama's most distinguished
Senator, Dixon H. Lewis, stated, in a speech in
the Senate, that he was informed that four differ-
ent rates of duty had been collected, at four dif-
ferentcustom-housesjon trace chains, which were
subjected to a specific duty. To avoid these im-
puted frauds, under the ad, valorem system, spe
cific duties are asked for, as stated by the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania and Michigan, on
commodities of equal or uniform value, which do
not fluctuate in price. If the value is so readily
ascertainable, and the price does not fluctuate,
then the reason for specifics, the prevention of
fraud, fails. Iron, now paying a tux of twenty-
four per cent., it is urged needs a specific duty.
Now, who ever heard of fraud being committed
in under-valuation of iron, or by a false or fraud-
ulent invoice? But, says the same gentlemen, we
want to keep out the inferior article. That is a
matter .safely to be intrusted to the good judgment
and common sense of the buyer; and besides,
the fraud is only transferred from abroad to this
country, as the good articles will be adulterated
and depreciated to suit the taste and pockets of
the purchaseis.
No, Mr. Chairman, the prevention of fraud is
but the incident—a pretext. 1 The history of the
tariff legislation in this country shows no single
instance of a change from ad valorem to specific
duties on account of fraud. A higher rate of pro-
tection has been the inducing cause for a transfer
from one schedule to the other, and that, to-day,
is the controlling reason with the iron interest.
Not content with exacting from the honest farmer
and mechanic twenty-four cents on every dollar's
worth of axes, hoes, planes, &o., they may buy,
adeceptiveand protective specificduty of a higher
rate is demanded. Specific duties, during a series
of years, are necessarily, if not originally, pro-
tective; and every man of common sense knows
that protection to themselves, not revenue for the
Government, and plunder, tribute, and exaction,
are what the iron-mongersdemand.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] urged
' the adoption of specifics to give stability and uni-
formity of revenue, and cited the examples of
Gieat tititain and other monarchical Govern-
ments for our intimation, Tlicy furnish no criteria
for us. Our systems of government and domes-
tic policy are entirely variant. There, royalty
claims Divine right for its authority. Here, the
Government springs from and exists for the peo-
ple. There, State policy must be carried out, in-
dependent of the burdened millions. Here, Ad-
ministrations live, move, and have their being in
the nostrils of the people. There, the Crown, the
nobility, the church establishments, the pensioned,
must suffer no diminution of income, although a
pestilence may rage iu Ireland, and a war deso-
late Europe. Here, when disasters overtake us,
the Government must stop its extravagance, lessen
its exactions, and conform its policy to the peo-
ple's necessities. Great Britain must have a per-
manent revenue, never falling below «£50,000,000.
Commercial crises, political revulsions, conti-
nental wars, change not her international policy.
Iier expenditures never contract, in time of peace
even, below a certain amount, and her patronage
must never be diminished. Hence she adopts
specific duties, as varying prices affect not her
necessities, and must not ctipple her resources.
Ji) America,five, republican, representative Amer-
ica, we repudiate such theories, and disavow such
modes of government. Simplicity, economy, fru-
gally, justic, honesty, equality, should charac-
terize our action. As prices are depressed, as
trade languishes, as general inactivity prevails,
as commerce is paralyzed, as our national ener-
gies are benumbed, the Government, drawing its
aliment from and sympathizing with the people,
must suspend its material development, reduce
its taxation, and conform its action to the condi-
tion of the citizens, and respect the vicissitudes
which have overtaken them.
Mr. Chairman, I regard this question of the
tariff connected with expenditures as overshad-
owing all temporary issues. If eighty or seventy
million dollars are to be established as the per-
manent standard of expenditures, below which
they are not to be reduced, the policy of the Gov-
ernment will be changed, the fruits of many vic-
tories will be turned into ashes, the powers of the
States will be absorbed by a central head, Federal
patronage and influence will subsidize the States,
corrupt personal and official integrity, and make
the South " hewers of wood and drawers of wa-
ter" for worse than Egyptian task-masters.
Of the effects of such a policy upon the Demo-
cratic party, 1 have not time to speak. Of the
| just responsibility of that party for the existing
' condition of affairs, having the President and a
1 majority in Congress, 1 do not seek to shield it;
j but in extenuation, it ought to be affirmed that
; obnoxious appropriations, enlarging patronage
| and swelling expenses, are generally passed by
j the other side, aided by the tariff interest on this.
! But a short while since, " free trade, low duties,
1 no debt, separation from banks, economy, re-
1 trenchment, and strict adherence to the Constitu-
! tion," was the rallying cry of the Democracy.
1 Under our banner, insci ibed with these principles,
i we have gone forth to victory. The North, the
South, the East, the West, all sections, have
t witnessed and shared in our triumphs. Our coun-
try has been extended, shackles from trade have
been stricken off, the moneyed power has been
divorced from the Government, proscription for
' birth or religion has been prevented, and bright-
j eyed progress has led our movements. Defeat
has stimulated to renewed patriotic exertions, and
. triumph has enured to the benefit of the country,
i Is all thus to be changed, and are an indignant
people to drive us from power, as betraying our
! trust and belying our professions? Hitherto, our
; strength has been in the purity of our principles
and the constant adherence to them. Hitherto,
j we have, to a great extent, preserved the rights
j of the States and of the people. Now, we aie di-
j vided, torn with dissensions, composed of inhar-
' monious elements, and weakly held together by
some occult, cohesive power. Sir, there is virtue,
power, victory, invincibility, yet in Democratic
principles; but to secure and merit success, there
j must be a self-lustration and a speedy return to
! the rigid State-rights and free-trade principles of
.1 John Taylor and Jefferson, of Polk and Pierce,
j of Calhoun and Woodbury. On such alone can
I the Government be safely administered, and on
; such alone depend our security and prosperity.
SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. L. M. KEITT,
OP SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1859.
The Hou«?e being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. KEITT said:
Mr. Chairman: It is a peculiar tendency of
some minds to accept, as facts, foregone conclu-
sions which, otherwise defined by the essence of
tilings, frequently come to delude us with the
merest varnish of truth. Among those acts of
faith which the mind is so prone to perform, I
may well be allowed to include the general belief
that the direct mission of Christianity wentbeyond
the redemption of souls, and that, breaking the
fetters of bondage, it was intended to elevate the
slave to an equality, which derives its possibilities
from the brains only of modern fanaticism, skill-
fully egged on by political knavery. If, sir, on
past occasions, and in the remarks which I have
deemed it proper to make m defense of the insti-
tution of slavery, in the sense that it violates no
law of Christ and involves no commission of sin,
1 have not gone astray from the lawful scope of
those remarks, or mistaken the teachings of the
Gospel; then may I boldly assert that, as Chris-
tianity never condemned, so neither did itabolish
slavery, through the application or enforcement
of any binding, canon law of the Church.
The Church, sir, whatever you may deem that
to be, in its agencies on the body-politic, was
no institution outside of the general laws which
control society. It was its boast, on the contrary,
that it could fitly harmonize with the mass of
social interests which it found in existence when
it was organized. The proclamation of Christi-
anity, therefore, called for no abolition, by virtue
of any superior right, of the forms of government;
nor did it produce any sudden revulsions in the
established order of things. If, according to the
teachings of St. Paul to the Galatians—a doctrine
which, I think, 1 have strictly explained—there
be an equality among men, that equality does not
extend to the coordinations of human society.
Its level, sir, is outside of the measurements of
earth. It is drawn in the eye of God, who has
said " My kingdom is not of this world;" and it
marks the equality as a spiritual one, justifying
the declaration that" He is no respecter of per-
sons," as components of a body of human society.
In order, sir, that there might be no doubt on
this subject, the same Apostle, training the Co-
rinthians, who, as Greeks, were the owners of
slaves, and who, as neophytes, might have har-
bored some scruples—the same Apostle, I say,
training them to the knowledge of spiritual gifts,
heralds, as it were, his teachings to the Galatians
by the declaration to the Corinthians that " By
one spirit are they all baptized unto one body,
whether they be Jews or Gentiles; whether they
be bond or free." The very illustration which
he uses to enforce his teaching and its meaning
forelays the ground which I have occupicd in re-
pelling the sophisms of a Christianity condemning
slavery into sin. Thy teaching of the Apostle,
sir, is, that the influence of the spirit of faith re-
duces all discrepant elements into one body for
the reception and exercise of spiritual gifts; but
the discriminations between the various members
of the body are clearly retained, and the necessity
of their relative uses elegantly enforced. It is the
wisdom of the pagan Agrippa, made holy by the
breath of Divine inspiration, speaking through
the lips of the Apostle Paul.
Before God, therefore,and Him only, according
to the earliest Christian doctrine, are men equal;
and in Him are found the sources of a freedom
not human—the spiritual freedom which Paul
defines as the ''liberty of the sons of God."
Thus, then, Christianity deferred to the arrange-
ments of the social organism which it. found ex-
isting on its advent. Society was then, as it is
now, a great body, each member of which has its
own special use and assignment—an organiza-
tion m which each one is commanded, by the
Master himself, to occupy this station and per-
form his task. In that organization, among the
other integral elements, the Apostle found the
slave; but neither in the name of his Divine Mas-
ter, nor by virtue of his mission of truth, did he
withdraw the slave from the obligations of the
general, social scheme. The inequality of the
status remained as it stood before the promulga-
tion of the soul-saving law; whilst equality merely
was proclaimed in the right to, and m the parti-
cipation of, those spiritual gifts which are assur-
ances of the salvation of souls, whether they live
and believe and pray, in the body of the master
or of the slave; whether the slave was one of our
own race, as he then existed, with the superior
organization which we claim and vindicate; or
whether he be, as now, the black barbarian, re-
deemed from the savagism of Africa, and, through
the noviceship of domestic slavery, inducted into
the humanizing arts of life and trained to the very
knowledge of spiritual things, which leads to the
salvation of souls.
Now, in the act of making its proclamation,
Christianity, as I have already shown, neither
assailed, repudiated, nor condemned, any of the
distinctions winch society had seen fit to estab-
lish—and, by inference, whatever it may now
have establis-hed—but, on the contrary, its voice,
ab or dirt e rerum, down to the present day, com-
mands obedience to the order of things and en-
joins " tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to
