1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
whom custom is due; fear to whom fear; and
honor to whom honor." This, I take it, sir, is
the real spirit in which the original Christian
faith prescribes its rules of conduct for man, so
long as social distinctions, that is, so long as so-
ciety itself, shall continue to exist. It may, and,
I am free and bold enough to declare it, it does
bring the master and the slave up to the Maker
on a footing of equality when it comes to the
scrutinies of the soul. But, far from condemn-
ing the lawful distinction and the consecrated
right as between the master and the slave, it does,
in the name of that Maker, sanction the distinc-
tion, recognize the right, and demand kindness
from the one, and from the other obedience. This,
sir, is the whole and defined extent of the apos-
tolic teachings on this subjectofslavery. Beyond
that, the Gospel, which those Apostles were com-
missioned to teach and expound, far from con-
demning slavery, supplies for it, on the contrary,
a prop and a stay as an institution of society, not
repudiated, not reproved, but actually admitted
by the scheme of the salvation of mankind ! A
self-consistent Christian, unless he be "in the
bonds of ignorance," has no right, therefore, to
condemn slavery as something reprehensible in
the religious point of view. Fie cannot declare it
at war with the mandate of God without declar-
ing himself, ipso facto, wiser and holier than the
God who instituted it by the revelations of the
primitive law, and sanctioned it by the silence, at
least, of the New Testament, which is the record
of that law fulfilled in its essence!
Hence, there is no teaching of the Apostles,
there is no decision of the Church which they
reared—I mean, sir, the Church which existed
when there was none other that could pretend to
decide—which has declared the tenure of slaves
to be sinful, whether per se or in relation to the
utterances of God's law. Unless I mistake, Mr.
Chairman, the normal rule of the Church has ever
been: " In necessariis unilas; in dubiis libotas; in
omnibus charitas." A magnificent rule, sir, which
I should be glad to see applied to the wielding of
our political trust. But, whether or not applied
by us, that unity you find among the Apostles;
you find it in those who followed them, and you
nnd that it has not been departed from, so far as
slavery is concerned. On the contrary, I have
amply, and 1 trust victoriously, shown how it
was tieated and understood by those who were
immediately sent by the Savior as heralds of His
law and of Iliscieed.
But, Air. Chairman, whatever may be the di-
versities and dissidences of the day, I maintain
that, as the truth of the doctrine of Christianity
is one and essential, so was its application in the
origin, and in the course of time, one and essen-
tial. It will now, therefore, be mine, in the pur-
suit of my object, to endeavor to show what was
held in reference to slavery by th* earhest ex-
pounders and defenders of the Christian faith.
Should you follow, sir, the application and sequel
of that doctrine during the ages which witnessed
the establishment of the Church—should you ex-
amine its usages and practice—you will find them
all converging into testimony against the innova-
tions of our times. Inquire into the teachings of
the successive trustees of the new faith, when it
had ceased to lurk in the dark corners, or had
emerged from the crypts and quarries, to stand
face to face with the institutions of the empire, if
not to supply one of the elements—the only one,
indeed—of its moral power; and they will answer
our retailers of political Christianity to their con-
fusion, if their hardihood can be confounded; as
well as to their shame, if they have retained that
distinctive attribute of manhood.
It was the champions of that Church, sir, who,
resting on the Gospel of their Master, settled the
canons of the early faith and doctrine, which
some of our " eleventh-hour" men now ignore,
if not repudiate, because they protest against their
unholy passions and pharisaic cant. For the foi -
mer against the latter, I may, at least, claim the
benefit of the axiom of human law: prior qui tem-
pore, potior itle in jure. Their priority of posses-
sion, in time, is a warrant, at least, for their pri-
oriiy of possession in ri«;ht. Ask that Church,
therefore, bishops and teachers, whose followers
undersigned their faith with the blood of martyr-
dom. Ask those who piously gathered the tra-
ditions of that Church and as faithfully hoarded
the teachings of that faith. " Ask your fathers,
and they will show you—your elders, and they
will teach you," that the doctrine which they re-
ceived on this subject from the hands of the Apos-
tles, that doctrine they delivered to their people
in the successions of time. They will teaclT that
none they received and none they taught, of a
peremptory character, against the fact or right of
slavery; but especially that none did they receive
or teach, which marked it with the brand of sin,
or of violation of either covenant or Gospel law !
Now, sir, as all are agreed in admitting the first
four centuries, up to the fifth age of the Christian
Church, as periods of authority in matters of faith,
so shall I pass, sir, through that period as curso-
rily as the subjcct will allow, and, among other
authorities, invoke that of some of the fathers,
doctors, and saints—the great lights and able ex-
ponents of the creed—for the true doctrine of sla-
very in connection with the permissions or inhi-
bitions of the law of God. In the teachings and
exhortations of these fathers of the faith, I see
much that justifies slavery as a normal condition
of social life; much that appeals to the charities
of the master in regard of his slave; much that
admonishes the slave that he owes to that master
the service of his body; but I see nothing—not
one word—which distinguishes the institution by
the characteristic of sin.
In the foremost rank of authority, sir, I meet
with the name of Ignatius, bishop of Antioch,
and one of the earhest fathers of the Church.
When I say in the foremost ranks, I do not mean
that his teachings are invested with more author-
ity than are those of his cotemporanes and suc-
cessors. All of them are alike entitled to credit
and faith. But I mean to say that the logic of
Lardner and Norton stands still impregnable; and
that all the sophistries of a Strauss or a Feurbath
have not yet succeeded, as they never can suc-
ceed, in thrusting him from his "local habita-
tion," and living, teaching action in the apostolic
age. It is the name of one, sir, who not only
ministered when the voice of the Apostles was still
ringing in the ears of the faithful, but, one, also,
whose own voice was the echo of Peter's, the first
appointed shepherd of the Christian flock, from
whom he had learned not that slavery is sin, but,
on the contrary, that the slave is, by the law of
God, subject to his master " with all fear." If
you cast, sir, a retrospective glance at the then
existing condition of things, you will find that,
forgetful of the declaration of the Divine Master,
the Roman world—that, sir, had got to be the
whole world—the Roman world, I say, unheeding
his words, " My kingdom is not of this world,"
deemed that he had come to overturn the existing
order and substitute for it a material organization
of power. As St. Paul had been assailed with
questions, all looking to asupposed change in the
social order, and affecting the relations of hus-
band and wife, of parent and child, of man and
woman, of master and slave, in the arrangement
of human, lygal society, so were his successors
plied, m the course of time, with inquiries all tend-
ing to the same ends for decision. Hence you
find the good Bishop of Antioch, among the anx-
ious inquiries of his flock, adverting to this ques-
tion of domestic slavery, writing to Poly carp, and,
through him, recommending to the Christian
slaves, by whom he was surrounded, just as St.
Paul had done to those of his missionary prov-
inces, to be obedient to their masters in the flesh,
and stii! more faithfully and assiduously to seive,
for the very reason that they are believers in the
faith. I nsk you, sir, to heed the import of his
words. As the slaves believe—cum crcdidcrint—
so the more are they bound to serve their masters
in the flesh—plus dotniniscarnahbusservire debtre.
And where, sir, do you find this imperative com-
mand? Is it m the evidences of mere human
speculations ? Is it in the delivery of mere human
opinions, which may, or may not, wotk convic-
tion in the human soul? Why, sir, it is in a book
of testimony, drawn up by one of the original
teachers of the faith; drawn up by one trained to
immediate contact with the Apostles, ami charged
by immediate commission to teach to the flock
* :i Seivo&, cum or. duieimt. pin.s dominis earnahbus,
seivire Uobero.—Tatunou. lib. 3, cap. 72.
whatever essential thing of that faith they had
received from the Master's lips.
Proceeding in this inquiry, which, I repeat, is
intended to show that our northern anti-Christs
are perverters of the primitive faith, when they
say that the doctrines of the Savior proclaim sla-
very to be a sin, I find, in the middle of the sec-
ond century, a legion of missionaries starting
from the shores of Asia Minor; from those shores
where the teachings of the true creed had been
delivered by St. Paul to the firstlings of the Chris-
tian faith. 1 find them, sir, coming out of the
people, whom John the Evangelist, at a later pe-
riod, addressed without rebuke, if not in praise,
for that they were one of the two congregations
that had received and still retained the doctrines
of truth. I find them comingfrom the very spot
where Ireneeus had been trained to the knowledge
of that truth byPolycarp, the Bishop of Smyrna,
in the vindication of which the good bishop set
up his tcstimonyof martyrdom. Yes,sir, under
the lead of Pottinus and irenseus I find these wit-
nesses of the truth of the doctrines of the Chris-
tian Church, in all its relations with social life,
wending their way from the shores of the Euxine
and the iEgean to the fastnesses of Western Gaul,
to pull down the dolmen of the druid, and rear in
its stead the altar of God!—to dispel the false-
hoods of heathenism and flash the lights of Chris-
tianity. For that purpose, sir, they went to those
provinces in which the general powers of Rome
pressed in every form of enormity—provinces in
which the institution of Roman bondage—a fear-
ful system, sir, 1 am free to confess—exhibited
its harshest features m the risht of conquest and
the usage of slavery combined. These mission-
aries—not like our northern fanatics, missionaries
of hate, insubordination, and bloodshed; but mis-
sionaries of love, duty, and obedience—we find,
sir, preaching self-denial and patience to the con-
quered tubes. To the rural slaves we find them
holding up the duty of obedience in the name of
the Redeemer. Those men were his representa-
tives They could not, sir, disparage the essence
of their mission, nor belie the truth of the doc-
trine, which they had traditionally received from
his divinely unerring hps. The testimony of
history is still extant to tell us that those prov-
inces of both Cisalpine and Transalpine Gaul
swarmed with herds of paupers and multitudes of
slaves—slaves, so recognized both by the preex-
isting usages of the tribe and the subsequent law
of conquest. And these, sir, in contact with few,
very few, provincial masters, the majonty of
whom were actually emancipated slaves them-
selves! They greedily clustered around the
strange heralds of a strange creed to them. The
hopes of that creed—the promises of its salva-
tion—were tendered to them. But nothing was
taught them that could affect their social condi-
tion, which it was not within the scope of the
Divine mission to touch. They e'uvsteied around
those "heaven-alighted" heralds of spiritual
weal. We have, sir, the recoid of the history of
those days for the fact that they asked easement
from their estate of bondage; and you have, su,
the answer also of those men of peace andjustice.
The early representative of that Church, which
claims that it cannot err, because it claima to be
under the guidance and the presence of its foun-
der—one of the living and successive echoes of
the teachings of the Apostle Peter, caught from
the lips of that founder, and of the Apostle Poui,
miraculously initiated into tlu1 secteU of liis will
—Ireneeus has but one answer, like St. Pnni's. ior
their anxious lnqnirmgs: servos, cum crcdidcunt,
pins do minis carnalibus servirt debet e ! Slaves ! (or
the very reason that you are believers—tor the
very reason that you have been redeemed from the
darkness of paganism—for thatveiy reason are
you still more bound to tribute service to your
masters! And, sir, is thisa new doctrine of lie*
riccus? Were the ears of the Ga'hc slaves the
first ihathad ever tjeen addiessed by this doetune
of submission, involved in the doctime of truth J
Why, sir, ,a century had scarcely «>one by v«hen to
the Ephesians, to the Galatians, to the Corinth-
ians—nay, to the very pastors of the churches
and missionaries of the faith—that dot tune had
been proclaimed and enjoined by St. Peter and
St. Paul, lest, in the words of the latter, " the
name of God slfould be blasphemed !" Why, sii,
