272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
.Ho. of Reps.
go to the conventions—go to the pulpits, or to
whatever place in which our" covenanting carles"
exult in their saturnalia of pseudo-Christianity—
proclaim this doctrine, taught, maintained, and
enforced by the immediate recipients and the ex-
pounders of the faith, and our modern improvers
of hs teachings would not, I have little doubt,
hesitate to denounce Peter and Paul as perverters,
if, indecdvthey should abstain from the blasphemy
of charging the Savior with imposture !
And yet, sir, were slavery a sin, as our tra-
ducers pretend it to be—were it, and had it been,
a violation of the. commandments pf the law of
grace—never, since the days of the Master him-
self healing the slave of the centurion, had such
an opportunity offered for its condemnation in the
name of God. Never such an opportunity for
holding it out to the few masters converted to the
faith as a sin blighting the soul and subjecting
them to the anger of Heaven. In those prov-
inces, sir, the siaves being incomparably more
numerous than the masters, the fiist-missionaries
of the faith, had they acted in policy, and not m
tiuth, might have said to the former, in answer,
" The law of the Redeemer is against the claim
of those who hold you m bondage; you, as well
as they, have been called to the knowledge of Di-
wne truth; and we as its messengers, declare to
you that that Divine truth charges you to refuse
them service and obedience, because the service
given and iho obedience claimed are violations of
the law of God, and sin committed in his sight."
Was that the answer, Mr. Chairman ? Happily,
sir, the voice which, pealing above the loar of
wild beasts in the arena of Lyons, praised God
that he had u hiought his servant to the knowl-
edge and teaching of truth;" the voice of the holy
martyr, 1 renreus, joining in the concert of nine
thousand other Christian voices of masters and
slaves singiuu the peans of martyidom, still i iniis
tlnough the lapse of seventeen hundred years this
answer to thone who hypocritically descant on
the slavery sin of the South: S'e?voi, cum crcdi-
dertnt,plusdomiiikcarnalihus<ie7Virc dcbcre—siaves,
as you are believers, the gieater your duty to
servo your masters in the llesh !
You cannot, sir, open a single page of the his-
tory of tho&e days, which us the basis not only of
modern history, hut the baptismal iccoid, also, of
all modern society, without finding testimonials
of (his kind. Acuuding to St. Hiianus, a (tuly
religious man is to take no account of thecondition
of freedo n or of slavery; whilst he makes no dis-
tinction of bondage, but that of the soul in sin.*
Shivery, therefore, not as understood and judged
by the vulgar, is but an empty name, which may
deceive the herd only as to the relative condition
of master and slave. It is a mere accident of life
—a fact which may be set among those things
which are immaterial in themselves—things that
may be good or bad in accoidnncc only with the
di>poNjtion ol' the spit it of those who ai e submit-
fed to its truths and its requirements. Good, if
they obey the injunctions of the Savior, speak-
ing through the apostles; had, if' they resist the
mandate, in the resisting of which lie the disre-
gard of the law ami the guilt of sin? Now, sir,
do you find a word in this winch goes to make
slavery sin ? No doubt it is an inconvenient thimr,
says the doctor; il is a hard obligation of life; but
is n a sin, as our modern doctots teach ? Not a
word, sir, about that. But the bondage of the
soul, winch is Sin, that the teacher of the primi-
tive faith holds to be wretchedness, indeed !
Another one, sir, and one of even greater au-
thonty, if there can ho relative degrees of author-
ity upon an essential truth, the "Teat Basil, oil for-
cing the example of St. Paul returning Onesimus
to Philemon, prescribes to his clergy to admonish
and amend the slaves who take lefuge in monas-
teries, and to return them to their master's au-
thority. To the slaves themselves, by the sev-
enty-fourth of his rules, he enjoins the duty of
obedience do minis carnulibus—to their masters in
the flesh. In others of Ins dogmatic wntings,
having special reference to matters of faith, the
gnat doctor does not scruple to invest his rea-
soningin tne formulasof Arstotle, ;>rd to proclaim
* '.'out! rr);i-':n corpora inning irenei e • •{< ' ■
pica. OlSu turn qu.duu <.|!uutn tameo bonus.i uon ouimno
rniiCiabile; at ve:t) annua: captivitas, <iu<Xm niiehx cs !—
Ti act; in psalm, l£y} $ 4,
—what? That slavery is a curse and a rip?
Why, sir, that " ltisusefuland profitable to him,
who, from inferiority of faculties has not within
himself the means of self-guidance, and requires .
it from abler hands." j
This, though more radical than the teachings :
of any of the other fathers, Augustine and Am-
brose, perhaps, excepted, is strictly in. keeping I
with their lessons, that looked to the emancipation :
of souls from the bonds of sin and not to the en- \
franchisement of slaves from the master's rights. 1
We find another example, sir, derived from the
same doctor; one which, although not presented
in a didactic form, is not the less significant of
his tenets on the nature of slavery and the char-
acter of the slave. Intrusively questioned by
Simplicia, an Arian lady, who called him to ac-
count for some of his opinions—his very dictum,
it may be, on the subject of slavery—the eminent
Bishop tells her: " My discourses are not such
as you deem them. God will be my judge. If
witnesses be required, let no slaves be brought for-
\ ward against me. People of that condition shall
j not stand at the judgment seat: but virtuous and
i perfect men, who shall see in reality what is now
i seen in the spirit only." We of the South, sir,
! might well borrow the vindications of the learned
| doctor and equally puie saint to answer the lm-
1 pertnicnecs of the pamalooncd Simplicias of the
■ North! i would naturally expect them to pervert
I the true doctrine, spenking through his hps, and
! assad a character which still splendors with ail
1 the beauty of primitive virtue. Well, let them, if
■ they choose. What the reasoning of a wolf
; might be againstan originally-appointed shepherd
! of ihe flock, I will not stop to inquire. Yet it seems
1 to me, Mr. Chairman, that it might not, by com-
parison, disparage the logic of oui meek northern
fie-nds, who assume to tnemselves tho exclusive
wardship of the American Christian flock, to
j howl denunciations against the other pus to is who
! have guided their sheep m the spirit of truth that
I has lawfully come down to them. As they now
! denounce us of the South, who maintain thai si.i-
: veiy is neither immoial nor antichnstian, so I
J June no doubt they will not spare then abuse of
j the teachings of the first shepherds of the fold,
j into which some tfieie be who are irreverent
; enough to suspect that they have sceakhily clam-
1 beied to contnve mischief and suggest bloodshed
j m the Masti r'e name!
' However tins may prove, Mr. Chairman, I find
! additional icasons for its piobabi'iity in the accu-
! mulation of irresistible testimony, which rises
I out of this inquiry, provoked by the repeated
I slanders of our adversaries. 1 find another ex-
| pounder of the early faith of the Christian Church,
! as one of the body of heralds and teachers of the
! Gospel, the promises and reaches of which are
i bound only by the duration of eternity, iiim I
I find a profound thinker, a faithful bishop, a man,
| of a far-reaching intellect, of inflexible justice,
j and of saintly puiity. In that man, sir, m St.
! Ambrose of Milan, 1 find a like identity, a like
coherence of doctrine on this subject of slavery,
, as handed down to him by the apostles through
, his predecessors. Slavery is one of the conditions
( of life; but it is no violation of the law of God.
It is a hard estate; hut it is no destroying sin.
• Far from it; St. Ambrose holds that it may be a
: usiful necessity. You have heard, sir, one of the
1 lights of the eastern Chuieh, St. Basil, deckuing
| that inferiority of faculties makes bondage profit-
! able to the slave. Listen now to an equally great
i head of the western Ciiureh, m perfect accord, and
' in consonant faith with Ins coworker m the task.
: St. Ambiose, in his treaties on the life of beati-
; tude, speaking of the bondage to which Isaac re-
■ duced Esau, his own son, advances the proposi-
1 tion that it was light that Lsau should seive a
I brother more prudent than himself.* Error, sir,
is the child of Time; Truth the offspring of Eter-
nity. Truth, therefoie, is ever unchangeable.
The doctrine of the earliest guardians of the
creed of truth, after a lapse of fifteen hundred
j years, is the doctrine of those of us who maintain
J the benefitof the institution for the welfare—moral,
: physical, and religious—of the African slave. A
1 race, sir, which, for all the contacts of eiviliza-
! * Qui :cv:i nairf non poienit ot alttnnn t. i'.'ic, -rrvite <!''
lub it. nt £>. i rr^/etth'orcregerctur. dc vita heutd ;
I lib. 2, e. 3.
tion, is marked for the lower reaches of its scale
A race, which, with the pretended blessing of
emancipation, after the trainings of labor had in-
itiated them into a species of elevation, have
shown themselves to be so utterly incapable of
self-guidance and so ludicrously unfit for self-
government, is a race -narked by every charac
teristic which defines strict inferiority. This, sir,
is what we, who are the founders and the judges of
our own system of society, maintain; this is what
the admitted levites of the faith have justified in
times past. This is what warrants us in hurling
back, upon our traducers, the charge of sin against
God; especially when slavery seems so manifestly
to be one of the means of his providential ends.
To this view of the question, the doctrine of St.
Ambrose is germanely applicable. The enfeoff-
ment of Esau into his brother Jacob's hand is
additionally sustained as coming within the in-
tentions of God; whilst, on the pretended sinful-
ness of slavery, as a fact existent in society, Am-
brose leaves no doubt. With lum, as well as with
the other doctors, the only bondage is that of sin.
The slavery of the body is a condition of human
existence, and, as I have already shown from an-
other source of authority, a merely hard estate of
life.
But, sir, from whatsoever body of authorities,
I defy any opponent to show that the keepers
and expounders of the primitive faith—though
they held the fact of slavery to be a harsh one—
though they pleaded earnestly for its mitigation—
ever hejd it m any other view than thatof one of
the inconveniences of life, like paupensm, for in-
stance; or ever proclaimed it to be m violation of
the Divine law. To suppose that they ever could
have done so is impossible—it is monstrous.
They, sir, were self-consistent men; they were
men of sense and coriscienc e both. Thcyckximed
and asserted the right of being the depositaries of
the faith and the discipline which the Apostles
had taught; and they knew, long before our mod-
ern-tmies discoveries, that every line which bears
the reeoid and enjoins the disciples of that faith
stands out m accusing rebuke of the perversions
of our opponents. They, therefore, could not
stultify themselves and disgrace their ministry by
teaching that to be sin which the original doctrine
had not so taught. On the contrary, sir, both St.
Augustine and St. Chrysostom, far from quali-
fying slavery as a sin, claim it to be the result of
the violation of the law of God, and, therefore,
one of the forms of displeasure indicated by the
Maker for the infringement of his will. Them I
have selected, sir, to complete my testimony,
drawn from the primitive sources, because as ex-
pounders of the tenets of the Greek and Latin
Church, they stand prominently in advance of
their glorious compeers.
St. Augustine, m his magnificent conception of
the mystic city of God, lays down the theory of
slaveiy with an unfaltering hand. Proceeding
to argue that the condition of slavery must have
been rightfully imposed on sinning man, he con-
cludes that sin was the original cause of bondage.
If that be so, sir, then am I justified in having,
upon other occasions on this floor, carried its ori-
gins to the very threshold of human existence.
" Siii," says the groat doctor and logician,"is the
primal cause of slavery. Whence, man was
made subject to man m the bond of its condition,
which could not be done, except by the judgment of
God} m whom there can be no injustice." And
this is not merely his own exposition of the fact;
not merely his own conclusion from it, but, like all
the other doctors, he rests them, so far as they
have any binding power, on the teachings of the
Apostles who, he repeats after all his coadjutors,
commanded the slave to obedience. Nay, who
exhorted them, if tiiey could notbe emancipated
by their masters, to turn their bodily bondage .into
spiritual freedom and to serve their masters in
good will, until till human principalities and pow-
ers shallhave passed away, and God is all in all! *
^ Conditio qmppe .-erviUitu nti c intclhjzifui pec-
eutOii. Puma aniem cau-a peccatume-t. ut homo luwnni
<*<'luiiunni^ vinculo suiKlejeiiir; quod non f't. Deo iudi-
i-ahle, //put! (jur.n unn c^t iniquit'd Apu-tuiu- etmm M'iv«
mono ut i-ciiiccr. ,-i i.oti pu--inii a dejiiihi- idfii heo.-nam
M'!Vitut>'ni ip i (jhod.uu n'.ouo !:hji;un Usi'i int. do'i*"* (\.'C-
uotur oiuiii.- p'auipatun et poto-iia.- I'lniiaua ot
ouiiiia m omnibus.—S£. Jlugus. de Civitaie3 Dei. hb. 19,
cap. J3.
