1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
So, Mr. Chairman, according to St. Augustine,
who cannot be presumed to have had as much
learning or wielded so powerful an intellect as the
Reverend Cheevers, or the equally Reverend
Beecher, but who assuredly must be admitted to
be as genuine an interpreter of the doctrines of
Christ as they can possibly be, slavery is the re-
sult of the will and judgment of God, in whom
there is no iniquity. Yet, sir, the Reverend Cheev-
ers and the equally Reverend Beecher stand up
in their pulpits and virtually damn us for allow-
ing that which He himself instituted by special
ordinance for a special purpose ! A strange phase
of sin, indeed, would that prove, Mr. Chairman,
which is laid down by one of the accredited ex-
pounders of the Christian faith as the result of a
judgment of a God, apudquem non est iniyuitab—
of a God whom it were blasphemy to submit to
our scrutinies or to charge with injustice; yet a
God whom our northern friends do not hesitate
to arraign, and constructively to condemn, hefore
their own impeccable tribunal! Sir, I do not pre-
tend to be very familiar with the question, as agi-
tated in this special form, by the past expound-
ers of the faith. Indeed, I confess that my
inquiries on this ground are of a comparatively
recent date. That they have been confined to
ascertaining whether actually and truly, in the
opinions and by the teachers of our forebearers, we
are the shocking sinners which our loving breth-
ren would have us appear; confined, sir, to as-
certain whether the charge that " slavery is a
sin," made against us of the South, is founded in
the testimonies of the early Church; and whether
those, many of them indeed, who gave evidence
of the true spirit of faith, in the greedy raptures
of martyrdom, had really marked us, for centuries
and by anticipation, as violators of the law of
God, into which our charitable northern friends
would pervert us in the sight of the country and
of the world! Yes, sir, I confcss that beyond
that line my investigations have scarcely gone;
but I am equally bound to feel and to know that
they have led me far enough to detect the shallow
pretensions of our detractors, and to discover the
source of much of the acerbity, the presumption,
and intolerance of those who affect the monopoly
of moral goodness and religious truth, by virtue
of their aurora-borealis system of faith, looking
like the true light, yet Hashing' nothing but error
and bale over the northern heavens! Now, do I
understand, sir, the truculcnt ravings—the mad-
house blasphemies of an " anti-slavery Scripture
and an anti-slavery God ?" The fiat of that Scrip-
ture, which, in this matter at least, cannot be
theirs—for truth and falsehood cannot co-exist—
is against their calculated malice; and the very
ordinance of the God whom they would impiously
shape to their views speaks in condemnation of
their arrogant perversions. They howl against
the slaveholder of the South in their very inabil-
ity to convict him of sin in owning slaves. Still
more fiercely do they howl against us in their
impotence"" to rail away the seal" from the tes-
tament of truth, which, not ran king slavery among
the infringements of the law of God, has been
handed to us by the early propagators, doctors,
and martyrs of the Christian faith to protest
against their attempts to wrest its legacies to then-
own unhallowed ends.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that St. Augustine
has laid down the theory of slaveiy with an un-
erring hand. It is saying but one half of what
he has done on this head. With a precision
more marked and telling than anything that char-
acterizes either Pagan or Christian thinker—with
a closeness of reasoning more binding than you
find in an Epictctus, a Seneca, or a Libanius, he
clenches the question with the fiat of an authority
which no heathen writer could command. His
premises he carries to conclusions which none but
the hopelessly ignorant and the willfully per-
veise can resist. You have heard him, sir, lay
down the proposition that slavery is the conse-
quence of sin rightfully adjudged, and necessarily
so, by a God m whom there is and there can be
no injustice. Listen now, sir, both to the logic
of the philosopher and the doctrines of the saint.
In the sequence of his chanud conclusions, he
takes issue with our good friends and tells them
—not that slavery is sin-—but that so soon as sin
New Series.—No. 18.
asserted its power it tainted the freedom of man,
and, in so much, introduced slavery. "From
this fact, therefore" argues the great doctor,
" both the slave and the master mayalike derive
great advantage; if they shall consider that out of
sin grew among men the distinction which marks
the domination of the master, and, on the other
hand, the subservience of the slave."*"
I would suppose, sir—indeed, any one might
suppose—that, after conclusions so terminative,
the question might well be closed. The learned
and holy doctor, however, is. not satisfied with
results which might leave room for the doubts of
the skeptic or the objections of the sophist.
Taking up his own argument, he reduces it, under
every phase, to the searching scrutinies of his
own vast intellect, and comes to the ultimate con-
clusion that slavery is the result of a preconceived
intention; that it is evident that it was lawfully
introduced into the world bij the law of nations, and
that the slaves, by the mandate of Holy Writ,
exscripturasacrata, are bound to acknowledge their
masters and to serve them.f
Stepping from this conclusion, sir, the doctor
carries the question upon "other grounds. He
seems to have anticipated the very objection of
those who, admitting the introduction of slavery
by the will of God, claim that it is condemned
and abolished by the subsequent law of the Gos-
pel. If slavery entered the world through sin, it
may be argued, he says, that it was blotted away
by the atonement.
But the answer to the objection immediately
follows in the compactness of reasoning, which
is peculiaily his own. " These questions," he
says, " may be satisfactorily settled by one solu-
tion. Our forefathers, indeed, did sin, and by
their prevarication introduced slavery into the
world; but that slavery, thus intioduced, their
posterities confirmed by the fact of their own sins !"
I may safely rest the question, Mr. Chairman, on
the authority of a teacher, of whom we have the
record that " he allowed no utterance of doubtful
doctrine ever to pass unchecked and unrebuked;"
rest it with the conviction that one so watchful
of the sincerity of religious truth in others could
hardly have erred m laying down and enforcing
this question of slavery in the sense of Christian
duty and of Gospel precept. He had learned,
sir, and probably had learned from the very epis-
tle of the Apostle Paul which poured the truth of
God's Word, with converting power, into his
mind, that that Word spoke no condemnation of
slavery. The promises of the atonement had
been made, and the injunctions of that Word had
been preached, for more than three and a half
centuries; and yet, in the presence of both, the
doctor does not hesitate to decide that the contin-
uance of sin among the posterities of Adam con-
fums the fact of slavery.
Hence, Mr. Chairman, you perceive that St.
Augustine traces the origin of slavery to the very
precincts of Paradise; derives 31 from the violation
of the first command, and justifies its usage as a
result—Deojudicante—of the judgment of God,and
sanctions its existence, jure gentium, by the law
of nations. But surely, sir, neither of these can
make slavery a sin. Like plagues, war, scourges,
and death, it can be but a consequence at worst.
The former is an effect, the lattei is the cause.
To the destruction of the latter, therefore, accord-
ing to the axiom, ablatd causa tollitur ejfectus,
should our actuaries of the politico-religious con-
cerns of the world apply their undivided efforts
and their holy zeal. Jh'oi observe, Mr. Chairman,
if the commission of sin was the herald of bond-
age, then must its prevalence be the accompani-
ment of slavery in some shape on this earth. On
this score, the doctrine of the great bishop leaves |
no doubt. Deeply, therefore, do I regret that our
pious brethren aieso consumed by the zeal of the
house of God as to assail the consequences of his
own law in their prosecution of that zeal. I re-
gret that, holding the monopoly of godliness m
their hands, and pleading against the slavery sm-
* Pecccuuni ergO ubi nitruvil, libettatern peululit, seivitu-
ternque mfioduvir. Kx quo autPin -ervuv ;ir donnnus par-
lter magnam cupieiit ulihwtem, securn rqnuantes, expec-
eato, iidtarn es-c, inter homines, ahoiuin dominantium,
ahoruni contii ^ervienttum, dirtorentiam.—St. Jlugust. de
Civitate.Dei, Lib. 19, cap. 15, m t>equentia.
f St. August, de (Jivitate, lib. 19, chap. 15, vol. VII I
fulness of the South, they have not addressed
themselves directly to the abolition of slavery.
Still more do I regret, sir, that they have not yet
consented to give us the best, if not the only,
earnest of their abhorrence of slavery by the
uprooting of sin in their midst. Though the
question of its overthrow, through such a condi-
tion precedent, might well be adjourned to the
"Greek Kalends," which I believe, never were
known to come; yet firmly as I hold to the law-
fulness, human and divine, of slavery, just as
truly would I greet the announcement ofits pend-
ing abolition. For, then, Mr. Chairman, would
I exult in the conviction that a new hope had
arisen for the sinners of our Israel. The day,
sir, which would proclaim the abolition of slavery
as a violation of the law of God would also sug-
gest to me the pleasing assurance that our north-
ern friends have washed away every taint of ini-
quity and every blot of sin from their sanctified
souls!
But, sir, I am recalled to the consideration in
chief of this subject. It were easy to infer the
bearing of the doctrine which the Bishop ofHippo
has advanced. But he does not leave us to in-
ference. He has authoritatively laid down the
principle, and he fully carries it out in all its tend-
encies. He expounds the question not only in
the religious sense, but he does it also in the do-
mestic sense. In his view, the slave, by the
judgment of God—Deojudicante—and by the law
of nations—jure gentium—owes obedience to the
master, but the master, by the law of grace, owes
care, kindness, and charity to his slave. This,
Mr. Chairman, laid down withsingularprecision,
constitutes the perfect harmony between the law
of God and the law of man in the institution of
slavery. It absolves it from all the trumpery
charges of the North, and leaves it, as God has
made it, a not abnormal element in the organiza-
tion of society. You have seen that, according
to all the pastors of the early church, the master
is required tn bear with the frowardness and the
failings of the slave. That is the law of his
Christian duty. But listen to the jaw of the
church under his proprietary rights:
" But if any slave, [says the Saint] shall, through disobe-
dience, assail the domestic peace of the household, let turn
be corrected by word 01 by scourge, or by any other kind of
just and lawful punishment, which human society grants for
the good of him, who is corrected in Older that he may be
reduced to Uie state of peace from which he hud strayed."*
Heaven knows, Mr. Chairman, that, under
this rule, and by discipline of those whom I am
compelled, with the consentient opinion of the
world, to admit as expounders of the Christian
faith, the subordination of the slave and the au-
thority of the master are amply recognized. But,
for fear of error—for fear of misunderstanding—
the doctor immediately adds:
" Hence, it is, that it iss the duty of the head of the house-
hold to apply the precepts of the State, by which he must so
govern hn household that it shall harmonize with the peace
ol society."
Note, Mr. Chairman, that this is not said of the
household m the form of it with which our north-
ern friends are blessed; but in the household as,
by the old patriarchal rule—by the dispensations
of the new law—it exists m our southern homes,
under the " precepts of the State," as the bishop
terms the laws, wh'ch justify the master's au-
thority. Concluding his argument, on the au-
thority of the father, blending with that of the
master, and, on his obligation to rule his house-
hold, the doctor subjoins:
Wheiefore, as our just fathers."—
That, sir, you will please to observe, refers to
the old covenant.
—u as out ju«t fathers iiad slaves, they so maintained the
harmony or ihe household that, in so far as concerned these
tenipomi possesions, they made a distinction between the
e-nte ot' their childien and the condition of their slave* ;
but thev provided, with equal solicitude, that all the mem-
bers of "their family should worship God, in whom lies all
hone of eternal good !"
Than yourself, Mr. Chairman, I hold none to
be a better judge of the intrinsic differences be-
tween error and truth. I ask you, sir, admitting
u ^Si ({ins autfin, in dorno, pei inobrdientum,domesnc£e
paei, adveii-aun, eoiripi.uur, *eti verbo, ten veibere, -en
quohbei alio geivr«> pen®, jus to atque iieito, qimd societas
humana eonmht pio ejus, qui corripiatur, militate,utpaci,
untie dissiivcjat, coapeiut,"
