1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
establishing a mail route from Chatfield, in the county of
Fillmore, by the way of High Forest, Madison, Geneva, and
Freeborn, to Winnebago City, in the county of Farribault,
in the State of Minnesota; and be also directed to inqime
into the expediency ot establishing a mail route from the
city of Glcncoe, in McLeod county, by the way of Cam-
den, to Wateitovvn, in the county of Carver, in the same
State.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit the following reso-
lution; and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That Saturday of the present week be set apart
for the consideration of the following business'relating to
the District of Columbia:
S. No. 558. A hill to provide for the care and preservation
of the wotks constructed by the United States lor bringing
the Potomac watei into the cities of Washington and George-
town, for the supply of said water for all governmental pur-
poses, and for the uses and benefit of the inhabitants of the
said cities;
S. No. 3)9. A bill to enlarge the public grounds surround-
ing the Capitol; and
S. J. R. No. 73. A iomt lesolution for procuring furniture
for the noith wing of the Capitol.
I will state for the information of the Senate
that I lmve been stiuggling for the last eight or
ten days to take up for consideration bills which
I think it is important should be acted upon.
The bill S. No. 558 is a bill to provide for the
care and preseivation of the works constructed
by the United States for bringing the Potomac
water into the cities of Washington and George-
town. The other is a joint resolution for procur-
ing furniture for the north wing of the Capitol;
and-the other is a bill to enlarge the grounds sur-
rounding the Capitol.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution to
day.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I shall call it up to-mor-
row morning. I am unwilling to contend against
the chairman of the Committee on Finance every
morning for priority of business, and I select
this as a better mode of considering the question
whether the Senate will act on these bills or not.
DRY-DOCK AT MARE ISLAND.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Navv ttrinsmit to the
Senate a copy of the lease of the dry dock at Mare i-lund,
made on the 4th of August, A. D. «\!>o ,i ; tateriii.'nt
showing the date of the reception of said dock by the Uni-
ted States, and the time when the leaj-e was tenninaied hy
notice trom the Department, together a copy of the
same, and all papois lolatmg to the simendei of ^atd dock;
and also, that the Secretaiy of the Nav\ a-e.'tuun and le-
port to the Senate whether the lessees aie entitled to com-
pensation for their Joshes m the pumw-., and if ro, what
amount, if any. m ins opinion, under all euenin^iance^ of
the case, the said lessee>aie justly and equitaMy entitled to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (LI. B . No.
863) for the relief of Lucy A. Wakefield, widow
of Benjamin Wakefield, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the biil(H. II. No.
831) to authorize the holding of circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States at the city of
Peoria, Illinois, reported it without amendment,
and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a memorial of members of the bar
of Knox county, a memorial of members of the
bar of Marshall county, a memorial of members
of the bar of Woodford county, in Illinois, and
a memorial of members of the bar at Peoria, Illi-
nois, severally praying that certain counties in
that State may be attached to the southern judicial
district thereof, and that provision may be made
for holding the terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States at Peoria, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was ngieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 527) to detach certain
counties from the northern judicial district m the
State of Illinois, and to annex them to the south-
ern judicial district of said State, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 769) to compen-
sate the Statg of New Jersey for the use of court-
rooms for the United States court in the State-
House at Trenton, in said State, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from tbe same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Pryor & Heiss,
proprietors of the States, praying that steps be
taken to enforce the provisions of the act of 3d
March, 1845, in relation to the publication of pro-
posals for contracts, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Printing; which was agreed
to.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was recommitted the memorial of James
Monroe, praying to be allowed arrears of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers; which was agreed
to.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of
Kunhardt & Co., and Gelpcke, Keutgen & Riech-
elt, agents of steamship lines between New York
and certain ports in Europe, praying a modifica-
tion of the laws relating to exportations for the
benefit of drawback, submitted an adverse report;
which was agreed to, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
562) for the relief of AnneE. Bronaugh, widow
of the late John W. Bronaugh, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom were referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 918) for the
benefit of the captors of the British brig Caledo-
nia in the war of 3812, disagieed to by the House,
reported that the Senate insist upon the amend-
ments to the said bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was refened the hill (II. R.
No. 443) for the relief of William F. Wagner,
reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refoired the bill (S. No. 515) to amend the
judiciary act in relation to service of process in
certain case*?, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the resolution of the Senate of January 21, in-
structing said committee to inquire into the
"practicability and propriety of reconstructing
and remodeling the interior of the northern por-
tion of the Capitol extension,, have directed
me to report that legislation upon the same at tins
time is inexpedient, and ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. HALE. I object to the consideration of
that rcpoi t now.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let it lie over, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will go over
under the rule.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the report of the Secretary of
the Navy, communicating the report of-the offi-
cers appointed by him to make examinations into
the iron, coal, and timber, of the Deep river coun-
try, in North Carolina, having once reported ad-'
vcrsely to the printing of the safrio, because if ap-
peared, from the letter of i ho Secretary of the Navy
accompanying it, that no legislation is contem-
plated, find now, accompanying the papers, a let-
ter from a member of the House Committee on
Military Affairs, stating that the information is
necessary for that committee, and therefore direct
me to report m favor of printing the usual num-
ber.
The repoit was concurred in.
Mr. FiTCIJ, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy, communica-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, copies of the correspondence and other papers
relating to the naval depot atBIythe Island, Geor-
gia, reported m favor^f printing the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, of January 29,1859, with-
out the accompanying documents; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the message from
the President of the United States, transmitting
a report of the Secretary of State, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 4th ultimo,
requesting the President to communicate, if in
his opinion it be not incompatible with the pub-
lic interests, any correspondence with the Gov-
ernment of Peru, or its agents, on the subject of
trade in guano; and all information which may
tend to explain the manner in which said trade is
regulated; and whether such regulations have not
the effect unduly to enhance the price of guano to
the consumer, or to deprive vessels navigating,
under the flag of the United States of the fair and
equal competition with those of other nations,
guarantied by the treaty with Peru, of the 19th
of July, 1852; and, if so, whether any, and what,
regulation is expedient to counteract the effect of
such regulations, reported in favor of printing
the usual number; and the report was agreed to.
RAILWAY ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote taken yesterday, by which
the avenue railroad bill was rejected. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate, they may take the vote
now. I do not desire to discuss it. I would
rather the bill should pass in some i?hape than
not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
LEASE OF A COURT-HOUSE.
Mr. HAMMOND asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 77) authorizing the marshal of
the district of South Carolina to rent a certain
building; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMMOND. That resolution has re-
ceived the approbation of the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and I presume there
will be no objection to it. I ask that it be con-
sidered and passed at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tho joint resolution, which directs the Secretary
of the Interior to instruct the United States mar-
shal for the district of South Carolina to lease
the building in which the circuit court now holds
its sessions for the term of five years.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that tho President had this day approved and
signed the following acts and resolutions:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Olivier Landry, of Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of Henry Hubbard;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Ambroise Brou, of
the parish of St. Charles, State of Louisiana;
A bill to authorize the Attorney General to rep-
resent tho United States in the proceedings in
equity now pending in the Supreme Court be-
tween the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and
the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plan-
tations;
A resolution for the payment of an unexpended
balance to the State of Georgia on account of
militia services;
A bill for the relief nf C. Edward Habicht, ad-
ministrator of J. W. P. Lewis;
A bill to provide for the paymentof the claims
of the State of Maine for expenses incurred by
that State in organizing a regiment of volunteers
for the Mexican war; and
A resolution for changing the plan of the cus-
tom-house at Galveston, in the State of Texas.
And, on the 8th instant, an actgranting the right
of way over, and depot grounds on, the military
reserve at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan,
for military purposes.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
Ry Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 868) grant-
ing a pension to Robert Purchase, a soldier of the
revolutionary war.
CANADIAN RECIPROCITY.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senate to consider a
resolution which I submitted on the 27th of Jan-
uary, and which was laid over, under the rule; to
which, I think, there will be no objection. It is
a resolution relating to the reciprocity treaty.
