806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed,
when considering the revision of the tariff, or any revenue
bill during the present session, to inquire whether the in-
creased duties lately ievied by the British Government for
the-Canadas upon all articles not enumerated in the sched-
ule of free articles in the treaty between the United States
and Great Biitam, siirned at Washington, on the 5th day of
June, 1854, known as the reciprocity treaty with the Brit-
ish Provinces, onerous upon all such articles exported from
the United Srates to Canada, and on many articles amount-
ing to piohibmoty are not inconsistent with the t-pint and
the.principles upon which the said treaty was entered into
by the high contracting Power?; whether any, and what,
eountervailingduties or regulations will he proper as a rem-
edial measure; and whether notice to teimmate the treaty
on the earliest day authorized by its stipulations ought not
to be given.
The resolution was adopted.
LAND DISTRICT IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to call up the bill S. No. 333. It relates to -a
local matter in Minnesota; and if it is not passed
soon, it will not be acted on in the other House
this session. It has the approval of the Depart-
ment and of the committee, and will cause no
discussion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 333) forestabhshing an ad-
ditional land district m the State, of M innesota.
'It proposes to enact, that all that portion of the
public lands in the State of Minnesota lying: be-
tween the northern boundary of the State of Iowa
and the line which divides townships one hundred
and six and one hundred and seven, north of the
fifth principal meridian,and west of the range line
dividing ranges twenty-one and twenty-two, shall
constitute a new land district, to be called the
Blue Earth district*, and it will authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a register and
receiver of the public moneys foi the new disti ict,
who shall respectively be required to reside at the
site of their offices, and who shall have the same
powers, perform the same duties,and be entitled
to the same compensation, as are, or may be, pre-
scribed. by law in relation to other Kind officers of
the United States. The President is also to be
authorized to cause the public lands in the dis-
trict, with the exception of such as have been, or
may be, reserved for other purposes, to be ex-
posed to sale, ju the sume manner, and upon the
same terms and conditions, ns the other public
lands of the United States: and the President is
to be authorized to designate the location of the
offices forthe new district, and to change the same
whenever, m his opinion, the public good shall
seem to require it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed lor a tluid
reading, lead the thud time, and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL,
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the S< ■nate to tnke up
the bill from the House'of Representatives, male- j
ing apptopnations for light-houses, buoys, &c., j
which was reported from the Committee on Com- i
merce at the lust session. i
Mr. FITCH. I must insist on making reports. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are j
in order under the iule. j
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 wish to say that I do not
ask for the consideration of the bill now, and do
not want to interrupt other public business; but
I shall be very glad if the Senate will tulce it up,
and indulge me by fixing some hour m the morn-
ing when it can be disposed of; say to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock,
Mr..SLiDELL. . I object to making any special >
order. j
Mr. FITCH. T wish to make some reports. I
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 do not understand that it is :
in the, power of the gentleman to object to my i
submitting a motion. ^
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Maine that petitions
and reports are fit st in order under the rules, and,
if insisted on, the Chair must first receive them.
The Chair understood the Senator from Indiana
to insist on his right to make a report under that
rule.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Louisiana
made the objection. I was not disposed to object
to the motion being made.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to give notice to the
Senate that I shall'call up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in relation to the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Indiana, to-morrow, to
be disposed of. I presume it is a privileged mat-
ter.' 1 mention this in order that there may be
no special order made that will call on my cour-
tesy to abandon it; for I shall certainly call it up
to-morrow. It is proper that it should be dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine moves to take up the bill (H. R. No.
550) making appropriations for light-houses, life-
boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erection
and establishment of the same, and for other pur-
poses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now I want to postpone it
to some time which will be convenient to the Sen-
ate, and which will not interfere with other public
measures. The Senator from Delaware says that
he will to-morrow call up the question relating to j
the Indiana Senators. That is a question of pnv- ;
liege, and it would override any special order. I, !
therefore, certainly do not wish to fix to-morrow j
for the consideration of this bill, because the Sen- ■
ator's motion would be in order in preference to j
mine. I will therefore suggest Monday next, at ,
half past twelve o'clock. j
Mr. CLAY. I suggest to the Senator to say I
Saturday. This is a small bill, and we can pass j
it without difficulty in less than half an hour. I
Mr. HAMLIN. Has not Saturday been as- j
signed foi District business? j
Mr. CLAY. No, sir. ' I
Mr. HAMLIN. I would agree to the day sug- i
gested by the Senator from Alabama with great ,
pleasure, but I am afraid the District committee 1
will crowd us out. I would rather have Monday, i
["Oh,no."] Well, 1 will say Saturday at half *
past twelve o'clock; and that will not interfere
with District business. ;
The motion was agreed fo; and the bill was i
postponed to, and made the special order for, ;
Satuiday next, at hall past twelve o'clock. j
DAILY HOUR OF MEETING. !
Mr. FITCH. I wish to call up two resolu- !
tfons offered by myself yesterday from the Print- 1
ing Committee,-on the subject of the mechanical j
report of the Patent Office. I would thank the |
Secretary to lead them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask my friend from In- |
diana to allow them to lie over a moment, and |
let me call up a resolution which I ottered yester- [
day, to fix the hour of meeting at eleven o'clock. ;
By adopting that resolution, we can get through 1
some more business in the few days left of the j
session. j
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection, I do not !
, know that there is any very gteat haste in this |
I matter of printing the mechanical portion of the
Patent Office report, but we must have action on
; the subject soon, or we shall have no report; 1
i care not which.
| The PRESIDENTpro tempore* The Senator
j from Louisiana moves to take up the following
| lesoluuon:
j Resolved, That hereafter the Senate meet daily at eleven
> o'clock, a. m.
j The motion to take up was agreed to, and the
j Senate proceeded to consider the resolution.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
i would suggest to the Senator from Louisiana to
' insert the words " during the residue of the pres-
1 ent session."
! Air. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to that;
| I accept tin- modification.
; Mr. DAVIS. It will bo impossible for me to
! perform the duties devolved on me as one member
i of the body, out of the Senate Chamber, if we
' meet at eleven o'clock. In addition to the ordi-
| nary duties of committees, (and. they were not
, light,) the Senate have very recently imposed on
! me an investigation m regard to a matter which
1 occurred m California. It will be quite impossible
i to continue that investigation, oi indeed to dis-
' charge the ordinary committee duties devolved on
me, if we meet at eleven o'clock.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to discuss
this matter, but merely to call the attention qf the
I Senate to the fact that there remain to us but
! eighteen or twenty days now for the entire busi-
ness of the session. Hardly .anything has yet
been done. There are, no doubt, some of us who
will be forced to be absent for a portion of the
morning in our committee-rooms; but this is no
unusual occurrence, even when the Senate meets
at twelve o'clock. Although I would be very
much gratified to have the Senator from Missis-
sippi present always, I think each of us in turn
will have to be absent during the course of the
session to get through with committee business;
but the Senate ought to be sitting now from eleven
o'clock in the morning, in order to have a pros-
pect of avoiding an extra session.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the word " hereafter," and
inserting: " on and after Monday next."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not resist that mod-
ification.
Mr. HALE. I can only say, in addition to what
has been said by the Senator from Mississippi,
that it is utterly impossible, for gentlemen who
are on committees that have anything to do, to
devote any time in committee without neglecting
j their duties here in theSenate. The Committee
| on the Post Office ancTPost Roads have meetings
| rrow two or three times a week; but if this reso-
lution be adopted we shall have no time at all. I
think, if we can at all (I should be very willing
1 to take my part) adopt a sort of self-denying
oidinance, and restrain our disposition to talk in
the Senate—I say we, for I am ready to take my
part of it—wc can get through a great deal better
j by coming here at twelve o'clock, and votmgand
j doing business, rather than coming here ateieven
r o'clock.
! The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The resolution,
! as modified, wiii be read.
j The Secretary read it, as follows:
R'^olved, That on and after Monday next, forthe residue
I of the present session, the Senate meet daily at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
The resolution was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 43, noes 14.
THE TARIFF.
The hour having arrived for the consideration
of the special order, the Senate resumed the con-
sideration of the following lesolutton, submitted
by Mr. Bigler on the 31st of January:
Resolved, As* the opmron of the Senate, that the creation
of a large public debt in tune of peace is inconsistent wuh
the tiue policy of the United States; and a-tne present
revenue*- aie ins^icicnt to meet the unavoidable expenses
of the Government, Congiesss should proceed, without do-
lay. t<"> so readjust the revenue lawv a.-= riot only to meet the
deficit in thecurient expense?, but to pay olf tiie present
debt so tar as it may be liable to immediate cancellation.
| Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the resolution
! just read at your table seemingly asserts a truism;
| though it is only seemingly, for there is not a
] single sound principle asserted in it in its broadest
t terms. The first branch of the resolution declares
; that " the creation of a large public debt in time
I of peace is inconsistent with the true policy of
j the United S.ates." Large and small are relative
i terms. If that portion of the resolution intends
| simply to say that it is a wise policy to meet the
I ordinary expenses of every Government by its
J ordinary revenue, it receives my hearty assent;
| but the converse of the proposition equally meets
j my assent—that extraordinary expenses, or even
| ordinary expenses, which cannot be raised by the
i ordinary revenue on account of transient causes,
j should be met by extraordinary means.
, It will be conceded^I take it, even by the Sen-
i ator from Pennsylvania himself, that it would be
| unwise to change a revenue system, especially
j when that system was based upon duties on im-
ports, and yet more especially when those duties
on imports were ievied upon the principle of ad
valorems, because there was a casual or accidental
deficiency in the revenue to meet the ordinary
expenses,unless itcould be shown that the causes
winch produced the reduction were of that per-
manent and enduring nature that were likely to
produce for a considerable time a deficiency be-
tween the expenditures arid the revmiue. With
that qualification, I accept it; but the Senator's
resolution asserts it without any qualification at
all, and therefore asserts it erroneously. It is
exceedingly wise to meet extraordinary circum-
stances by extraordinary means; and it is very
unwise to raise the revenue, no matter howlevicd,
to meet temporary deficiencies. This becomes
very important under our system. Our taxes aie
