THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session*.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1859.
New Series....No. 57.
mainly raised by customs; they are raised upon
the pnnciple of advalorems; they are affected by
the quantity of consumption and the price of the
article consumed; and therefoie everything that
affects consumption, or affects the puce abroad,
necessarily diminishes the revenue or increases it.
Hence, I say, you might be compelled to vote a
tariff as you do an annual appiopriation bill, as-
suming the piinciple laid down by the Senium
from Pennsylvania to be a correct one; bull deny
the truth of it.
The second branch of the resolution, which is
the impoitant one, asserts '* tha.t the present lev-
enueft are insufficient to meet the unavoidable
expenses of the Governmentand that, there-
fore, il Congress should proceed, without delay,
to so readjust the levenue laws, as not only to
meet the deficit in the current expenses, but to
pay off the present debt so faras it nmy be liable
to immediate cancellation." The honoiable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania does not say that these
expanses are necessary; he does not say that the
present basis of expenditure is proper; he does
not say that it is wise; ho does not say tlmt the
public mteiests require it, but that it is " unavoid-
able;'' that it cannot be avoided. He says that
an expenditure of seventy, seventy-five, or eighty
million dollars for the ordinary wants of this
Government, is unavoidable. I take issue with
him. 1 say such a rate of expenditure is neither
necessary,nor proper,nor wise,and that it ought
lobe avoided; and I think 1 shall succeed in
showing honorable gentlemen who may choose
to follow me m the diy details which 1 shall pie-
sent, that it is not only unavoidable, but that it
ought to be avoided; that it is the duty of every
Senator here to lop off many of these expenses.
I intend further, in this discussion, to show that
the tariff of 1857 will bring-us all the revenue ne-
cessary for the proper and economical adminis-
tration of this Government, and promises to do
so for long years to come,
I believe the Senator from Pennsylvania has
not enlightened us on any poition of the public
expenditures, lie seems to assume their una-
voidabiluy. He tells us what the estimates are,
and he seems to considerthat the estimates of the
Departments based on law, and without law, aie
as fixed as the laws of the Medes and Persians,
and that there is no power in the Legislature of this
country to modify, limit, or restrain, or in any
other mode contioi, the expenses of this Govern-
ment. if that be a sound principle, the Senator
is right. If it be an unsound principle, 1 will show
him that tiieie is no necessity, in the existing state
of tilings in this country, for combining our ex-
penditures at the present basis, and that the pres-
ent tariff will produce ample revenue for propej'ly
carrying on this Government.
How shall we proceed to ascertain this fact ? I
propose to avail myself of the experience of the
past, of the lights of the present, and of the
shadows of the future. If we look to the expend-
itures of this Government for the five years pre-
ceding the 30th of June, 1857, we find that a iev-
enue less than the estimates of the receipts for
3859—60, was ample; and those for the next fiscal
year are the only estimates which need concern
this Congress now; for no other deficiency can
be supplied except by loan. We cannot supply
a deficiency for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1859; nobody proposes that; and, besides, the
Secretary of the Treasuxy reports to us that there
will be, at the end of this fiscal year, an actual sur-
plus of $>7,000,000, provided we keep up the ex-
isting debt, do not pay any of it, but keep it afloat,
either by the reissue of Treasury notes or by con-
verting it into a permanent loan, or using the pub-
he erf (lit in any c^her mode that Congress may
deem proper. There is no deficiency for the pies-
ont year, even with the present large and increas-
ing expenditures m the public servcc. For the
five years preceding the 30'h of June, 1857, itap-
pears, by the tables which 1 have before me, that
with a levenue loss than the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for lectipts undui the
tariff of 1S57, fox the next flsr \1 yar, namely,
j $56,000,000, we not only carried on the ordinary
1 operations of this Government; we notonlypaid
i all our legitimate expenses; but we actually paid
■ off $45,000,000 of the public debt contracted in the
Mexican war, and turned over to the existing Ad-
' ministration a am plus? of $17,000,000.
i Now, sir, what is there m the present condi-
I tion of the eounhy that requires an increase ? I
have taken the five years preceding the 30th of
June, 1857, as a fair test. We are sometimes
■ told that the country is enlarged, but we have not
acquired a single aejo m that tune. The last ac-
quisition by tieaty was, i believe1, bv the treaty
, of Hidalgo Guadalupe, on the 4th of July, 1848,
i nearly eleven yeaisago.
I Mr. UEX.lAMIJNT. We have since acquired
- Arizona.
Mr.TOOMliS. I had forgotten the $10,000,000
1 for the Gadsden purchase, which was paid out of
the accruing revenues, m addition to this large
; payment of $45,000,000 foi the public debt, dur-
, mg those five years. A revenue of from fifty-
; five to sixty million dollais, dunng that period,
: not only paid the ordinary expenditures of the
{ Government, which, I shall show by the official
;repoits of Mr." Guthrie, did not then exeeed
i $48,000,000, but left a iargc balance to beappro-
' p-iated to extraoidmury expenditures—to the pay-
| ment of the debt of the Mexican war; to the Texas
1 settlement; to the payment for Arizona. Finding
that the ordinary expenditmes, even on an en-
i larged scale, weie §18,000,000, the Govemnu nt
! carrie to us in 1857, and thiough Mr. Guthne, its
I puncipal officei, said, the icvenue ou^ht to be
: reduced; there is nothing m the next five years
i that promises that you will need mote money
j then, than you have m the last five; expeuence
| has shown that §48,000,0(10 is ample for oi dmary
| purposes; here are large surpluses, inducing e\-
| travagance; bring down the icvenue. It was done
i by the tariff of 1857.
! This was not done m daikness; it was not done
| without consideration. This change in the rcv-
| emu; laws was effected by the dehbeiate coop^ia-
1 tion of the Ext cutivu Gov eminent then in power,
aml#!>y the deliberate sanction of the Senate and
' J louse of Representatives, the 1 Ton so bei tig largely
: in opposition, and the Senate being largely in the
support of the Administration. That measure, on
j this floor, received the support of every Senator
j but eight, and of two thirds of the House of Rep-
j lesentatives; and, therefore, it was a measure not
effected by party; it was a measure not influenced
i by any sectional feelings; because Massachusetts
| and South Carolina, generally considered the ex- ■
i ponents of the extreme ideas at the two ends of
I tiie Union, combined and voted for that bill in 1
! this body; and, I think, also in the other branch '
; of Congress.
j We did not propose, in the tariff of 1857, to
1 cripple any branch of the public service. 1 do not :
. propose now to cripple any branch of the public
' sou vice. 1 do not propose to reduce public ex-
; penditure because this great countiy is unable to
: pay taxes. I am prepared to cany the. public
[ expenditures not only to fifty, but to eighty, to
j one hundred, or to one hundred and fifty million,
' or any other amount that may be necessary for .
1 legitimate objects under the Constitution, that are '
i truly and justly for the real benefit of the coun-
! try. Our people are able to pay all the necessary
• and legitimate expenses of the Government; they 1
i are able to put upon the most efficient basis every ,
; branch of the public service commuted to your
j charge by the Constitution of the United States;
; therefore my economy does not lead me toh ssen,
■ diminish, \vs aken, or crippje any arm of the pub-
lic service. That is not my economy; but because
; we have a great and a rich and powerful people,
i 1 desire to keep them so. I desiie that the Gov-
ernment shall confine itself to its legitimate ob-
. jects, not only with a view of saving their money,
I "winch is a leal and important object, (for it oughi
. to stay where it belongs,) but for the higher and
' better reason of not con up ling the very fountains
, of political power, and pit paring foi the future,
' bv rmiking ',he cou ntrv gre it and powejfui and
11 happ^—preparing for any emergency that may
| arise in peace or in war.
When we reduced the taxes in 3 S57, it was upon
|i the avowed principle in both Houses-—the declar-
:j ation made by my honorable friend from Virginia,
jj [Mr. Huxter,] and by myself, from these seats,
'j was—that we did not expect to get more than
i §50,000,000 under that tariff, until, in the course
; of years, by the increase of production and the in-
i crease of exportation, there should he a corres-
i, ponding increase of importations. It was not then
; expnied to yield more than $50,000,000 from cus-
tonis. The House passed it with that uuderstand-
i] nig. The Senate passed it with that understand-
j; nig. The country accepted it with that under-
standing. It received an almost unanimous support
j| on the understanding that $50,000,000 from e.us-
i toms was enough, and Mr. Guthrie recommended
it to us on that basis. I read from the finance re-
' port of Mr. Guthrie for 1855-5G, page 12. After
. pioposing various reductions, Mr. Guthrie says:
'flii-s, upon the impend of last \ fir, would reduce the
,j revenue to about tiltv million doliat-, honi customs, which,
■ with the icmpts tioin the public land.-, is divined rdi-?uf
ficient lor the neee-^.in re(]uueiiieiit> ot the Government;
the avenge expenditures foi the hist five years, excluding
ilie public debt and tho jj'io.ouo.out) paid undei the tic.ity
|i with Mex'en, litivnti? hut little exceeded foity eight milium
JI dollar. 1 f. in fimue vcaif. there should be menee-ed de-
l| niaml- on the Government, the revenue i'tom cu-tom- may
. he expected to inete.w\ as to meet thorn without 'h(5
', impo-mon oi aildiIion.il duties; hut, if not, tlie piopra a of
I; t uation will then b x lui the consideration of the conMituted
'. authoi ilies ^
jj Our attention was culled to it by the Executive
! Government. They said here is a plethora; wc
j have paid ordinary and extraordinary expenses;
!; and (hero is still a surplus; reduce taxes." We
i1 did it. All these results were achieved under a
. revenue less than the existing tariff is estimated
; to produce by the present Secretary of theTreas-
, ury. How, then, can my honorable friend from
; Pennsylvania say that the present expenditure is
j unavoidable > It was avoided bv the. last Adnnn-
'istiation. Then jt was $48,000,000; and it was
. far from being on an economical basH. There was
j then room foi retrenchment to the extentof more
,j than ten million dollars; and even upon the hb-
! era!, not to say extiavagant, basis of the last Ad-
j| n)!iiistiation,^4.-s,0U0,000 is ample to carry on the
i Government. What new clement of expense is
- thrown in' What new necessity ? Our powers
,i are the sasne; our duties are the same. We have
'I had no war. As for the ordinary Indian wars that
| we are having, we have had thenieveiy year for
, the last thn ty years. We have had no naval war.
■ I Wo have had nothing that called necessarily for
! increased expenditures in the last two years. I
know that increased expenses have been incurred;
but no man can show that they have been neces-
sarily inclined. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
| in his speech of an hourand a half,failed to show
| a public necessity for an increase of one dime he-
j yond the avi.ige expenses of the five years pre-
i ceding June 30,1857. ile veiy conveniently as-
l sumed an unavoidnbifity. He very conveniently
j assumed that we could not escape it. lie seemed
, desirous not to escape it. llo represented to us
' that his constituents were oppressed; that Penn-
I sylvama was demanding—what ? What was she
! demanding ; Increased taxation. He, the lepre-
i sentative of one of the great States of this Union,
1 told us that her laboi, her industiy, was pros-
i trate; and the only means which he proposed for
1 her alleviation was to impose additional busdens
j on the backs of her people and the lemamdcr of
the people of the United States.
Mr. President, that was not the old idea of tax-
ation. Long b«foiv the decree went out from
C.-esar th.i* ah the world should be taxed, the peo-
i pie who paid taxes had hated taxatum. Oiu rev-
olutiorifHy fathas fought agaii^t taxation. But.
the repr-'s-mtafi^c of Pennsyiv-una demands in
her behalf an increase of j.ubhe taxet: no, I will
not say Pennsylvania, tor j do noiuggregate men ;
and I would by no ine.-us h-dd that oid C3ommon-
xvealth liable for all !h" triois of those \vhom she
may t-end here, no m. trei vJietiicr they aie on
f.n- yi'le of LI e lion-1" or th" other.
