276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 17,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Death of Hon. Thomas L. Harris—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
any knowledge of his family, raising him step by
step* because of the merit and patriotism which
he exhibited, to all the distinctions which it was
in their power to confer—a beautiful tribute to
the fraternity which binds the American people
together, and to the Constitution, which gives
equality of privilege and immunity to the citizen
of each State who may choose to reside in an-
other. His last political office was that of a mem-
ber of Congress. It was in that position that he
became associated with us here. He was always
active, always laborious. He addressed himself
to the useful labors of the body of which he was
a member. He sought not to render himself con-
spicuous by frequently appearing in debate, nor
by delivering studied orations; but he addressed
himself to the useful labors of the committee-room
and the current business of the House of which
he was a member.
From my intercourse with members of the
House of which he was a member, I feel that I
hazard little in saying that he has left behind him
the respect even of his political opponents; that
all who knew him well, marked in his death the
loss of a faithful public servant. Earnest, he
pursued his duties with undiminished exertion,
though his health was impaired and life was
steadily waning away; and thus he continued to
devote himself to the constant labors of his posi-
tion, until, at the close of the session, he left the
seat of Government in enfeebled health, returned
to his home, and there, in the midst of his fam-
ily, he died, as a ship that has ridden out many
a storm, and at last goes down in the calm of a
summer sea. Thus he passed away from earth
to eternity, and left a reputation which all who
value integrity, patriotism, and usefulness, will
not fail to hold up to the rising generation as an
object for their emulation.
His taste led him very early to pay attention to
military affairs, and connected him with the mi-
litia of the State of Mississippi. He was the
captain of a company which has maintained its
organization down to the present day, a*nd its
name still continues in the town of his former
residence. He was a general of the militia, and
took such special interest in all that advanced it
that he is considered, and I think justly, as the
father of the present militia system of our State.
When the war with Mexico began, the same ten-
dency to military affairs wiiich lie had exhibited
on another sphere led him to olfui his services to
the Government. He was appointed a general
of volunteers, and joined the army of General
Taylor, who, with that discriminating judgment
which exhibited itself upon so many occasions,
selected him from among those who were at head-
quarters at Camargo, as one who should accom-
pany the advance column to Monterey. In the
siege and storming of that place he was conspicu-
ous; and exhibited, as on after occasions, the
mtutiul spirit and aptitude for military affairs of
which his previous career gave promise.
Not the least interesting characteristic of the
American people is the capacity which has been,
in so many instances, manifested to pass from
one pursuit to another, so that a single individ-
ual treads all the paths of human distinction.
The deceased was lawyer, planter, statesman,
soldier, and prominently successful in each.
After the seige and capitulation of Monterey,
and when, by the decision ot our General Govern-
ment, the plan of campaign was changed, so that,
instead of advancing directly fiom that point into
Mexico, the port of Vera Cruz was adopted as
the base of operations, and the main force sent
thither, General Quitman was transferred from
the command of General Taylor, and passed to
that of General Scott. Thus he served in the
campaign of the valley of Mexico, gathering dis-
tinction as wide as his employment was various.
In one expedition he commanded the whole of
the land forces. He at last arrived at the city of
Mexico, and there established the high military
reputation which will descend as a rich inherit-
ance to his family. It was his good fortune to
be distinguished in various battles before the city.
If was his special fortune to lead the column
which first entered the capital, and receive the
surrender of the citadel of the place.
Peace, with Us blessings, being restored to our
country, he, not being a soldier by profession,
returned to his former pursuits, and thus remained
until he became a member of Congress, and served
with us at the other end of the Capitol.
In youth and in age he bore a love of repre-
sentative liberty, which developed itself in vari-
ous forms. Itwas this which led him, when the
Texans were struggling to achieve their independ-
ence, to go with a company and unite his fortunes
with theirs in the darkest hour of their revolu-
tionary trials. His career there was not eventful,
circumstances having thrown him out of coopera-
tion with that army which fought the main battle
and achieved the independence of Texas. It is an
instance, however, of his readiness to sacrifice his
own ease and interest for a cause which he be-
lieved to demand his exertions; and thus, I think,
his services have been gratefully remembered by
the people of Texas.
Jn after years, when we believed, and had rea-
son to believe, that a people oppressed by despot- |
ism were struggling to be free in Cuba, he con-.;
nected himself with movements which were de- [
signed to aid them in their effort. He has himself j
explained, far better than I could, his views in j
relation to such conduct, by the able speech which
he made in the House of Representatives on the
neutrality laws. To those who may not agree
with him in his conclusions, to those who may
dissent from him in the opinions which he enter-
tained, and upon which, to some extent, he acted,
I have only to say that to us, at least, it is a sufficient
apology that whatever error existed arose from
an excess of that love for representative liberty
which the American education strongly incul-
cates. We have been reared from our infancy to
turn to the names of De Kalb and Kosciusko,
and Pulaski and La Fayette, with grateful ven-
eration—men who left their country to join our
fathers when they bore the name of rebels, and
whose swords were weighed in the balance when
their fate and our inheritance was decided. I have
said it was not my purpose to speak in the lan-
guage of culogium, 01 attempt to give a history
of the deceased; and with this brief allusion to
that which may be in some minds the subject of
criticism, I leave the subject.
In politic? he belonged to what is known as the
State-rights stiict-construction school. He fol-
lowed it in the various phases and names which it
has borne. Mr. Calhoun was the light and guide
of his youth; and when he occupied a seat in the
House of Representatives he endeavored—I leave
others to say if he did not successfully endeavor
—to follow in the path of that great political lu-
minary. I will not, upon an occasion like this,
attempt to defend—of course it is not expected
that I should attempt to justify—the creed which
he entertained, and which is also my own; I al-
lude to it because it is part of the public history
of the deceased, as a logical deduction from the
character ascribed to him. Suffice it to say, that
he was of those who believed that all power ema-
nated from, and permanently resided in, the peo-
ple; who held that government existed alone by
the consent of those over whom itwas established;
that compacts for the delegation of functions must
he rigidly construed to entitle them to popular
respect; and that, within this limit, a people who
enter into an obligation are bound to adhere to it
to the last jot and tittle. Out of these elements
was wrought the political creed which he always
avowed, and which 1 have ascribed to him.
Duty to his country marked his career, both
military and civil. Duty! The word which, in
the American as in the English character, always
occupies the first position in the history of those
who have most honored their country. We are
not a people captivated by splendor; whom the
mantle of glory dazzles so as to blind us to the
obligations imposed upon States and individuals,
and even covers failure of duty. Ours, I trust, is
long to remain a Government of justice and a |
people among whom success cannot redeem crime; i j
from whom even a general who would violate the
Constitution under which he held his commission ,
could not receive an ovation, though lie brought
with him, from a triumphant campaign, the rcj.re- i
sentatives of twenty conqueied provinces. Duty !
the great watchword of an American statesman,
the regard for which is the first prerequisite of
those who hold official trusts under our form of
government, whether their functions be legisla-
tive, judicial, or executive. In this devotion to
duty, as I have before suggested, he passed the
last days of his life, and fell a victim to it: sadly
impressing us with the fact that—
"The paths of glory lead but to the grave."
Faithful to his country, endeared to his friends,
respected by his neighbors, language fails me to
express the tender and exemplary relation which
he bore to his family. He closed a long life of
public usefulness, having impressed upon those
who knew him best the conviction that every day
made him but more and more necessary, not to
his family only, but to his country also. His
mission was closed, and life's fitful fever was
ended, on the 17th of July, 1858. He died leav-
ing behind him that good name without which
" glory is but a tavern song."
DEATH OF HON. THOMAS L. HARRIS.
REMARKS OF HON. JEFF. DAVIS,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, January 17, 185&.
[revised by himself.*]
A message was received from the House of Representa-
tives announcing the death ofHon. Thomas L. Harris, a
member of the House of Representatives from the State of
Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. President: It is the custom of our body,
upon the announcement of the death of one of our
brethren, either of this Chamber or the other, that
the fact should be noticed,not merely by those
who belong to the same geographical section, or
who hold very near political or personal relations
to the deceased, but that it should also be re-
sponded to by those who occupied other rela-
tions. It is a usage worthy to be preserved. It
speaks to the heart and to the mind of that which
makes us really one people—fraternity. It speaks
also to history of that which, I trust, is long to
remain, such good understandingamong members
of Congress as secures the cooperation of men
from every portion of our wide-expanded coun-
try, for the one great object, the common good of
the whole. It belongs, also, to the civilization of
the age, that while we raise the little heap over
the remains of the departed, we should smooth
every trace of controversy which has existed in
life, and leave the grave to bear only the flowers
of affection and the cyprcss of sorrow.
But mine, sir, is not the performance of merely
a formal task. I come bringing the heart's offer-
ing. Such is my contribution to the pile which
affection and justice are rearing to the memory of
the deceased.
Each revolving year but impresses me more
and more with the sense of obligation for benefits
received, and the inadequacy of the return I have
been able to make to my fellow-men for the kind-
ness which they have bestowed. To the de-
ceased 1 am indebted for services which friend-
ship only gives—a friendship which I had no
right to claim or even to expect from him; ser-
vices rendered on more than one occasion, and
rendered, too, when it was least likely I should
ever know it. It is with me a matter of deep re-
gret that I never sufficiently manifested to him
the gratitude which I felt and feel. Language
would fail me if I were to attempt to express all
that I believe to be a just tribute to his memory.
My heart feels what my tongue cannot express.
If it be permitted to friends in the land of the de-
parted to note the acts of those they have left be-
hind, I trust the cordial tribute which I offer to
his memory will not he unwelcome to his spirit.
Truly has our path of late been strewn with
monitors of the vanity of life's toils and troubles.
One after another, m quick succession, we have
been called upon to mourn the loss of those who
have been connected with us in the labors of le-
gislation; and as we look back on the vacated
seats of even the most distinguished, are we not
solemnly warned how ephemeral are all our ef-
forts, how vain are the cares which engross the
* For the original icport, see Cong. Globe, page 407.
