1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
is this: when public lands are offered for sale, the
preemptioner must pay; until you offer them for
sale, lie may live there for twenty-five years,
and never have to pay. That is what the post-
ponement means, and nothing else. You might
settle every quarter section in Iowa or Minnesota
or Wisconsin, and until the Government offered
it for sale, and thereby compelled the preemp-
tioner to pay up, it would never bring a dollar
into the Treasury, unless the settlement was on
lands open to private entry, at $1 25 an acre. All
the money, or nearly all, we got from the pu' lie
lands last year was from those lands which were
subject to entry at §1 25; but as I said before, we
have sixty or eighty million of the best lands, that
have been surveyed and notbrought into market.
It is true, the more settlers, the less they bring,
because they take the advantageous positions.
They will take the town sites; they will take mill
sites; they will take river fronts; but at public
sale there will be competition. I have attended
land sales in the South, and seen them bring from
seventy to eighty dollars an acre. I saw them,
in 1836, in Mississippi, bring from twenty to
thirty dollars an acre. There was competition
immediately on the extinguishment of the Indian
title, and all the lands were taken up. The de-
sirable lands were not taken up there by preemp-
tioners, at $1 25. As for speculators, that does
not affect it "in the slightest degree. Who are
speculators? In some of the new States I have
had interests; I have been in them; I have bought
in them, and sold in them. 1 have been what you
might call a speculator, in Texas mostly; not !
very much in other States. But I have in some |
of the other States; I have bought land in Ark- j
ansas and Mississippi. I
Mr. SHIELDS. And lost by it? [
Mr. TOOMBS. No; not a cent. The objection i
in the new States is not to speculation, but they
want to change the speculators. The man who
settles and "puts his cabin on a quarter section,
and pays his §1 25 an acre, will sell it to you for
ten dollars. 1 have seen it done, and paid it. I ;
understand all about that, and so does everybody !
else; I understand the whole operation. I think \
the most desirable thing is to sell as much land '
as you can to actual settlers; but it is the duty of j
the Government, when they have charged the i
public Treasury with the expense of surveying j
sixty or eighty million acres of land, and we need ;
the money, to sell the land and get revenue from
that source. It is not done. We ought to sell at
least the public lands which wo have ready for j
sale, before going to the pockets of the people for
additional taxes. The public lands were given
to you by the States for the purpose of being sold
in order to lessen taxation; and as long as they |
belong to this Government, the legitimate purpose, j
the sworn duty, the absolute condition of the
grant, is, that they shall go in to the public Treas- '
ury to the relief of all the States, the grantors in-
cluded. That is the vciy language of many of j
the grants of the different States, my own among
the rest.
I know the Senator from Pennsylvania, some 1
how or other, threw out the idea that there was
some sort of advantage that somebody got—prob-
ably the South—from the public lands, and that
Pennsylvania, some way or other, was deprived
of her part. There is nothing in that idea at all. ;
So far as Georgia is concerned, we ceded Ala- ,
bama and Mississippi, and they have brought
$160,000,000 into the Treasury. I do not con- !
sider that she did anything wrong in making the |
grant, or that Virginia did in making her grant;
for, notwithstanding those who held the land op- j
posed it, I always thought the principle Maryland ;
maintained was right, that the wild and vacant
and unappropriated land, which was won by the
swoid of the common country from its common
sovereign, ought to inure to its general benefit;
and, therefore, I always approved the Georgia
grant, and approved the grant of Viigima. It
ought to have been a common fund, for the pur-
poseof meeting the common burdensof a common
struggle; and, therefore, the special appropriation
ofit to particular States, in myjudgment, was not
best, and hence I heartily approved of the ces-
sion; but how Pennsylvania has ever been in jured
by it, I cannot imagine;
Mr. BIGLER.. Will the Senator from Georgia
allow me a moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly did not state that
Pennsylvania was injured directly. The idea
which I presented was this: that this property
was the common property of all the States at the
time it was given to the States which I named for
railroad purposes; that it was a valuable donation
from the common Treasury. If the lands had
been converted into money, that money would
have gone into the Treasury, and answered to
pay the common expenses of the whole Govern-
ment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not know that the Sen-
ator had put it upon a thrice, yea, a ten-times-re-
futed idea. The grants that have been given for
railroads in the United States, and which have
been so much complained of, did not cost Penn-
sylvania, or Georgia, or any other State, a single
dime. You granted alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands along the line of those railroads within
a given distance, and raised the price of the re-
served sections to double the ordinary minimum;
and the actual result has been that they have
brought it. I say, then, this policy has not cost
Pennsylvania, or anybody else, a single dime;
and I think it was acting the part of the dog in
the manger to oppose it. For myself, I have
looked upon the public lands as a portion of the
public property, not at all distinguishable from
the public money in our use of it for internal im-
provements; but, when the General Government
had large wastes of lands which she could not
sell, which nobody would settle upon, on account
of the want of timber, and of water, and of the
means of transportation, it Was wise policy to
grant a portion of the lands to build an improve-
ment which would make the remainder worth
double the price at which they were held. It is
what I would do with my own property; and, to
the extent of my power, that is my rule of deal- !
ing with the public property. To the extent of'
my power, I deal with the public property with,
at least, all the stringency that I would with my
own, to secure the best advantage for the public
good. My general rule with my own property
is, to use it legitimately and honestly for my own
advantage; and I would act for the Government
on the same principle. I say Pennsylvania did
not lose a dime by these grants of land; but their
result must have been to multiply the demand for
coal and iron. A grea't many of these roads have
beeB built, and thereby have caused a greatly in-
creased demand for thatsterling and staple article,
which is now attracting so much general atten-
tion, especially in the good old State of Pennsyl-
vania.
I say, sir, that if the public lands which have
been recently surveyed—between sixty and eighty
million acres—were thrown into the market, as
they ought to have been before, there would not
now be a dollar of deficiency. Put your Post
Office Department, on its old basis; make it self-
sustaining as was provided by our fathers, and as
it was falsely and fraudulently said would be the
effect of the last icduction of postage; and there
would now be no deficiency. You have to make
a deficiency in the Treasury by bad policy, by
squandering the public means, in order to create
an excuse for taxation. That is the truth about
it. It takes the most profligate expenditures of
the legislative and executive branches of the
Government to work out, at the end of I860, even
with disastrous tunes, a deficiency of $4,000,000,
in order to present it to the American people, and
say the necessity for incieased taxation is inexo-
rable, unavoidable; bend your backs to new bur-
dens. Sir, I'll none of it, not an ounce.
I have shown you, sir, that there is properly
no deficiency, even upon the present basis. I have
shown you that, if there is an actual deficiency,
you may meet it by a single item alone, the public
lands; or you maymeet it byanother singleitem,
by making the Post Office stand where it ought
to do. Attend to either one of these properly,
and your present means will suffice for your ex-
penditures even on the present extravagant basis,
and provide a fund for the redemption of the debt
which you have incurred under extraordinary
•circumstances.
But, sir, suppose I am wrong in this branch of
the argument; suppose you are not satisfied that
, there is no necessary deficiency in the present
condition of the country; then, if the expenditures
' exceed tlie revenue, I propose to bring the ex-
I penditures within the revenue. My honorable
friend from Pennsylvania takes exactly the oppo-
site ground. He says the Government is in dis-
tress; the revenues are short; the people are out
of employment and distressed; and therefore he
will relieve the Government by putting new bur-,
dens on the backs of his constituents! I propose
to point out where the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment can be reduced, and brought far within
any estimate of receipts which may be made on
the existing sources of revenue. But he says,
" no; all our present expenditures are unavoida-
ble; give us taxes; taxes are the only relief that
old Pennsylvania wants in her present distressed
condition." She is not a beggar, says the hon-
orable Senator. I hope not, sir. If she is, she
is the most unwise beggar-I ever knew, for she
is begging for burdens, begging for taxes, beg-
ging for weights to be put upon her. Sir, I do
not believe it is her voice. If it is, I will protect
her in spite of herself, as far as the vote of one
man goes.
Now, sir, are the $73,000,000 of estimates for
the next fiscal year, to which the Senator from
Pennsylvania called our attention, necessary?
Will any man say that they are all necessary ex-
penses; that they are all proper expenses; that the
money is all to be expended to promote the inter-
est of a great and free people ? Nobody has said
so; but the advocates of taxation tell us we must
increase the revenue. Some say retrenchment is
with Congress; others say Congress can do noth-
ing without the Executive. The truth is, the
fault is with both; it is with the executive and
with the legislative departments. They have both
departed far from the true track. They have both
encouraged extraordinary, unnecessary, profli-
gate, and many of them corrupt, expenditures.*
We are sometimes told that the Executive does
nothing but expend what Congress appropriates.
I might reply that Congress does nothing but ap-
propriate what the Executive asks. A very large
proportion of the expenditures of the Depart-
ments are not, and never can be,regulated by law;
and it is precisely under this class of expendi-
tures that all your excess has grown up. There
■is no excess in the pay of the Army, no excess in
the pay of the Navy. That is regulated by law;
but show me a single item where there is a par-
ticle of discretion in any head of a Department,
or any subaltern, and I will show you an en-
largement of expenditures within the last ten
years. Go to the quartermaster's department of
the Army, and you will find that its expenditures,
which, eight or ten years ago, were two or three
million dollars, in time of peace, are now seven
or eight million. The officers will tell you not a
cent can be taken off. Go to the navy-yards;
take the expenditures there merely for building
houses and sea-walls, and the officers tell you not
a dime can be spared. Congress cannot tell
whether they are necessary or not; but just pick
up the items where you must really have infor-
mation on the Departments, and there you will
find whuie the Government has increased its ex- "
penditures from $48,000,000 to $80,000,000, and
there is the place to strike. If you want to find
out where to do it, these are two of the points. It
is true, the highest duty is that of the Executive
! Departments in carrying on the ordinary opera-
j tions of the Government. We ought to maintain
;; a navy; we ought to maintain an army; as long
1 as the law remains as it is, we must maintain a
■ Post Office Department; we must take some charge
! of the Indians; but it is the duty of the executive
officers, even if you have been unwittingly in-
duced to pass a bad law, a law that works badly,
that does not secuie responsibility, if it wastes the
public!'reasm-y, it is the duty annually of every
executive officer to present such a case to Con-
gress. They neglect their duty if there is a bad
dollar, a dirty shilling, expended by operation of
law, thatcould be honestly avoided.
Then when you come to the legislative depart-
ment, the responsibility is not on me, sir, not on
you; but upou the man that fails or refuses to
correct these extravagances. One of our great
j j difficulties is, that we act in a body, and there is
I no individual responsibility. For the last eight
Ij or ten years, the country has had tlie Presidents
;! made lor it, as my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
jl Johnson] said, by irresponsible bodies at Balti-
|| more and Cincinnati. The States have had Sen-
| ators made for them by caucuses; one man elected
jl because he had a great aversion for a negro, and
