278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
merely by the reserved fund but by the character
of the country through which he is to pass. He
begins at the western end to connect as soon as
he can with the Rio Grande, and he begins at the
eastern-end as soon as he can to get to the navi-
gable waters of the Pacific ocean.
The first question, it strikes me, which meets
us in the consideration of this subject, is the ne-
cessity for a railroad across the continent. If there
be no necessity for the railroad for Government
purposes; if it be merely to facilitate migration
across the continent, to encourage settlement
along the line of the road, without contributing
to the ends for which the Government was insti-
tuted, without enabling it to perform the duty
which was imposed upon it; without, I say, being
necessary to the execution of its duty, then I hold
there is no constitutional power to build it. There-
fore, in thefrontground with me, stands the ques-
tion, is the road necessary? I hold it to be essen-
tial in time of peace; essential forthat intercourse
which alone can hold the different parts of our
wide-expanded Republic together. Separated as
we are by an intermediate desert, fronting as we
do upon different oceans, looking out to the teem-
ing population of Asia on one side, and the active
people of Europe upon the other, it must ensue,
whenever our Pacific possessions are peopled,
that they will have different interests; they will
have an opposite commerce; and if they are re-
quired to come through a foreign country, to look
over impassable mountains, to learn here by what
laws they shall be governed; if our commerce is
to continue as separate, as opposite, as it will be
unless these two parts are more nearly linked to-
gether, the finger of destiny points inevitably to
a separation of these two parts of the United
States.
In the history of man, and history is said to be
philosophy teaching by example, we find no in-
stance where a country has maintained the integ-
rity of its territory if that territory is riven by a
chain of mountains. We find the warlike and
semi-barbarous hordes of Asia running over the
south of Europe; at one time a single military
hero covering ail the vast plains which lay be-
neath him; but soop we find those conquering le-
gions separating from the people from whom they
emanated, and in a short time the States they had
conquered again assuming the geographical limits
they had before the invasion. And so, at a more
modern period, Napoleon led victorious armies
over the Alps and over the Pyrennees; but those
barriers which the hand of nature had placed
again demanded the separation of the country
into its original parts; and soon after the conquest
we find Prance again reduced to the plains lying
between those mountain ridges, and there to-day
she stands as before her imperial conquests.
Thus inevitably do we reach the conclusion
that mountains divide a people. But we are not
divided merely by a mountain ridge, along each
base of which, and up tHe slopes of which, a
teeming population may hereafter live; we are
separated by a system of mountains with desert
plains, where, save here and there some irrigable
spot, agricultural man can never reside. Then
the question presents itself, shall we share the
fate which history, by the example of all nations
which have preceded us, indicates as our future,
or so change the conditions of the problem as to
obtain the opposite result? Shall we allow our
territory to be divided? Shall the United States
commence her downward step by losing the rich
possessions she now holds on the Pacific, as the
inevitable consequence of that separation which
mountains and deserts*demand? Or shall we use
the power which science and art, and the progress
ofcivilization have conferred upon man, overcome
the physical obstacle, bind these two parts togeth-
er, and hold this country one and indivisible?
These are questions which, I think, it belongs to
the statesman to consider.
For such reasons it is held that the road is es-
sential in time of peace. I believe it to be abso-
lutely necessary in time of war, and hence within
the constitutional power of the General Govern- j
ment. Upon this point it has been my misfortune |
to separate from those with whom I generally act, !
and who represent the same geographical section
with myself. I believe, however, that I stand
upon the unchanging rock of truth. I believe I
advocate the true and permanent interests of the
country, and impelled by the high duty devolved
upon me, though assailed by my friends on the
one side, and by my old political opponents on
the other, I trust I shall stand unmoved. What,
sir, are the arguments so constantly directed
against the military necessity of this road ? It is
said that the period is rapidly arriving when the
population on the shores of the Pacific can defend
itself; that the ocean and the Isthmus routes now
afford the means of transporting by sea what we
propose to transport by land. Unless the people
shall develop an agricultural capacity not yet be-
lieved to exist there, unless they shall be drawn
into a different pursuit, and, instead of being trib-
utary to the wealth of the Atlantic slope and the
Mississippi valley by consuming the products of
agriculture, shall become an agricultural people
themselves, the day can never arrive when they
will maintain, from their own agricultural resour-
ces, the population which will be necessary to de-
fend that coast. Take the most remote period to
which the eye of prophecy may look, and still we
find staring us in the face the necessity that they
must draw their supplies from the valley of the
Mississippi.
But how are these supplies to be transported ?
In time of peace, I grant, the Isthmus and ocean
routes are open to us; but is there a Senator here
whose intelligence will permit him to say that, if
we were engaged in a war with a maritime Power,
those routes would remain so unless we construct-
ed a navy to sweep the seas? Is it not known
to every one that the smallest character of war
vessel lying sheltered in some port, would bide
her time, cut off our transports, and it would only
be in fleets covered by armed vessels of the Uni-
ted States, sufficient to protect them, that there
would be the leastsafety in sailing down the coast.
I grant that it is in the power of the American
people to construct a navy to command the ocean
down to the cape, and up the ocean beyond the
possessions of the United States; but this wouid
cost millions, where thousands would suffice with
a more economical mode of transportation. Are
we ready, through the long years of peace, to
maintain a navy of such a size as this? Are we
ready to invest the whole Treasury of the Gov-
ernment in vessels as perishable as those which
in a nautical view it is proper to construct? Or
shall we employ but a small part of that money in
achieving for ourselves the whole end which this
vast navy would attain? Sir, under any condi-
tion which we can anticipate, those routes could
not be kept open in time of war. At the com-
mencement of a war, we should be without lines
of communication; our Pacific coast, with its
sparse population, with its inferior agricultural
resources, would be thrown upon its own capa-
cities for defense, and be lost to the United States.
When Rome commenced losing her territory, de-
cline was set upon her brow, and she rapidly
sank into that decadence from which she never
rose again. Whenever the United States begin to
lose their territory, whenever an invading army
can seize upon any portion of our domain and
hold it, the prestige, the pride, the power, and
the progress of the United States are at an end.
Thenceforward the hand of decay will be laid
upon us, and we shall sink, the unworthy defend-
ers of the glorious institutions we have inherited.
But we are told that it is quite easy to store, on
the coast of the Pacific, all the supplies which
will be required for twenty-five years to come. Is
it so? Have Senators studied the difficulty of
preserving powder for twenty-five years? Do
they know the impossibility of telling of what
material gunpowder is made, unless it is inspect-
ed before manufacture and followed through the
mill? Have they marked the amount annually
condemned and thrown away because of the impu-
rities contained in the salts from which itis man-
ufactured? Have they kept an account of the
deterioration of provisions? Have they forgot-
ten the vast improvements made within twenty-
five years, not only in ammunition, but in the
weapons themselves. What, I would ask theSen-
ate, would be our condition to-day, if pork and
flour, reduced to the condition it would be after
twenty-five years' storage on the damp coast of
the Pacific; if powder, in the condition it would
be in if it were kept twenty-five years, and origin-
ally made of imperfect material; if arms of the
old standard of twenty-five years back, were our
whole reliance for the defense of our possessions
on the Pacific? This is the condition in which
the country will be placed, unless it be claimed
that we have reached that exalted wisdom which
secures us from all errors of the present to be de-
veloped by the future.
Again upon those routes proposed to be trav-
ersed by sea and by short land connection, we
pass into tropical climates. So far as I am in-
formed, we have thus far found but one kind of
flour which can thus be transported and delivered
in good order. It is not so bad with other sup-
plies; but something of the same kind appertains
to all the supplies required for the Army and Navy
on the Pacific coast. It is needless, therefore, to
speak of the accumulation of vast stores, which
are to serve us in future contingencies; but if that
could be done, it would be easy to prove that the
cost of accumulating and maintaining these stores
would exceed the cost of constructing the railroad
proposed.
We have been told in this debate that having
stored our supplies in time of peace—supplies
which will not deteriorate for a quarter of a cen-
tury—it will be easy when war breaks out to
march the men across the continent. If Senators
have acquired some knowledge by which the mu-
nitions of war and supplies for men are to be pre-
served indefinitely; if they have fixed the standard
of arms so that no future change will be required,
then, perhaps, they have also acquired the power
to smooth down mountains, and fill up the canons
which nature has made, and to march men across
places where, when the last explorers were there,
a route feasible for such use could not be found.
It may not be generally known to the Senate, and
I call their attention to the fact, that there are, to-
day, across this continent, within the limits of the
United States, but two roads practicable for wag-
ons. I have had occasion, in another position,
to call the attention of Congress to the fact, that
the want of permanent supplies unon those routes
renders it impracticable to pass large trains in
rapid succession; that the grass at the watering
places, the only means of sustaining the draught
animals, being soon exhausted, the communica-
tions overland must cease. These men are not
to be marched across the continent, I suppose,
without provisions. They are not to take a march
of over a hundred days on what they can put in
their knapsacks. I take itforgranted, therefore,
that Senators have discovered some manner of
furnishing forage to these trains, when the natu-
ral supply has failed.
It is asked, why build a road from the Missis-
sippi valley to California by Government aid, and
leave all other railroads to be constructed by pri-
vate capital ? On more occasions than one, I have
stated that the necessity of the case arose from
the intermediate desert which obstructed the con-
struction of roads, and caused the want of that
continuous population which makes migration
easy. I have said from the beginning, so far as
I have been connected with this question, and
others have said it much more forcibly, that the
hand of nature had impressed upon it difficulties
which could only be overcome by Government
aid. I have looked upon it as really evading the
question, as shrinking from the responsibility
imposed upon us, when gentlemen have said
" why not build this road as railroads are built
elsewhere?" presuming that their intelligence
made them perfectly aware that the means which
had rendered it feasible to build them elsewhere
did not here exist.
But, sir, there arc other relations. War is not
conducted merely by assembling men, and fur-
nishing munitions and provisions. That which is
termed the sinews of war—the abilitity of the
country to raise the means of supply—lies behind
all the military power of a Government. Now,
I submit to any one, whether, if the shipments of
gold from California and the Pacific coast were
arrested for sixty days, there would be a banking
institution in the United States which would not
be necessarily closed ? whether credit and com-
merce would not be paralyzed? whether the ca-
pacity of the Government to raise the means by
which it could maintain its Army would not fall
with the prostration of private p"rosperity ? If
