J 859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
continued communication, by which we constant-
ly derive the precious metals from that region of
their great deposit, is essential even in time of
peace to maintain, for sixty days, the prosperous
condition of our country, how are we to bear,
without most injurious results, the heavy burdens
entailed by the prosecution of protracted and form-
idable war ?
To all these arguments it may be answered,
that, granting them to be true in some degree,
still, the vast expenditure entailed is a reason
why we should not attempt this work; and in
order to heighten the argument, gentlemen an-
nounce that it is to cost two or three hundred
million dollars. The original bill, I think, pro-
poses $35,000,000. The substitute which I offer
proposes §10,000,000. Then the gentlemen must
derive those two or three hundred millions of ex-
penditure from the same source on which they
have so largely drawn for their topography—their
imagination—and the opinions must follow in the
train of their own desire. Ten million dollars is
the sum proposed in the substitute; $35,000,000
in the bill. If gentlemen insist upon building
three roads instead of one, and thus increasing
the cost to an untold extent, let it be distinctly
understood that the vast expenditure results from
choice and not from necessity. For myself,
mingling always with the idea I have of the ne-
cessity of the work, the idea of limiting what is
to be done under that necessity, to just so much
as will perform that work, I have offered this
substitute, believing it will execute all which is
demanded by the necessities of the Government.
I believe it will give us railroad connections to the
Gulf of California, and in time to the Bay of San
Francisco. I will speak of that, however, here-
after. So much for the argument of vast expend-
itures.
Before proceeding to the general discussion, I
ask Senators to measure, by facts of recent occur-
rence, the comparative advantage and cost of the
work on the basis which I propose. In time of
national peace to put down a rebellion that ex-
tended merely to the attacks of foraging parties
upon our trains, it has cost us nearly as much to
transport the food of the little army sent over to
reduce the Mormons to order, as I propose to
contribute to the building of this road. If this
road had been built, it would not have been ne-
cessary to have made that expedition across the
country, if indeed it could have been possible that
the Mormons would have taken the attitude of
rebellion at all. South of where the Mormons
reside, and near to the line of this road, there are
Indians, who, for their warlike character, and their
numbers, are probably more than equal to all the
Mormon population; and it is perhaps not unrea-
sonable to anticipate another campaign, where
the roads would be more difficult to pass, another
campaign where the cost of transportation would
exceed that of quelling the Mormon rebellion. In
the time of war, it is provided in this substitute,
that the cost of transportation on this road shall
not exceed that which is paid on existing routes
in time of peace. Thus we get the advantage of
a uniform standard, paying no more ill war than
we now pay in peace upon any of the existing
lines of transportation.
But above this, or these, or all else whatsoever,
the great point to be considered is, have we the
constitutional power ? If we have not the consti-
tutional power, then I have argued for a necessity
military and political, argued for advantages in
peace and in war, wholly to no purpose. If the
Constitution does not confer the power, there is
an end of the question. It is proper, therefore,
to treat of that point before entering into any dis-
cussion as to routes.
The substitute which I propose is confined to
the Territories. It has been argued here that
there is no difference between a State and a Ter-
ritory. I hold to the other doctrine. _ I hold that
a State is sovereign within its limits; that the
power of the General Government to enter with
an artificial person—a railroad corporation for in-
stance—the limits of a State, does not exist as a
constitutional right, and cannot be derived from
the consent of the State. "VVe heard yesterday
that States and Territories stood upon the same
platform in this regard, if the States would but
consent to allow roads to be run within their lim-
its. Isthisso? This is but a new phase of that
doctrineof squatter sovereignty with which, from
the time I first took my seat in the Senate, I have
been battling, and which I intend to oppose to the
end. Is it true that the Federal Governmentcan
walk within the limits of a sovereign State and
there take land, and exercise jurisdiction as within
a Territory? Is it true that the restrictions of the
Constitution, limiting the General Government to
the control of sites purchased with the consent of
the States for the construction of forts, arsenals,
and dock-yards, mean that, by the consent of a
State, they may exercise a like power for any and
every purpose within its limits? If so, why enu-
merate the objects ? Why narrow them down to
special things, and those things such as were
known to be usually most necessary? Can the
United States purchase a tract of country across
a State, there to build and administer a railroad?
I hold that they have no such power under the
Constitution, and the consent of the State can
give them none. Can the Government of the
United States create a corporation, and send the
artificial person to exist within the limits of a
State? I, and those from whom I have drawn
my political opinions, have long held the reverse.
That question came tip distinctly upon the old
United States Bank; it has been decided by the
people; it is needless for me to reargue it.
The grants of the Constitution restrict the Gov-
ernment to special purposes. To hold control
over land within the limits of the States, even for
those specific and most needful purposes enumer-
ated in the Constitution, it is required first to get
the consent of the States. I say, then, the con-
sent of a State can give no power to the Federal
Government which it could exercise for railroad
purposes within the limits of a State. It might
be very convenient as a means of military de-
fense; it might be necessary as a means of mili-
tary defense; and still I say this Government has
ho power, even when you prove the necessity to
exist, to invade the limits of a sovereign State,
there to set up its artificial creature, and exercise
a jurisdiction which the Constitution does not
give.
Within the Territories, I hold our relations to
be different. The United States have derived ter-
ritory either by cession from one of the United
States, or by acquisition from a foreign Govern-
ment; and they have, as a consequence of the
grants of the Constitution, the authority to do in
that territory whatever is within the powerof the
Federal Government. They cannot do all which
a State could have done over the territory before
the State ceded it, because the State was inhe-
rently sovereign; the Federal Government has
only thoso powers which have been delegated to
it. All of those powers it may exercise upon a
territory when it derives it either by cession from
a State or by acquisition from any other so vereign
Power, deriving, from the deed of cession, the
sale, or the annexation, whatever power it was
competent for the Federal Government to receive
and execute. All else remains in other deposit-
ories; and those depositories, not renderings pos-
sible to exercise it, must there remain inactive
until the people inhabiting the territory shall be-
come a State. Then they will be invested with the
sovereign power which the government of the
States united could not use, though received at
the date of the cession, annexation, conquest, or
purchase.
Within the Territories we find that, from the
foundation of the Government, the United States
have always exercised the power to construct
roads, to establish a corporation—for instance, the
corporation of a territorial government—to sup-
port it, paying its Governor and its Council, or,
when it rose to the higher grade, paying its Le-
gislature, thus exercising all the powers within
the Territory which belong to the trustee holding
under a specific authority.
If the view which has been taken of this sub-
ject, from the foundation of the Government, be
correct, (and it is hardly needful for me, at this
day, to vindicate it,) there is power in the Fed-
eral Government to appropriate money for the con-
struction of a road within aTerritoiy; notan ab-
solute, unlimited power, because every power
which the Government holds, is, for some object,
enumerated in the Constitution. The power to
appropriate for the construction of military roads
generally, is a different question; but that it exists
within a Territory has been so long admitted, so
uniformly acted upon—acted upon at'the last ses-
sion, and no doubt may be acted upon this—that
it is hardly needful further to argue it here.
But it is said you cannot construct a railroad,
though you can construct any other character of
military road. If gentlemen had said this Gov-
ernment could not administer a railroad, they
would have been putting themselves somewhat
upon the ground taken by Mr. Monroe, when he
vetoed the Cumberland road bill upon the ground
that the General Government could not erect toll-
gates within a State. If they had said we could
not administer a railway, even in a Territory, I
should grant there was force in the objection, and
should have admitted that I entertained the same
difficulty; that I reached the same conclusion; but
the construction of a road, whether it be of dirt,
stone, or of iron, must belong to the same general
power of the Government; and if it exists for one,
it must exist for the other and for all.
Having asserted the power, with the restric-
tions which I think imposed by the Constitution,
it only remains for me to say that I was very
happy to discover, in the course of my examina-
tion, that it was not required that the General
Government should build this road out of the
public Treasury; that it need only contribute, in
proportion to the pecuniary interest it had in com-
parison with that of commerce in the construc-
tion of the road; and it is this commercial connec-
tion which has subjected the proposition to the
criticism that the road was to be built for com-
mercial and not military purposes. No one be-
lieves that the amount of money proposed either
by the bill or the substitute will build the road,
if that alone is to be contributed. Either would
fall far short of the requisite sum, and neither
was viewed otherwise than as aid in a work
which the public good required.
If in any case it be constitutional to construct
a railroad when it is necessary for military de-
fense, we must take the responsibility in this, as
in all other cases, of relying upon the discretion
of the agents of the Government, that they will
not pervert the recognition of that which is ne-
cessary, by using it where it has no such applica-
tion. If gentlemen are to be deterred from un-
dertaking a public work because of the abuse
which it is possible may result from it, I would
ask what appropriation have we ever made from
which we should not have been likewise re-
strained ? We have made an appropriation to ex-
tend the Capitol. Does the exercise of that power
involve the right to go on and build a house that
will cover the District of Columbia? And yet
the absurdity which is resorted to in order to prove
the impropriety of this measure, would be as ap-
plicable in the one case as in the other. As to
the old argument of the abuse of power, it belongs
to everything. Government is a practical thing.
It is to be administered by men. Our Govern-
ment was founded by honest men. It can only
be administered by men both intelligent and hon-
est. The abuse of any power which we possess
might be arrayed as an argument against its ex-
ercise. I think it may be very well stated in this,
as in other cases, that those powers which are
most useful, mostreadily run into abuse. It comes
within the maxim, the worst is the abuse of the
best.
If, then, it be admitted that there is constitu-
tional power, and that it is expedient upon the
limited scale which I have proposed to exercise
it, it but remains to consider the practicability of
the project.
In the outset of this question, however, the
authority upon which the conclusion of the prac-
ticability of a particular route was based, was
doubted; the evidence was said to be insufficient,
and such as no prudent company would accept if
they were about to locate a railroad. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] partic-
ularly, made those objections. It is true that
these explorations were made by officers of the
Army, educated as engineers, and that they be-
longed to that class, without which, I believe, no
great work of public improvement in the United
States has ever been conceived and executed. If
there is one great work of public improvement in
