1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
what it is here. No comparison can be instituted
between .the expenditures of our Navy and that
of'Great Britain or France, without taking these
things into consideration.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not intend to controvert
that they get thingsdone cheaper in England and
France than we do. I believe that when labor in
New York city is worth six shillings a day, the
Government pays an able-bodied man $2*50.
Mr. MALLORY. In our navy-yards they
give the same rate of wages, and no more, that is
paid in private yards. The current rate received
in private yards at New York is that given in the
public yards. 1 believe, however, there is a lim-
itation of time observed in the navy-yaids, the
ten-hour rule, which is not observed in the pri-
vate yards. That is the only difference I know
of.
Mr. TOOMBS. The fact stands that in Europe
they get their work done cheaper, and yet they
send here to have ships built. The British and
French support their naval establishments at a
much less expense, comparatively, than we do,
and yet we have one great advantage. Not a spar
that the French navy uses is grown on the soil
of France. She has not a mast in all her vast
dominions that I know of. They are brought out
of Georgia and the Senator's State.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say, m answer to that,
it is the highest compliment which could be paid
to the mechanical skill and progress of our coun-
try. They do not send here because they get
their ships built cheaper, but because they get
them built better; for they have not built a ship
in Europe equal to one of ours.
Mi. TOOM BS. I am not to be diverted by the
Senator's fashion of praising the Navy. I have
heard it too often. As for their ships not being
good ships, I presume they are equal to anybody's
ships, if they are nor, so much the better for
us; and we can take them easier when we come
to fight them; but I am afraid we shall be mis-
taken if we rely on that. I would rather rely on
the mettle of our men, than on the difference in
the metal of our ships.
Now I come to the Post Office Department.
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania yester-
day gave us some tables, by which he attempted
to show that the southern States were gieatly
benefited by the existing post ofTice arrangement.
He gives us tables, to show what the exress of
postal expenditures over receipts in Georgia, for
the last five years, has been; and upon the same
basis, he says, they ought to have been so much
in Pennsylvania. lie seems to look upon the
Government of the United States as a great elee-
mosynaiy beggar-house from which there ought
to be a fair diVision of plunder. I have a plain
story that will put that Senator down very readily.
I told him I would show him what his tables were
woivh. I say there is not n State m the (Jnjon,
whose expenditures for carrying the mail last'
year, according to the report of the Postmaster
General.which I have befoie me, did not exceed
the receipts, except Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
New York, and the District of Columbia: Rhode
Island and the District of Columbia, because they
have no territory over which to pay for cairymg
the mail; New York and Massachusetts, because
more than two million dollars of foreign postage
were received in those States, which we pay to
England and other countries for doing the ser-
vice. Therefore, there is, in fact, not a single
State or Territory in the Union m which the post
office is not a burden.
Who ftas brought about this state of things'
When you reduced your postage to three cents,
it was said, " Let us imitate E"uland; she bus a
penny postage, equal to two C'-nts of our curren-
cy; three will give us money enough." My hon-
orable friend from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
told you that would not do; he brought his usual
good sense to bear, and told Congress it was a
policy which would notkeep the Department self-
sustaining; but it was proved, apparently, by
those who seek to put the expenses of their busi-
ness upon the people of the United States, that
three cents would pay ail the expense. Xpiotustud
against it, and voted against it, and never believed
in it; and I do not think anybody believed in it,
except some very simple people.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. Iam satisfied it is not the Sen-
ator's intention to misrepresent any statement
which I made; but the effect of hfs argument will
do so. 1 was perfectly aware that the statement
which I presented, in the view which the Senator
takes, was not accurate. I stated distinctly, that
I had thrown out of that account the expenses of
the General Department, and the expenses of the
foreign mail service, and the Pacific service; so
that the account embodied only the local service
within the several States—the expenses for trans-
mitting the mails and for postmasters. In doing
that, I stated, further, that I acted on the com-
munication of the Postmaster General, to which
the honorable Senator has just referred, whp
said that these general expenses belonged to the
States pro rata. [ know that, when they are
divided amongst the States, there is not one which
pays its expenses in full; but that does not in any
way disturb the account which I presented, which
is for the local expenses within the several States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have stated the Senator pre-
cisely as he said; but he left out important ele-
ments necessary to get at the truth. The Senator
did say that the southern section of the Uni-
ted States was benefited by it at the expense of
the Noith. If his atgument. did not mean that,
it meant nothing.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly said, and I meant,
that the States to which 1 referred had a large pro-
portion of their postage paid out of the Treasury;
but in what light did I present it? Simply to
meet the complaint which was made, that the
manufacturing States realize large incidental ben-
efits from our revenue system. In making up the
account, I threw out the foreign postage to which
the honorable Senator has referred, as far as I
could get the information, and in getting it, I did
not rely entirely on my own judgment. 1 endeav-
ored to make it accurate, and I hope it is so; for
1 should regret to have made an incorrect state-
ment.
Mr. TOOMBS. The honorable Senator will
find plenty more to answer lie fore I have done with
this subject, and perhaps he had better wait and
answer me altogether. My complaint of the state-
ment which he made, was, that H did not present
all the facts. lie went back five years. He did
not go back to the time when the Post Office De-
partment was self-sustaining; when all the ex-
penses were looked into; when worthlessexpend-
itures and extravagances were kept out; when
the expenditures were controlled by law, and the
Postmaster General was looking at the service to
bring it within the limit of the law. But the
moment you put it on the public Treasury; the
moment the manufacturing classes and commer-
cial classes and the literary classes were able to
throw the expense of their busim-ss on honest
labor, they began to expand. While Pennsyl-
vania paid her postal expenses five years ago,as
most of the States of the Union did, I say that in
1857 she did not. If it is mendicancy on the
Treasury, she was a mendicant with the rest.
The Senator grouped a series of years that did
not show the true operation of the Post Office De-
partment. its expenses have continued annually
to increase since you thtew it on the Treasury,
and will continue to increase to ten, twenty, thir-
ty, or fifty million dollars, if you let it stay there,
from causes as inevitable as that the sun will rise
and set.
The Senator made a comparison with Virginia,
but I believe the reduction of postage to three
c(#its got no vote from that State in either House.
Sir, the principle on which the South has stood,
upon which she stands to-day and in the future,
is, thatjustice, true policy, is to make every man
who is benefited by the PostOilice Depaitmunt,
pay his share; not to put it on all the States. I
do not want the honest mechanic and faimerin
my Slate to go my partner in letters, when 1
write a thousand where he writes one. I should
like to know what would be thought if the Sen-
ator were to go to a neighbor of his, an honest
old farmer in Pennsylvania, and say to him:
"My friend, let"usget a box here m the post office,
and go halves in this business of paying post-
ages." I think the Dutchman in Pennsylvania
would not be fool enough to stand that partner-
ship. That is just what your present system ac-
tually is. The men whp write letteis, and whose
business it is to do so, font is an industrial pur-
suit, by this scheme throw the expense of that
business on honest labor, and then they talk
about protecting the laborers whom they are rob-
bing for their owrr benefit—robbing under the
forms of law. I say it is robbery. Suppose-1
were to propose to my overseer to divide our
postage between us, I writing a thousand letters,
and he, perhaps, not able to write one, for I have
known such cases: it is not just. The policy
of the GoveVmnent for sixty years was that the
men who writeteltersshould pay thecost ofthem;
that the men benefited should pay for the benefit;
but when you got to the system of putting it on
the Government, it was done that the merchants,
the manufacturers, the newspapers, the shrewd,
adroit, skillful, and enterprising men,might levy
pence out of poverty, to ease themselves of the
legitimate expense of their own business. That
is the way it works, and it affects a man in Maine
as well as in Georgia.
It is not sectional. You may try to get people
to go into it on the idea that it is sectional. The
New York Legislature may send a memorial here
against raising the rates of postage. The Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. IIajle] the other day
wanted to know if you were going to tax the poor
man in his State on his letters. How is it in fact?
He says he will not pay more than three cents
postage. That is not enough; and where does the
rest come from ? Out of the public Treasury; and
who paysthat? All our taxes being levied, in the
main, by duties on consumption, it comes, ac-
I cording to consumption,outof the rich and poor.
! There is no just relation between wealth and con-
; sumption. A poor man, with an income of $500,
i may use more dutiable goods than 1 do. 1 know
! many of my neighbors, planters down in Geor-
, gia, that defy your revenue laws, who do not b0y
; a hundred dollars' worth of " store goods" m a
1 year. They make their own shoes and hats and
i blankets; their daughters weave their socks, and
i their wives weave their cloths. They would beat
you all day at this business. But take a man
i working in an iron foundery,who has to buy his
i Migar, his cloth, and everything else that he uses,
1 and who cither has to pay for them to the foreign
: manufacturer, or who must pay an enhanced
■ price for them here. Probably many a man with
' an income of a thousand or fifteen hundred dol-
lars a year, does not use more dutiable goods
1 than a poor man who lives by his daily labor. I
have seen it stated in the newspapers that a very
worthy gentleman in New York, whom I have
; the pleasure to know slightly, pays $85,000 a
i year for taxes on realized property. He has no
: bigger stomach or broader back than his coach-
man; and it is a little doubtful whether he con-
[ sumes any more rum, whisky, brandy, or broad-
: cloth, than his coachman. If he paid according
; to his realized wealth, he would have to consume
i nearly a quarter of a million of dollars' worth of
i dutiable goods m order to pay his proportion of
j the public revenues. Of course men can only
1 drink and eat and wear a certain quantity of duti-
i able goods, and there is a limit to it. Most of our
people are well enough off to use all they need;
and they use very much the same things. I think
: it is a bad plan in my friend from Pennsylvania,
! if his laborers are distressed, to put new buidens
1 on theni. I would advise him not to put addi-
tional duty upon the sugar that sweetens their
! sugared rum that solaces them in their misfor-
tunes; but that is what he wants to do.
: Indirect taxes, all taxes on consumption, arc
■ unjust taxes, whether they arc excise duties or
1 impost duties. They tell terribly on labor. They
; have destroyed the labor of Europe, and they will,
i destroy yours, if you keep them up long enoug^.
They are unjust. They eat up the substance of
the laborei, by taxing him for his necessaries.
England, in this way, has destroyed he/ laborers
in Great Butain and Ireland, and they are fleeing
! to America, to Australia, to every portion of the
j earth, to get rid of unjust taxes. They do not
i operate so hard on our laborers, on account of the
! different relation in which tht*y stand.
| I say it is unjust to levy postage out of the or-
| dinary revenues of the Republic, because if is a
; tax upon those who do not write as well as those
who do, and it ought to be put upon the business
! of the merchants and manufactures, and those
| classes whose pursuits require them to write a
! great number of letters. Whatever they may
: think about it, whatever the New York Legisla-
! Hire may say, whatever the Senator from New
