902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hampshire may say, it is a plunder of the poor
for the benefit of the rich. Sir, we of the South
have maintained justice; we .did not vote for this
system. We say, make your Post Office Depart-
ment pay for itself. If New England, on account
of her dense population, can support the postal
system at a less expense than other sections, my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] presented a
scheme, allowing the mails to be carried as cheap-
ly as could be done. I do not want a dollar out
of your New England postage. I want no frank-
ing privilege; I hope you will strike it off. I want
to send no documents. If you undertake the busi-
ness of carrying people's letters, do it as cheaply
as it can be done. I have no doubt it is a bad
system, and I hope, in time, to see it abolished.
If I could to-day, I would cut off your Post Office
Department, at one lick, from the Government,
and I should consider it the greatest service I
should evei; be able to render to my country.
Sir, you have no more right and no more busi-
ness to undertake to carry the correspondence,
than you have to carry the products, of the coun-
try; and it works as unjustly. Why do you not
carry the hay and the potatoes of the New Hamp-
shire man, and the cotton of the southern man,
and say, "let us all unite and pay for ships to
carry these productions, as well as pay for mail
transportation." One man in Mississippi may
have five thousand bales of cotton to send off,
worth $300,000; another man has ten bushels of
potatoes worth ten dollars; and you say, let us
make a common stock of our transportation, and
all pay for it equally according to consumption.
There is some sense in Fourierism in preference
to such a system. They divide property equally,
qjter allowing something for talent, and something
for labor; but this is worse than Fourierism. The
great object of this scheme is carrying us back
to the old rude system of Government that ex-
isted twenty centuries ago—that "they should
take who have the power, and they should keep
who can." When you get labor into such a
partnership, you take the lion's share and leave
it the bone. Sir, I am the fiiend of labor. lam
the friend of every laboring man, no matter what
part of this great country he may live in, North,
South, East, or West. I will give no vote to
plunder him of the earnings of the sweat of his
face, for the sake of the Government, or anybody
under the Government.
If you are in earnest about the Post Office De-
partment, make it pay for itself; let everybody
who sends letters pay for them, and then those who
cannot write will have nothing to pay. Every-
body knows the postal service can bo done for
half the money that you spend on it. I do not
suppose that Adams & Co. have half the trouble
to get empjoyes for their offices that the Govern-
ment has. If a postmaster is to be appointed,
several men from the locality spend two or three
months in tliis city, and there are various commit-
tees to urge the elaim^of this man and that man.
After the appointment is made, there is sometimes
great difficulty in getting the confirmation here;
and they have a good' deal of trouble when they
go home, to get securities. Men would not take
so much trouble if they got only the rewards of
honest labor. But a man wants such q. place be-
cause it is an office, arid pays more than he could
get anywhere else; because it puts him to fatten-
ing on the Government, rather than on his own
industry; and he wants to get it that he may live
without labor from the industry of those who do
labor. Cut the Post Office from the Government,
and there will be an end of that.
The Postmaster General requires §9,000,000
from the Tieasury next year. I will not give it;
and, therefoie, I have no deficiency to provide for.
I will not pay §2,400,000 for carrying the mail to
six hundred thousand people on the Pacific coast.
I am willing to give them all necessary facilities;
and I know it can he done for §250,000; but ifit can-
not, pay $500,000; and if you cannot get the 'ervice
for that sum, pay J>700,000; but that you should,
for political and commercial reasons, pay for keep-
ing up a mail route by Panama, and through Nica-
ragua, and through Tehauntepec, and for two or
three overland routes besides, has not the recom-
mendation of wisdom or justice; it is not plain
common sense. There is not a man in America
who would manage his own business in that way.
There is not a man whose estate would not be
taken from him and put into the hands of com-
February 9,
missioners, if he managed his business in that
way. He would be, to use a polite term, what
the Scotch call an innocent, favored of the g( '
and who ought to be. protected of all men.
Bring down the Post Office Department, and
save some twelve or fourteen million dollars, f
have not gone through the various Departments
for I will not fatigue the Senate, and 1 have not
the time. Notffl will come to a single point upon
this great question. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania cares little about the expenditure; he is not
more concerned to maintain this expenditure than
I am; he has no more concern that money should
be improperly expended than I have. I do not
suppose he would vote for it any sooner than I
would. I make no allegation of that sort; but
there is another object which he thinks is to ben-
efit his constituency. I do not think so. Whether
protection be right, or free trade be right, in my
judgment, in the main, it is as right in Georgia as
in Pennsylvania. I think the idea is a mistake
wholly. There are incidental advantages in favor
of the manufacturer; but I can carry wheat from
Georgia to the iron founderies of Pennsylvania
cheaper than many farmers in the western part
of Pennsylvania can carry it there. I think we
get some incidental advantages, if there be any.
But the Senator imagines that, because the iron-
mongers have raised this clamor,we must increase
the taxes. I do not believe the people of Penn-
sylvania have raised this clamor about protection.
Why should it have arisen ? It has been already
shown, in the very able report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, that there was less iron imported
last year than there had been for many years be-
fore, and, therefore, there was very little foreign
iron to come into competition with the Pennsyl-
vania article. My friend says, however, that he
wants to make better iron than England; and he
presents us statistics to show that Pennsylvania
iron does not lose more than six or eight per cent,
a year in wear and tear, whereas British iron loses
ten or twelve per cent. I tell him the safest place
he can leave that question is with the railroad con-
tractors. If he has not any of them in his State
sharp enough, send them down to Georgia and
they can work it out. They know good iron from
bail; they know profit from loss. Send it down
to a Georgia railroad president and he will work
itoutfor you. It is always safe to leave the qual-
ity of a commodity to the man who is going to
use it. Government is the worst judge; fo? if
anybody is to be cheated in such a case, the Gov-
ernment is sure to be.
But the Senator says he must have taxes to re-
lieve the people. As I said, I am not going into that
question. But ho says he will unite the two sys-
tems of ad valorem and specific duties. The tariff
of 1857 was founded on the idea of a revenue
tariff, discriminating in favor of the industry of
this country. It was a policy that met my sup-
port—a wise policy. The single question is, is
it enough > 1 ask my friend from Pennsylvania,
is not twenty-five per cent, on iron enough pro-
tection ? Is not one fourth of the commodity to
be seized by the Government, which they have a
right to do—twenty-five bars of railroad iron to
the hundred—enough to encourage the domestic
manufacture ? The school in which I was brought
up as a protective Whig, was, that we were to
raise no more revenue than the economical wants
of the Government required; and in levying that
revenue to discriminate for our infant manufac-
tures. What for? That we might divert capital
into them, that we might prevent them from bejpg
crushed in their infancy.
Well, sir, when is the iron manufacture going
to get grown? I want to know. That was the
ground it was put on in 1843. I want to know
when the iron interest will ever attain its majority.
It has had, taking the fluctuations in duties and
prices, as much as one hundred and fifty per cent,
protection for forty-three years—from 1816 to this
day. Have they not had enough experience in
making iron? Is it a very occult science? Has
not the world gone on until it is made for half the
price it was in 1816? I think railroad iron ought
n?t to be taxed at all; it ought to be free of duty,
and I would free it to-morrow if my vote would
do it. I would not tax the transportation of my
country. I would not tax the wheat and corn of
the agriculturist, that are now down as low as
manufactures. Look at* the Northwest. She
raises nothing but rude product—millions of
wheat, millions of corn, millions of lumber, all
rough, all cheap according to bulk; and she has
the highest possible advantage in cheap trans-
portation both on land and on water. Why should
you tax her twenty-five per cent, upon the great
element on which she transports her commodi-
ties to market? I say it is unjust; and if I have
got to raise more revenue, I will not put it upon
an article necessary to the transportation of eight
tenths of the labor of my country. I say, let it
stand where it is, and you will soon find the thou-
sands of millions of capital invested in railroads
demanding their rights, and they will enlighten
you on free trade. They are not going to stand
this tax of twenty-five per cent., and you cannot
hold it for three years. Look to it. These thou-
sands of millions of capital will no longer submit
to the burden of twenty-five per cent, on iron.
On their roads, the iron for which costs on an
average $5,000 a mile, they will not pay $1,500a
mile in order to support Pennsylvania iron man-
ufactures. They will say to them, " you have
had forty years to learn how to make this iron,
and we will not tax ourselves any longer for your
benefit;" and they are right.
Mr. President, I shall detain the Senate but a
few moments longer on this question. I have
stated that the tariff of 1857 was a tariff for rev-
enue, discriminating-for protection. It discrim-
inated largely. At that period we found our rev-
enues abundant, and we determined to readjust
the tariff system so as to lessen the revenues.
My friend from Virginia and myself, and gentle-
men all over the country, with different views of
protection and free trade, said, that as the coun-
try was generally prosperous, as we must reduce
our revenue, we were content that even advant-
ages should be had. The woolen manufacturing
interest said that we had allowed a duty of thirty
per cent, on wool, which had worked hard oil
them; and they asked us to give them coarse wool
free of duty, that they might compete with Eng-
land, and to put woolens in the highest schedule.
We did it; and they went on their way rejoicing.
We dealt fairly by every branch of industry. The
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] the
representative, not of free trade, but of free soil
and protection, was a member of the committee
of conference on that bill, and it received the ap-
probation of his judgment.
All parties are committed to this policy. What
(Hd you bring the revenue down to $50,000,000
for? Did you not understand it? Did you not
know what this tariff would bring in? Were you
statesmen? Did you not know, what everybody
else knew, that the reduction was such that it
would bring down the revenue on the same im-
portations which you had the preceding year, and
that you had to look to a gradual increase of
the importations for a gradual increase of reve-
nue? Yes, sir, you did understand it; but, be-
cause a monetary convulsion has overtaken the
country, and because protection entered into a
State election, the whole world is to be disturbed;
and our revenue system, which you agreed upon
as a national settlement, is to be readjusted. I
say it was a national settlement, because all sec-
tions harmonized upon it; and I congratulated the
country at the time that Massachusetts and South
Carolina, East and West, North and South, all
united in favor of it. All the Senators in this
body except eight, and two thirds of the mem-
bers of an opposition House, deliberately said:
"We will make this hereafter a financial ques-
tion, not a party one; and we will put it on this
basis." But now, the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia tells us—and we are told by the Government
organs—that we must have a readjustment of the
tariff; that although it has had but little over a
year of unparalleled commercial disaster to test
it, it must be altered now. Well, I know not
what you can get now. I know not whether gen-
tlemen here are ready to eat their own words. I
have seen a great many strange sights in my time.
I am not ready to do it. I believed at the time
that it was a wise act; I believe so now. I be-
lieve it gave fully as much protection to American
industry as ought to be given.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania com-
plains of the mode, and prefers specific duties.
My opinion has been that specific duties W6re al-
ways the best rule. Thirteen years ago, the ar-
guments which are now brought up were used
by me against the act of 1846. I said it would
