280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—>Mr. Davis.
Senate.
the United States which has been conceived and
executed without the aid of some member of this
particular cla^s, I am not aware of it. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would have found, hy
turning to his own State, that the railroad system
which exists in it was initiated, the surveys con-
ducted, and the work progressed usually to com-
pletion, in the hands of military engineers. I can
refer to some of the names: William Gibbs Mc-
Neil, George W. Whisler, Daniel Tyler, Joshua
Barney, Isaac P. Trimble, John M. Fessenden,
Childs, Barnes, and a great many others. At a
very recent period, the professor of civil engineer-
ing in the University of Harvard was an officer
of the Army, who resigned his position to take
that professorship. They are the men over this
whole land who have inaugurated the great works
of civil engineering which have been successfully
executed. They were the teachers. It is their
pupils who now rise in rebellion against them,
and, anxious for employment, arraign the mas-
ters for incompetency to do the work which they
taught them to perform. I could refer to almost
every State, and bring out the fact that their
works of internal improvement were generally
planned and conducted by those who either were
at the time, or had been, military engineers. So
much for the character of the evidence on which
I rely, and the capacity of the men.
During the course of this debate, I have felt
how fortunate was the selection of military engi-
neers for these explorations. It was foreseen at
an early stage of the debate, that we were, at last,
to run into this poverty-stricken sectional quarrel j
—a thing from which I always turn with loath-
ing; for which I feel only contcmpt. Fortunate
it was, in this view of thp case, that men were se-
lected who, in their Very boyhood, were sepa-
rated from the interests of any locality, educated
for their country and in its service, who are bound
by habit as well as by other ties to their country,
their whole country, and who went to these ex-
plorations without the influences that would sink
them to the petty purposes which it is too clearly
indicated must influence some portion of the ar-
gument we hear in this Chamber. The officers
thus selected had their fume connected with the
route they explored; they had their honorable
sense of duty, and their professional reputation,
involved in the exact presentation of the truth.
If they could truly show that they had discovered
a favorable route, the best over which a railroad
could be built, and thus identify themselves, to
the end of time, with the exploration they had
made, it was human ambition to do it. So far,
then, as anything is said unfavorable towards the
line they explored, it is to be set down to princi-
ple, to the love of truth, and the suppression of
that ambition which would make every explorer
desire to find the most practicable and economical
route. When compemliums are made by draw-
ing frohi the reports what each has said in rela- j
tion to his own route, it is to be supposed that i
the most favorable aspect of each case is presented, ]
and that the comparative merits derived from !
these is probably that which future surveys will i
but corroborate. !
I will not allude to the regions in winch these j
officers were born; I leave others to do that; be- !
cause it matters not to me whether they came I
from Maine, or New Hampshire, or Massachu- [
setts, as they did, or whether they came from Geor- 1
gia, South Carolina, or North Carolina, as they did
not. I believe they had the intellectual endow-
ment, the education, the character,and the pur-
pose, which make their reports more reliable than
any we could otherwise have obtained; and it so
happens that where these barometrical observa-
tions which have been criticised were made, and
have subsequently been subjected to the test of the
level, the difference is so small that a contracting
party would not care for u one way or the other,
showing that a method which is not usually relied j
upon, in the hands of men trained and skillful
was brought to such perfection as to answer the j
purposes of the level. ;
It will be seen before I get through, however, j
that I do not rely upon their testimony alone; for
I shall adduce the evidence of others which may j
have more weight with those who have discred- I
ited military engineers. !
Before referring to the results of the explora- i
tions, it is proper that I should reply to certain
strictures which have been made upon the fair-
ness of the Government in directing them. Mr.
President, I feel very reluctant to misapprehend
the Senator from Massachusetts, and to reply to
his remarks without correctly understanding their
meaning. Therefore, I wish to ask him whether,
in arraigning the last Administration as having
used all its power to " belittle" northern lines,
and to " magnify" the extreme southern line, he
intended to imply a want of integrity in the per-
formance of the duty assigned to it, to find the
most practicable and economical route ?
Mr. WILSON. I will say, in regard to that,
that the Senator from Mississippi had for four
years the direction of these surveys, and I do not
question here, or anywhere else, his integrity;
but I do say, what I believe to be true, and what
I think any man who has ever read the reports
of the surveyors, and his own comments upon
them, his own deductions and inferences, and
who has examined carefully the policy of the
Government, will say, that his general opinions,
his feelings, or some matter that might spring
from his location in the country and from his
general views, did, to a certain extent, color his
actions. I do not here question his integrity or
his honesty in any way whatever; for, so far as
my experience goes, I have no reason to do it;
but I do say that I think no intelligent man can
rise from the perusal of those volumes and not
say that he thinks the Senator's elaborate report
on the surveys is not sustained by the evidence
in the surveys; and that the Government, by its
purchase of territory, by its introduction of cam-
els, by its sinking of wells, and all its other
policy, has elevated the southern route and let
the others, to a great extent, take care of them-
selves.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator attributes to me a bias on account of my res-
idence. I believe no man loves the section in
which he lives better than I do. Every fiber of
my heart would respond to the rights and inter-
ests of that section, whenever they are involved.
But I feel, sir, that a public officer has a higher
duty than that which his sentiments and his feel-
ings prompt, and I think I can show to the Sen-
ator that he is entirely mistaken in the conclusion
at which he has arrived. As he does not question
my motives, so I shall not impugn his; but from
the record will conclusively prove to him, or to
any other man who may be prejudiced like him-
self, that, if there be a difference at all, it is upon
the other side. I am not conscious of ever having
favored on,e line or the other; but if the recoul
leads to such conclusion, it must convict me of
having favored the extreme northern line; so it
stands.
It will be remembered that when Congress
made an appropriation directing the War Depart-
ment, by topographical and other engineers, and
other persons, to explore the country, so as to
determine the most practicable and economical
route for a railroad from the Mississippi to the
Pacific, I was at the head of the Department of
War. I organized companies to survey lines
wherever previous explorations, or even the re-
ports oftrappersand hunters, indicated that there
might be a practicable route for a railroad. Al-
though I believed, from examinations partially
made, that a particular route would be found im-
practicable, nevertheless, because of the constant
assertions made in the two Houses of Congress
of its feasibility, a party was organized and ex-
plored it. It was the only line which was finally
pronounced wholly impracticable.
First, as to the manner in which those parties
were organized. On the loute of the forty-ninth
parallel, a party was organized, at the head of
which was placed a gentleman recently distin-
guished as an officer of the engineer corps, who
had been for a long time employed on the coast
survey, and who, therefore, was particularly
trained to the character of exact observation
which he would be required to make. He had
recently left the United States military service,
and been appointed Governor of the Territory of
Washington. Where, in the whole length and
breadth of the land, could 1 have found a man
with higher indications of qualification, or one
who could have been supposed more earnestly to
desire to find a practicable route to that Territory,
than Isaac I. Stevens, who was appointed to the
command of that party? Not only did I select
the person thus described, but his was the first
party to whom instructions were given—the first
party for whom any provision was made. This
was because I knew is was the most difficult ex-
ploration, and therefore should have the largest
amount of time; not to favor one route more than
another. I had no purpose but to perform my
duty like an honest man. I am glad that my mo-
tive has not been arraigned.
Notonly was this party the first organized, and
a man thus specially qualified put in charge of it,
but the quartermaster's department was required
to furnish trains at great cost, and even to turn
over to it a large sum of money, not less than
$15,000. A corps of sappers and miners were
given to it, and a number of military officers, not
furnished to anyotherexpedition. Now,perhaps,
I may be asked by the advocates of the southern
line, why was this done? My answer is, it was
an unexplored region; it was filled with savage
and hostile Indians; and the party was organized
to acquire that sort of information which was ne-
cessary not only for a railroad, but for the mili-
tary purposes of the Government. Because of its
peculiar relation to the inhabitants, and the wants
of the country, it derived this special advantage,
and received $15,000 in cash from the quarter-
master's department, besides the sum of money
which was turned over to it from the appropria-
tion for the specific work. There were seven
officers of the Army attached to the expedition,
besides the detachment of sappers and miners,
some of whom were non-commissioned officers.
Their pay was taken from the appropriation for
the support of the Army, and not charged to the
expense of this exploration. To the other ex-
ploring parties, only two officers of the Army were
given; an advantage in favor of the northern
line of seven to two. If to the sum of $74,000,
which was set aside for this exploration, be added
one half the sum expended by the party for ex-
plorations of the connections with San Francisco,
$21,000, it appears that this line received $95,000
in money, out of the appropriation for the ex-
ploration and survey of routes—a larger sum than
was given to any other route. I ask, then, how
can a northern man, whose eyes are not utterly
blinded by his sectional prejudices, question the
fairness with which money was distributed to the
parties engaged in this exploration ?
Next looking southwaid, on the route of the
forty-first and thii ty-ninth parallel, $38,000 were
given. Part of this region having been explored
by Fremont and Stansbury, it was unnecessary to
go over it again. This reduced the line of ex-
ploration; and consequently reduced the amount
of money which was required for it, and there-
fore but $38,000 were given. Adding one half
the expenditure for exploring the connections
with San Francisco, $21,000, you find this line a
total of §59,000.
On the route of the thirty-fifth parallel, $58,000
were given originally. Adding one half the sum
for the connection with San Francisco, $23,500,
makes $81,500 for this line.
On the route of the thirty-second parallel,
$29,000 were given; and, to ascertain the practi-
cability of obtaining water by sinking artesian
wells in regions of a certain character, west of
the Rio Grande, $20,000, for connection with San
Francisco, $23,500, making the total on that route
$72,500; or, stating it by yearly expenditure,
$37,500 in 1854, and $35,000 in 1855, making a
total of $72,500.
Now let us divide it between the two sections
of the country. This apportionment was made
purely by reference to the necessities of each case,
and the relative amount was not noted until I saw
in a newspaper the miserable charge that this
money had been appropriated to the benefit of
the southern route. I then had a comparison in-
stituted, and it turned out to be dollar for dollar,
exactly equal—$154,000 for the southern, and
$154,000 for the northern routes, regarding the
thirty-fifth parallel as a southern route. This in-
cluded both the first and second appropriations.
In addition to these expenditures, there were
others for the preparation and examination of the
reports in the office of the railroad explorations.
