1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr, Davis.
Senate.
They were common to all, and therefore are so
charged.
As to the sinking of the artesian wells, the first
expenditures were made on the line of the thirty-
second parallel, and have been included in the
chaige against that line, though, in fact, they were
for the interest of all. Afterwards, as it had not
proved successful, but was attended by such in-
dications as rendered it probable that water could
be brought to flow on the surface of the earth,
Congress, without the recommendation of the De-
partment, made an appropriation of $100,000.
Why charge that against the Administration ? I
say that, without the recommendation of the Ad-
ministration, Congress made that appropriation.
They made it for a larger sum than I believed to
be necessary. The officer returned to the work,
and prosecuted it without success, and it is now
probable that we are to be disappointed. At the
last accounts received, a vein ot water had been
struck between two strata of rock, and the current
flowed with such velocity as indicated an open
channel, and destroyed the probability that it
would ever rise to the surface. Whether the
boring has been commenced at another point, I
am not informed. It is not at all improbable,
however, that, in the same region, he may strike
water which would rise to the surface of the earth.
Why were these artesian wells attempted?
The Senator seems to think it was to render a line
practicable which nature had rendered otherwise.
Not so. It is true, the boring of these artesian
wells was connected with the question of the rail-
road; but it was connected with a much broader
question. It was: whether all that and desert
which separates the population of the East and
the West, upon every line of exploration, could
ever be rendered fit for the habitation of man. If
artesian water could be made to fl'ow upon the sur-
face, it would first produce grass, subsequently
timber, and a country which otherwise would re-
main a desert forever, would be made the habita-
tion of man, and be converted to the uses, if not
of agriculture, at least of pastoral life. It was but
tributary to the railroad. It was commenced on
the Llano estacadoy not far from the river Pecos,
because that was believed to be one of the least
feasible points, and that if ir should succeed there
it would probably succeed on the desert plains,
all the way north to the Btitish possessions. If
it had succeeded there, I do not doubt that exper-
iments would have been made hereafter by com-
panies—the expense would be beyond the power
of individuals—and that districts would have been
converted to pastoral uses; i trust yet, there are
many in the Senate who will live to see the day
when that will come to pass, and when a country
where rain and dew are denied by meteorogical
condition, will be rendered fit for the uses of civ-
ilized man, and contribute greatly to expand not
merely the wealth of the West, with which it is
geographically connected, but the wealth of our
whole country.
Having thus disposed of the charges brought
against the manner in which the field work was
directed, I now proceed to notice the criticisms
upon the conclusions announced in the Secretary's
report, which have been questioned in a manner
that would seem to indicate that the document
itself has been left unread. It will be found on
examination, in the first place, that I did not an-
nounce to the country that such a survey had been
made as would justify capitalists in locating the
read; did not say that the question was con-
cluded for all time to come; but did say, as will
be found on the eighth page, that—
<( If the results of the exploration m<tt1e under these in-
structions do not furnish the data requisite to solve every
question satisfactory, they ar least give d large amount of
valuable intoimation, and place the question m a tolctably
ele.ir light. We see now, with some precision, the nature
and extent of the difficulties to be encountered, and, at the
same time, the means of surmounting them."
This is in the first volume of railroad explora-
tions; and I may also state that in this volume is
contained the report of the survey of the route
near the forty-ninth parallel, being the only report
contained in this volume, and thus given to the
public more than a year before any other was pub-
lished. It had in this another advantage; and
here let me state how jt arose. Governor Stevens,
having charge of this exploration, made his report
first, and thus secured for it the earliest publica-
tion.
In treating of this northern route, I did not, as
the Senator seems to assume, declare that it was
impracticable. On the other hand, I stated that
it was practicable—practicable, butvastly expens-
ive; expensive because of its tunnels; expensive
because of the short curves so well described by
the Senator from Iowa; expensive, also, because
of the heavy embankments which were to be
made, and which, in a very brief period of these
explorations, could not be accurately determined.
The probability now is, that if were to return to
theexamtnation with more extended observations,
we should find the level of these streams, at the
periods of greatest flood, such that the embank-
ments would exceed the estimates which have
been made, and consequently would have to in-
crease the estimated cost of constructing the road
on that route. - This line will receive further at-
tention when I discuss the character of the dif-
ferent routes. It will then be shown that every
statement of an unfavorable character in relation
to it contained in the Secretary's report, is amply
sustained by the reports of the explorers.
Let us now turn to the subject of the arid re-
gion. The Senator has omitted to read us from
the Secretary's report the part showing the arid-
ity and desert character of some portion of the
country crossed by the thirty-second parallel, as
though that was a matter which had never been
presented to the country in connection with the
explorations of this route. He reads from the tes-
timony on which the report was made; and in that
report—so brief that surely, before criticism, it
might havp been read—he would find these facts
stated m the same manner in which he has quoted
them. He would have found it thus stated in that
document:
ii From the report of Captain Pope, it would appear that
the belt of teiule land winch liot> on the west Mile of the
Mississippi throughout in length, extend* on this loute
nearly to the head watets of the Colorado of Texas, in about
longitude 102°—that about thiee degrees lurther west
than on the moie noithern routes. The evidence adduced
in support of this opinion is not, however, conclusive."
Speculative meteorology would render this prob-
able; but so guarded was this report in relation to
every route, that here, in speaking of the thirty-
second parallel, it is said that the statement of
Captain Pope, that fertili t y on that region extended
to the one hundred and second meridian, is not
conclusive, though he had many opportunities for
observation:
" The evidence adduced in support of this opinion is not,
however, conclusive; and, until it is rendered more com-
plete, the fertile soil must be considered m thus, as in other
latitudes, to teiminate about the muety-mnth meridian.
Thence to the Pacific slopes the loute is over uncultivable
soil, though generally gra-sed, the exceptions being, as on
the route of the tint tv-tilth parallel, m portions of the val-
leys ot the Pecos. Rjo Grande, Gila, and Colorado of the
Wept. The table lands and mountain Mope* are usually
well covered with grama grass, and, in New Mexico, have
supported immense herds of cattle. TJieie are exceptions
to tins, howevei, on the greater portion of the Llano Esta-
endo, on portions ot the plains between the Rio Grande and
the Gila; and (comprised m that space) from Tuczon to
the Gila, eighty miles, there is no grass on the route trav-
eled, nor is it to be found on the Lower Gila valley."1'
The very thing which the Senator explored the
report of Lieutenant Michler to find, and read as
matter which had been drawn from some recess
and never presented by the Department.
{< Occasional patches of bunch grass only being found on
the plain, and a species of grama grass sometimes upon the
mountain sides. No gra«s is found on the Coloiado desert,
one hundred and tlmiy-five miles along the line of location.
'• The length of the route through this generally unculti-
vable soil is twelve hundred and ten miles. Upon descend-
ing from the summitofthe San Gorgonio Pass, on the route
to San Pedio, the soil is fertile, and either well watered or
can be irrigated."
Here, again, all speculation is omitted as to
what might be obtained by using that which the
ancient Hebrews used as the fertilizer of soil—
water—to convert the sterile plain which is spoken
of, on the west side of the Colorado, into land of
the highest productiveness. By merely tapping
the Colorado river and turning the water out on
that so-called sandy plain which is here described
as a desert, I believe California may command an
agncaltural region which, acre for acre, will be
equal to any upon the banks of the Nile; but, at
this and all other points of speculation, things not
determined by an actual existing state of facts,
and brought home as results of explorations,
were excluded from the report.
The Senator further says, that we have ex-
pended $10,000,000in buying a territory in order
to construct this railroad. I surely thought we
had much higher objects, and think we have
gained a great deal more. I think we have pur-
chased a country, the value of which is only now
beginning to be realized by the public generally;
that we have acquired land peculiarly adapted to
the production of those articles which will be most
profitable in the trade with Asia; that we have
acquired a portion of the best mining region Spain
possessed when she held the mineral lands of this
continent; a region where silver is in its richest
deposits, by the working of which we shall be
able, whenever we get the means of transporting
it from its location, to equalize the currency of
the world between the gold and silver coin em-
ployed. I think these are great advantages. They
will contribute to the building of the road; but we
might well have acquired that territory, even if a
railroad should never be constructed.
Again, the Senator says: u We got camels to
traverse this arid desert." This arid desert?
Where? That vast plain on the route of the
forty-ninth parallel, covered with sage, is the very
desert which nothing but the camel can ever prof-
itably pass over. It is the largest desert I know
of in the United States where no grass can be
found. But it was not on account of railroads
that those camels were purchased by the Govern-
ment. The subject was agitated before a railroad
across the continent was presented to the minds
of Congress. 1 do not recollect the date, but when
I was formerly a member of this body, many
years ago, I introduced a proposition to purchase
camels for the purposes of army transportation.
It went on from year to year, gaining favor, un-
til at last Congress most wisely passed a law ap-
propriating a small sum of money to import the
camel and make the experiment, to see whether
or not it would be fitted, in our climate and coun-
try, for purposes of army transportation—army
transportation anywhere, everywhere. I regret
exceedingly that these camels were not consoli-
dated and sent up to Fort Leavenworth, to be
used in the transportation to Utah, where, I think,
they would have exhibited their value to the
country in a higher degree, perhaps, than we
shall have an opportunity hereafter to show.
The Senator attributes to me the desire to se-
cure a southern location for the interoceanic rail-
road on grounds of sectional advantage. I am
confident that this location would be adopted by
contractors who invested their own money m the
enterprise; but that is a geographical opinion, not
a political hope. It has been constantly assumed
that the South are most eager, for sectional pur-
poses and advantages, to get the road diverted to
the thirty-second parallel. As a southern man, I
have no such views. I believe that, if the rail-
road were built southward from the terminus pro-
posed in the bill, to cross the continent on that
parallel, it would bring with it those hordes of
44 carpet-bag men," who are dangerous to the
slave population of the country wiih which they
are mingled. I prefer the more slowly progress-
ing and more stable population that would come
over wagon roads. In a sectional point of view,
it may well be doubted whether the South has any
reason to wish for a railroad connecting the north-
ern territories with those near to the thirty-second
parallel. Believing that the necessities of the Gov-
ernment require a railroad to connect the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States, I desire to see one built.
Yet I do not believe that it can be done upon any
other line than that from the western border of
Texas to the eastern border of California, for any
sum the United States is likely to give, and the
only reason for believing that the substitute I
have offered will make such connection is, that
Texas projects a road across her own domain as
far as the Rio Grande. That is my reason for
believing that the end sought may be attained
theie, but not elsewhere.
The mines that will be intersected by that line
of road are immensely valuable. The silver mines,
if they are as rich as described, will attract thither
a large population; and the supplies for laborers
m those mines, as well as the transportation
