1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
give you the most revenue when you needed the
least; that it would give the most protection when
the least was necessary; and that, therefore, it
was not wise to make a uniform rule of ad va-
lorems. Thirteen years'experience has satisfied
me of the truth and propriety and justice of the
opinions I then held on that point. But, sir,
while I believe that upon many articles specific
duties would be better, the great majority of
those with whom I act, those who with me are
against raising the taxes, prefer the ad valorem
system. We agree that the public burdens shall
not be increased; but they differ from me as to the
manner of imposing them; and as my great object
is to prevent an increase of burdens, I shall yield
to them the manner. 1 think it probable that at
another time, with further experience, they may
change their opinions on this point; but I can only
look to those who are for ad valorem duties, to
save the country from additional taxation. I am
against additional taxation; and therefore 1 act
with those who are for the ad valorem system,
rather than with those who are for specific duties;
and who go for specifics, not becawse they are
best; not because they are wisest for the levenue,
but for the purpose of increasing the public
burdens, for the purpose of raising the public
taxes.
If you presented me a measure likely to meet
the approbation of the country, which did not pro-
pose to increase the public burdens,but simplyto
change the mode of collecting them, I should be
for it; but the Senator from Pennsylvania says all
he wants is a duty of twelve dollars on rails. I
see by the accounts received by the last steamer,
that rails were <£6 10s. at Cardiff. Twelve dollars
a ton duty is only a small matter of forty per cent.
ad valorem on the present price. He is not for
raising the duties to a high point, but he simply
wants forty percent, in place of twenty-four! He
only wants fifteen dollars a ton upon bars which
were worth <£6 6s. by the latest advices from Eu-
rope. That is a small matter of about forty-five
per cent. AH he wants is a revenue duty with
incidental advantages. He says " pile on the bur- j
dcns;l will get the incident." That is the policy i
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. He begs for j
burdens. He docs not go for protection for pro-
tection's sake; he is for a revenue tariff, if he gets
the incidents, and therefore the more weight the
more incidents. That is the Senator's doctrine. ]
He is dying for the incidents. Give him taxes; [
give him burdens; make them as high as you can; |
the greater the burden the greater the incident; ;
and theiefore he modestly asks for from forty to
forty-five per cent, on bais in older to get the in-
cident. He will make the salt worth more than
the dish. I cannot stand it. I believe his col-
league wants eighteen dollars q, ton duty on bars.
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, no. I take no part in
this. I am listening to the gentleman with great
pleasure. It is a light between members of the
dominant party.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can tell the Senator from
Pennsylvania, we have passed all that. This
question has got beyond the point of party. I
am arguing the question to American Senatois,
who, without reference to party, voted for the
tariff of 1857. If a gentleman with whom 1 act
politically, and for whom I have very high re-
spect, advances erroneous propositions on this
great question, I must meet him with arguments
of principle. My friend ft om Pennsylvania says
that he is for a revenue tariff, with incidental pro-
tection; but he will find that he can never carry,
and Pennsylvania can never carry, such a scheme
as he favors—and she may as well look it in the
face—until she goes to the enemies of at least the
Democratic organization in that State. I have
given you all the protection that 1 could ever agree
to give under any circumstances. The country
has passed that point. We were a youngcountry
forty years ago; our manufacturers were feeble;
we wanted skill, and we desired to devote it to
manufactures; and in laying our revenue, we used
it to build them up, and have built them up; and
they will go on in spite of croakers, in spite of
convulsions, in spite of parties. Our manufac-
tuies, our agriculture, our commerce, are on a
firm basis, and they will go on increasing and
gathering strength every day, every decade, every
century. It is a mistake to think of putting down
manufactures. Certain men set themselves up
as the peculiar friends of the manufacturers to
get votes. They want to use them. Manufactures
are established in this country; all the handicrafts
are established; the great powers of machinery
are established. • We have the skill, we have the
education, we have the experience, we have the
capital; and strike down your custom-houses to-
day, and the iron interest in the United States
will live and flourish everywhere, not only in
Pennsylvania, but in Georgia, in North Carolina,
in Tennessee, in Ohio, in New Jersey. You can-
not stop it. You might as well attempt to pull
down the stars or pluck out the moon. Some
men seek to give themselves consequence by ally-
ing themselves with an interest which is truly
great and immortal. I am content that it shall
stand. ;
I am content to go with you when the time
shall come when you propose really to lay spe-
cific duties for the purpose of giving more cer-
tainty, more fixedness, and to avoid frauds, which
it does. I admit that, as an original question by
itself, c&terisparibus, I prefer it to all other modes;
but I will not make it an excuse to levy thirty or
thirty-five per cent, on woolens and forty per
cent, on iron. I say the policy of those with
whom I now act—the Democratic party of the
country, and of the whole country—has been to
bring down the expenses of the Government. By
a union of all parties, and of divisions of all par-
ties, latterly, they have been carried beyond its
legitimate sphere. Bring them down to legitimate
expenditures, make them honest, make them ef-
ficient; but do not squander the public money and
then increase your revenues. A great majority
of the southern people believe that every burden
you impose, every percentage you lay, is injuri-
ous to their interests. It ceitainly enhances the
price of all articles they consume. Still they say
the.y are willing to make that concession for
common harmony, for common interests, ami for
common gloiy.
Mr. President, I have before me tables showing
the effect of the tariff of 1857, the tariff of 1846,
and the tauff of 1842, upon ourimports;and these
tables, which have been prepared with great care,
show one remarkable result. They show that the
tariff of 1842 would not bring you more than
$60,000,000 of revenue, although it laid duties of
forty-five and one hundred per cent , and a groat
many specific duties. If you had collected the
revenue under the act of 1842, for rvpry year up
to June 30, 1857, you would not have got over
$60,000,000. By the act of 1846, on the basis of
the same importations, you would get $51,000,000;
and by the act of 1857, $43,000,000. I say, then,
neither the act of 1842, nor the act of 1840, nor
the act of 1857, would support this Government,
in an expenditure of seventy or eighty million
dollars. The highest protective tariff you ever
had, would not give you revenue enough for the
presentexpenses, unless you increase the imports:
and certainly the friends of the manufacturers
would not favor that. You now pretend that you
want to alter the tariff, because, m the last disas-
trous year, it did not bring in money enough.
The tables which I have, show that the act of
1842 would not have produced, for the last fiscal
year, moie than $60,000,000. I say, then, you
must retrench. You may try to get ptotcction,
and pretend that it will do, and double your du-
ties. But here are the fables, and F challenge any
protectionist on this floor, to show that the act of
1842 could have brought us more than #60,000,000.
Then you would have a deficiency of #15,000,000
of revenue under the highest pi otective tariff you
ever passed. If you look to high duties to help
manufacturers, you must ally to protection direct
taxation, as they do in England. When she pro-
tected her manufactures, she had to increase her
internal taxation. When you carry it to the ex-
tent of shutting out the foreign commodity, you
must go to internal taxation, and you are the
natural allies of that system; not my friends of
the South, who erroneously suppose they would
introduce direct taxation with a view to break
down protection. Protection is the ally of direct
taxation, and will ultimately make it necessary.
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator who
has the floor, that we postpone this subject until
to-morrow, and let me move to take up the ap-
propriation bill; and we can make some progress
in it in the course of an hour and a half or two
hours.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will giye way,
I should like to ask a question of the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I give way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know of
the Senator from Georgia what he estimates the
annual imports will be, in ordinary times, under
this tariff?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will answer any question
with great pleasure, because I omitted many ta-
bles and records that I have before me, from my
indisposition to consume time. I have no doubt
but that the imports of the country next year will
go to $350,000,000, and they will continue to in-
crease with the productive power of the country.
Mr. SIMMONS. And you calculate on
$5G,000,000 of revenue next year?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. SIMMONS. You only go for reducing
expenses so as to make that the basis.of our ex-
penditures ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 go with him for the re-
duction. I only wish to say that now; bi\t at
some future time I will give my views on the
other points. I have no doubt, myself, that in
the course of hour I can convince the Senator
that he is wrong. If I cannot, I will go with him,
for he means right, and so do I.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Virginia
has consented to waive his motion for taking up
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill, in
order that I may present a motion now to take
up for consideration the bill for the acquisition of
Cuba. It is very evident that this debate is to be
a very protracted one. If but one speech a day
is to be made on a subject so complicated and ex-
tensive as the tariff, and if our whole financial
system, our whole system of customs is to be
debated in this form, really presenting no sub-
stantive proposition to the Senate, it appears to
me the whole remainder of the session must ne-
cessarily be occupied by that discussion alone.
The consular and diplomatic bill and all the other
appropriation bills must necessarily pass. I cer-
tainly have no disposition whatever to embarrass
the Senator from Vngima. His duty imposes
upon him the obligation of pressing at all tunes—
perhaps he sometimes presses out of season, as
well as in season—the peculiar business that is
confided to his charge; but I have his assent now
to make this motion. I wish to get this subject
up once fairly before the Senate, and afterwards
I shall not press its consideration unduly on the"*
Senate. If.there is a disposition to prolong this
debate on the tariff, a question involving, as I
said before, no substantive, direct proposition, a
meic discussion of theories in anticipation of
what may not happen during this session at all,
the presentation of a tariff bill in the Senate, ori-
ginating in the House of Representatives, I see no
chance whatever of obtaining any distinct expres-
sion of the opinion of the Sjpate on this very im-
portant question. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill for the acquisition of
Cuba.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) The first question is on postponing
the resolution before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 request that I may be al-
lowed to make a statement. I have yielded; but
I have yielded under coercion. The Senator has
given me notice that he will move—backed by his
committee as I understand lie will be, so that I
could raise no question of order—to put this Cuba
bill upon the appropriation bill. Now, sir, I could
never consent to that.
Mr. MASON. Will my colleage allow me to
interrupt him for a moment? Did I understand
him to say that the Senator from Louisiana would
move, by direction of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to put this on the appropriation bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. I said I so understood.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Louisiana
made no such statement.
Mr. HUNTER. Am I mistaken ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Did I understand the Senator
from Vitgima to say that I had assumed to speak
for the Committee on Foreign Relations?
Mr. HUNTER. I did not; I said 1 understood
you were backed by the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SLIDELL. I made no such suggestion.
Mr. HUNTER. No. I heard it otherwise.
