284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
"The country to the south of this valley (of Humboldt
river) consists of an alternation ot narrow mountains and
valleys rapidly succeeding each othei." * * * *
'•They (Use mountains.) arc sharp, locky, and inaccessible
in man} parts, hut are low, and easily passed in others.'*
*•***" They are liberally supplied with
springs and small streams, but the latter Seldom extend tar
into the plains. At the time of melting snows they toiin
many small ponds and lakes, but at otheis are absorbed by
the bod near the bases of the mountains. Grass is found in
abundance upon nearly every range, but timber is scaice, a
small growth of cedar only being seen upon a few ranges."
* * * * "The valleys are much less fertile
that) the mountains, but generally support several varieties
of artemisia, relieving them from the character of barren-
ness or desert. There are, however, many barren spots m
each of these valleys; and the soil is seldom one half cov-
ered with vegetation, even for a few acres, while the great
mass of it is merely sprinkled by the somber artemisia foli-
age, presenting the aspect of a dreary waste, unrelieved by
inviting shades, grassy plats, and floral beauties, and is no-
where suitable for settlements and cultivation."
It will be noticed that Captain Beckwith applies
the words "barren" and " desert" only to soil
destitute of any vegetation whatever;
" From Humb< Idt river there are three lines which may
be followed to the toot of the Sierra Nevada." * * *
"The fertility of this section coiresponds with that of the
line south of Humlioidt river."
Returning to June 8:
"The valley of the Humboldt as seen here, is eighteen
to twenty nnlea wide, its soil very light and friable, w ith ex-
tensive di-nncts of sand, more or less covered with the sev-
etal varieties of artemisia, which occupy so large a propor-
tion—at least nine tenths of the plains—ot our territory
between the Itoeky and Sierra Nevada Mountains, and
characterize its vegetation."
He thus describes the cartons which are neces-
sary to be passed on this route. He says:
" For ninety-six miles below the mouth of Canoe creek
to seventeen miles above Foit Reading, the couise of tiie
Sacramento lies entirely through heavily-timhpred mount-
ains, winch ri'se precipitously from the liver banks to the
height of from fifteen hundred to two thousand feet above
the stieam. Its course is winding, with all varieties of
curves greater than a right angle, and it is seldom entirely
straight for two miles consecutively; but its general courses
aie more uniform.
"The foot of the mountains along the stream is often ob-
structed by (alien rocks to such an extent as to prevent its
parage on horseback; and it is also obstructed by fallen
timber and dense thickets of brushes." * * * *
"At many points, but for short distances only, the way
is> obstructed by rocks in place The road will require to
he earned on the side of the mountains, a few feet above
the sneani at high water, thioughout this entire section to
the open valley of the Sacramento, whence it can be con-
tinued on the open plain."
What, think you, is it to cost for thatside cut,
ninety-six miles in length, with stone a gteater
part of it not in place, and therefore liable con-
stantly to slide in on any road which may be con-
structed,any excavation which may be made. He
goes on to describe this region of country, and
says:
"The two cafions of the Sacramento, fourteen and nine
mil^s in length, and the very smuous couu-e of the river
loi the space of ninety-six miles through heavily-timbered
mountains, rising precipitously from the stream, form the
principal characieus.tic unfavoiable features of the route;
the co^t of constructing a railroad along which cannot be
properly estimated until minute surveys are made."
There is something very peculiar in this route.
Instead of finding the Sierra Nevada rising with
a sharp back-bone, as was expected, viewing it
from the east and west, always rising and pre-
senting a sharp ridge against the sky; instead of
finding it as it was supposed to be, a mountain,
a single crest which might be passed by deep
cutting or by tunnelling, it turns out to be a great
plain, forty miles wide, having its own little
streams and lakes, lying between two ridges of
mountains, which rise upon its two sides like
parapets to guard it. It is the ascent and descent
over the ridges which bound this plain that con-
stitute the immense difficulty. It was, therefore,
that the engineer, with great discrimination, hav-
ingascended this plain, looked fora stream along
which he might descend from it. He struck the
fork of Pit river, followed its course, and passed
through this canon of ninety-six miles, as the
most practicable mode of descending from his ele-
vation, some five thousand seven hundred feet,
to get upon the plain of the Sacramento, as it lies
at Fort Reading. What the grade will he on some
of the descents, I do not know. I think it could
have been ascertained if the profiles had been
published; and here I will mention, in connection
with the publication of the railroad reports, a fact
that I deem it proper in this place to notice.
When the explorations were sent in, when the
maps were prepared, and after delay had worn
out my patience in waiting for them to be en-
graved, an estimate was sent to Congress of the
amount it would cost to engrave them, in order
that an appropriation might be made to permit
the War Department to have the work executed.
When that came before Congress, they chose, in
their kindness, to make the appropriation, but to
leave it in the hands of the Superintendent of
Public Printing. Those maps have not yet been en-
graved.• the part of them which has been engraved has
not yet been printed, and the country is deprived
of the profiles and detailed maps which would
have served to give them that clear understanding
of the geography of this region which must
have relieved the Senate from so much imaginary
construction of the face of the earth.
But I have been told that this route which was
surveyed is not the one which is meant; that in-
stead of going through these canons of the Sacra-
mento, some insist that the descent should be di-
rectly to Fort Reading. This, of course, includes
some lifts where thegrade would be vastly greater,
but the difference of elevation between the crest
of the ridge over which you descend to the valley
of the Sacramento and Fort Reading, calls forart
average grade of one hundred and thirty feet per
mile for forty miles, the space which you have
to overcome thisdescent. Therefore, I say it was
wise m the engineer, seeing how close h* had
come upon the valley, and how great was his ele-
vation, to seek some stream by which he might
circuitously locate the railroad to the valley, at
Fort Reading, even although he had to follow
these tremendous canons.
In connection with the passage of these mount-
ains,! have had the^ood fortune to get some in-
formation from a report of the surveyor general of
the vState of California, being the first reliable in-
formation we have m relation to the route that
passes through what is called Carson's valley. It
will be remembered that that was not crossed by
either of the exploring parties, and it may be well
for me here to state tiie reason. The party going
west, commanded by Captain Beckwith, finding
their resources nearly exhausted, instead of at-
tempting to cross from Carson*s valley over the
mountains,upon satisfying themselves that it was
impracticable for a railroad, turned north to find
some better line. They had heard of Noble's
Pass. They examined it, and found that it was
nearly, if not quite, impracticable for a railroad.
They wen ton to another, the Madehn Pass, where
they found the easiest grade which that chain of
mountains presented. Anxious, however, to sat-
isfy the public, and fully discharge the duty im-
posed upon me, another party on the Pacific was
subsequently directed to make that exploration
across the line of travel into Carson's valley. The
party was detained in the examination of the
range near Des Chutes valley until November,
and then found the snow so deep in the mountains
that they were compelled to abandon the attempt
to cross over into Carson's valley. Therefore it
was, that, until this report of the surveyor gen-
eral of the State of California was obtained, we
had no positive information ; though already the
conclusion was inevitably reached, that if in No-
vember the mountains were covered with snow so
deep that the engineers could not explore them, it
was useless to inquire whether a railroad could
be constructed there or not. This repoitof the
surveyor general, however, puts an end to all fur-
ther speculation on the subject. He gives the ele-
vations passing over by two routes, one of which
is called Johnson's Cut-Off, and the otherthe Old
Route. I refer to his report, printed in 1856.
Tiie distances and elevations are according to a
survey made m 1855, by an engineer named G-od-
dard.
I know nothing of the character of the engineer
or the surveyor general. My opinion in relation
to the engineer, however, is favorable, from the
work which he presents. It seems to hold together
! very well. It appears that, in sixty miles to the
| junction of these two roads, Johnson's Cut-Off
| and the Old Route, you <jain an elevation of four
j thousand feet. On the latter it is forty-five miles
! thence to the summit, an altitude of nine thousand
, feet, the average ascending giade being one hun-
i dred and eleven feet. You maygenerally double
an average grade in a rolling country. By John-
son's Cut-Off it is thirty-six miles to the summit; j
the altitude is six thousand seven hundred and
fifty feet, which would give an average ascending
grade of eighty feet. To descend from the sum-
mit to Carson's valley by the Old Route, requires
an average descending grade of two hundred feet
per mile for twenty-one miles; and by Johnson's
Cut-Off, an average descending grade of one hun-
dred and forty feet per mile for twelve miles. The
descent and the ascent upon both these routes,
doubling the average grade, show that it is im-
practicable to run a railroad otherwise than by
stationery engines; and, therefore, thatitis better
to attempt the construction through the Pit river
canon than to cross this mountain, unless it be by
a tunnel. There is no estimate for the cost of that.
I think the examination was rather for a stage
road, for which the pass was found practicable and
highly useful, and no authority, therefore, by
which to estimate the expenditure required to con-
struct a railroad over the mountains at this point.
In relation to the climate of this route, I would
say, that 1 believe it to be worse than that on the
forty-ninth parallel; that there is more snow upon
the line, and occasionally as intense cold; that the
liabilities to loss of life, and interruptions to the
working of a road, are greater upon it from cold
and snow, than they are upon the forty-ninth de-
gree of latitude.
Captain Stansbury, who passed the winter of
1849-50 in Great Salt Lake City, says:
I had hoped, from the representations which had been
made to me of the mildness of the two previous winters,
that we should be able to keep the field the gieater parr, if
not tiie whole, of the season ; but, in the latter part of No-
vember, the winter set in with great and unusual seventy,
accompanied by deep snows, which rendered any further
prosecution of the woik impracticable."—Report, page 120.
The winter season in the valley of the Great Salt Lake
was long and seveie. The vicinity of so many high mount-
ains tendered the weather extremely variable ; snows fell
constantly upon them, and frequently to the depih of ten
inches in the plains. In many of the canons itaceumulated
to the depth of fifty feet, filling up the passes so rapidly
that, in more than one instance, emigiants who had been
belated in starting from the State* were overtaken by the
storms in the mountain gorges, and foiced to abandon every-
thing, and escape on foot,leaving even their animals to per-
ish m the snowa. All the communication with the world
be} ond was effectually cut off"; and, as the winter ad vane; d,
the goiges became more and more impassable, owing to the
drifting of the snow into them from the projecting peaks
'•We remained thus shut up until the 3d otApuI.*'—
Page 122.
One Senator has informed us that the thirty-
seventh parallel is the proper location, and insists
on running a road straight across the country on
that line. This is an old story. We used to have
the road running straight across on this parallel
and over a very level country; which level coun-
try, when subjected to instruments, proved to be
ten thousand feet above the level of the sea, with
tunnels of such length as no man yet has ever
undertaken to cut. I had supposed that the te-
ports of the engineers had convinced every one of
the impracticability of the route. They sneak
with sufficient plainness to render any discussion
of- the physical obstacles unnecessary, tuid I will
only refer to some additional evidence m relation
to the climate of this region not drawn from the
railroad reports, of which, perhaps, Senators are
growing somewhat weary. I refer to the report
of Captain Marcy, of the recent expedition which
he made near this line, trying to find his way
down into New Mexico. He says, in his etter
dated "Taos, New Mexico, January 23, 1856,"
describing his route:
u For two hundred milc9,1 encountered from two to five
feet of snow, requiring gieat labor on the part of the escoit
to bieak a trail for the animals, and, for seveial days, I only
marched about fhree miles per day. In consequence of
this, my rations wer^ consumed ten days before I reached
the valley of the Rio del Noite, and it became necessary
to subsist my command upon mules that became exhausted
and could perform no tuithui labor."
The exposure, and loss of his party, encoun-
tered by Colonel Fremont, in the same region of
country, are well known, and must be remem-
bered by the Senate. Captain Marcy, in his
letter to Major Porter, dated June 12, 1858, de-
scribing the expedition already referred to, says:
"Our trace n alone the valley of the Grand river, to the
junction of the Bunkaree and Compadre. both of which we
torded, and ascended the latfi about fifteen nnhjs. We
found no snow in the-e valleys, and the atmosphere was
mild, with much of the grass green.
