1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
attempt to acquire Cuba; but upon that all-absorb-
ing issue which the progress of events is pressing
upon us, and which must be met; which you can-
not avoid if you would; which, for one, I would
never seek to avoid if I could. In the formation
of that issue, let us advise our friends on the other
side that we are ready, at any time, and at any
moment, to join in making up the pleadings for
the great struggle of 1860.
We understand all this. It is as transparentas
the merest gauze covering in the world. It can
be seen through by« any man who understands
human nature, as easy as we can look through a
ladder. There is no prospect, no hope, of acquir-
ing Cuba at this time and in this way. The very
proposition contained in your bill was contained
in the President's message. It has already gone
to the Spanish Government and been rejected by
the Crown; rejected by the ministry; rejected by
the Cortes—unanimously rejected; rejected by all
parties; not only as a thing'not to be'entertained,
but as a thing which would be regarded as an of-
fense, as an insult, to the Government and people
of Spain.
I do not look upon this proposition now as one
tending towards the acquisition of Cuba. It tends
directly to thecontrary result. If I were the friend
of the acquisition of Cuba at the very earliest mo-
ment, I would not vote for the proposition con-
tained in this bill to appropriate $30,000,000, and
put it in the power of the President to use it at
his pleasure, when the Spanish Government has
unanimously rejected the proposition already. It
can only be looked upon as a proposition to put
$30,000,000 into the hands of the President, to be
used as secrct-service money to bribe the officials
of Spain to go into a treaty which, in their legis-
lative capacity, they have absolutely and unani-
mously rejected.
But, sir, as I said, looking upon this proposi-
tion as preparing the issue for 1860, it is entitled
to some consideration; and, for one, I do not care
how soon the issue is formed. I am ready to go
into it now, to take up this question, and help to
form the issue for 18G0. We understand there is
a great suit going on in this country, a kind of
ejectment suit, and it is coming off in 18G0 before
the grand jury of inquest. We know where we
stand; we know what principles we are going for;
we know what Federal usurpations we are going
against; we know that to-day it is true as Holy
Writ, that the Administration in power, judged
by its measures and its policy, is but a Federal
Administration—Federal in all its notions, in all
its operations. It is steeped and dyed in Federal-
ism to such an extent that if it were possible for
the spirits of the departed to take cognizance of
what is now transpiring, the very bones of old
John Adams would rattle in the grave at the meas-
ures put forward by the chief of this Administra-
tion. On the other hand, the Republican party
of to-day, standing on the platform of Jefferson—
identical in name, in principle, arid in policy,
with the Republican party of 1800—rallying the
masses of the people of this country to its stand-
ard, are marching onward and onward to victory.
They are not afraid to join issue with you m re-
lation to this attempt to purchase Cuba, or in re-
lation to anything else. The sooner the issue is
made the better. It will be no Texas issue, you
will find.
But, sir, looking upon this measure as one wh oily
impracticable—as one so far from being calculated
to acquire Cuba, that it is more likely to compel
Spain, in a moment of exasperation, to enter into
a treaty (perhaps she has already) with England
and France, by which she will bind herself under
no circumstances, for no consideration, ever to
cede that island to the United States—looking
upon it in that light, I shall vote with my friends
on this side of the Chamber, against the taking
it up at the present time. But if, on the other
side of the Chamber, they are determined it shall
come up, and shall outvote us, I am, for one,
ready to meet the question—to meet it now, and
join in making up the issue. We will join that
issue, however, upon the living issue of the pres-
ent—the actual, practical issue of our day and
generation, which is, until it is settled, to override
ail other issues in this country; and which tends
to the solution of the two great questions on the
American continent, worthy of the consideration
of American statesmen; one is the solution of the
Anglo-American question, the other the solution
of the Africo-American question. In the solution
of these great questions the men of our own race,
from the temperate zones ofthe Old World, ming-
ling with us and being Americanized, will hold,
in the end, exclusive possession of the temperate
zones of the New; while the descendants of the
man of the tropics of the Old World now among
us will find their homes in the tropics of the New;
and, sir, they will not go there as slaves, but as
freemen, to live among freemen, and where color
is no degradation. They will go, under our in-
strumentality, not to overturn the Governments to
which they emigrate, but to aid in developing the
most productive regions of the whole eartn. This
question is pressing upon us now. You cannot
postpone it long, if you would. It is in the prog-
ress of events, and it must come on; and for one
I say, let its discussion come on.
1 did not intend, Mr. President, when I rose,
to be betrayed or drawn into any speech or take
any time of the Senate, but simply to explain the
views which would govern me in relation to the
vote which I now give, and to say that, while I
am willing to go into this discussion, and to go
into it at once, I shall feel constrained to vote
with my friends on this side 6f the Chamber in
opposition to the taking up of the bill at the pres-
ent time; lest, by a different vote, I should appear
to favor the proposition itself.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the lastsession
of Congress was consumed in discussions grow-
ing out of the Lecompton constitution. From
Congress we went home to the people . Those
discussions were there renewed; and the result
of them is before the country. Wo came here at
this short session—we, at least, on this side of
the Chamber—with the earnest and sincere de-
sire to attend to the legitimate interests of the
country. We have not thrust into this Chamber
any unnecessary discussions growing out of the
question of slavery, either in the Territories or
in any form whatsoever, before the country. We
looked, and the people looked, to the Congress of
the United States to settle, at this session, the
questions growing out of the revenue system and
the expenses of the Government.
Sir, when we saw the President of the United
States accept the oath of office, upon the eastern
portico of the Capitol, on the 4th of March, 1857,
there was in the Treasury of the United States
a surplus of $25,000,000. Two years have not
yet passed away, and those $25,000,000 have
been expended; ail the receipts of the Treasury
in the meanwhile have been expended also, and
$40,000,000 borrowed to meet the current ex-
pensosof this Government. That is the position of
this country to-day; and we are now summoned
to prepare means to carry on the Government dur-
ing the next fiscal year, and to meet $20,000,000
of Treasury notes due in the course of a few
months. We have but nineteen working days of
this session left, in which to perform that labor.
Well, sir, to-day we have listened to the Senator
from Georgia, who has demonstrated the fact that
the (Expenditures of this Administration have been
carried up $20,000,000 over the expenditures of
the Administration of President Pierce. He has
demonstrated the extravagance, the unbounded ;
and reckless extravagance, of the present Admin-
istration; and has told us further that we can re- i
trench its expenditures, that we can reform its ;
abuses. I agree with the Senator from Georgia, !
that we can reduce, and ought to reduce, the
estimated expenditures of the next year from
$75,000,000 to $60,000,000_or $G5,000,000. Wc
oughtto have a comprehensive system ofretrench-
ment, not only proposed, but carried through. All
this work is before us; but even with the proposed
reduction of appropriations, you must prepare to
meet $20,000,000 of Treasury notes due during
the coming year. You must provide additional
means even, to carry on your Government at the
annual rate of $60,000,000. The interests of the
country require that the brief remainder of this
session should be devoted to the consideration of
these great fiscal questions. I say, sir, that our
condition in regard to the Treasury Department
is not creditable. We ought not to float along in
j this way.
It was an old and sound Democratic doctrine
that we should not incur a national debt, but yet
within two years we have piled up a national debt
of $40,OOU,UOO. You have millions of extraor-
l dinary expenditures also pending before Congress
that must yet be met in some way , graving out
of your Indian wars in the Territories. "You have
an expedition that has gone to South America,
which may impose an expenditure of millions
which we cannot estimate to-day. And in view
of these facts, I say, sir, that it is a duty imper-
ative_ upon us during the next nineteen days, to
provide means for meeting at least the necessary
and current disbursements of the Government.
Sir, upon this side of the Chamber we are ready,
and have been ready all this session, to follow
where you choose to lead in reducing the expendi-
tures.
We are ready to address ourselves at any mo-
ment to the consideration of these questions of
increasing the means to meet the wants of the
Treasury, and of reducing those wants ten or fif-
teen million dollars, as they ought to be reduced.
We have other measures before us—measures
of great importance to the country. We have in
Congress some live hundred bills of a private
character. I am no great advocate for private
claims. The longer I sit here, the more satisfied
I become that the great mass of the claims that
come before Congress ought to be rejected; but
there are claims that are just, and we ought to
meet them, and settle them, fike honest and hon-
orable men. We will not allow the Government
of the United States to be sued; persons come here
with claims upon us, and we fail to address our-
selves, as we should do, to their examination and
settlement. While we act thus, we mustcertainly
expcctunjustandextravagantclaims to be throng-
ing in upon us. If we met these questions as we
should, we should have, by no means, so many
old and extravagant claims thrust forward for'con-
sideratidn.
Now, sir, this being our position, I say it is
the height of folly to intrude into this body the
discussion of this gigantic joke, this proposal to
place in the hands of the President of the United
States $30,000,000 to purchase an island from a
country that stands committed before the Chris-
tian and civilized world to scout your proposi-
tion. I am ready to meet the Cuba question
whenever and wherever it need be, here or else-
where. If Senators upon the other side of the
Chamber are determined to consume the remain-
der of the session in discussing that question, we
are ready to meet them in the debate; but we say
to them now, that it is trifling with the interests
of the Government and of the country. They
know that the discussion of this subject will not
tend to bring Cuba into the Union. They know
that the passage of this bill will not bring Cuba
into the Union. I believe upon my conscience
that the suggestions of the President's message,
combined with this proposition to put into his
hands $30,000,000, have postponed the acquisi-
tion of Cuba? I believe that it has created'a sen-
timent in Spain that would make it impossible
for any Spanish statesman to entertain for a single
moment a proposition for the sale of that island
to the United States.
Sir, there is something strange in this proposi-
tion. When James Buchanan came into the Pres-
idency, ho had the confidence of the great party
which placed him there. He had also the good
wishes of a party then in the minority, which was
willing to give his Administration all fair play,
and to judge it according to its acts. At the last
session of Congress, under the dictation of a few
ultra slaveholding States, Mr. Buchanan accepted
the Lecompton issue as the chief measure of the
Administration. Every Democrat who resisted
that test was denounced and hunted down from
one end of the Union to the other. No matter
what service they had rendered the party, no
matter how high they stood in the confidence of
the people, they were denounced, proscribed, and
hunted down, while the Administration used its
whole power and patronage to force that gigantic
fraud through Congress. It even turned out little
petty postmasters because they would not sell
themselves for their own petty offices. That Le- *
compton measure is the measure of this Adminis-
tration. It is its only measure. It is the only
test it has put upon the country. It has wrecked
itself on that test, and it cannot make another.
The President has made recommendations this
year, and the Democratic party almost universally
repudiate his recommendations. It is said that
the Secretary of the Treasury remarked the other
day that the President did not now support the
