1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
ing to the intention of the law. This money has
been appropriated by the last Congress for this
specific purpose; We need the use of it for that
gurpose. We want a court-house in the city of
altimore. We are now conducting the business
of the United States courts there m an inconve-
nient rented building. It is due to the dignity of
the Government, due to the dignity and business
of Baltimore, that there should be proper judicial
accommodations in that city. If the question of
appropriation were now a new one, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in the present embarrassed
condition of the finances, had advised against it;
if then the judgment of the House was, that it
should be postponed to a better condition of af-
fairs, I would say nothing. But, sir, under the
circumstances of this case, I put it to the justice
of the House, that it will aid me in having this
money expended as the law contemplated. The
Secretary declines to execute the law without fur-
ther legislation, and gentlemen are aware that,
with the expiration of the current fiscal year, say
in June next, this appropriation will lapse, and
our $200,000 go back into the Treasury; and,
therefore, I move the reference of the communi-
cation to the Committee of "Ways and Means,
with directions to report a bill extending that ap-
propriation for two years. I am desired to call
the previous question, and I do so.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say a
word in reply to the honorable gentleman from
Maryland. 1 intended to call the previous ques-
tion myself.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Maryland seems to find fault with the course
pursued by the Secretary of the Treasury in the
procurement of buildings for the accommodation
of the United States courts in the city of Balti-
more. I desire to call the attention of the House
to the reasons assigned by the Secretary for the
non-execution of the law. The general reason is,
that the finances of the country are embarrassed,
and that we have not sufficient money in the
Treasury to execute the laws upon the statute-
books. No valid contfact has been entered into
for the purchase of any building in the city of
Baltimore, and the execution of the law has been
deferred, orsuspended. Thatabargain was made
by the late Secretary of the Treasury is true; but
the engineer in charge of the construction of pub-
lic buildings, in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, reports that when the title to the Ma-
sonic Temple was examined, difficulties in regard
to it weie found to exist. These difficulties ap-
peared insuperable at that time, and therefore no
purchase was effected. The House is aware that
there is a law on the statute-book requiring that
before money is paid for the purchase of any real
estate, the title to the property shall be examined,
either by the district attorney of the district in
winch it is situated, or by the Attorney General;
and, unless such officer certifies to the Depart-
ment that the title is good and perfect, the money
cannot be expended.
In the case of the MasonicTemple in Baltimore,
the Attorney General considered the title imper-
fect 
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will allow me to correct that statement.
I can state, on good authority, that he is mis-
taken. I understand that the Attorney General
has never expressed any unfavorable opinion as
to the title to that property; and I can assure the
gentleman that the title which that corporation
can give is a perfectly good and valid one. I de-
sire to say, beyond that, that this only applies to
a single piece of property, and I assure both him
and the House, that then and now, suitable prop-
erty could and can be had for the purpose re-
quired, at a cost of $50,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I know nothing
myself in regard to the title to this property. 1
take the opinion of the officer whose duty it is to
examine it. I do not take the opinion of the gen-
tleman from Maryland as to whether the title was
good or not; nor was it the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to take the opinion of the gentleman
from Maryland. When the title was examined
by the law officer of the Government, it appeared
that there were difficulties concerning it.
Mr. SPINNER. There are other cases of a
like nature, that are entirely disembarrassed frotn
this difficulty of title. There is such a case in my
own district.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That question is
not before the House at this time.
Mr. SPINNER. Yes; it is involved in this very
resolution. There are other cases precisely like
it, where there is no question about title; where
the land was purchased, the title found perfect,
and where the State released the jurisdiction to
the Government of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot yield to
the gentleman from New York for debate upon
that question, because it is not relevant to the
matter under consideration. I desire to read an
extract from the communication of the engineer.
He says:
" The act referred to in the resolution, approved August
18, 1856, appropriated the sum of $200,000 to ' procure and
pay for a site,' and to erect thereon, a fire-proof building
for such purpose on such plan as tlie President may ap-
prove. Under tins act your predecessor, by the direction of
the President, conditionally purchased the property known
as the Masonic Temple in Baltimore, and the title papers
therefor were duly prepared and submitted to the Attorney
General. Difficulties arising under their examination,
which rendered the matter unsatisfactory to your predeces-
sor, a consummation of the purchase was delayed. Sub-
sequently, the parties offenng the Masonic Temple prop-
erty, advanced their demand fiom $50,000 to $65,000, when
the purchase was abandoned, and a new location sought. ,
" A conditional purchase was afterwards made of the
property known as the ' Piesbyterian Church,5 under this
act, its title examined, found defective, and the papers re-
turned to the venders."
The Secretary of the Treasury thus gives two
reasons why the act has not been executed. Con-
ceding, if you please, that, in regard to the Ma-
sonic Temple, the difficulties first found to exist
were removed, yet the venders then advanced the
price from $50,000 to $05,000. In consequence
of that advance of price, the late Secretary of the
Treasury declined to purchase. When the next
site was found, it appeared that there was a diffi-
culty respecting the title; and the Secretary of the
Treasury refused to negotiate for the property. I
think that the reasons given by the Secretary of
the Treasury for not executing the law arc good
and sufficient. I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS. Admitting the validity and force
of every objection thathas been made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, he
will allow me to say that the proposition which I
make relieves him from all trouble. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury says, in the close of his com-
munication, that the skies are brightening; that
the financial difficulties are about to vanish; that
the condition of the Treasury will be more prom-
ising and healthy. The proposition that I make
gives the Secretary of the Treasury, for two years
to come, the benefit of that probability of improve-
ment. If improvement does not come within two
years, I am afraid the better day never will come,
even with the millennium. I do not ask now that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be inconve-
nienced in the present state of the finances; but the
gentleman knows perfectly well that, in June next,
this appropriation lapses by the expiration of the
second fiscal year. Let the Secretary have, for
the next two years, the right to appropriate that
money. That is all I ask.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the proposition to instruct the
committee.
Mr. HARRIS. Will the gentleman from Mis- i
soungive me any kind of assurance that the com-
mittee will report such a proposition ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I can give the
gentleman no such assurance. I assure the gen-
tleman that I will consider any proposition that
may be made. Other propositions may be made |
hero with respect to other buildings, and thus we ;
may have a debate which would consume the
whole day. The gentleman from Maryland has ,
a colleague on the Committee of Way sand Means '
who will attend to that matter.
Mr. HARRIS. I would gladly oblige the gen- j
tleman but I really would not embarrass the chair-
man or the Committee of Ways and Means. I
prefer to submit it to the judgment of the House.
Mr. CURRY. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri to permit me to perfect the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. HARRIS. I prefer not. I would gladly
accommodate the gentleman from Alabama in any
other matter.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I moved the pre-
vious question; and as the gentleman from Mary-
land has not withdrawn his proposition, I will
permit the gentleman from Alabama to offer his
amendment.
Mr. CURRY. Then I move to amend the
proposition of the gentleman from Maryland, by
striking out all after the words " Committee of
Ways and Means," and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
And that the Committee of Ways and Means be directed
to report a bill to repeal all laws and parts of laws author-
izing jhe building custom-houses,-court-houses, post of-
fices, and all other public buildings, where no contracts have
been made for the construction of said buildings ; and that
the committee have leave to report at any time.
And now I renew the demand fo/ the previous
question.
Mr. HARRIS. Did not I renew the call for
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri made the call; and he has withdrawn it.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order,
I aslc whether it is in order to move these instruc-
tions ? Whether a motion to instruct a commit-
tee is in order.
The SPEAKER. A motion to instruct the com-
mittee would be in order unquestionably; but
whether the instructions of the gentleman from
Alabama are not of a wider scope than the origin-
al paper would authorize, is another question.
Mr. BRANCH. I only desire to rule out the
amendment, and not the original proposition.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground.'
Mr. BRANCH. Upon the ground that the
amendment is not germane.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama is not
m order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to allow me to offer an
amendment
Mr. DEAN. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Curry] demanded the previous ques-
tion, and debate is objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose to debate,
t desire to amend, the proposition of the gentle-
man from Maryland, by striking out the instruc-
tions. Will the gentleman allow that to come in?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The motion is to
refer to the Committee of Ways and Means with
ccrtain instructions, and to print. Now, I ask the
Speaker, whether the question cannot be divided,
and a separate vote be had upon the instructions?
The SPEAKER. A motion to refer with in-
structions is indivisible.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I 
Mr. DEAN. Is not the previous question pend-
ing ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DEAN. Then I object to debate.
Mr. CURRY. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion, to enable my colleague to submit his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to strike out all that
portion of th<? motion of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland that refers to instructions, so as to leave
the motion simply to refer and print. That will
give us an opportunity to vote upon both propo-
sitions. I now renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
papers upon the table, and that they be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print is not
in order; the previous question having been de-
manded. A motion to lay upon the tabic simply
is m order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does that carry the
whole subject with it?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon Mr. Houston's
amendment,
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—-yeas G7, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Atkins, Barksdale, Barr, Bon-
ham, Burnett, Caskiu, Chapman, John B. Clark, Cobb,
John Cochrane, CoeU<*nii, Cuminy, C«x. *amesCrai2, Bur
ton Craige, Crawford, Curiy, liayid ;m- Davis ot Indiana,
