1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
amine the map, he will see that such a road can
easily be reached from New Orleans, or any part
of the southern country.
But as to the southern route, a route over bar-
ren deserts, a route now proposed to be selected
for a disunion road, I am against it now, and
against it forever. I will not vote a dollar for it.
But I will make a proposition to the Senator from
Georgia, the Senators from Texas, and the Sen-
ator from California. I will give them every foot
of this Gadsden purchase—all that we bought for
$10,000,000; I will even give them all between the
thirty-first and thirty-fourth parallels, from the
frontiers of Texas to the Pacific ocean. I will
make no reservation of alternate sections; for we
should be poorer if we had the alternate sections
than we should be without them. I will give
them the whole " rich gold and silver mines;" I
will give all this to construct a local railroad from
El Paso to San Diego. That is a fair proposi-
tion. I will vote for it now, and I will pledge my
vote to it afany other time. Take that country.
We say it is worthless, unless there be gold and
silves mines in it; that for agricultural purposes
it is utterly worthless. Take it; take mines and
all; construct your local temporary southern rail-
road to San Diego, or down to Guaymas, if you
can. Perhaps this proposition maybe accepted.
It is well known that we have, south of us, a class
of uneasy gentlemen, who are exceedingly anx-
ious to get into the Senate of the United States,
or into the other House; restless, ambitious gen-
tlemen, who are organizing southern leagues to
open the African slave trade, and to conquer
Mexico and Central America. They want a road
to the Pacific ocean; they want to carry slavery
to the Pacific, and have a base line from which
they can operate for the conquest of the continent
south. Now, let these gentlemen put their hands
into their pockets, raise the money, take that
beautiful country down there, and build their lo-
cal road to the Pacific ocean. Perhaps the grants
made by Texas will enable the company to reach
EI Paso some time during the present century.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ? Will he, as a northern
representative, take the northern route, and build
their road, and not take our money out of the
Treasury to help it?
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator what I
will do.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise, not to interrupt the
gentleman, but to remark that I will accept his
proposition, on behalf of the State he has men-
tioned, so far as I am concerned, to take that
country, the mines included, and construct the
railroad.
Mr. HALE. Itoughtto be reduced to writing.
Mr. WILSON. We will put it in print; and
I tell the Senator from Texas, and I tell his col-
league, who will remain here after he has left us,
that he shall have my vote for that proposition at
any and all times while I occupy a seat in this
body.
The Senator from Georgia wants to know if
we will take the northern line. I will tell him
just what we will do, and what I propose to do.
1 am in favor of building a railway to the Pacific
ocean with the money of the Government. I
believe it is the only way we shall get a railroad
built there for many years to come. I am in favor
of starting it where this bill starts it, and running
it to San Francisco. I would build the road on a
central route, as a great national highway, with
the money of this Government. I will give the
Senator the whole of the land on the southern line
south of the thirty-fourth parallel, and I will make
a grant of land t'rom Lake Superior to Puget Sound
—a distance of one thousand eight hundred miles—
and give fifty alternate sections to the mile, limit-
ing the sale of the land to actual settlers alone,
which will yield $40,000 to the mile, to carry a
railroad across that section of the country also.
We will reserve the alternate sections on that
route, because they are worth saving.
But another reason given by the Senator from
Georgia was, that if this road was built, its ben-
efits would accrue to the northern States; it would
pass under the control of the great northern rail-
road lines; the great mammoth corporations that
have constructed railways across the continent to
the Mississippi and the Missouri. He told us that
the South would only get sometimes a stray pas-
! senger, or a stray bale of goods; but before the
close of his speech, he said that, in the South,
they paid from eight to ten per cent, on their rail-
way investments, while our roads, in the North,
paid but little, and sometimes nothing at all. I
would suggest to the Senator from Georgia, that
when he prepares an elaborate speech on a ques-
tion of this character, he pay more attention to
figures of arithmetic than to figures of rhetoric. I
have examined that subject—for this whole rail-
way system of ou rs is open to be read o f all men—
and I find that in the slave States south of this
city there are more than two hundred and seventy
million dollars invested in railroads. There is,
however, in that section of the country, but one
mile of railroad constructed to ninety-five square
miles of territory. In the free States, east of the
Rocky Mountains, with the exception of Min-
nesota, which has just come into the Union, there
are twenty thousand miles of railway out of a
total for the whole country of twenty-eight thou-
sand, and near eight hundred million dollars are
invested there. We have one mile of railway to
twenty square miles of territory. In Massachu-
setts we have fifteen hundred miles of railway,
and one mile to less than six square miles of ter-
ritory. The competition is greater, and of course
there is more rivalry between these competing
roads. Many of your southern roads have just
been constructed; they traverse long lines of level
country; many of them are mere surface roads.
They have cost much less than our roads have
cost. They have the advantage of carrying a
class of freight, cotton especially, that can afford
to pay high charges for transportation. They
have therein the advantage over our northern
lines, which have to carry wheat, corn, and other
agricultural products of less value. The southern
roads are mostly new; time enough has not yet
elapsed to wear them away; hut you will have
hereafter to lay out annually about twenty per
cent, on your running machinery, and $1,000 t0
the mile to keep your railways in repair. That
is the average in my State; and in New York it is
higher still, being nearly two thousand dollars to
the mile. The original cost of our roads in the
northern States, eastof the Alleghanies, was from
forty-five to fifty thousand dollars a mile; west,
they cost from thirty to thirty-five thousand dol-
lars. The original cost of the southern roads
does not average more than thirty thousand dol-
lars.
The railways of the entire country paid an av-
erage dividend, last year, of four and a quarter
per cent. They earned about five per cent, clear
profit. A majority of southern railroads do not
pay any dividend at all. The aggregate of their
dividends is not three and a half per cent, in the
whole southern country south of this city. The
railways of the Senator's own State are preemi-
nently profitable, equaled, perhaps, in that re-
spect, by those of no other State, unless it be New
Jersey; but the railroads of almost all the other
southern States are in process of construction.
They are about in the same condition as m the
northwestern States, wheie they have nearly one
hundred million more invested in railways than
in the whole southern section of the Union, and
about the same number of miles, and whore rail-
ways are anything but profitable at present.
Now, sir, I come to the consideration of the
"question, how shall we construct a railway to the
Pacific? 1 am in favorof constructing a railway
across the central route. I do not believe, and I
do not know a practical railroad man who be-
lieves that we can raise private capital enough,
with the security offered in the pending bill, to
locate the road to San Francisco. I will tell you
what it is, and just, in my judgment, what will
come from the passage of such a bill as this. Un-
der its provisions, a certain class of men can take
possession of the franchise—men of capital are
; not going to invest in the road; under the provi-
j sions of this bill, the road will pass into the hands
of a class of men who can carry it, starting from
j the mouth of the Big Sioux, opposite Sioux City,
I m Nebraska, down across the Platte valley, the
I best portion of Nebiaska Terntory, across the
! front of the entire Territory of Kansas, across
j the Indian Territory, and strike the so-called Pa-
j cific railroad in Texas, a distance of more than
five hundred miles over the best portion of the
country west of the Missouri river. ■ .
We all remember that Texas made a grant of
$6,000 and ten thousand acres of land to the mile
to a Pacific railroad company. I remember that,
when that'company was organized, the men who
gotitupcould not, by any possibilitvshaveraispd
$100,000 altogether, if they paid'their honest
debts. Many of them were political bankrupts
as well as pecuniary bankrupts—men who had
not a dollar; and some of them were men who
not only never paid a debt, but never recognized
any obligation to do so. They took two, three,
four, or five hundred thousand dollars' worth of
stock apiece, and I think some of them subscribed
as much as $1,000,000 in this splendid scheme.
Years have passed away, and what has Texas
got? She has got twenty-two or twenty-three
miles of railway, with two cars upon it, with no
depot, the company owing everybody within hail-
ing distance of the road; and they have imported
an old, worn-out engine from Vermont, with
which, I dare say, the Senators from that State
are well acquainted. And this js part of your
grand southern Pacific railroad. These gentlemen
are out in pamphlets, proving each other great
rascals, or attempting to do so; and I think they
have generally succeedcd. This whole Pacific
railroad scheme, under such a bill as this, may
fall into such hands as those. There may be, and
doubtless are, some honest, deluded men con-
nected with that scheme; but the whole thing, from
the beginning, has been a gigantic swindle.
Well, sir, in my judgment, the managers of that
affair, and that same class of men who are to be
found all over the country, and especially around
the city of Washington, want to get hold of this
splendid railway scheme which we are discuss-
ing; and how can they do it? All they would
have to do would be to raise $500,000—and that
would be to them the most difficult part of the
undertaking—and deposit it as security. Then
they can begin the road at Sioux City, go five
hundred miles through a fine country, and get
$12,500 a mile, more than six million dollars; and
get between six and eight million acres of good
land, worth on an average at least five dollars an
acre. Much of the land over that route I know
you cannot buy to-day for ten dollars an acre.
They will get six million acres of land, worth at
leastthirty orforty million dollars,and $6,000,000
in money, for building a railroad that need not
cost more than twenty or twenty-five thousand
dollars a mile—or say, at the utmost, thirty thou-
sand dollars a mile; and then it would not cost
more than fifteen million dollars. Thus they can
put from fifteen to twenty-five millions into their
pockets, and throw the road upon the Govern-
ment, utterly worthless as it would be; for a road
of that class would not pay its running expenses
in that country. I believe that, if this bill passes
in its present shape, we shall see that the men of
character and the men of capital will have noth-
ing to do with it. We shall see it pass into the
hands of men who will run the road down to com-
municate with the southern road that is to go to
El Paso, and weshall see itconstructed over about
five hundred miles, until it joins Texas, and then,
perhaps, a portion of the Texas road will be con-
structed where money could be made from the
lands and the $6,000 per mile granted by that
State. Then, as they approach the desert, they
will throw the road upon the Government; they
will have received millions of acres of good land,
and we shall have no Pacific railroad. Then the
Government will have to take it up and carry it
across the Staked Plain, and carry it from El
Paso to Fort Yuma, and from Fort Yuma to San
Francisco, over a country where the road will
cost from fifty to one hundred thousand dollars a
mile, and where the land is generally barren and
worthless.
I know—yes, sir, I know—that a Pacific rail-
road cannot be built under this proposition. Who
has any money to invest in such a road at this
time? Look at the four new States in the West—
Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin,and Minnesota. To-
day, railroad companies in those States hold mil-
lions of acres of land that can be reached from
New York in two or three days—some of^the
best land the sun shines upon. Money in New
York is at four or five per sent, per annum, and
