THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1859.
New Series....No. 58.
Garnett,(iartrcll, Gilmer, Harlan, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Houston, Jackson, Jewell, Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lawrence, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin, McRae,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Maynard, Miles,
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Oliver A. Morse, Moil,
Murray, Palmer, Parker, Pettil, Peyton, Pike, Pottle,
Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Hicaud, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge,
Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Hemy M. Snaw, Shorter,
William Smith, StaJlworth, Stanton, Stevenson, Williaui
Stewart, Tal hot, Geoige Taylor, Tompkins!, Tnppe, CJnder-
wood, Vallandigham, Vance, Watkins, Wilson, Woodson,
and Wortendyke—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Abhott, Adrairi, Andrews, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss. Bowie, Brayton, Butfinton, Burlm-
game, Burns, Burroughs, Ca.se, Caskie, Chaffee, John B.
Clark, dawson, Claik B. Cochrane, Coimns, Covode,
Cragui, James Craig, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes,
Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dnninick, Durfee, Farnswoith, Flor-
ence, Foster, Gilman,Gooch,Goode, Goodwin, Greenwood,
Gregg, Grow, Haskm, Hatch, Hickman, Hodges, Horton,
Howard, George W.Jones, Kilgore, Knapp, Landy, Leach,
Leidy, Lovejoy, Humphrey Maisha'lJ, Montgomery, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, l^aac N. Mortis, Freeman H. Morse,
Nichols, Oim, Pendleton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelps, Pottei, Rohbins.Royce, Scott, JudsonYV. Sherman,
Sickles, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, James A. Stew-
ait,Tappan, Thayer, Wade, Wal bridge, Waldion, Walton,
Ward, Israel Washburn, and Whiteley—82.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. KEIM stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia.
Mr. KE1TT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Kelsey; otherwise, he would have voted
"a y.M
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, stated that as the
House refused yesterday to strike out the mam
appropriations for the Globe, he would now vote
'•no."
Mr, GREENWOOD stated that inasmuch as
provision had been made for the reporting of the
Senate, he would change his vote, and vote "no."
Mr. COX asked unanimous consent to vote,
not having been in the Hall when his name was
called.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. COX. I would have voted " ay."
The vote having been announced as above,
Mr. REAGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Strike out the lullowing clau-.cs :
"For reporting the dubatuaof the first session of the Thir-
ty-Sixth Congress, $\}3,000.
*• For one hundred cupies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, and for bmdme the mi no, for the li'st session of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress, lot the use of theLibraty of the
House ot Representatives,
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Strike out the following clause:
" Fot compensation oi clerks m the officesofthesurveyors
general, to bo appoinoucd to them according to the exigen-
cies of the public soi vice, and to be employed in u ascrib-
ing field-notes of surveys, for the purpose ot preserving them
at the seat of Government, $36,000.*'
The amendment was agreed to.
Twelfth amendment:
Strikeout$74,800,'' and insert $30,000,"in lieu there-
of; so that tiie clause will read:
Foi wages of workmen and adjusteis, (at the Philadel-
phia nun?,) £3J.0'X).
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. > I call for telleis. I want
to see who is for striking at the workmgman.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Bovcc were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 84, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Strike out " £'6.v^3;" so that the clause will read :
For wane?- of woikmen and adjusters, (at San Francisco
mint.) $'100,000.
Mr. SCOTT. I want the yeas and nays. I
want to know who wiii take the responsibility of
this amendment.
The veas and nays were not ordered.
58
Mr. SCOTT demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 84, noes 51.
Fourteenth amendment:
Strike out "$45,000,in line six hundred and fifty-three,
and mseit in lieu thereof u &20,000;" so that the clause will
read*
For wages of workmen, (at the New Fork assay office,)
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike outli$34,000,"in line six hundred and fifty-eight,
and insert in lieu thereof " ^13,000so as to make the
clause read:
For wages of workmen, (at the New Orleans mint,)
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Stuke out the following lined:
" For purchase of the property in the city of New York,
now under lease to the United Stato-s tor cotutb."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded the yeas
and nays.'
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out "§1,000,000," and insert "$785,000 so that
the clause will read:
For dctraying the expenses of the Supreme, circuit and
district courts of the United State?,, including the Dutiict
of Columbia; also for jurors and witnesses-,'m aid of the
funds ansing iioin Tines, penalties, and forfeitures, meuired
m the fiscal year ending June 30, U*GO, and pieviou-. yeat-s;
and likewise for defraying the expense^ofsuitr m which the
United States are concerned, and of pioM>cniions for of-
fenses committed against the Urn ted riuu.es, and for the safe
keeping of prisoners, $785,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighteenth amendment:
Stuke out the following:
lK For compensation, m part, foi the messenger in charge
of the main furnace in'the Capitol, $420 *'
And insert in lieu thereof the lollowmg:
For compensation of the messenger to the Commissioner
of Public Buddings, and for Ins services m attending to the
mam furnace in the Capitol, which shall he in lieu of all
other compensation, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Nineteenth amendment:
lnseit at the end of the bill the following:
Foi deficiency m paper for tiic first session of the Thirty-
Fitth Congiess, 13.
For deficiency in papei for the second session of the
Thuty-Fifth Commas,
For deficiency in pimtmsj for the second session of the
Thuty-Fiith Congress, ^u^,'J50.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the nineteenth amendment
was agreed to;"and also moved to iay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsidcr the
vote by which the House concurred in. the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, striking out the appropi latton for
the workmen at the Mint at Philadelphia.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to lay the motion to
! reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is not my motion debat-
! able ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
I Mr. FLORENCE. That was the purpose I
i had in makms; the motion, because I thought 1
could convince the House that the appropriation
ought to be restored; but as the question is not
debatable, I withdraw my motion.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
| accordingly read the third time.
| Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative--yeas 93, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Admin, Anderson. Arnold, Barr. Bo-
cock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Barns,
Caskie, Chapman, John B. Claik, Clay, John Cochrane,
Cockerill, Comiris, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Ciaige, Ciawford, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmiek, Dowtfell,
Ednmndson, English, Florence, Foley, Garoettj Gartrell,
Goode> Gicenwood, Gregg. Groesbeck, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hickman. [lodges, Hopkins. Houston. Howard, Jack&on, '
George W. Jones, Owen Jones. Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy,
Lawrence, Leidy, Maelay, Meltae, Mason, Miles, Miller,
Millson, Montgomery, Moirill, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack,
Pendleton, Pejton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps,
Pin Hips, Reagan, Reilly, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, {Shorter, Sickles, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Staihvorth, Ste-
phens, Steven&on. James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Tay-
lor, Miles Tajloi, Tnppe, Vatlandigham, Vance, Ward,
WatkniSj Whuclcv, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Augustus
11. Wnght—88.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, BiKs, Brayton, Buflinton, Burhngame, Bur-
roujzhs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Cobb, Clark
B. Cochrane^ Colfax, Covode, Curtis, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Jowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, I\ur)svvotih, Foster, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Good-
win, Gianger, Grow, Hailan, Han is, Hill, Ilorton, Keim,
Kilgore. Knapp, John C. ICunkel, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, *
McKibbm, Humphrey Marshal!, Matteson, Maynard, ^or-
gan , Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Mm ray, Nichols, Ohu, Palmer,
Pasker, Pen if, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Ricaud,Kobhins, Royce,
Ratlin, John Sheiman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Underwood, Wade, Walbridee, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
waladei C. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Zol-
hcoficr—fti.
So the bill was passed.
During the call,
Mr. FAULKNER stated that he would have
voted for the bill, had he been in when his name
was called.
Mr. GILMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wood, was detained from the Plouse by sickness.
Mr. ATKINS stated that he would have voted
for the bill had he been in his seat when his name
was called. *
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. PHELPS, ofMissouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill-was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was iceeived from the Senate by
Mr. Asbuiit Dickens, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a joint resolution (H. R. No. 38) in
relation to the tobacco trade, of the United States
with foreign nations; and also, that the Senate
insisted upon their amendment disagreed to by
the House, to a bill of the House for the benefit
of the captors of the British brig Caledonia.
The SPEAKER then resumed the call of the
committees for reports.
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on
Naval AiTairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
assistant engineers of the United States Navy;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
SURGEONS, ETC., IN UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. BOCOCK. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs have directed the following bill to be re-
ported :
A bill to increase the number of surgeons, as-
sistant surgeons, and pursers, in the United States
Navy.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question being, "ShoU the bill be ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ?,J
Mr. BOCOCFC said: I hope the House will in-
dulge me, and allow the consideration of this bill
to be postponed until some particular day, i do
not care when, and I will state the reasons why
T ask it. The Committee on Naval Affairs con- , *
sidered this subject, and • directed the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] to report
this bill to the House. lie had directed his at-
tention to that subject, and had got a great deal
of in formation in reference to it, and was prepared
to advocate the passage of the bill. But he is no\y
