294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
noteharge upon thatgentleman any impropriety.
I only suppose that he has the common weak-
ness to which flesh is heir, and has some regard
for'his owii particular people in that section of
the country, who want this railroad to go from
Memphis, by way of Fort Smith, to the State of
Texas; which has made a splendid offer to carry
it six or seven hundred miles across that State,
and then to go from-El Paso to the Pacific ocean.
I think the ultimate view is to go down to Guay-
nias, on the Gulf of California. The idea that this
road is to go up to San Francisco, I do not believe.
I know that is not desired in a large portion of
the country.
And now, sir, passing from the Senator from
Mississippi, I have a word to say to the Senator
from Iowa, and I say itwith kindness of feeling.
That Senator knows that I entertain for him per-
sonal regard and respect. He spoke upon this
subject with a great deal of feeling and emotion,
and I was amazed at the course of his remarks
and the feeling he exhibited.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me, before he passes on to his gen-
eral review of the Senator from Iowa, merely to
read to him a passage which will show him (as
I do not doubt his constant averment that he
wishes to do me justice) that he is doing very
great injustice in hunting everywhere, except the
place where a man would naturally go to find it,
for what I did say ? If he will go to my report,
he will find exactly what he sgems to hunt some-
where else to discover. In speaking of Governor
Stevens's route, he will find, on page 11 of this
brief report, published in the first volume, and of
which he has therefore been longest in possession,
■ this language:
" Its cost has been estimated by Governor Stevens, by
the Columbia rivnr valley and the Cowlitz, at $117,121,000;
the cost of work at eastern prices having had twenty-five
per cent, added to it from the Bois des Sioux to the Rockv
Mountains, and forty per cent, thence to the Pacific. It
lias been thought safer to add one hundred per cent, to the
cost of eastern prices, from the eastern slope of the Tioeky
Mountains to the Pacific. This would swell the e&timatc
to SI50,871,000.
" Should Governor Stevens havp included a full equip-
ment ill his estimate,.$10,000,01)0should be subtracted froin
this sum tobringtbe estimates m accordance with those of
the other routes; and the cost then becomes $140,871,000."
_ Ho will find in the same report that no preten-
sion is made to give accurately the number of
dollars whifch each road would cost; but, by
taking a uniform standard of measurement, to
show the relative cost of the different routes.
Therefore, it was necessary either to cut down
or to add to the sums of the reporting officer,
whenever he departed from the adopted standard
of estimate, and ihus secure an accurate compar-
ison upon the report of the engineer, nothing else
being relied upon.
Mr. "WILSON. I assure the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, that I have read his report- more than
once since this debate commcnced,and I certainty
do not think I have misrepresented it in any re-
spect.
Passing, however, to the Senator from Iowa, 1
say to that Senator now, that there is probably
not a man in this body, not one here to-day, that
is more fully committed in favor of voting for a
railway to the Pacific ocean, between the thirty-
eighth and forty-second parallels, than myself. I
venture to say here, that unless it be the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Doe/glas,] who has addressed ;
us and addressed everybody, that I have spoken
in favor of the Pacific railroad to more men in ■!
America than any one in the Senate. I go fur- |!
ther; if 1 give a vote against a good, practical :
plan—a plan which capitalists, experienced men, >'
railway contractors, railway builders and engi- 'j
neers, assented to as a good bill to build a road,
that could do it—I should not only be false to
my own declarations, but false to the people I
represent; for the sentiment of Massachusetts
approaches unanimity in favor of a central rail-
way to San Francisco across the continent. |
Ihe Senator from Iowa seemed to speak as i!
know there has been no arrangement and no con-
sultation among the New England Senators here
to defeat this bill, or to decide this question in
any way whatever. The Senator says he and his
friends nave voted to protect the commerce of the
sea; they have voted for the Navy. Sir, the Navy
is for the whole country; equally for the men on
the Atlantic, the Pacific, the great lakes, and in
every portion of the Union. A vote for the Navy
is no vote for Massachusetts, any more than for
Iowa. The Senator knows, and he has had prac-
tical proof of it here, that I have given my votes
to give a splendid—yes, sir, I may use the word,
I think, fitly—a splendid gift of land to the State
of Iowa, and to the other northwestern States. I
regret to say that a vote given with all honesty
to develop and improve the country, to carry pop-
ulation there, to add to the wealth of the North-
west, and thus improve their interest and our in-
terest, has not so turned out. I regret that the
great gift of this Government in too.many in-
stances has been seized upon by dishonest men,
who have brought dishonor on their section of
the country. The Senatorknows that, at ail times
and all occasions, I have voted in favor of west-
ern interests. He will acknowledge this.
Now, in regard to this bill, I say that I do not
believe this bill can build the road; I know it can-
not build the road. If you will summon to this
capital one hundred of the great railway builders
of the country—thtf capitalists of the country—
summon them before a committee and take their
opinions, they will tell you that you can never
build the road under this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator give way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. WILSON. I shall be through in one mo-
ment. I say, sir, that opposition to this bill is no
opposition to building a Pacific railroad. It is
simply an opposition to this measure that cannot
doit; which, I think, may be entitled an act, not
to build a road, but to get land. I will vote land
on the northern route, the southern route, the cen-
tral route, if they want that; and a large amount
of it, too. I will vote for a bill that shall, give
land up, say, to the one hundred and sixth me-
ridian on the central route, and then forty or fifty
thousand dollars to the mile on the Rocky Mount-
ain region, to carry it through there; but I do not
like this giving of $12,500 in money; this giving
of thirteen thousand acres of land per mile at the
ends of this road, where you can get five or six
hundred miles of fertile country, and then throw
on the Government a railroad utterly worthless.
I cannot vote for such a bill; and 1 do not intend
to do it, or to be dragooned into it. firing me a
practical plan, and I will vote for it with all my
heart; and, in doing it, I act according to the con-
victions of my judgment, the warmest feelings of
my heart, and what I know to be the sentiment
and opinion of the people I represent. Let me
| s y> sir, that since 1 offered a bill here providing
j that the Government should survey and locate
| this road, and borrow the money to build it, T
j have received from New York and Massachusetts
j letters from some of the ablest and most experi-
' enced railway men in the country, saying that it
! was the practical plan to construct a roatf. I am
[ not devoted to that plan. I will vote for any other.
I cannot vote, however, to sacrifice millions of
i acres of the public domain with no security that
we are to have a railroad to the Pacific ocean.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
SPEECH OF HON. S. R. MALLORY,
OP FLORIDA,
In the Senate, February 21 and 35, 1859.
[revises by himself.~J
Tiie Senate having under consideration the bill providing
for the acquisition of the Island of Cuba by negotiation—
Mr. MALLORY said:
though Ins part of the Union bad "a dVoo mterest I1 w ^ PllESIIi)ENT: * Prefer going on now, late as
;«  r, ,T " . j tjie jlour is, because £ perceive that, unless the
ill this question. I beg the Senator's pardon; but
I tell him my Slate has ten dollars to his one, and
the sentiment is as unanimous in my State to-day
as m his. The Senator arraigned me, and ar-
raigned us of New England; 1 do not know by
what right. I cannot speak for others; but I
friends of this bill stand by it, we shall not get a
final vote upon it. In rising, particularly after the
address to which we have just listened, to support
* For original report, see Cong
1327. '
Globe, pages 1188 and
a bill which appropriates money for the purchase
of the Island of Cuba, my mind is embarrassed
and oppressed, not only by the multitude and va-
riety of the topics which cluster around it, and
which, as we have seen here at this moment, have,
more or less, entered into the discussion, but by
the importance and gravity of the considerations
which it involves. The honorable Senator [Mr.
Cojllamer] who has just taken his seat, has re-
ferred to this as a sectional issue, as if the South
were supporting this measure to get a few more
slave States into the Union, to restore the equi-
librium between the North and the South.
Mr. President, I approach this measure in no
sectional spirit, and shall discuss it without refer-
ence to its northern or southern aspect. The main-
tenance of the equilibrium between the slavehold-
ing and non-slaveholdiog States, the equilibrium
of numbers, or of population and representation,
is a delusive hope, and one which I have long
since surrendered. And, thank Heaven, sir, we
are independent of any such balance of power.
Sir, let me assure the northern States here repre-
sented, that if I supposed southern rights depend-
ent upon such equilibrium, 1 would exert every
effort to induce at least my own State to withdraw
from the Union at once.
No, sir; our rights in this Confederacy are not
to be held by the permission of a majority of
States. They must ever depend, under the Con-
stitution, upon our enlightened patriotism; and,
so Jong as we shall have loyal hearts and strong
arms, with the blessing of Heaven, we will main-
tain them against all odds, as those will learn who
undertake to invade them.
Mr. President, this is no idle discussion.
Whether we shall have a vote or not, the results
are to be tangible for good or evil. If this bill
shall pass both Houses of Congress, nay, if it
shall pass but the Senate, 1 trust it will appear to
Spain at least as a shadow which certainly tells
of coming events. Nay, sir, whether it shall pa3s
this body or not, the effect will be inevitably that,
by concentrating and enlightening public opinion,
it will prove to Spain that there is a destiny which
shapes the ends of this country, to which she, no
less than ourselves, must submit. Therefore, sir,
I want the discussion; I believe the effect on the
mam question will be of vital importance, whether
the bill shall pass or not.
I desire to discuss this question fairly, in its
broadest national aspect; and hence, 1 avow the
opinion, here upon the threshold of the discus-
sion, that Cuba is not for sale for money; that, in
my judgment, she has not been for sale for money
for a quarter of a century; that, for twenty-five
years past, annually, the disinclination of Spain
to part with her has been increasing; and that we
are further from it to-day, for a moneyed consid-
eration, than we have been for a quarter of a cen-
tury. Spain has seen her American offspring
wandering off, each in its separate orbit; and she
gave a most unwilling assent to their independ-
ence, on the urgent intervention of mutual friends;
and she still retains an angry recollection of their
dereliction. She has watched Cuba adhering to
the parentcountry until she has earned for herself,
with what justice I will not here undertake to de-
termine, the title of "the ever faithful;" and now,
when she has increased in strength and beauty,
i and when the mother is winning golden earnings
| from the abasement of the daughter; now, sir,
i when the ties of self-interest clustering around
i her have strengthened the ties of affection—it is
not surprising that Spain should be unwilling to
part with her. But, before I sit down, I trust to
be able to satisfy the Senate that Spain may be
induced, even now, in this very year, for a proper
consideration, a proper relation to ourselves, not
as an enemy, not as a beiiigerent, but as a friend
having mutual ties and mutual interests, perhaps
to part with Cuba upon terms creditable to both
parties.
The vigorous views so unequivocally presented
by the President in his annual message, consti-
tuting as they do, not only a marked feature of
this Administration, but of the age in which we
live, calculated, as I sincerely believe they are,
| to expedite the regeneration of Cuba, either as an
i independent Power, sustained and supported by
j our arms, or under the stars and stripes of our
II own country, have touched a chord of the popu-
