1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
The election in Nebraska was held on the 3d
of August,, 1857. Notice of contest was given
withm the time prescribed by the law of 1851.
The answer was filed on the 3d October. The
contestant, although the field is open for opera-
tion, does not serve his notice of testimony till
November; and he then cites the sitting Delegate
to appear and take testimony on the 23d and 24th
of November—within two weeks of the time when
lie was to take his seat on this floor, under the
certificate that he held from the authorities of the
Territory—although there had been forty or fifty
days before that in which the testimony could
have been taken, had the contestant been disposed
togive the sitting Delegate a fair opportunity of
being present and meeting that testimony.
But the contestant, aftet the sitting Delegate had
left the Territory on a visit to Nov/ Yoik, and
without an intention of returning until after the
close of the first session of this Congress, caused
a notice to be left in the house where Mr. Fer-
guson had formerly'resided, but where he did not
then live. One notice was left in the hands of a
party who was there but transiently, and whose
residence was some ten miles distant. Another
notice was subsequently left at the same house,
in the hands of the person residing in, and the
tenant of, the house; but neither of these gentle-
men, as appears by theaffidavitofMr. Ferguson,
was his agent or attorney. And whenone of them
did offer to appear—inasmuch as the noticc had
been- left at his house—and to cross-examine wit-
nesses, the magistrate refused to permit him to do
so, unless he could show that he had been author-
ized to appear by the silting Delegate; and so all
cross-examination was precluded. "A citizen of the
Territory, whose case was on trial—for the people
are interested in these election questions—was
refused permission to examine the contestant's
witnesses.
Mr. CLARK 13. COCHRANE. I desire to
know whether, before Mr. Ferguson left the Ter-
ritory to come to Washington, he received per-
sonal no I ire that his election would be contested ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. He had re-
ceived notice of the contest. It is in evidence
that while he was in Washington, on his way to
New York, he here met the contestant, and told
him that he was going to New York,and should
not return home until after the first session of
Congress. The contestant, therefore, knew* that
the sitting Delegate was not in the Terutory, and
that notice left for him there would never reach
him. The contestant might then have notified
Judge Ferguson, or ascertained where he would
have the notice left.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the notice of contest was not served
within sixteen days after the election?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The answer to
the notice of contest was dated on the 2d day of
October; and on the 12th day of November, one
month and ten days after the party might have
have proceeded to take testimony, he gave notice
that he would do so on the 23d of November,
within two weeks of the time when the sitting
member was bound to be here. He might have
taken that evidence before; and I submii whether
he should not have done it if he desired to give
fair play; for then the sitting member could have
been present and had an opportunity of cross-cx-
amimng witnesses.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to osk the gentle-
man from Maine, whether, as matter of fact,
without reference to the formality of the notice
served, the testimony shows that the contestee
received actual notice or not?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It appears from
his affidavit that he knew nothing about it; and
it was because of this fact that the House, at the
last session, passed a resolution authonzing both
of these parties to go home and take testimony;
and I supposed, at the time, that the contestant
would go home and give notice; and if he desired
to bring this testimony here again, he would
cause it to be taken over again, and give the sit-
ting member an opportunity to be present at the
caption.
Mr. Speaker, not only is all this testimony
ex parte, but a great part o.f it is composed of mere
affidavits; and most of that which was alluded to
and commented on by the gentleman from Indi-
ana was m the form of affidavits sworn to before
a notary public, who, the gentleman himself says,
has no right to administer an oath in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska. And, sir, there is not a sin-
gle fact upon which he relies for the material points
in his case, but what is hearsay. There is not
a single fact of importance touching the precincts
of Florence and Monroe, but what comes from
the declarations of third parties. There is not a
scintilla of testimony here which is not of that
character; whereas the rebutting testimony is
that of witnesses who lived within the precinct,
and who were sworn and cross-examined, and
state facts within their personal knowledge. The
testimony of the contestant is, as I have said,
largely composed of mere affidavits; and such,
under the law of 1851, cannot be received at all as
evidence, and no one has contended more stren-
uously than the gentleman from Indiana that this
kind of testimony cannot safely be received. In
the case of Campbell and Vallandigham last year,
it was contended, on the part of Vallandigham,
that the testimony of witnesses to the declarations
of certain parties as to whom they voted for,
should be received. The majority of the commit-
tee, I believe, were of opinion that that testimony
might be received, upon the ground that the dec-
larations of men at the time they deposited their
votes were a part of the res gesta, and must be re-
ceived from the necessity of the case, as there
might be no other way of proving how parties
voted. But, sir, there is no such necessity or ex-
cuse for it in this case, not even in reference to
the allegation made by one of the judges of the
election as to how many votes were cast at the
Florence precinct before a certain hour of the day,
because he was a legal witness, and might have
been examined—in fact, he has been, I believe.
The statement which he is reported to have made
is mere hearsay, and not admissible upon any
principle. And the same is true in regard to the
declarations of Nichols, and somebody else, who
went over from Omaha to Monroe, and made in-
quiry as to how the vote stood there, and how
many votes had been received; and then came
back and retailed, in the form of affidavits, the
statements of others, upon which we are asked
to unseat a member of this House.
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
position which the gentleman from Indiana took
last session; and- bear in mind that this evidence,
which he contended should not be received then,
was the admission of a party, made at the time he
voted, and was a part of the transaction. Says
the gentleman from Indiana, in the case of Val-
landigham vs. Campbell:
" Such \a the evidence produced to prove that twelve ne-
gro votes were cast for tne sitting member m Oxford town-
ship ; Mich is the evidenee on which we are called to decide
the riyhth of a hundred thousand people. It is inert- hear-
say; it is no eviJcnre. Updoes notstate, of his own knowl-
edge, any fact; or what means he had of knowing. He
merely retails the loose statements of bitter partisans."
Again, he says:
Another witness testifies, in regard to a voter, that the
father of the voter was a Republican ; that the family were
Republican ; that the son voted ; and of course it followed
that iiis vote was- oa^t for tiic fitting member. Is this satis-
faoiorv evidence to the io^.U <.fi>ntl 'inen onihe other side of
the IIou-.e ' U it evidence ai all ? Most certainly not."
And yet, sir, it is entirely upon evidence of this
kind that the sitting member must be unseated,if
that shall be the judgment of this House—nay,
upon worse evidence; for the reasonfor admitting
that does not apply m this case at all.
Mr. WILSON. I stand now by every word I
said then, but the House decided otherwise; and
I presume that at least the other side of the House
will be bound by the rule which they established
in that case.
More than that, there is a difference between
that case and this. Here is a declaration made
by a judge of the election, at the very time the .
election was proceeding; and it is very difficult for
me to determine whether this is not part of the
res gesta, and not hearsay evidence. But still, I
put this case upon the broader ground that the
fact that the polls were kept open contrary to law,
from six until nine o'clock, vitiates the entire
election.
Mr. WA&HBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man has changed his opinion since last session, I
have not. I maintain that hearsay evidence in
all cases is unsafe, and ought not to be resorted
to or relied upon. The gentleman from Indiana
last session recited from the case of Archer vs.
Allen, as follows:
"There is some testimony that certain persons said that
they had heard another man say that he had voted for Mr.
Alien, when he had no right to vote. But are we to dis-
franchise a congressional district of a hundred thousand in-
habitants on hearsay testimony that would not be received
in a magistrate's court when a shilling was in controversy ?"
p~9o9^* Gons' Glol>e} !st sess, 34tb Congress, vol.'33,
And again, in the same report:
lc Next, as to Alfred Cowden,the only evidence is that ho
was he^rd to say that he ]iad voted at the election ; that ha
had voted for Alien; that his vote had elected him, &c.;
and that he was not of age at the time. This evidence, the
undersigned are clearly of opinion, is hearsay eoidcnce of
the worst sort. It is no evidence at all. It would not. be
received as evidence m any couu, and it never should be
received m cases of contested elections before this House;
for, by the admissibility of such evidence, it would be the
easiest matter in the world to set aside any close election,
and defeat the will of the majority, by getting peisons to say
that they had voted illegality for the man whom, perhaps,
they had used their greatest efforts to defeat. Falsehoods,
where theie is no solemnity of an oath, are often resorted
to in elections in canvassing before the people agamstacan-
didate b«t*ore an election, as all of us. perhaps, well know;
and who that would tell a lie before an election, would not
do the same thing after Jt, if he could thereby effect the same
object? "
So, sir, in a case of this kind, where it is only
contended that the testimony must be received
from the necessity of the case, because thereds no
other way to get at the facts, if the doctrine is
sound that the testimony cannot be received,
much more is it true that there is no reason for
its admission where the declarations, if made,
were made in open meeting and must have be£n
heard and known by others. It was a mere cas-
ual remark of a judge of election not made under
oath. Sir, is it to be admitted here as safe ground
for us to proceed upon, that a man may be un-
seated in this House because a judge of elections
may have falsely, perhaps corruptly, made a
statement during the progress of an election in
reference to it? Is that aground upon which gen-
tlemen can expect us to vote against the sitting
member ? Are our rights dependent on such slip-
pery foundations as this ?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. For Che put-
pose of deciding my own vote, I would ask the
gentleman whether those facts set forth in the re-
port of the majority of the committee, the facts
concerning the precincts of Florence, Monroe,
and Cleveland, depend entirely upon ex parte evi-
dence ^
Mr.' WASHBURN, of Maine. Entirely, and
upon testimony taken, as 1 have stated, under
notices left at what was called the last and usual
abode of Judge Ferguson, at a house vacated by
him before they were thus left and in the poses-
sion of another man.
Mr. WILSON. I say there was notice as re-
quired by law. -Does the gentleman say there
was not?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do most cer-
tainly. The testimony was taken under notices
left at what was called the judge's last and usual
place of abode; left after he had departed from the
Territory; when he had leased his house, and
another was in the occupation of it. Do you call
that legal notice ? And the contestant knew, from
Judge Ferguson's statements to him in Wash-
ington, that a notice left there would never reach
him.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I recollect rightly, the
House, at the last session, extended the time for
both parties to take testimony. Could the sitting
member have called these witnesses before a com-
missioner and cross-examined them?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If they were
still in the Territory. I presume the gentleman
knows that as well as anybody. He might have
made them his own witnesses, if he pleased; but
that he would not be likely to do. There was
really no testimony by these witnesses legally
beforfi us. The sitting Delegate did not see fit to
rely upon the evidence of the runners and agents
of the contestant; men who lived in Omaha and
couldknow nothing certain;but he went to Flor-
ence and to Monroe and to Cleveland, where the
facts transpired. He took the testimony of the
men, of all others in the world, who knew exactly
all the facts in the case.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if it is not
also true that they were the very men who had
themselves participated in the frauds, if there
were frauds ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Some of the
witnesses were the judges and clerks of the elec-
tion, and some were not. There is not, I believe,
a fact stated by the judges and clerks whrch is not
