W6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Mallojy.
Senate.
of Mexico is emphatically an American sea. Its
waters wash the shores of five of our States. All
the rivers of Texas and Alabama, and part of
those of Georgia and Florida, flow into it, to-
gether with the Mississippi, and all its tributa-
ries, exposing at least twenty-five thousand miles
of internal navigation. The products of fifteen
States of the Union seek a market over its waters,
and upon its bosom floats a commerce which is
worth to-day $300,000,000, and all this commerce
passes between a nam w strait ninety-four miles
wide, presenting some seventy-eight miles of
available navigation.
This space six steams may bridge across,
and speak each other every fifteen minutes by
signals; and by an enemy possessing a naval su-
periority this would be done, and the Gulf of
Mexico would be sealed up as securely as if na-
ture had reared a wall from the bottom of the ocean
to the top. There, at the mouth, you may say,
a hostile Power would lie in wait, and sink or
capture everything that pretended to enter it. Jn
form it may be regarded, to use a familiar illus-
tration, as a demijohn on its side; and through its
mouth, between Cuba on the south and Florida
on the north, floats this vast commerce, upon
which the hills of Cuba, like sentry-boxes, look
down.
Are we not justified, then, in asserting that the
first contcst—and this must be a naval contest—
in which we shall ever become involved, will be
here? It must necessarily be so; bccausc no sea
upon the habitable globe offers such a temptation
to a maritime enemy against our commerce as the
Gulf of Mexico.
A war with either of the great maritime Powers
would necessarily find us unprepared; and though
the wonderful resources and matchless creative
powers of our country would eventually provide
for any emergency," ihe Gulf of Mexico—with
Cuba m the hand3 of Spain—would be to us a
closed sea.
There is another outlet to the Gulf of Mcxico
that ought not to be lost sight of, between the
west end of Cuba and Yucatan, between Cape
Catoche and Cape San Antonio. That outlet is
one hundred and four miles wide; but from the
adverse winds and currents which prevail there
for eight twelfths of the year, and that portion of
the year, too, when the great cotton crop and the
products of the West are upon the sea, no sailing
ship ever attempts it. They go through the other
way. From the prevailing winds and currents
there, and the circuitous passage through the Ca-
ribbean sea and out through the Mona Pass, it
would prolong the voyage to New York to twen-
ty-five days, when, in fact, it ought only to take
twelve days; and under no circumstances will
commerce seek that path.
The mouth of the Mississippi, and the Gulf
terminus of the Tehuan tepee road, are here at this
strait, and not at thy Balize, or at St. Juan de
Nicaragua.
if a bale of cotton be cast adrift at New Orleans,
and left lo the action of winds and currents, it
passes out at the Bahze, takes a southeastwardly
course, doubles the Tortugas, and reaches the
open Atlantic through this strait; and from the
lone and distant fortification of Tortugas fleets of
merchantmen are daily seen, in the freighting
season, making their way to or from the Gulf
through this pass.
The importance of a position like Cuba, a nat-
ural fortress at our very doors, has never been,
and can never be, disregarded by a statesman;
and by all parties, for fifty years, its acquisition
has been an admitted necessity.
Our language to Spain upon this subject has
heretofore apprised her that, while we would never
permit any other Power to acquire Cuba, we
would remain satisfied with her tenure of it, and
take no steps to dispossess her. And, sn, this
is the language held to-day, even by the oppon-
ents of this bill.
TheSJenatoi from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,]
speaking of (if not for) his party, says:
"These letters of the Seetelanes of State of the United
States show clearly what the policy of tin* Government irf
in relation to the acquisition of the Maud of Culm. That
policy is based, as I have stated, upon three foundations,
the first of which is, that wc will never consent, cost what
it may* to the transfer of that island by Spain to anj other
European Power. Such a transfer would be resisted by
the unanimous voice of the American people, and especial-
ly by the Republican party, as against its policy, and against
all our history. We would resist the transfer to England,
or to Prance, if need be, resist it to the very death, cost
what it might of treasure or of blood,"
I am free to express the opinion, Mr. President,
that the period of voluntary acquiescence in
Spain's possession of Cuba has passed. We
have heretofore respected it, because we believed
that Spain was both able and willing to govern
and maintain the island in a manner consistent
with the safety of our country—an ability and a
willingness to which she can no longer pretend,
as I am. prepared to show.
Have gentlemen reflected, when they talk about
being satisfied with Cuba remaining in the hands
of Spain, that this language was used by our
fathers, in our infancy, and in the day of Spain's
strength, when she occupied a position before the
nations of the earth that she no longer occupies?
In the event of war between ourselves and any
maritime Power to-morrow, what would be the
condition of Cuba? The policy of Spain would
be to remain strictly neutral, to declare the ports
of Cuba open to both belligerents alike. She un-
doubtedly would have the right to treat both bel-
ligerents alike, and neither would have the right
tocomplain. In that case, the numerous ports of
Cuba, many of them excellent, would be at the
very points where the enemy would place them.
And the enemy would have all the advantages of
ports of refuge, resort, and repair, without the re-
sponsibility of defending them.
During the late war between Russia and the
Allies, we were perfectly neutral, and made pow-
der and guns for both parties, our ships trans-
ported the troops of the Allies to the Crimea, and
would have been just as ready to transport the
troops of Russia.
Now, sir, if I am correct in my views of the
matchless geographical position of Cuba, and the
perils to us which it involves as a military, stra-
getic point, does it not fully justify, nay, does it
not demand from us prompt, energetic, and de-
cisive action? Can we wisely delay action ?
When I say that Spain is at this time more un-
willing to pai t with Cuba than she has ever been,
I keep in view the fact that her revenue from it
directly, and her commerce with it, have not only
greatly augmented, but that its importance and
value in her eyes have been greatly enhanced by
the light in which we regard it, and the price which
we have signified our readiness to pay for it.
Her unwillingness to part with it has dsobeen
sustained by the active and unceasing influence of
Great Britain and France, an infiuence<prompted
nut by any special interest of theirs in'this quar-
ter of the globe, but by a desire to thwart and
embarrass the policy and progress of our coun-
try. While she has persistently opposed our Cu-
ban policy, and even interfered elsewhere to pre-
vent our acquisition of simple coal deposits for i
our Navy in other seas* Great Britain has taken, '
with a strong hand, islands, countries, empires,
and millions of people; and on this continent, i
! from the Orinoco rtverup along the Spanish Main :
| to the Caribbean sea, and thence through the Yu-
j catan Pass to Honduras and the Bay Islands, out |
; by the Bahamas to the distant Bermudas, she has 1
< seized upon salient and stragctic points wherever i
a gun could be planted or a standard reared,
ij Now, sir, I nm for proclaiming to her and to
' | the world, that this question of Cuba is an Amer- !
;i ican question, and that this Government looks
i forward to the time, and that not a distant one, |
■i when the Gulf of Mexico shall be a closed sea, j
■ ' as much under our jurisdiction and control as is
'■ the lush channel under those of England; and
that no foreign flag shall then float upon its bosom >
l' but by the permission of the United States. ' ;
i( Britain, amongst other pretences for interfer- '
I; ence in Cuban atFairs, sets up her right to sup- :
'! press its African slave trade, and this brings me !
i to the consideration of this branch of the subject,
and I shall dispose of it biiefiy. ;
! afiucanslave trade. !
;; I am indisposed, Mr. President, to connect, in
.! any manner the question of slavery with ourCu- •
i j ban policy; for they have never been in any man- :
ner connected by any leading statesmen of our
country who have advocated the acquisition of i
Cuba. J
We hare discussed this question of domestic
slavery for twenty years, and the results have
been sectional divisions and alienations where a
common interest demanded union.
It has certainly not advanced the interests of
the negro race in the way in which the false phi-
lanthropy of its false friends desired; for it has
not freed a single slave; but it has proved, beyond
all question, that the condition of the negro slave
in the United States is preeminently superior to
that of the free negro in any part of the earth, and
that the negro's greatest happiness and greatest
usefulness are best secured under our system of
domestic servitude.
Inasmuch as I am prepared to show, as an in-
ducement to some gentlemen to vote with us on
this measure, that the African slave trade in Cuba
would cease with the transfer of the island to the
United States, I will briefly state how it is at pres-
ent conducted.
It will be remembered that Spain relinquished,
by the treaty of 1817, all right to engage m the
African slave trade, and received from Great
Britain two million dollars mainly for this conces-
sion. The trade, however, did not in the least
abate. In 1835, Britain forced Spam to make an-
other treaty, whose provisions were more strin-
gent, and by the instructions under which,it was
supposed, the trade would be broken up; but still
it continues, though upon a more limited scale,
while the " horrors of"the middle passage" have
been greatly augmented by the increased risks of
capture.
The manner in which this trade is conducted,
though more or less a mystery to the world, may
be readily understood,and it maybe briefly stated,
thus:
Under the instructions of the Spanish Govern-
ment, issued with the apparent design to prevent
the trade, slaves on the Island of Cuba are regis-
tered, and to their owners are issued, what are
called in Spanish, cedillas—which may be trans-
lated permits—and these cedulas are printed in
books uniformly, one hundred in each, and is-
sued under the authority of the Captain General;
and it is made the duty of owners to have cedulas
for their slaves.
A party wishing to engage in the slave trade,
usually purchases a fast-sailing vessel—generally
an American vessel—and pays for her at Havana
or in the United States, upon the condition of her
being delivered on the coast of Africa. She sails
for Cabmda, or some other point of the slave
coast, with a few articles required for a return
slave voyage—under the command of her Amer-
ican master or mate, with a crew to bring her back
—and, on her arrival on the coast of Africa, she
is turned over to her new owners, the master
pockets his vessel's register, returns home, deliv-
ers it to the custom-house to cancel his registry
bond,and upon it is written i'vessel sold abroad."
The Spanish owner, the moment he takes com-
mand, otfers so many of the American seamen as
he wants, liberal wages, varying from three to five
hundred dollars, for the return voyage, and not
unfrequently secures their services. The water
casks are then filled, the slave deck laid, the ca-
boose and coppers arranged, and when a favora-
ble off-shore breeze springs up, the slaves are
taken on board, in two hours if necessary, and
the vessel, with her new owner and cargo, is off
for Cuba.
. The place of landing in Cuba is previously ar-
ranged; and as the time for the arrival of the ves-
sel approaches those interested in the enterprise
are at their posts. Cedulas have been obtained
from the officer who does this part of the dirty
work of the Captain General, for the number of
slaves expected, two and a half ounces (or forty-
two dollars and fifty cents) being paid for each as
the Captain General's fee.
The slaves are landed, the cedulas being exhib-
ited to the chief authority, and to the captain of
the partido of the district, to each of whom hand-
some gratuities are paid for their connivance.
This is the ordinary course of proceeding when
the affair is successful, and the profits it yields
are enormous—the bozal costing the trader about
seventy dollars, and selling for from eight to
twelve hundred m Cuba.
But it not unfrequently happens that Mr. Craw-
ford, the British consul general at Havana, learns
