298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
1843, to Mr. Bulwer, then British Minister in
Spain, holds' the following language in relation to
this attempt, and its temporary abandonment:
"In 1841, the draft of a convention was transmitted to
Madrid, by which It was proposed to institute, by the aid
of British functionaries, an examination into the titles by
which the slaixe -population of Cuba is held in servitude.
Encouraged by the novel appearance of good faith 011 the
part of the government of Cuba, as it was then adminis-
tered, her Majesty's Government admitted the weight of
•certain objections raised against that proposal by the Gov-
ernment at Madrid, and forebore for the time to press it."
The " draft of a convention" here referred to,
had for its object an agreement between Spain and
Great Britain, that British functionaries should
proceed to Cuba, go upon the plantations, call the
negroes before them, and determine for themselves
the titles by which they were held, with the view
of liberating all introduced since 1820; and to this
humiliating proposal Spain lent a willing ear, and
sent it to Cuba to ascertain public sentiment there
upon it.
It produced an indignant remonstrance from
the Cubans; and it was temporarily laid aside,
but not abandoned.
The Count Villanuera, (who was then Inten-
dente,) said:
" Tt is not to bo presumed that any white man will be
disposed to submit to so haida fate. They will prefer to
emigrate to foreign countues to earn their livelihood and
save the lives of their children, if they do not previously
adopt the course which a state of desperation would pre-
scribe." * * * "There has been butone feeling
or opinion since the arrival of the publications in question
from Madrid, which is that the island would be irrecover-
ably lost by it to the mother country, and to its inhabitants,
who would prefer any extieme to the calamity of sacrificing
their fortunes, endangeiing their lives, and remaining m a
state of suboidmation to the negioes."
In 1850 and 1851, these demands were again
pressed by England with great energy and
warmth, but were now resisted by Spam. On
the 23d March, 1851, Senor Bertan do Lis writes
to Lord Howden:
"But it seems impossible that the well-known perspicuity
of the Cabinet of London should have ovcilooked in its
turn the immense responsibility imposed upon the Queen's
Government by the present cucunwtances of the Spanish
Antilles, and the stringent duty in which it is placed, of
proceeding with the greatest prudence and circumspection,
in all matters which may exercise either diiectly 01 indi-
rectly any influence upon the social and political situation
of tho*e colonies.
" You are aware of the dangers by which these colonies
arc menaced. You know that, for the prevention of these
dangers, for the consolidation of the security and preserva-
tion of its transatlantic possessions, her Majesty's Govern-
ment, hitherto, unfortunately, reduced to its own means,
cannot as yet rely upon the decided protection of its most
important allies."
In reply to this, on the 10th of July, 1851,
Lord Palmerston writes to Lord Howden:
" The Spanish Government will do well to consider that
if such a course of proceeding shall continue, the people of
this country, instead oflooking with displeasure at attempts
which may be made to sever Cuba from the Spanish mon-
archy, may be led to view with satisfaction the accomplish-
ment of an event, whieh, in consequence of the conduct or
the Spanish colonial authorities, will have become the only
means of putting an end to the commission of crimes which
the Spanish Crown solemnly bound itself, many years ago,
utterly and forever to prevent any Spanish subject fiom
committing.-'
On the 7th of August, 1851, Lord Palmerston
to Lord Howden:
"Her Majesty's Government deem it due to the frank-
ness which ought to characterize the intercourse of friendly
Governments, to let the Spanish Government know, that if,
as seenn to be the ease, the Government of Madrid is una-
ble tocause its subordinate officers in Cuba to cariy into
execution the treaty engagements of the Spanish Ciown
for the suppression of the slave trade, and to enforce the
laws promulgated by the Ciown of Spam in execution of
those engage~ments, the Ornish Government must deem
"tself obliged to take the matter into their own hand-1, and
vO have recourse to such measure-? in relation to it ao'may
•appear to Her Majesty's Government best calculated 10
.ccomphsh the purpose 111 view "
In another dispatch, Lord Palmerston says:
" With reference to that passage 111 M. de Mitaflores's
note, in whieh he states that the Spanish Government can-
not understand how her Majesty's Government can seri-
ously recommend a measure which would prove very in-
jurious to the natives of Cuba, when they also recommend
that the Spanish Government should conciliate the affec-
tions of those Cubans, I have to instruct your lordship to
observe to M. de Miraflorcs that the slaves of Cuba form a
aige portion, and by no means an ummpoitant one, of the
jopulation of Cuba; and that any steps taken to provide
or their emancipation would, therefore, as far as the black
jopulation are concerned, be quite m unison with the rec-
ommendation made by her Majesty's Government; that
measures should be adopted for contenting the people of
Cuba, with a view to secure the connection between that
island and the Spanish Crown; and it must be evident that
if tho negro population of Cuba were rendered free, that fact,
would create a most powerful element of resistance to any
scheme for annexing Cuba to the United States, where sla-
very still exists."
Here I will closc my review of British dis-
patches on this point, observing only that in 1853
England and Spain seem to have arrived at a con-
clusion mutually satisfactory, suddenly and un-
expectedly; for conflicting dispatches were writ-
ten on the same day by the ministers of both.
On the 16th of March, the Earl of Clarendon
wiites to Lord Howden (at Madrid) that the po-
sition of Spain " endangers the friendly relations be-
tiveenthe two countriesand on the same day Lord
Howden writes to the Earl of Clarendon that the
ft Spanish Government has agreed, to a settlement of a
question which has so long been a matter of painful
dispute."
As yet, we know not the details of this " settle-
ment';" but Lord John Russell, on the 4th of May
following, showed that they were satisfactory to
England; and from the course adopted towards
us, we are justified in believing that they em-
braced France. When we rejected the overtures
of England and France to become a party to the
tripartite treaty, Lord John Russell directed the
British minister here to say, that—
"While admitting fully the right of the United States to
reject the proposal made by Loid Mahnesbury and Mons.
de Turgot, Great Britain must at once resume her entire j
i liberty, and, upon any occasion that may call for it, be free j
to act, either singly or in conjunction with other Powers, as :
| to her may seem fit." !
! And subsequently. Lord Clarendon, as Secre- ;
tary for Foreign Affairs, announced in Parliament !
: ■that— I
"There is no portion of the two hemispheres with re- i
!; gard to which the policy of the two countries, however
11 heretofore antagonistic, i< not now in entire harmony." ;
And now, sir, can we, in justice to ourselves, 1
hesitate to act promptly upon this long cherished ]
Cuban question ? Arc we to await the final act ;
of the tragedy progressing in Cuba, the emanci-
pation of the negroes, and the revival there of
the scenes of St. Domingo?
Are we to fold our arms and permit England ■
and France to erect Cuba into a free negro colony? j
Sir, I am awaie that men still live, nay, some ;
may be found even within these Halls, who pro-
fess to regard the negro's ability to govern him- i
self as a question yet to be solved, and who affect ;
not to see this question in the light which historic
truth has shed upon it. Let me invite their atten-
tion to the presentand prospective condition of the
British colonies.
. CONDITION OF BRITISH COLONIES.
Great Britain has shown no little solicitude to
ascertain the real state of things in her West
India colonies. For this purpose, she appointed,
in 1842, a select committee, consisting of some of
the most prominent members of Parliament, with
Lord Stanley at their head. In 1848, another
committee was appointed by her, with Lord
George Bentinck as its chairman, to inquire into
the condition of Her Majesty's East and West
India possessions and the Mauritius, and to con-
sider whether any measures could be adopted for
their relief. The report of both committees show,
beyond all doubt, that unexampled distress ex-
isted in the colonics. The report of 1848, de-
clares:
" That many e-tate« in the British West India colonies
have been aheady abandoned, that many more are in the
course of abandonment, and that from this cause a very
senouo diminution 1.1 to be appiehended m the total amount
of production. That the fiist effect of this diminution will
he an increase jn the puce of sugar, and the ultimate effect
a greater extension to tiie giowthof sugar in slave coun-
tries, arid a greater impetus to slaveiy and the slave tiade."
From the same leport, we also luarn that the
prosperity of the Mauritius, no less than that of
the West India Islands, had suffered a fearful
blight, in consequence of the "glorious act of
emancipation."
A third commission was appointed, in 1830, to
inquire into the condition and prospects of British
Guiana. Lord Stanley, in his second letter to
Mr. Gladstone, the Secretary of the British Colo-
nies, has furnished us with the following extracts
from the report of the committee:
"Of Guiana generally, they say: 4 It would be but a mel-
ancholy task to dwell upon the misery and rum winch so
alarming a change must have occasioned to the proprietary
body; but your commissioners feel themselves called upon
to notice the effects which this wholesale abandonment of
property has produced upon the colony at large. Where
whole districts are fast relapsing into bush, and occasiona.
patches of provisions around the huts of village settleis are
all that remain to tell of once flourishing estates, it is not to
be wondered at that the most ordinary marks of civiliza-
tion are rapidly disappearing, and that, in many districts of
the colony, all traveling communication by land will soon
become utterly impracticable.' "
" Of the Abary district—i Your commission find that the
line of road is nearly impassable; and that a long succession
of formerly cultivated estates presents now a scries of pes-
tilent swamps, overrun with bush, and productive of malig-
nant fevers ?
"Nor aie matters," says Lord Stanley, " much better
further south."
"Pioceeding still lower down, your commissioners find
that the public roads and bridges are in such a condition
that a few estates sull remaining on the upper west bank of
Mahuica cieek are completely cut olf, save in the very dry
season ; and that with regaid to the whole district, unless
something be done very shortly, traveling by land will en-
tirely cease. In such a state of things it cannot be won-
dered at that the herdsman has a formidable enemy to en-
counter in the jaguar and other beasts of prey, and that the
keeping of cattle is attended with considerable loss fiom the
depredations committed by these animals.
" It may be worth notieing," says Loid Stanley, " that
this district—now overrun with wild beasts of the forest-
was formerly the very gai den of the colony. The estates
touched one another along the whole line of the road, leav-
ing no interval of uncleaied land.
"The east coast, which is next mentioned by the com-
missioners, is better ofl*. Properties, once ot immense value,
had there been bought at nominal puces ; and the one rail-
road of Guiana passing through that tract, a compaiauvely
j industrious population—composed of former laborers on the
i line—enabled the planteis still to work these to some profit,
r Even of this favored spot, however, they report that it
• ' feels most severely the want of continuous labor.' "
! Th.e commissioners next visit the east bank of
j the Demerara river, thus described:
| " Proceeding up the east bank of the river Demerara, the
! generally prevailing features of rum and digress arecvery-
! where peiceptiblc. lloads and bridges, almost impassable,
are fearfully significant exponents of the condition of the
plantations which they ttaveise; and canal No. 3, once
covered with plantains and cofice, presents now ^sceneof
almost total desolation "
Crossing to the west side, they find prospects
somewhat brighter; {'a few estates" are still
" keeping up a cultivation worthy of better
times." But this prosperous neighborhood is not
extensive; and the next picture presented to our
notice is less agreeable:
"Ascending the rivei still higher, your commissioners
learn that the district between Hobaboe cieek and ' Stricken
Ileuven' contained, in J 829, eight sugar and five coffee and
plantain estates, and now there remain but throe in sugar,
and four partially cultivated with plantains, by pjtty set-
tlors ; while the roads, with one or two exceptions, are m a
state of utter abandonment. Heie, as 011 the opposite, bank
of the river, hordes of squatteis have located themselves,
who avoid all communication with Euiopeans, and have,
seemingly, given themselves up altogether to the rude
pleasure of a completely savage life."
The west coast of Demerara—the only part of
the country which still remains unvisited—is de-
scribed as showing only a diminution of fifty per
cent, upon its produce of sugar; and with this
fact the evidence concludes,as to one of the three
sections into which the colony is divided.
Again hear the report:
" If the present state of the county of Demerara affords
cau«e fur deep appteiieiiMon, jour commissioners find that
Es<pfjnibo has retiograded to a still more alarming extent.
In fact, unless a large and speedy supply of laboi be ob-
tained to cultivate the deserted fields 01 this once flourishing
diftuct, thcie is great icason to feai that it will relapse into
total abandonment."
Describing another portion of the colony, they
say of one district:
"Unless a fresh supply of labor b" very soon obtained,
there is eveiy reason to fear that it will become completely
abandoned. Of a second,' speedy immigration alone can
save this island from total ium.' 4 The prostrate condition
of this once beautiful part of the, coast,' are the words which
begin another paiagraph, desenbmg another tract of coun-
tiy. Of a fourth,' the piopnetors 011 this coast seem to be
keeping up a hopeless stiueele against appioaehing rum 5
Again,' the oncc famous Arabian coast, so long the boast
of the colony, presents now but a mournful picture of de-
parted prospenty. Ilere w^re formcily situated some of the
finest elates in the country, and a large resident body of
proprietors lived 111 the distnct, and freely expended their
incomes on the spot whence they derived them.5 Once
more,! the lower part of the coast, after passingDevonshire
Cattle, to the river Pomeroon. presents a scene of almost
! total desolation.' "
" ' Berbice,' says Lord Stanley,c has fared no better. Its
rural population amounts to eighteen thousand. Of these,
twelve thousand have withdrawn from the estates, and
mostly fiom the neighbothood of the white man, to enjoy
a savage freedom of ignorance and idleness, beyond ihe
1 reach of example, and sometimes of control. But on the
condition ol the negro, I shall dwell more at length here-
after; at present u i  the state of propeity with which I have
to do. What are the districts which together form the coun-
try of Berbice? The Corentyne coast—the Canje creek—
