920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ties committed to their hands according to law.
They complied thus, I think, substantially with
the demands of the lawas to the form of the
oath.
Then, it has been said that the poll was kept
open until after six o'clock. The law says that
the polls shall be opened at nine o'clock, and con-
tinue open until six o'clock. Itdoes not say that
they shall be closed at six o'clock, but kept open
until six. They may be continued open for a'
reasonable time afterwards; but I do not insist on
that. We should not, however, throw out the
whole poll because the managers held it open too
long. Those who voted before six certainly had
the right to have their votes counted. According
to this principle, then, we should throw out all
the votes cast after six o'clock. The question is,
how many votes were thus polled after six? The
managers of election swear about fifteen. We
« have deducted these fifteen votes.
Mr. MILES. Are the minority of the com-
mittee perfectly satisfied in their minds that the
evidence establishes the fact that no more than
fifteen or sixteen votes were polled after the hour
of six o'clock?
Mr. BOYCE. I will come to that directly. That
is one of the very points we make. Having thus
disposed of the technical questions raised, I pro-
ceed to the substance of the case. I think we
ought to try and get at the justice of the case, with-
out regard to mere technical objections, and give
the seat to whoever we think fairly elected. The
difficulty that presents itself to my mind, in this
regard, is, that the evidence is extremely contra-
dictory. On the part of the contestant, there does
seem to be a prima facie case made out, but not a
conclusive one; for instance, Samuel B. Nichols
swears:
"I first visited the Cleveland precinct, I inij.uied of
every person I couid i-cc, of whom I thought f could g^t
any information, aa to the voters m tajd precinct at tlia:
clecuon; I went to the clerks and one o! the judges or elec-
tion, and askod pouui.-~-ion to take a copy or the pall list;
I failed to obtain one ; I made the tame inrjmues of them
as of others, relative to the number of voteis; those of
whom ( inqunod made e«m!tddivlory Hateinents as to the
number; the highest numbui which any oih\ as living m
the Cleveland settlement, on the day of election, was six-
teen ; they claimed Uiat theio was/i number living on Sheii
crock, in the precinct; all that I could tind tiom any relia-
ble information as residents m the whole piecinct,'either
on the day of eluction, or when I was theie, weio ten; I
found living at the Cleveland t-ettlement onI> lour men who
claimed to huv^ vuted at &aid election: there weie only
seven men Iivinsr 111 the whole precinct, and ojiivmy of them
claimed to have voted ; this number included all who lived
on Shell creek; J went to Shell creek and lound all the
Chouses, and made inquiries of all the person-* 1 could find
as to the number of poton* then living on Shell eieek, m
Monroe county, or who lived there at the lime o! the elec-
tion; the number of adult males then living there, was
three, and the number living there at the time of the elec-
tion was joui, as stated by all poisons of whom I mquned."
That is very good so long as we do Hot hear
anything else; but the evidence on the other side
is very stiong.
Kennedy says:
#" I voted at Cleveland, my place of buf>nu>&, and con-
sidered it my icstdenee ; rn> lamily temporal ilym Florence.
The hotel company had eishteen hand- at wo'ik ; with one
or two exceptions they were young men who made their
homes wherever they were at woik ; one oft he married men
had made a claim before uiovmg out; they ail,.l thought,
had a right to vote, being long enough m the county; ac-
quainted with a majority of the voteis; thinks there were
from thirty-rive to forty legal voters at Cleveland piec.nct j
lull vote not cast."
Stevens says:
"I resided in Cleveland at the election in 1857; knows
of 110 illegal voting; well acquainted with the inhabitants
ot Cleveland precinct; there were fiom thi.ty-flvu to forty
vofceia in the precinct; the full vote was not polled at that
election; II. H. Hill only voted once."
Steel says:
"A company went out to Cleveland, gome to work and .
some to settle, about the 1st of Juij; among theie pet sons- '
who went out at tin- time, and talked of settling -there. 1
were the eight persons objected to by Mr. Sclden as not. J
being lesidentb. Kennedy, Weech, Mentzer, and others,
went to Cleveland to settle permanently."
In regard to the Cleveland precinct, it seems to
mc that we oannot possibly throw out ail the
votes, as the majority of the committee think we
should.
When we go to the Monroe precinct, the same
difficulty of conflicting evidence again occurs.
Nichols swears:
"I went to the Mormon settlement callcd Beaver, or
Genoa, on Beaver creek, m Monroe settlement. I found
there the leaders or puncipal men of the Monnou settlement
or colony, namely: Messrs. Alien, TIcnty Peck, Nathan
Davis, and Charles Cooper, who was one of the judges of
election on the 3d day of August. 1 lead over to them the
names on the poll-list, and asked them to tell me each man
whom they knew as I read over the names. I counted the
number whom they stated that tneyknew, and the number
was Jorty-jive, which all or any of them knew. 1 asked
them if they knew ever> one who hved in their settlement;
they said they did. I then read over the names on the poll-
hat again, and asked them lo name each man as I read over
the names, who lived mtheirsettlement; theynamed forty.
I counted them. I asked if they knew how many men living
m'thttir settlement voted at the last election. They said
they did; that there were just forty. I asked for whom
they generally voted. They said they all voted for Judge
Ferguson."
Kennedy swears he was acquainted with the
Mormon settlement; thinks there were one hun-
dred and twenty voters; no Mormon trains about
time of election; his opportunity of knowing is as
goodas Mr. Peck's; full vote not polled.
G\ W. Stevens was considerably acquainted
in the Mormon precinct, and thinks there were
one hundred or more voters.
Charles H. Whaley, probate judge of Monroe,
Was pretty well acquainted; thinks there are about
one hundred voters in Monroe and Genoa; thinks
the election fair; did not know of one illegal vote;
votpd for Chapman; challenged some of the voters.
W. P. Pierce, manager of election; pretty well
acquainted; thinks there was no illegal voting.
R. P. Kimball, clerk of election; pretty well
acquainted; thinks the election perfectly fair;
thinks there were more than eighty-seven legal
voters in the precinct then; the contest for county
seat made each side vigilant in challenging votes.
How are we to decide from this evidence that
the sitting Delegate is not entitled to his seat? If
it was proved that these witnesses for the sitting
member had committed perjury or yere not en-
titled to belief, there might be some reason in it;
but there is no such proof or allegation. How,
then, can we say that the vote of this precinct
should be thrown out ? In the absence of any alle-
gation of perjury we are obliged to receive this
testimony, and we, therefore, cannot throw out
the vote of this precinct.
In regard to the Florence precinct the same dif-
ficulty of conflicting testimony occurs. Dono-
van t, says:
"Moi amn Tom voted four or five times; heaid one of
th" judges of election, between eight and nine o'clock, p.
m., ?-ay thatthiee hundred and seventy-three votes were
polled.
'• U Cresghton was told by one of the judged of election
'about live o'clock, or after,5 that two hundred and seventy-
one votes weie polled.
'• The poll at Florence, at election m August, 1858, was
one bundled and fifty nine.55
That is the evidence applying to Florence.
Ferguson says:
" R. \V. Steele, one of the managers of election, says
not over' fifteen votes were polled after six o'clock.' The
negro sworn to by Donovant a«3 voting, offered to vote but
was i ejected ; does not believe Mormon Tom voted more
than once ; there wa-s no Mormon train near at the time of
election, and none such voted ;knew ail who voted, except
tnose from Saiatoga; there were about thmy of them;
mobt of them voted lor Thajoi; .=ome perhaps fur Chap-
man; doe-> not think any o! them voted for Chapman; should
not believe Donovant on oath ; believes he swore falsely
in a preemption claim ; had that reputation.''
Now, according to this testimony, some fifteen
votes were cast after the hour fixed by law, for
closing; the polls. Those fifteen votes ought to
be excluded, but still the sitting Delegate would
be entitled to his seat. The case is not free from
difficulty, but I think that the contestant has not
made out his case sufficiently, to justify us in
ousting the sitting Delegate. I am, therefore, in-
clined to render a Scotch verdict, and consider
the case as not proved. It is not made out by
complete evidence. I therefore offer the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution:
&tnke out all after the vvoid (i resolved," and insert:
That Fe ner Fcrcuson i* the legally-olected Delegate
from the Territory ot Nebraska.
air. STANTON. With the permission of the
gentlemen from S«?uth Carolina, I move to amend
by inserting between the words "is"and " the,5'
the word " not," so as to make it read:
That Fenner Teigu^onis not the legally-elected Delegate
from the Tenitory ofNelaa^ka.
We can thus have a test question upon declar-
ing the seat vacant.
Mr. BOYCE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to submit a few ob-
servations on this subject. I will do so within the
compass of ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will give
way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. GILMER. If it be the pleasure of the
House to adjourn now, I have 110 objection.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes before fouro'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 10, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. J. C. Granburt.
The Journal of yesterday was read ami approved,
, EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the correspondence relative to the claims
of British subjects to proprietary rights in the
Territories of Washington and Oregon; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No.' 560) for the relief of Lydia Fletch-
er—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 868) granting a pension to Robert
Purchase, a soldier of the revolutionary war—to
the Committee on Pensions.
BRIG CALEDONIA.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House insists on its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 218)
for the benefit of the captors of the British brig
Caledonia, in the war of 1812, insisted on by the
Senate, asks a conference 011 the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill, and had appointed
Messrs. John Hickman, of Pennsyivania, J. Mor-
rison Harris, of Maryland, and Israel T.
Hatch, of New York, managers of the same on
its part.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to consider its amendments to that bill, disagreed
: to by the House of Representatives; and
1 On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
; Raolvcl, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
j to the said .bill, disagreed to bv the Hou-so of ilepresent-
! ative*, and a«rec to trie conference ask^d by the House on
! the disagreeing votua of the two Hou^ea thueon.
, Orderpd, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be^ippoiiued by the Vice Piesident.
! Mr. Bell, Mr. Toombs, and Mr. Clay were
! appointed.
I LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
I The message further announced that the House
| had passed a bill (H. R. No. 711) making appro-
i priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
j cial pxprnst's of Gf>ve.-nm<'hf-fnr the year ending
! the 30th of Jane, i860; winch, on motion of Mr.
; Hunter, was lead twi^e by Us title, and referred
i to the Committee on Finance.
I GOLD MEDALS TO AMERICAN OFFICERS.
> Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Piesident, the
| House ofRopresentatives has passed a joint reso-
| lution granting" the consent of Congivsa that Cap-
i tain Maury and Professor Bache may receive
I certain medals presented to them as presents by
! the Government of the King of Sardinia. That
1 resolution has been referrod'by the Senate to the
! Committee on Foreign Relations, and by that
> committee I am now directed to repot t it back with
. a recommendation that it pass. Before doing so,
however, I desire to make a remmk or two.
i The very enlightened and able representative of
. the King of Sardinia, at Washington, some time
' ago communicated this fact to Genera! Caps, and
hes ia a communication to the Senate, which was
referred to our committee, informed us of it. It
seems that a like communication was made to the
other House, and they have anticipated us by
passing this resolution. Therefore, sir, it pre-
sents itself m this form instead of that of an ori-
ginal reportfrom the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations, and I think the Senate will take some
peculiar satisfaction in passing this resolution at
once; not only because of the great and distin-
guished merits of our two fellow-citizens, Mr.
Bache and Captain Maury, but because of the ex-
alted character of the Government from which
these testimonials come. The King, in the kind-
est manner, has signified not only his appreciation
i of the scientific services of these gentlemen, but
