1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
east and west banks of the Berbice river—and the west
coast, where, however, cotton was formerly the chief arti-
cle produced.5 To each of these, respectively, the follow-
ing passages, quoted in oider,apply:
" The abandoned plantations on this coast, which, if
capital and labor could be procured, might easily be made
very productive, are either wholly deserted, or else appro-
priated by hordes of squatters, who, of course, are unable to
keep up, at their own expense, the public roads and bridges;
and consequently all communication by land between the
Corentjne and New Amsterdam is nearly at an end. The
roads are impassable for horses or catriages, while for foot
passengers they are extremely dangerous. The number of
villages m this deserted region must be upwards of two
thousand five hundred, and as the country abounds with
fish and game, they have no difficulty in making a subsist-
ence. In fact, the Corentyne coast is fast-relapsing into a
state of nature.
" Canje Creek was formerly considered a flourishing dis-
trict of the country, and numbered on its east bank seven
sugar and three coffee estates, and its west bank eight es-
tates, of which two were m sugar and six in coffee, making
a total of eighteen plantations. The coffee cultivation has
long since been entirely abandoned, and of the sugar estates
but eight still now remain. They are suffering severely for
the want of labor, and being supported principally by Afri-
can and cooly immigrants, it is much to be feared that, if
the latter leave and claim their return passages to India, a
great part of the district will become abandoned.
" Under present circumstances, so gloomy is the condi-
tion of affairs here, that the two gentlemen whom your
commissioners have examined with respect to this district,
both concur in predicting ' us slow but sure approximation
to the condition in which civilized man first found it.'
" The negroes, who, in a state of slavery, were comfort-
able and prosperous bejond any peasantiyin the world,
and rapidly apptoachmg the condition of the most opulent
serfs of Europe, have been-by the act of emancipation irre-
trievably consigned to a state of barbarism."
Surely it is no wonder that the hurraing of the
English people has ceased.
"At the present moment," says the London Times for
December 1, 1852, " if there is one thing in the world that
the British public do not like to talk about, or even to think
about, it is the condition of the race for whom this great ef-
fort was made."
Not so with the Abolitionists of this country.
They still keep up the annual celebration of that
great event, the act of emancipation, by which,
in the language of one of their number, more than
half a million of human beings were 11 turned
from brutes into freemen."
I will not delay to show the condition of Ja-
maica and other colonies. The same results of
negro self-government, beggary and vice, every-
where exist.
And here let me say to the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] whom I see in his seat,
and to whose novel plan of surrendering the
tropics exclusively to the negroes I listened, that
if he can show me a square mile of earth on this
globe which exhibits the negro's ability to govern
himself and prosper, I may confess that his notion
has some foundation at least. Why, sir, I do
not know in what city or town the honorable
Senator resides; but I will undertake to say that
if any negroes are there, it has its negro quarter;
the filthiest and the most shunned in all the city;
and that their progress, stimulated as it must be
by false philanthropy, has never carried them
beyond the menial employments in whi'ch they
are usually found.
Emancipation, sir, has been a total, a wretched
failure; and it has illustrated a singular feature of
the negro race, namely: that, just as there are
certain grains and fruits which the industry of
man has redeemed, by careful culture, from their
original and savage nature—from some wild grass
or bitter nut—which, if withdrawn from his care,
will lelapse back to their original type; just so
does the African in these colonies, when left to
himself, relapse back, stage by stage to the origi-
nal barbarism of his fathers.
CUBANS.
It is not my purpose to review the grounds oc-
cupied by the opponents of this bill at this time;
but there is one objection taken, which, consider-
ing the time and place in which it is made, is too
remarkable to pass over.
It is said that the Cubans are Catholics, and
therefore averse to, and unfitted for, liberty; and
that the Catholic Church is hostile to freedom.
An assertion so irreconcilable with the truth of
history scarcely merits a serious answer; but, sir,
if this charge shall ever be made under circum-
stances requiring a response, Heaven grant that
the Church may have the privilege of confronting
her enemies here before the freest and greatest
forum upon the earth. As one of her humblest
followers, and a most indifferent one, I regret to
say, perhaps the only one in this body, I stand
always ready in her defense; but, sir, she needs
no defense. There she stands, with the historic
truth and traditionary lore of eighteen centuries
clustering around her head, her annals illustrated
and adorned by the proudest names and monu-
ments of earth; her teachings sublime and uni-
versal, her morning sacrifices to the ever-living
God welcoming the sun in his coming, and her
vesper bells cheering his departure throughout
the bounds of earth.
Sir, let this charge be seriously made, and its
refutation will be found in every forum, and upon
every field where freedom has been lost or won.
I am unauthorized, sir, to express upon this
subject any opinion but my own; but, in my
judgment, the enlightened Catholics of the world
to-day would regard the transfer of Cuba to this
country as a measure well calculated to advance
the interests of the Church.
It is also alleged that the Cubans are ignorant;
that they are satisfied with Spanish dominion, and
desire no change. Sir, I profess to know some-
thing of the Cubans, and I feel bound tojremind
those gentlemen who have dealt here in wholesale
abuse, and in some innuendos against their indis-
position to liberty, against their incapacity for
self-government, against their ignorance and su-
perstition, that in a population of about six hun-
dred thousand whites they sustain one dailyjour-
nal,atleast, having nine thousand daily circulation;
while in the mother country there is not a single
paper that has two thousand, and that daily jour-
nal, about the size of our Journal of Commerce,
is twice the size of any in Spain.
Let me say that, deprived of every office of
honor, trust, and profit, not permitted to enter the
Army or Navy, not permitted to enjoy any of the
benefices of the Church, not permitted to leave the
island, or return, without permission; or bear
arms, or enter upon a trade, or transfer a resi-
dence, without permission; crushed by law, and
regarded by habit as an inferior race, they have
yet speedily adopted many of our mechanical con-
trivances, they have shown the most remarkable
capacity for managing their own affairs, in the
administration of the island, as its unrivaled pros-
perous commercial and agricultural condition to-
day manifest, and they are the planters and me-
chanics of Cuba, while the old Spaniards are the
governing class.
They have sought the United Statesupon every
occasion; and those that you have seen here are
fair specimens of the Cubans. In private virtues,
I do not believe they will compare unfavorably
with our own people. The spirit of hospitality
rests upon every Creole mansion in Cuba. Most
especially does it to an American. The misera-
ble pretense has hpen set up, and sometimes urged
here, that this people, crushed and downtrodden
as they are, do not desire a change of govern-
ment. It is the most preposterous presumption
on earth, that a people thus crushed, living almost
within hearing of our own bells which celebrate
the anniversaries of our independence, coming to
our country, educated in our public schools, car-
rying back with them and spreading the principles
of civil and religious freedom, should tamely sub-
mit to the rod, if they could possibly avoid it.
Why, sir, these people, within my own recol-
lection, have, on five different occasions, organ-
ized a well-directed revolution; and the existence
and maintenance of an army of trained soldiers,
usually twenty-five thousand men, never less than
seventeen thousand, and numbering, with the mili-
tia and partidos, twenty-five thousand at all umes,
besides the government spies—the very existence
of this force shows how much Spain fears the
spirit of the people. But for the maintenance of
a standing army, a great deal larger than this coun-
try ever had, or, I hope, ever will maintain for
years, Cuba would have been free by the exer-
tions of her own sons long ago. On every occa-
sion, when manhood and courage could be shown,
the people of Cuba have not been backward. But
the dawn of that glorious morn which is yet to rise
upon Cuba is already struggling up to our vision.
The influence of young Cuba, of a generation ed- ;
ucated under free institutions, is beginning to be !
felt; and Heaven grant that the soil which has '
been moistened by the blood of the Ageuros, of;
Lopez, and of Crittenden, may soon cease to af- i
ford a resting-place for the oppressor. In thatlittle
melancholy affair of her chosen liberator, Lopez,
there was one company of forty-three men, com-
manded by a young Cuban of Cardenas, some of
whom went from our shores under my own eyes;
some of them were my own friends: they appealed
to me whether to go, or not. I told them it was
going to absolute, certain destruction. But they
left their wives, their children, their property—
nay, they would not take a suit of clothes with
them, because they would have to go back to their
houses to pack them up. They elected cheer-
fully to die; and, they said to me, they would be
ashamed to look their countrymen in the face if
they could remain away when there was an ex-
pedition on foot to free the Island of Cuba; and I
believe, to-day, they but expressed the honest con-
viction of every Cuban heart in the island. I be-
lieve there is not a Creole in the island who would
not raise his hand for freedom; and, if the island
is to be bought, they are ready to assist to raise
the money, if necessary. Gentlemen here have
notentereu into a calculation of the fund that may
be raised on the Island of Cuba, either by the sale
of her public property, the acquisition of her pub-
lic lands, or the voluntary subscription of her own
people.
But, sir, they are habitually crushed by the
despotic will of a Captain General, at the point of
the bayonet; a man who is not unfrequently sent
to Cuba because he has become dangerous at
home. In illustration of *this, I need go no fur-
ther back than the present reigning Viceroy. All
men who have given any attention to the affairs
of Spain, will recollect that this same General
Concha revolted against his royal sovereign in
Gallicia. They remember very well that he
turned over to the Government, and was sent back
to murder and butcher his old companions whom
he had assisted in rebellion. They remembe?'
that, after he returned from the Island of Cuba in
1853, as Captain General, he again raised the
standard of revolt against his Q,ueen to depose
her, and made his pronunciamento in the streets
of Madrid; that he fled, was pursued, declared a
traitor, and condemned to death; but with the
tortuous ways of Spanish diplomacy and Gen-
eral Concha's own'matchless character and abil-
ity for intrigue, he was recalled from France and
sent to Cuba, and declared a loyal citizen, to gov-
ern over that island; and when he got there, in
perfect keeping with his character, he seized the
very friend who had stood by him in his adver-
sity, and who, it was supposed, was possessed
of papers which might compromise him, and ho
commanded the judges to put that friend to death,
because he said he had in his possession sufficient
evidence to convict him of treason. Under his
dictation, but fortunately spreading the order
upon their records, they did condemn him to
death; and Pinto was garroted under his orders.
Such men as these are sent to the Island of
Cuba with a nominal salary of $50,000 a year, but
a despotic power to crush out of the people any
amount of money they may think proper. Bin,
m spite of all this, the people of Cuba to-day pre-
sent a degree of commercial and agricultural pros-
perity that is hardly to he seen in any similar lati-
tude upon the face of the globe.
The slave trade is encouraged by Spain in di-
rect opposition to the Creole sentiment of the
island, and in no wise can they be held responsi-
ble for it.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Florida give way for a motion to adjourn? it is
now quarter past six. He can go on to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. I give way.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to suspend his motion for a moment. Be-
fore the conclusion of the question, which the
Senator from Louisana has given us notice he
means to press to-morrow evening, I shall desire
to say a word, and that word I desire to say to
the northern Democracy.
I say distinctly I desire to say it to them; and
whenever, during to-morrow, I shall have an op-
portunity of speaking, I wish their presence, be-
cause what I have to say I design for them espe-
cially and separately.
Mr. KENNEDY. If the vote is to be pressed
to-morrow evening 
Several Senators. No. No
