92%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
rine signals, have instructed me to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and declared the report of the committee concurred
,in.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
While the President was putting that question, I
rose for the purpose of speaking to it. 1 was not
recognized, and the vote was declared carried. I
want to know how that can be done?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
ric-k.) The Chair did not recognize the Senator
in time. What js the point of order to which the
Senator rises?
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to speak on the reso-
lution which the Chair has now pronounced car-
ried.
Mr. CLAY. I will relieve the Senator by mov-
ing a reconsideration of the vote agreeing to the
report of the committee.
The motion to reyonsider was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the report will now
lie on the table.
The report lies on the table.
Mr. CLAY. The same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of citizens of Mobile,
Alabama, praying the removal of the Choctaw
and Dog river bars, have instructed me to report
it back, and ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, on the ground that it is inexpedient
to legislate on that subject at this time. I will
state,t>y permission, that they have done so, in
conformity with their action at the last session of j
Congress, when it was determined that it was in- !
expedient to borrow money to make any works j
of internal improvements, and have reported none
for that purpose.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of the Mayor and City
Council of the city of Racine, Wisconsin, praying
for .the construction of a pier-head on the north
pier at the harbor at that place, and the erection
of alight-house thereon; a memonalof the board
of trade of Racine, praying the construction of a j
pier-head on the north pier of the harbor at that
place, and the election of a light-house thereon;
and a memorral of citizens of Racine on the same
subject, asked to be discharged from their further
cpnsideration; which was agreed to.
Ele also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. P. C. Davis, in
behalf of the owners of the schooner E. S. Rud-
derow, wrecked on the coast of Florida, while
freighted with Government stores,praying indem- j
nity, asked to be discharged from its further con- |
sideration; which was agreed to. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom I
was referred the petition of Noah Fairbank, pray- i
ing that sea-going sail vessels of a certain tonnage |
be required to take with them, on every voyage, a ;
copy of the " directions for making fresfi water •
fiom sea water," asked to be discharged from its '
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He aiso, from the same committee, to whom :
was referred the petition of W. Y. Gill, pray ins: an
examination of an invention madeand patented by j
him, to pvotecttiiler-ropesofsteamboalsand other 1
vessels from lire, asked to be discharged from J
its further consideration; which was agreed to. <
He also, from the same committee, to whom J
were referred the petition of D. R. Burbank,and ;
the petition of John Barbee and others, praying an |
examination of an invention made and patented ;
by W. Y. Gill, to protect tiller-ropes of steam- j
boats from lire, and the enactment of a law tore- !
quire steamboats to use the same, asked to be i
discharged from their further consideration; which j
was agreed to. !
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom j
was referred the biil (fc>. No. 447) authorizing the t
removal of the offices belonging to the United !
States and occupied by the collector of the rev- i
enue in connection with the quarantine station in 1
the port of New York, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 549) for the relief
of James P. Cook, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary; winch was
agreed to.
Hte also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Falmouth, !
Massachusetts, praying the establishment of a i
new station for the use of the light-house estab- ,
lishment at Wood's Hole, reported adversely 1
thereon; and the report was agreed to. |
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the petition of Samson P. Moses, |
praying to be allowed the benefit of the second i
section of the act of July 21,1852, fixing definitely '
the compensation of the collector at Astoria in
the settlement of his accounts, as collector of the
Puget Sound district, reported adversely thereon;
and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report t>f the 'Secretary of the
Treasury relative to the present condition of the J
new custom-house at New Orleans, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which j
was agreed to. • !
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the j
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
517) regulating the times and places of holding
the courts and reorganizing the divisions of the
district of the United States court for the district
of Iowa, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 482) to divide the State
of Iowa into two judicial districts, reported it
without amendment, and adversely.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a i
communication from residents of Key West, Flor- :
ida, relative to the mail service between Charles- |
ton and Havana reported a bill (S. No. 569) to j
provide for the transportation of the United States j
mails from Charleston, South Carolina, bySavan- j
nah, Georgia, and Key West,Florida,to Havana, ;
in Cuba; which was read, and passed to a second j
reading. * j
Mr. GREEN, from thq Committee on Territo- i
ries, to whom was referred the memorial of Henry (
O'Reilly, John J. Speed, jr., and Tal. P. Shaff- j
ner, proposing to complete a telegraphic connec- '
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific States, by
the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, reported adversely thereon; and the report
was agreed to.
He aiso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of the
Territory of New Mexico, asking an appropria-
tion for the capitol and penitentiary buildings in
that Territory, reported adversely thereon; and j
the report was agreed to. |
Mr. GREEN. There was referred to' the
Committee on Territories a jointresolution of the
Legislature of Kansas, asking an extension of
their presentsession. The committee, seeing that
it will expire to-morrow under the law, and that
it would be utterly impossible to pass a law in
time to give them that extension, ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
ROAD MAP.
Mr. BRODERICK submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rcsoh'ed, That the Secretary of War be requited to fur-
nish to the Senate, at the earliest practicabic permd, the re-
poit and map of the wagon-road loutes extending from
Dodger's Pass to City lloekt?, in Utah Territory, recently
tifuiMnitied to ht-i Dep.utment by Captain Simpson, of the
topographical engineers.
LIGHT-HOUSES ON LAKES.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to itKiinre into the expediency of repairing or rebuilding the
light-houses at Detour, White Fish Point, aud Manitou
I&iand.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen-, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled joint resolution
(H. R. No. 38) in relation to the tobacco trade of
the United States with foreign countries; and it
was signed by the Vice President.
INDIANA ELECTION QUESTION.
Mr. BAYARD. In pursuance of the notice
which I gave yesterday, I now ask the Senate to
take up for corr&i'deratfon t*he re'port of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in relation to the memo-
rial of the State of Indiana. That question, I
suppose, is entitled to be taken up whenever called
for, and it certainly ought to be disposed of.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report
made by Mr. Bayard, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, relative to the election of the Honora-
ble Messrs. Lane and McCarty to the Senate of
the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
very respectfully submit to Senators that, unless
there is less conversation, it will be impossible to
transact business.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of the
resolution accompanying the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will be read.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no resolution.
The fact is, the report states that the application
is one which the committee considered as already
settled, and that it requires no further investiga-
tion; and the committee ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. That is the result.
Mr. SEWARD. It is a resolution, then, ask-
ing the Senate to discharge the committee from
the further consideration of the subject. That,
of course, will lie over until to-morrow. 1 now
ask the Senate to take up the resolution which I
submitted some days ago, allowing the applicants
for seats as Senators from the State of Indiana to
appear and argue their case before the Senate. I
ask the Senate to take that resolution up, for the
purpose of disposing of it before the report of the
committee is considered by the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the motion of
the honorable Senator from New York, as I un-
derstand, is to take up an independent resolution
submitted by him, which bears really no relation
to the report of the committee. The committee
ask to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial, 2tnd the report shows that
the ground upon which the committee ask that
discharge, necessarily negatives the idea of any
hearing on the part of these claimants, or their
being entitled to seats upon this floor. 1 will
state very briefly what the report of the com-
mittee will show—the ground upon which they
acted.
The Senate of the United States, at its last ses-
sion, after a prolonged contest, decided, by a sol-
emn vote, that the two sitting Senators from In-
diana were entitled to their seats—one until the
4th of March. 1861, and the other until the 4th of
March, 18C3. After the passage of that resolu-
tion by the Senate, on the same state of facts now
presented by the memorial of the Legislature of
Indiana, the same question being before the Sen-
ate for decision, the Senate hav^pg the exclusive
authority to judge of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its own members, the Legislature
of Indiana, on behalf of the State, assumed the
right to revise the decision of the Senate of the
United States, and to treat as a nullity that de-
cision, and proceeded to elect Senators, when the
seats, by the judgment of the Senate, were already
full. l,forone, at least, consider, riot that the State
of Indiana, but that the Legislature, has lost sight
of that respect which it owes to the Senate of the
United States, when it has made a solemn decision
on such a subject. If they had meant to ask us
to revise our opinion, the proper course would
have been to have memorialized the Senate, with-
out undertaking to reverse their decision. They
did not wait for that. They undertook to revise
the decision, and to treat it as a nullity. They
undertook to elect Senators in defiance of the de-
cision. For one, therefore, I am not disposed to
sanction such a course of action on the part of any
State, no matter how great may be my regard fur
the rights of the States of the Union—and^my re-
gard is very great for them, and I should oe jeal-
ously watchful of any invasion of their rights: buE
I think this body has its own rights; and when
the exclusive jurisdiction is vested m us, and we
have decided the question, decided the subject-
matter, decided that the parties were entitled to
their seats in this bod y, it is not open for any other
tribunal to act in the face of our decision.
Under these circumstances, I do not think we
are called upon either to recognize, in any mode,
any parties presenting themselves as claimants to
seats on this floor, which the Senate have al-
ready adjudged to be filled. This is substantially
the ground on which I acted; and, therefore, I /
