300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
Mr. BBODERJCK. It cannot be pressed then.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hope not. I desire to be
heard on this question. I am prepared to go on
to-night, or to speak to-morrow.
Several Senators. We willhearyou to-mor-
row.
Mr. PESSENDEN. You may depend upon
it, the vote will not be taken to-morrow night.
Mr. BRODERICK. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
Friday, February 25, 1859.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
same subject.
■ Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, when I had
the honor of last addressing the Senate on this
bill, I took the broad ground which has been as-
sumed by every statesman of our country who
has ever had this question under consideration,
that the Island of Cuba is essential to the gen-
eral welfare of the United States, and to its mili-
tary defenses: I endeavored to show its remark-
able geographical position in a strategic military
point of view. I further endeavored to show why
it was that the statesmen of our country, from
Mr. Jefferson to the present day, including all
complexions of political parties, Whigs as well
as Democrats, have uniformly used the language
that the United States would not seek to disturb
Spain in the possession of the island. It was
when Spain was comparatively, as compared
with the iest of the Powers of Europe, a strong
nation, and we were relatively weak. It was said
with the understanding that Spain could main-
tain her status in Cuba, and would govern it in
such a manner as to be compatible with our in-
g^resls. Who supposes, for a moment,-that any
of these leading men, most especially Mr. Cal-
houn, would have used such language if the al-
ternative of the Africanization of Cuba had been
submitted to him ? If it had been seen, in 1845,
that Spam was taking measures to turn the slave
population of Cuba free, and to reduce it to the
condition of Jamaica, or St. Domingo, does any
man suppose that Mr. Calhoun would not have
been in favor of adopting immediate measures for
the acquisition of Cuba, if necessary in the man-
ner he pointed out, by the alternative of arms?
Yes, sir; he would have Celt then, as many of us
do now, that it is our duty, openly and in the
face of the world, to take Cuba, and taik about it
afterwards.
In this connection, also; I endeavored to show
the weakness of Spam, and herinability to main-
tain her neutrality, in the event of any difficulty
between her and any of the European Powers,
and I will do it more fully to-day. It is manifest
that, in a war between ourselves and Great Brit-
ain, or France, it would be impossible for Spain
to pretend to neutrality; or if she did, she would
have but to open her ports to both belligerents
alike, and to offer the same facilities to ourselves
and to our enemy, to insure to the enemy the
greatest possible advantages, and to us the great-
est possible detriment; and if it did not, experi-
ence has taught us that Britain, as an enemy, has
never regarded the rights of neutrals. In our own
brief naval career in the last war, we saw that, at
Valparaiso, she attacked our fleet when lying
under the guns of a neutral port, and she did the
same at Fayal, and if we wanted further assur-
ance we might take her conduct at Copenhagen.
It is fallacious to proceed on the ground that we
can recognize longer a continuation of Spain's
authority over Cuba, oil the presumption that she
can, if she would, govern it m a manner compat-
ible with our interests in the event of difficulty.
In the event of war, she could not so govern it,
and in pyace, as we are now, she is so governing
it as to show the very worst possible aspect to
our interests.
GOVERNMENT OF CITBA.
Mr. President, Spain has a written constitution;
and under its provisions, life, liberty, and proper-
ty, find general security. In her national assem-
bly, or Cortes, tho people, no less than the State
and the Church, are represented; but from the
provisions of this constitution, and from the Cor-
tes also, unhappy Cuba is excluded; She sent
her deputies there in 1837; but they were igno-
miniously excluded. They published an indig-
nant remonstrance to the Spanish nation; but it
had no effect, and Cuba was turned over to the
tender mercies of royal ordinances and special
edicts. Governed by a viceroy, under the title of
Captain General, who is clothed with all the
powers usually devolved on the commander of a
besieged city; who exercises power over life,
liberty, and property; who, trained in the camp,
and at the head of an army, recognizing no di-
vided authority, enforces a despotic will at the
point of the bayonet; who, not unfrequently found
a traitor or a troublesome character in his own
country, is sent to Cuba to govern her people, to
burnish up his own reputation, and recruit his for-
tunes; Cuba stands out to-day as the most appal-
ling instance of misgovernment on the face of the
earth—a despotism to which the misrule of Japan
is absolute freedom. I will say to my friend from
Vermont, who deprecated any allusion to the gov-
ernment of Cuba, that I am surprised at him. I
am surprised that, in this nineteenth century, here
in the American Senate, we should not be per-
mitted "to speak of a despotism within almost
hearing distance of our own shores, which has
existed under our own eyes, to which our citizens
are compelled to submit, and which we have yet
made no effort to obviate. The Senator says they
are under no compulsion to go there. We have a
treaty of amity and commerce with Spain, of 1793,
under which our people go there, and they go
there with the understanding that they are enti-
tled to all the rights, and subject to the laws and
usages, of Spanish citizens. To an American the
shield of the law means something; it conveys,
at least, the idea of some protection; but let me
tell him that in Cuba, where the supreme power
is the will of the Captain General, no such pro-
tection is found. A very intelligent English trav-
eler, (Phillips,) who cannot be supposed to be
biased, says of the government of Cuba:
" The government of Cuba, though, as already said, sim-
ilar to 1 hat ot' the parent Stare, id much moie oppieftsive.
It is a kind of military despotism, or, latlier, an oligarchy, j
in which the love of dominion is earned to a bpccies of fa- 1
natieivm, find degraded into meanness. As nothing is too
large lor its ambition, so nothing is loo small for its cupid-
ity. Its appetite is insatiable, and us digestion ommveious.
There are no limits to its rapacity. Both tho legislative,
judicial, and executive power ai'e almost entirely in the
hands of the Governor. Indeed, the power with which he
is. invested is almost equal m extent to that granted to gov-
ernors of besieged towns. Even the higher classes may be
said to have no civil rights; neither those of peisonal lib-
erty, personal security, nor personal property—immunities
declared by Blackstone as the inalienable birthright of every
man.
" The taxation is said to exceed in variety and extent that
of any tax imposed by any Government in any counriv of
its &ize upon earth, namely: upwards of twenty million
dollars collected by the order and for the uses of the Span-
ish Government alone, independently of those appropriated
to the wants of the country itself, or for social purpOvSes.
" The Creole population are excluded from almost ali in-
fluential and lucrative offices and positions. The judges
and most of the officials are from Spain ; and, being with-
out t-alarie*, like eo many vultures they prey upon the un-
protected within their junsdiction. There are no means,
dishonest, tyrannical, or cruel, winch the Spanish author-
ities have left untried in their apparent endeavor* to ruin
the colony. Rrihery and corruption seem to be recognized
as neces>saty methods of this Government.55
The natural fruits of such a despotism are vis-
ible to every eye 111 Cuba; they are making them-
selves manifest everywhere, and every depart-
ment of her government exhibits, habitually, in
all its intercourse with our citizens, a degree of
corruption that can hardly be imagined—a cor-
ruption that extends from the highest officer to
i the lowest, from the Captain General, who re-
■ ceives his bribes in ounces for violating the faith
: of his country, for violating her treaty obligations,
| foradmitting slavesknowing!y,down to the hum-
' ble tide-waiter, who receives his bribes in dollars
; for making a false custom-house return. All is
i corruption,all is bribery in their ofEeials,and in-
1 tegrity is the exception to the rule.
OUR COMMERCIAL RELATION'S WITII CUBA.
i I will now briefly review our commercial rela-
1 tions with Cuba, so far as they bear upon the
. question of annexation, for I hold that if we had
i in this respect pursued a wise policy, the acqui- i
, sition of the island would have been an easy mat- I
' ter to-day. |
: But if our worstenemies had devised some cun- \
i ning scheme for alienating the Cubans and driv-'
ing their trade from our ports, they could not
have performed the task better than we have done
it for ourselves.
AsCuba's nearestneighbor, and as the cheapest
producers of all the staples of life, we ought nat-
urally to engross a very large share of her trade;
and such would be the natural result, did we per-
mit Cuban vessels to purchase in our ports; But I
will undertake to say that if our ports, from Maine
to Texas, were examined to-day, you would find
no Spanish vessels in them bound to Cuba; and
I remember that the last time, some four years
ago, I examined this subject, our exports to Cuba
in Spanish bottoms amounted to $12,000, while
those from Great Britain reached nearly three
millions. Cuba sells to the United States double
the value of what she receives in products; but
under no wise system could this possibly exist.
For example, if our imports from Cuba this year
shall be $15,000,000, our exports in value will be
$7,500,000, leaving us her .debtor §7,500,000; a
debt which we do not pay directly to Cuba, but
which we pay, through exchange on England and
France, to Spain, to equalize her balance against
Cuba, Cuba sells to England, either directly or
through " Cowes and a market," as much as she
receives, and the commerce between them is about
equal. Spain takes $3,600,000 of Cuban products,
and she sells to Cuba $9,000,000, or nearly three
times as much; but of this $>3,600,000, much is
not consumed in Spam, but m the ports of the
Levant and the Adriatic, going first to Cadiz and
Barcelona. France sells to Cuba §2,500,000, and
Cuba sells to France $2,000,000; or, if the value
of Cuban produce which goes through Spam into
France be considered, their trade is "about equal.
Under the American flag, Cuba would receive
from us sixteen twentieths of all the articles she
now imports from France and England; and to
illustrate the commercial change which her incor-
poration into the American Union would work,
let us look alone at the article of flour.
Cuba consumes three hundred thousand barrels
of flour per annum, only nine thousand of which
are American; and I estimate her population at
one million six hundred thousand, a grade higher
than it has been placed on this floor. I have rea-
son to believe this to be correct. On Spanish flour
the duty is $2 50 per barrel, and on American it
is $10 81 per barrel, a discrimination of $8 31, or
more than the first cost of the article, against us;
and the consequence of this enormous protection
to Spanish flour has been to confine its use mainly
to the wealthy classes. Were flour admitted free,
they would consume three fourths of a barrel each
per annum, or one million two hundred thousand
barrels of American flour, which would sell in
Cuba at $5 per barrel, for §6,000,000, instead of
the $45,000 worth of flour we now sell them.
Lying, as Cuba does, at the very doors of the
flour and rice market, these articles would be car-
ried there in the small Spanish vessels, which
would make short voyages, and supply the mar-
ket upon a sudden demand at all the ports of
Cuba.
When the independence of her American colo-
nies was acknowledged by Spain, and privateer-
ing under the Colombian and Mexican flags
ceased, Spain had not a ton of commercial ship-
ping upon the ocean. Her naval power was in-
significant, and she at once adopted a policy to
create a school for seamen, and to build up her
navy; and her first measuie was to discriminate,
in levying duties upon ships and merchandise, in
favor of her own vessels against those of ail the
world.
Mr. Van Ness, being then our Minister at the
Court of Madrid, was directed to remonstrate
against this system. Spain refused to recede, and
upon the petition of certain shipping interests,
Congress adopted the suicidal policy of retaliatory
measures—measures which struck a heavy blow
at the agricultural and commercial interests of the
country.
With the view of coercing Spain into the aban-
donment of her policy, we passed the two acts of
1832 and 1834, levying discriminating duties on
Spanish vessels; and these acts, directed against
the trade of Cuba and Porto Rico, have the fol-
lowing effect:
A Spanish vessel takes on board at New York,
or any other American port, a thousand barrels
