1859.]
APPENpIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
35th Cong....3d Sjsss.
Acquisition, of Cuba—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
of flour, and goes to the custom-house to clear.
If she be destined for any other place in the world
than Cuba or Porto Rico, she is compelled to give
a bond in double the value of vessel and cargo*
that no part of it shall be landed at either of these,
islands. Here, at once, is a discrimination {.not
designed by the law) which effectually throws'the
Spanish vessel out of the freighting business, for
a commission has to be paid to the merchant for
giving the bond ; and from this vexatious expense
all other flags are free.
But if the vessel be destined for CUba.or Porto
Rico, then the collector demands the payment of
' a sum of money equal to the discriminating duty
chargeable in Cuba upon the same cargo as be-
tween a Spanish and an American vessel.
If, for example, this cargo of flour landed in
Cuba from a Spanish vessel would pay seven dol-
lars per barrel duty, and- from an American ten
dollars—then, upon every barrel at New York the
collector wouid charge the Spanish vessel three
dollars, and call thi#& tonnage duty.
A more restrictive measure, or one better cal-
culated to legislate Cuban trade from us, could
not have been devised:and this explains the enorm-
ous balance of trade against us.
No nation but ourselves pursued this course,
and England and Prance have largely increased
their Cuban trade in consequence.
To show how this has ever been regarded by
the Cubans, I will request the Clerk to read the
following portion of the report upon the trade of
Cuba, made to the Captain General in 1844, and
which I have translated for that purpose:
" To show the injustice of the measure, (alluding to the
act of 1834,) let us compare the imports of the two coun-
tries (Cuba and the United States.) Our vessels corning
from the United States pay. on the value of their cargoes,
from seventeen and one tourih to twenty-one anil one iourtn
per cent., and those of the Americans, with same cargoes,
from twenty-tour and one fouith to thirty and one fourth per
cent.; the difference between the two is from seven to nine
per cfiu.j giving a mean difference of eight per cent.''
Page 583. . . ..
" The Government of the United States has the indispu-
table ught to exercise equal discrimination upon our vessels
to protect theirs and the products of their country, as have
all other nations; but, has it done so by the enactment of
this law ? No. May it please jour Excellency, the Amer-
ican Government has said that, in addition to the contribu-
tions common to other vessel-, those of Spain engaged in
the trade of Cuba and Porto Ilico shall pay an additional
duty equal to the difference imposed on thes>e islands be-
tween national and American vessels ; that is to say, if for-.
* <rn vessels pay in the United States twenty per cent, more
than American vessels, tho^e ot the islands must pay^a dif-
ferential duty of twenty-eight per cent-; a duty which aug-
ments just in proportion as we decrease the buiden^ imposed
on our vessels, though w<> do notinerea&e those of the Amer-
ican vessels."—Pages 283-4. .
"In other wotd*, may it please your Excellency, it is
equivalent to the dprlaratinn of the Amencan Government
to that of his Majesty: m vain you think to protect your
shinmn", even at the ccnt of their public revenue; because
iusteomuch as you lighten your burdens upon it, just so
much will we augment ours upon it i buch a violation of
the rights of nation® can hardly be conceived on the part of
a great and liberal Government, ctnd still less that it bhould
be"tolerated by Spain.55—Ibid
"This violation is more flagrant and manifest as itfC-
spects exportation*. A* to importations U is very wHI to
levy equal (not different) duties upon cargocs imported into
both nations reciprocally, because the productions of the
country thus have protection ; but with respect to importa-
tions what motive can the Government ot the United states
have to levy tin* differential duty if it be not the extinction
of our shipping, even at the cost of her own productions."—
Thus then, if to-morrow our Government shall deem
it right to make a sacrifice of all parts of the imposts upon
our marine which it now pays, have strangers the right to
receive the same in their ports? Evidently no, your Kvcel-
lency *, ail they can rightfully do is to imitate the Gov®J[J-
inentof Spam, and to piotect their mar.neat the cost of the
same sacrifice. But to augment the duties on our waseMn
nioportion as we decrease them, when we do not increase
those upon American vessels, and to convert this sacrifice
made by the Spanish Government into a means for its de-
struction, is what has never been pretended to by any other
nation, and cannot he tolerated by Spam without disgiace ,
No complaint was ever more just, and, so fai-
ns we have gone, we have recognized its justice.
Two committees of this body, and two Secreta-
ries of the Treasury, Mr. Walker and Mr. Cor-
win, have recommended the repeal of these laws
in elaborate reports.
PURCHASE OF CUBA..
I venture the opinion, sir, that we can purchase
Cuba only by combining with a money C0"S1(]-
eration certain commercial concessions and ad-
vantages to Spain. The commercial spirit of
Spaing fostered by her Cuban trade, and in the
hands, principally, of the active, energetic people
of fJata.loma—the .Yankees of Spain, as they are
called—is steadily .advancing.
' Spain, in he* .own tonnage, sends her surplus
flour, wines, oils, .fruits, &c., to Cuba, to th,e
value of $9,GOO,OOQ, and charges imposts on them
there, thtis concentrating the interests of her pro-
ducing clashes in herretentio'n of this trade. ISow,
the people ofSpain know well that whatever sum
of money might be paid for Cuba would be used
or squandered by the Government, or the Court,
the most corrupt in Europe, and that they would
derive but little benefit from it commensurate
with the loss of Cuba. They know that, for the
last fifty years* Spain has witnessed but a suc-
cession of..revolutions, and that every ministry
ejected from office left an empty treasury to its
successor?* to be replenished by extra taxes, un-
til the national debt to-day amounts to over seven
hundred million pounds sterling.
The vice and rapacity of ministers, and the cor-
ruptions of ber Court, however, h£ve not changed
the Spanish people. They are the same—honest,
brave andLtrtie—that they were in Spain's palm-
iest days, retaining their primitive virtues with
their primitive customs; and in riding through the
roads and beneath the old chesnuts of La Mancha
to-day, you will encounter pretty much the same
groups of peasantry, dressed in the same stylo,
inviting you with the same salutations to partake
with them of the same style of breakfast with
which they greeted our old friends, Don Cluixote
and Sancho. . ,
Connect the offer of money with a right of
Spain to preserve her home trade with Cuba for
a period—say forty years—and it would carry
great weight. There would then be apparently
no interruption to her commerce by the transfer,
and the industrial interests of Spain would sus-
tain no sudden sensation. Nor would her oils,
wines, or fruits, compete with any agricultural
interests of ours; and, moreover, her carrying
trade, which is her principal school for her naval
seamen, would not be destroyed.
Spain needs money; she has long been on the
verge of national bankruptcy. Lord Gorge Ben-
tinck, speaking for the British holders of Spanish
bonds in 1846, in Parliament, used the following
language:
"The debt due from Spain to Biitish holders amounts to
about ;£46.000,000, the interest on which, ot three and a
half per cent, is £1.610.000; and this sum deducted from
the total revenue of Cuba and Potto Rico alone, would
leave a surpluQ income to Spain from those sources or
£652 500. The annual value of the produce of the island
of Cuba is about £9,300,000, whilst the revenue of Havana
alone increased in twelve years, namely: from lSlo to iba/,
fi om £1.726,963 to $4,383,262. Here, then, is wealth to re-
vav the'whole debt due by Spain to British bondholders.
Now, as the whole Spanish navy only amoxmh to three ships
of the line, five frizes, and twenty sloops, bugs, and smaller
vessels of war, so far a* the prutUnceof the case goes I think
the most timid Minister need not be under anxj appi ehension
that, whatever course was taken, there would be any very
effective i esistance on the part of Spain. I think, thrn, 1
have shown, that there is capability on the part ol bpain,
and that it only requires the application of an energetic sys-
tem, on the part of the noble Lord, to show her the neces-
sity of placing herself m a position to pay her debt*'^
"But in what manner are the revenues of Spain wasted?
Whv. I find that the royal household, one ot the most cor-
rupt and profligate in Europe, cost* £435,000 a year, being
un\vard« of £140,000 a year more than the Queen ot bug-
land receives.''—Hansard's Parliamentary Debates, third
series, vol. xcni.
SPAIN'S POWER TO RETAIN CUBA.
Itmust be admitted that, in a war between Spain
and any of the great Powers of Europe, Cuba
would be the coveted prize and would fall from
her grasp. ,
Mr DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Florida will allow me for a single moment,
as lie is passing oil to another branch of the dis-
cussion, I desire to read a single extract, m rela-
tion to the condition of the Liberian settlement
on the coast of Africa.
Mr. MALLORY. I would lather that the ben-
ator would introduce that when he makes his
own remarks. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course, I do not desire
to interrupt the honorable Senator.
Mr. MALLORY. Spain's future power ts to
be judged by her past condition and present weak-
ness; and 1 will briefly sketch her troubled ex-
istence for the last forty-five years.
In 1814, on the fall of Napoleon, that wretched
and imbecile creature, Ferdinand VII.> returned
from his French prison to Madrid, and'was once
again a king; and, surrounding himself with the
adherents of absolutism, heimmed lately proceed-,
ed to establish a despotic Government, and-did
so. This lasted about 'three years, the times
varied by insurrections and anarchy. The glori-
ous patriot Riego then raised the standard of re-
volt sucessfully, overthrew the Government, pro-
claimed the constitution of 1812, under which the
Cortes were convened,and liberal principles again
declared.
During the next three years, varied as before
by revolts and confusion, the King played false-
ly alike with friends and foes until a French army
interfered and restored the Bourbon monarchy.
Then followed military commissions and trials,
held all over Spain, many of the noblest men of the
country were executed, and Ferdinand crowned
his perfidies and sunk his memory to eternal deg-
radation by authorizing the execution of Riego.
The monarchy, however, had no peace; insur-
rections, guerrilla parties, the commencement of
the Carlist war, and the corruptions of the Court,
reduced the country to beggary and bankruptcy,
which continued down to the death of Ferdinand,
in 1833, when, by his abolition of the Salic law
and the elevation of Isabel to the throne, another
intestine war of seven years followed. The adhe-
rents of Don Carlos,-under the title of Charles
the Fifth, and those of thegood and virtuous queen
mother Christina, took the field, and hostile camps
covered the country.
In 18,14, a new constitution was proclaimed,
inaugurated by pronunciamentos and revolts at
Madrid, Malaga, and Saragossa.
The Carlist war continued down to 1840, when
the Duke of Victoria made his way to the head
of public affairs.
In 1843, he, in turn, was driven from power,
Narvaez took his post, and in 1845 a new consti-
tution was proclaimed.
In 1854, Concha and O'Donnel] raised the
standard of revolt; the battle ot'Vivalcaro was
fought, the streets of Madrid were barricaded, the
houses of members were sacked, Christina was
banished, anarchy reigned throughout the cap-
ital, and, in fact, over tiie whole country^
Espartero then took control of the Govern-
ment, and a new constitution was proclaimed m
1855. Espaitero and O'Donnell divided power,
the former giving way in 1856, leaving O'Donnell
at the head of affairs, when another constitution
was established.
Such have been the last forty-two years of
Spain's career; and further, to exhibit the im-
probability of her retaining Cuba much longer,
let us glance at the dominion she has parted with,
as furnished by one of her own writers:
" In 156.) we cave up the [sle of Malta to the Older ot St.
Jolm. In 1020 tin* Lower Navarre ami ISoaint-via^ yielded
to France ■ and m 1649 the liousselon. In 1640 we lost I or-
tuasd and lier colonies. In 1648 we recognized the sever-
ei"iitvoi the Netheilands. In 16*36 the EnelHi wre^led tile
Barbatloes fiom us ; in 1655 Jamaica ; in 1"04 Gibraltar ; m
1718 the Lucca?; in 1759 Dominion; and 111 1/9/ Irinidad.
In the seventeenth century France took possession of Mar-
tillico. New Grenada, Guml.ilaupe, and the half of the Isle
of San Domingo; and 111 1801) Louisiana. In the eighteenth
centuiy we vielded up Sardinia to the Duke ot Savoy, and
to Morocco our rights ot Mazalquivir and Oran, We ceded
Parma, Placcncia, and Lucca, with other dominions w the
noith of Italy, to Prmees of the House of Bouillon ; and in
1759 iVanlesand Sicily weie emancipated from Spanish gov-
ernment. In 1819 we sold Flouda to ihe United Btatesjin
l'tBl we lo*t our half of the Isle 01 San Domingo; and be-
fore 1895 all the vast continent which our "loiious ancestors
had acquired was lo,t to u  forever. Of all ihis immense
! power we have, as a remembrance of the past, the lblet, of
Cuba and Puerto Rico, ihe distant Philippines, and our Af-
rican possesions alone.''
Sir, when I reflect upon the geographical posi-
tion of Cuba, upon its command of our commerce,
upon its iron despotism, upon the claims of her
people upon us, upon its fertility and resources,
but, above all, upon the repeated provocations
which Spain has given us, I am tcmindcd of the
reply of Lord Clive, when called before the Par-
liamentary committee to answer for his alleged
spoliation of the Indian Princes: " By heaven,
gentlemen, when I reflect upon the temptation, J
am astonished at my own moderation."
But our opponents say, what want weof more
territory? Have we not enough ? And they quote,
amongst other opinions, those of Mr Webster
upon "this point:
"I have always wished," said Mr. Webster in his speech
