mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
twenty-seven million dollars. Now, suppose you
•want to raise *5 ,000,000 by a tax: if you impose
it on tea and coffce, and the consumers pay that
amount, the Government gets all of it, because
those articles are nor made in the United States
at all, Suppose, however, you impose the duly
on sugar: they pay the $.5,000,000, but one ba'f
of it goes to the sugar-planters, and the other half
to the Government; because about one half the
sugar consumed is made in the United States.
In fact, the Government would receive only
$2,500,000; and hence, to get $5,000,000, you
would have to make the tax twice as high as if
it were placed on tea and coffee. In other words,
a duty of ten per cent, on coffee and tea would
give the Government as much money as would
twenty per cent, on sugar, because half of the
sugar tax would go to the planters and makers
of sugar.
But, sir, to return to my illnstration. If these two
individuals should complain of that, the Pennsyl-
vanian tells thorn: •' My iron establishment fur-
nishes employment to Ametican laborers." One
of those men may say to him: " I keep a black-
smith's shop where the iron is worked up into
plows and hoes and axes, and used as industrial
tools; and this furnishes the means of employ-
ment to many." The other one says: "We me
making m my suction a railroad; we are leveling
lulls and filling up valleys, to lay down iron rails
as fast as we can get them; w*.* employ now avast
amount of labor in making the road; and when
we get it done, we shall open a market for our
productions to the sea side, and in that way en-
courage all kinds of industry." It is demonstra-
ble that the creation of a railroad will cause a
larger demand for labor than the iron furnace !
where the rails are made. Then, what becomes :
of the aigumuntas to the protection of American ■
industry? j
But ihcy say that they afford a home' market j
at their manufacturing establishments. But, in j
fact, the northwestern man, when he gets his j
wheat to Chicago, can have it carried to England j
as easily as to this Pennsylvania iron establish- |
ment; and even if he should carry it there, nine i
times out of ten they do not want it, because thov i
are supplied by pcr\o s in the neighborhood, ft :
is the same with cotton. It froes ftom the south-
ern ports to Europe as cheaply and eas.lv as it 4
does to the m.um/detuieis in the jNonh, and the '
great bull^of it is obliged to go abroad. The bur- j
den, therefore, of tins system, isspread oil overthe '
country: the benefit goes to the manufacturers i
and to those m their immediate locality. How 1
much is this whole burden? I have taken pains j
to collect some facts, which I can present m a |
few minutes, and vthich I think will enable Sen- I
ators to form some tolerably accurate idea of the ;
amount which it costs the country, liefore doing !
so, allow me to say one word as to the two rival j
theories on this subject. -i
Thtrc was a distinguished South Carolinian— !
one of the ablest debaieis ever known m this |
country, or in any other—I mean the late Mr. j
McDuflio—who advocated a theory which was '
known as the forty-bale theory, and dended by !
its opponents. I do not reter to it because I think :
it sound ;iori rd it demonstrably erroneous: |
but a reference to it will enable me to explain ;
what I think the facts will show to be the true j
theory of this system of taxation. !
xvir. AIcDuffie deckued that the case could be so \
clearly stated that he never iiad seen u tried be- 1
fore a popular assembly without producing urn- i
versal conviction. His statement was something !
like this: a company of manufacturers, which he i
located in the North, would manufacture goods •
and supply the Statu of South Carolina; another ;
company of planters there undertook to produce I
cotton, rice, and tobacco, to exchange them for I
goods to supply the demand of the same locality. ;
lie supposed each of these companies to bring m j
$100,000 worth of their goods. When the man- !
ufactuung company bring in theirs, they can sell1
them at once, as.there is no tax upon them; but !
let the exporting company or company of plant- !
ers bring jn their British goods, winch they have !
obtamed with the products of their own industry, I
and the custom-house officer says, " Before you j
sell these goods you must pay me forty per cent." i
•-^•ihatwas about the rate of duty m his day—that |
is §40,000 on the £.100,000. These men have al- !
ready paid $100,000 in England, and they have to ,
pay $40,000 to the Government. If they sell for '
#100,000,as the northern company does,of course
they lose $40,000; they realize but £60,000. Every- ,
body sees this must be so in the case stated. lie ■
argued that that was the true theory of the sys-
tem; that for examnlc, if they sold to the mer-
chant, the merchant finding this burden was to fall
on the goods, would give no more than they could
realize; and even, if in the large way, you import
specie, very soon you will importas much as can ,
be used profitably, and thus raise the price of i
articles at home, which we must consume; while j
our own productions were sold in foreign matkets i
at the low rates there. In other words, he insisted I
that the import and accumulation of specie here
would, in the end, produce a state of things which •
did not change the result of the case stated by him.
The en or of this theory, as a whole, is ob-
vious. Suppose the price of these goods should
be increased in value; suppose this company,
when they introduced them, should be able to sell .
them for $140,000, by adding the duty to the
price: then they would lose nothing; the Govern-
ment would get its $40,GOO. The manufacturing
company would likewise sell at the same price,
and make a clear profit of (-,40,000. Thus the 1
whole $80,000 would fail upon the consumers of
the coutitry. That is the theory of the gentlemen
on the other side, who contend that the enhanced
price falls on the consumers entirely.
But let us take one step further. {Suppose these
planters themselves consume the goods; and we
know that in the United States most men con-
sume nearly as much as they seli, perhaps ninety- ;
five per ct nt. of it on the average. If they, there-
fore, should consnmcthese goods, of comse they
would pay the $40,000 mcn-ased price by reason
of the duly; and thus they lose $40,000, either as
producers or consumers.
There is one other view to take of the question.
Let us assume now that the im-itase in price is
less than the amount of the duty: what will then
be the effect? Take it at twenty per cent.; sup- ■
pose they me able Jo seli their gooUs for $120,000.
Thev gave *£100,GOO for them in England, and
$40,000 to the Government for duty, and sell thera-
ibr ^120,000; and they will still lose ^20.000 as ;
pioduceis; but if they consume the goods they .
likewise lose $20,000 more as consumers, so that ■
they must lose $10,000 in any event; but the man- ;
ufacturcr may make a large profit. If he con- ■ i
sumes them ah he will lose nothing. His profit, .;
though, will depend on the amount of his sales '
above his consumption, and we know m fact he, 1
as a manufacturer, makes large profits. :
Then, Mr. President, I maintain that whatever
burdens are levied by the tariff must be poid either
by the producer of the articles sent abroad and
exchanged for the dutiable goods, or it must fall
on the consumers of the impoits. his usually di- 1
vidcdbc tween them,but they must pay u. Ilence, ■
when the farmer or planter furnishes the exports,
and also consumes the imports obtained for them,
he must pay this tax; and he nee the system, ei ther
way, is just as oppressive to h:m as Mr. McDufne
supposed. If this be true, the facts ou2:lit to vt-rify
the theoiy; and it is on this point that 1 wish to
ptesenl some facts to the consideration of the
Senate. 1 first ask the attention of Senatois to
the prices of cotton timing a long period. ;
It was sa d, Ivft. Pivsiuent, by a distinguished
statesman, Mr. Pox, as great a debater as Eng- ■
land ever produced, that as to questions of polit-
ical economy and tariffs, he did not pietend to jj
undeistcuid them, because the facts were too com- ■■
plicated. Since his day, however, a great deal
has been done in the collection of statistics; and
I now propose to show that the successive tariffs ■;
have operated unfavorably on prod actional home
—1 mean on the domestic exports sent abroad;
and I think I have facts enough, which I shall be
able to present, to satisfy every Senator on that
point, it is sometimes said that you can show
anything by the prices of cotton, for you find cot-
ton high and low under all sorts of tariffs. That
is true, if you take a short period, as it may mis-
lead you, because there art; distuibmg causes.
The amount of the production, the amount of the
demand, and financial difficulties affect it. In
a long period, however, these disturbing events
will be neutiahzed. By a wide induction science
arrives at the truth. Suppose it were desirable
to compare the amount of rain which fulls at
Washington with some placc in the tropics; you
| could not determine it by an examination of a
: shoi t period, because there are, in su< cession, rain
, and sunshine and storm and drought m all coun-
tries; but il you could ascertain how much ram
fell here and at some other point for the last ten
or twenty years, n would be an exact measure of
ell that is to fall in a foture period of similar
length. If you want to determine which of two
localities, or wmch of two occupations is the
healthiest, you cannot do u*by observing a small
number of individuals; butif you take a large one,
it is found there is almost mathematical accuracy
in these comparisons.
In this way let us look at the effects upon cot-
ton in this instance, because the statistics as to
that are more complete than those of other pro-
ducts. I present a table covenn? apci md of thirty-
eight years, in which I have grouped the aveidge
price of cotton during the continuancc of each
successive tariff.
•Average prioe of cotton.
Froai 1821 to 189,1 inclusive 
18\ 3 18-08 
Jf-26 J 8-^8 
1829 18o> 
15*33 lea: 
1635 184'J 
1?43 1845 
1817 1851 
18ol 18-/G 
1847 lo58.....     
e 1> cents.
 1-3 1
 309
  97
 14 3
  10 8
  7 0
  9.5
  0 DO
 8 3
The first high tariff, or one of a protective char-
acter, wiihm the range of this hst of prices, was
that of 1824. 1 have the average priee of eotton
forthe four years which preceded that tariff. From
1821 to 1824, inclusive, the price was fifteen cents
a pound. That was the average through the whole
period.
In 1821, a tariff was passed increasing the du-
ties lan?' Iv,and th.it continued for just fbur years
up to 1828. in 3325, Senators romember that
these was a remnrkubie spfculanve rise in the
price of cotton. It went up during port, of that
yeni very high, and averted twenty cents a
pound for the whole year. That use was purely
a matter of speculation, and it fell asam soon af-
ter. Nevertheless, including this y*-ar of specu-
lation in the four, cotton fell during1 these four
ye.trs to thirteen and four tenths cents per pound.
If, however, we exclude this year of speculation,
and take the other three years, us avorage price
was only ten and nine tenths per pound, or nearly
sixty per cent. less than before the existence of
the tanff.
In 1828, another tariff highly protective was «
passed, and that continued just four years. From
1829 to 1832, the average price of cotton was nine
and seven tenths cents, another large fall conse-
quent upon the passage of a higher protective
taiiff. In 1832, Cons:res3 modified the tariff by
making a large free hst: and in the winter of 1833
following,passed Mr. Clay'scompromise, making
great reductions. That continued in force for
ten years, until the tariff of 1&42. Now, for a
reason immediately to be stated, I divide thispe-
r.od into two of five years each. I find that from
lt?33 up to 1837, cotton rose to fourteen and three
t°nths cents—an mcreasc of forty p^r ccnt. on the
previous prices under'the hi£fh tariff; at the end
of that five years, to wit, in 1837, there was a re-
markable monetary convulsion. It is well known
to gentlemen all round, ffat the State bank de-
posit system, which was then tried, led to an enor-
mous expansion of the currency. The deposit
banks themselves had issued thirteen dollars in
paper for one in specie. There was a crash, or
break up, and for the next four or five years,
prices were very much reduced. This was the
case both in England and in the United States,
and it affected cotton and everything else; but,
nevertheless, for the five years from 1837 up to
1842, the price of cotton was ten and ei^ht tenths
cents, considerably higher than it was under the
tariff of 1828, which had preceded it.
In 1842 was passed a highly protective tariff,
prohibitory on many articles, and that endured
four years. We were told the other day, and it
is often said from time to time, that this taiiff of
1842 restored prosperity. 1 do not believe a word
of it. The country had been laboring for four or
five years to get out of debt, and the people had
done so, and business was ready to revive-again.
But let us see how cotton fared under the four
years of that tariff. From 1843 to 1846, it was at
seven cents a pound—a heavy fall upon the prices
