30-2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
on the admission of Texas, m 1845, "that this country
should exhibit to the nations of the earth the'example of a
great, rich, and powerful Republic, which is not possessed
by a spirit of aggrandizement." "My opinion has been,"
said he, again, in his great speech of7th March, 1850," that
we have territory enough, and that we should follow the
Spartan maxim,(Improve and adorn what you have. Seek
no further.'"
Something like this fell from my friend from
Vermont: " Improve and adorn what you have;
seek no further." Sir, it has been the cry from
the formation of the Government. It was the cry
when we acquired Louisiana, Florida, California,
and New Mexico; but it has ever been the cry of 1
minorities,unsupported by power; minorities bat- ]
tling against majorities on party issues; and I
much doubt if Mr. "Webster would have ever held
such language as President of the United States.
The condition of nations is the condition of the
individuals composing them. Tell any of these
distinguished men who surround me here, '"Pause ;
in your career; make -no fuither advance up the
steep hill of fame; improve and adorn what you
have!" Tell the ambitious student, with all his
university honors clustering around his head,
" rest from your labors; cease your pursuit-of
knowledge; stay the ambitious beatings of your
heart; improve and adorn what you have l" Tell
the seaman, fresh from the deck of victory, to
sheathe his sword and lie upon his oars; and, even
while they listen, they turn off, each to pursue
his own particular career.
Alexander, at the height of his military glory,
sighed for new worlds to conquer; and Sir Isaac
Newton, when complimented upon his sublime
labors, replied that he felt that, likea little child,
he had but wandered on the shore, occasionally
finding a shell or a pebble more lovely than the
rest, while the great ocean of truth lay unexplored
before him.
No, Mr. President, it is no more possible for
this country to pause in its career, than it is for
the free ana untrammeled eagle to cease to soar.
The blood in our veins and the institutions we
have adopted equally impel us onward. Every
homestead and hamlet of New England refutes
this stand-still policy; for each and every one re-
tains the cherished memory of a son, a brother,
or a father, who, surmounting every obstacle, has
wandered into distant lands to carve out a home,
there to transplant a loved mother, wife, or sister;
there to win name and fame, and come back, at
some distant day, perhaps to old Connecticut, a
proud and honored son; perhaps to Congress, to
tell of the hopes of his constituents.
At our present rate of progress this vast con-
tinent, every inch of it, mustsoon be ours. Since
we turned England adrift from us we have added
a new sovereignty and three hundred thousand
people to the Confederacy nearly every four years,
it was but yesterday, sir, that a handful of hardy
pioneers, with the ax and the rifle, crossed the
mountains and settled in Oregon; and last week,
while our chairman of Finance wasupon thefloor,
lucidly explaining the monetary condition of the
country, the messenger of the President was an-
nounced, and said: "The Presidentof the Uni-
ted States has signed a bill admitting Oregon into
the Union." Not another word was said—the
chairman proceeded with his remarks, and Ore-
gon, with her ninety-seven thousand people, her
seventy thousand square miles, her two hundred
miles of seaboard, and the agricultural and min-
eral resources of a great empire, took her place,
the thirty-third in our magic circle of stars, whose
union and harmony are never broken by additions.
1 am sensible that I have detained the Senate
longer than I should have done, and I will close
in a very few minutes. I desire to advert to what
has been said in relation to the manner in which
this offer may be received by Spam. I believe that,
from 1825, if wo had had an agent in Spam ready
to make a commercial treaty secuiing to her the
carrying trade between Spain and Cuba to a cer-
tainextent, orits equal enjoyment with ourselves,
and the admission of her oils and wines into Cuba
upon their present terms, and at the same time
paying a sum of money down to a ministry, we
could have had Cuba on several occasions.
But, sir, I am asked what I would do if Spain
should reject all reasonable terms ? I can hardly
suppose such a contingency, sir; but I would be
prepared to meet it.
I would, in such case, act openly and fairly
with her, and look directly at the contingency of
taking Cuba and talking about it afterwards, as
Frederick d'id with Silesia.
I would remind her that for her hold upon Cuba
to-day, she is not only indebted to our neutrality
laws, rigidly enforced—to our forbearance, but to
our active assistance; forbearance and assistance
which we can no longer, in justice to ourselves,
extend. 1 would remonstrate with her upon the
tendency, so perilous to us, of her Cuban policy.
I would tell her that she has established a Gov-
ernment there, which is an ulcer upon the civili-
zation of the nineteenth century; an ulcer doubly
offensive because of its proximity to our shores;
a Government whose daily precept and practice
are at war with every principle of civil and reli-
gious freedom; you have fired upon our vessels
on the high seas, in the lawful pursuit of their
trade, upon^paltry pretenses; you have taken
American seamen from our decks, under the pro-
tection of the stars and stripes,"upon pretenses
false and frivolous, incarcerated them in filthy
dungeons, and you have liberated them only at
your own pleasure; you have arrested our peo-
ple, unjustly confiscated their property, and you
have murdered them without the shadow of a
trial; nay, you have so systematized fraud, so
established corruption in your own public offices,
from the Captain General down, that our citizens
who go there under your treaty have to adminis-
ter to your rapacity to conduct their affairs. We
will tell them this; and further, that throughout
the whole of these outrages we have sought re-
dress from the Captain General there, and have
been put off on the paltry pretense that he had
all power to do wrong but none to do right; and,
sir, having proclaimed our purpose, I hope there
.is stamina and power enough in this Govern-
ment, when we have exhausted these peaceful
remedies, to let Spam feel that Cuba shall con-
tinue her aggressions no longer, but that hereaf-
ter we will right the wrong where it is committed.
And, sir, I would let Spain know that an Amer-
ican citizen, wherever he may go, whether stand-
ing within these halls, or beneath the dark por-
tals of Cuba's prisons, cannot wander so far but
that his country's interest will be felt and her
power exerted to right his wrongs, even though
it might lead to the end of Spain's dominion over
Cuba. _
NAVAL CONTRACTS AND EXPENDITURES.
Reports of the Select Committee on Naval
Contracts and Expenditures.
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859-.
Mr. Bocock, from the select committee on naval
contracts and expenditures, made the following
report:
The select committee on the subject of contracts
and expenditures in the Navy Department, ask
leave to submit the following report:
The resolution under which your committee
was appointed was moved by a member from the
State of Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and unanimously
adopted by the House of Representatives, on the
18th of January last, and, together with the pre-
amble, is as follows:
" Whereas D. B. Allen, a citizen of the State of New
York, specifically chaiges tiiat cei lain ofhceis in the Navy
Department, in awarding contracts fni the construction of
vessels of war of the United States, have been guilty of pai-
tiality. and of violation of law and their public duty; and
whereas grave charges have been made that money appro-
priated for navy-yards and the repair of vessels of the Uni-
ted States lias been expended for partisan purposes, and not
for the purposes prescribed hy law : Therefore,
" Resolved> That a committee of five members be ap-
pointed to examine, 1. Into the specifications and bids for,
and the terms of, the contract for the work and labor done,
or mateiials furnished lor the vessels of the United States,
constructed, or in process of construction or repair by the
United States, since the 4th day of March, 18.)?, and the
mode and manner of awarding said contracts, and the in-
ducements and recommendations influencing said awards.
2. Into the mode and manner, and the purpose, in which
the money appropriated for the navy and dock-yards, and
tor the repair and increase of vessel*, has been expended.
That said committee have power to send for persons and
papers, and have leave to report by bill or otherwise."
It will be seen that one definite subject of in-
quiry was presented to the committee, namely, ;
the specifications, bids, and contracts for vessels j
of the United States, constructed, or in the pro-1
cess of construction or repair, by the United
States, since the 4th day of March, 1857; the
mode and manner of awarding said contracts, and
the inducements and recommendations influenc-
ing said awards. The purpose of such inquiry
was to ascertain whether " certain officers of the
Navy had been guilty of partiality and a violation
of law and their publicduty,"as charged against
them.
The construction and repair of the vessels them-
I selves, of the Navy, since March, 1857, has been
| done by the Government in its own navy-yards,
j and not by contract; with the solitary exception
j of the Brooklyn, which has been constructed by
| Jacob A. Westervelt, jinder a contract with the
; Government made in i857.
I That contract appearing to be entirely fair, and
j nothing to the contrary being alleged, so far as
j the vessel itself is concerned, on any side, the
1 committee directed its attention particularly to
j the contracts for engines and steam machinery
I for vessels of the Navy, mrffle since the 4th of
March, 1857.
The second branch of the resolution instructs
the committee to inquire "into the mode and
manner and the purpose in and for which the
money appropriated for the navy and dock-yards,
and for the repair and increase of vessels has been
expended."
And the object designated in the preamble is to
ascertain whether said money " has been ex-
pended for partisan purposes, and not for the pur-
poses prescribed by law."
Inasmuch as this branch of the inquiry em-
braces in its scope all appropriations for navy-
yards and for increase and repair of vessels
without regard to time, it was clearly impractica-
ble for the committee, during the remainder of the
session, literally to carry it out. It was in effect
limited by the committee to such items of appro-
priation in that conneotion as were made the sub-
ject of complaint
Wherever either zeal for the public good, or
disappointed self-interest, or party intolerance, or
love of fault finding, or any other motive, indica-
ted that wrong could be found within the scope
prescribed for the investigation, to that point the
attention of the committee was directed.
The subjects which were particularly investi-
gated under this branch of the resolution, were:
1. The management of the Brooklyn and Phil-
adelphia navy-yards;
2. The purchase of anthracite coal for the Navy;
and, 7
3. The contracts for live-oak for the Navy,
made in 1857 and 1858.
The leading facjs elicited on all these points, so
far a  they are embraced within the prescribed
scope of our inquiry, will be briefly stated under
the heads respectively to which they belong, and
for convenience of arrangement will precede the
statement of facts in relation to the contracts for
steam machinery.
i. the brooklyn or new york navy-yard.
The large amount of money annually apprb-
priated for the Navy, though that branch of the
service continues so limited in extent and power,
has justly excited interest and inquiry on the
part of the people.
The following statement will show the extent
of the increase in our expenditures for naval pur-
poses in the last quarter of a contury:
Number of Number , , ,
vessels/ of guns, ^nual cod.
1834  53 ] ,982 $3,956,370
1846 77 2,345 7;«9.703
1858 79 2.244 13,262:561
Much of this increase of expenditure springs
from the higher price of material, provisions,
clothing, &c., now, than in 1835, or even in 1846.
Much, also, arises from the substitution of steam-
ers for sail vessels in the Navy of the United
States.
In Great Britain, the cost of the navy in 1853-54,
when its force of men was 39,407, amounted to
.€6,285,493 sterling; while in 1857-58, when its
force of men was only 39,000, it cost .£8,109,16S
sterling, under all the exertions that were made
after the Russian war to reduce expenditures to
the lowest practicable point. This increase of
expense is attributed in that country to the sub-
stitution of steam for sail vessels.
