1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
But while the increase of expenditure in our
naval service is thus accounted for in part, it has
become a matter of general belief that there is
much of waste in our navy-yards. For the num-
ber of vessels annually constructed and repaired
in our service, our appropriations for yards and
docks, and for construction, equipment, and re-
pair, seem to be disproportionately large.
To show how our appropriations for these pur-
poses have increased in the last twelve years, the
following statement will suffice:
1846. 1858.
Yards and docks ยง585,549 $3,157,523
Construction3 equipment, and repair.. 1,838,479 3,129,427
Total...
2,424,028 ยง6,286,949
The investigation made in this case explains
some of the causes of waste in the navy-yards.
Your committee believe that persons, in their
dealings with the Government, generally display
more of voracity ami less of scrupulous integrity
than is usual in transactions with individuals.
Supplies for Government, whether obtained by
contract or in open market, are made the occa-
sion for fraud; the property of the Government
is not preserved with due care; its responsible
superintendents prove unfaithful, and their sub-
ordinates lack the zeal which private interest
dictates, and the fidelity which private scrutiny
exacts.
These principles, applicable more or less to all
departments of Government work, are shown by
the testimony to be especially applicable to the
Brooklyn navy-yard.
It is a feature of the times, and to some extent
an incident to our system of Government, that
offices and appointments have come to be em-
ployed very generally, and more or less by all
parties, as rewards for partisan service. Not only
does the dominant party give the high and re-
sponsible places of State into the hands of party
friends, but the subordinate and merely ministe-
rial places, such as those of clerk, postmaster,
mail agent, messenger, doorkeeper, and day la-
borer, are made to subserve thepurposes of party
advantage. It is natural, and not improper, that
those who have themselves obtained office by
party favor should prefer to bestow the patronage
of that office upon persons who have been their
friends and supporters, rather than upon those
who opposed them; and in regard to qualifica-
tions, all leading parties have competent men in
their ranks.
When the appointing power, in looking around
for competent men, is left merely to exercise its
natural preference for friends over opponents, all
is well. But when party relations and party ser-
vices are made to constitute a controlling claim
upon office, then the strongest partisan has the
strongest claim. And as in party times the suc-
cess of the party often assumes greater import-
ance than good government, so party claims, in
bestowing office, come to receive more consider-
ation and influence than character or qualification.
Offices, indeed, cease to be viewed practically as
positions of trust, created and maintained because
their duties areessentialtothepublicgood. They
come to be regarded as places of emolument,
whose salaries are essential to party welfare, and
to be distributed with that view.
If, as has been said, such is the tendency of the
present time and with all parties, no one party is
altogether blameable therefor.
Whenever, in a densely-settled community,
party strength is nearly equally divided, and
party ascendency often changes, there, of course,
this spirit becomes imbued with a peculiarly
mercenary tinge. Want presses, victory leads to
place. The emolument being the object which was
sought, engrosses attention; and while officials
havt# but little thought, except as to the means of
holding their places, so those who want office
have no care except to gain it. Thus principle
and duty are forgotten m the angry conflict of
the ins and outs.
If we have correctly described the tendency of
things at the present day, it will not be regarded
with*surprise that this spirit prevails strongly in
the commercial emporium of the nation, and has
found its i:itensest development in the Brooklyn
navy-yard
The fact that appointments in the navy-yard
have for many years past been bestowed upon
party grounds is distinctly proved.
The Hon. John Kelly, recently a popular
member of the House of Representatives, and
now holding an important office in the city of
New York, upon examination before the commit-
tee, made the following statement;
" Question. Have you known what has been the man-
agement of the yard under all parties ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; when the Whigs formerly had the
yard, they would, of course, turn out the Democrats, every
man of them; they would not permit them to work there;
and as soon as the Democrats got into power again they
would turn out the Whigs; and so it has been in all the
offices in New York, post office, custom-house, &c., and so
it is to-day in the appointment of the police ; the Republi-
cans appoint all republicans; it is very seldom that a Dem-
ocrat can get a place; if he does, it is through home ex-
traordinary influence."
And the Hon. William B. Maclay, at'present
a member of the House of Representatives from
New York city, a gentleman of the highest in-
tegrity, and a politician of experience and influ-
ence, has deposed before the committee to the
same effect.
The following extract is taken from his testi-
mony:
" Question. How long have you been acquainted with the
management of the yard?
"Answer. Since 1842.
" Question. What change, if any, has taken place in the
mean time in the mode of making appointments, &c ?
"Answer. I do not think there has been any change.
"Question. How long have appointments been made
there upon political recommendations?
"Answer. 1 cannot speak of it previous to the date I men-
tioned ; at that time, 1842 or 1843, Mr. Ilenshaw was Sec-
retary of the Navy, I was Representative in Congress ; upon
one occasion there were n great many applications for the
place of masters; the Secretary finally concluded that he
would make the appointments upon the recommendation
of the then members of Congies-s from Brooklyn, who wore
Henry C. Murphy and myself; ho said if we would look
carefully over the matter, and wiite a joint letter making
recommendations, he would make the appointments. Mr.
Murphy arid I thereupon very caiefully selected some ten
or twelve masters, who remained in office during the re-
mainder of the administration of Mr. Tyler,-and the whole
of Mr. Polk's. They were lemoved alter the incoming of
the succeeding administration, that of Mr. Fillmoie.
"QueUion. Do you know whether appointments were
made upon political grounds during the administration of
Mr. Fillmore?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they were made on that ground
Where appointments are made upon parly
grounds it is a nccessary consequence, especially
at points remote from the appointing power, that j
the wishes and recommendations of leading pol- !
iticians should be considered.
Everywhere the recommendations of members
of Congress are solicited by those seeking exec- !
utive appointments. So it has been in the past;
so, probably, it will be in the future.
When the present Administration came into
power, in consequence ofthe fact that, under the
last Administration, many of the congressional
districts had been represented by political oppo-
nents, the patronage in the Brooklyn navy-yard
had been concentrated mainly in a few districts.
Now, all the districts of the city, and of the
country immediately adjacent thereto, were, for
thefirsttimein years, under representation friend-
ly to the Administration. Each member consid-
ered himself entitled to favor, and much of con-
tention arose between themselves, and between
them and the officers of the yard.
Under these circumstances, it was represented
to the Secretary of the Navy that it would be
agreeable to them,and would save trouble to him,
if he would adopt the principle of an equal parti-
tion of the patronage among the districts, as far :
as practicable. And in order to do this, it was :
suggested that it would be weil, if practicable, to !
allow a master workman to each district. (See !
letter of Hon. H. F. Clark to Secretary Toucey, i
dated April, 1857.) To this arrangement the ;
Secretary assented. It does not appear that an
exactly equal partition was ever attained or at- ]
tempted. The master painter only came from Mr. ;
Searing's district, and, for a long time, the master <
caulker alone from Mr. Cochrane's, while some I
of the other districts had three. !
And, in regard to the employes under the mas- j
ters, the distribution has remained until this day |
very unequal. It is stated in the testimony that ;
the number from the district in which the yard j
is located, now represented by the Hon. George i
Taylor, has remained about twice as large as from
other districts.
The arrangement appears to have contemplated
such an approach to equalization as might con-
veniently be made in regulating the dismissals
and the new appointments.
If appointments in the yard are to be made on
political grounds, it would be difficult to resist the
conclusion that the districts are all entitled to 'a
fair share of the patronage.
The evils and abuses in the yard appeared,
however, to grow greater. How far this has
grown out of this principle of partition, and how
far out of other causes, it might be difficult to de-
termine. It should be borne in mind that during
the year 1857, a crisis of commercial and pecu-
niary distress fell upon the country; which, in the
city of New York, threw a great many persons
out of employment, and thus increased the clamor
for Government work. It is also true that, in
1857 and 1858, the Government had need of a
larger number of men in the navy-yards than per-
haps ever before, and of a larger number of mas-
ter workmen also.
From whatever causes it has sprung, your com-
mittee are satisfied from the testimony that great
abuses have been, and are, practiced in the yard.
Where so many men are gathered together in
Government employ, abuses are to some extent
unavoidable. But the system of appointing and
retaining men in the yard upon political influence
works great evil.
Men have been appointed without due regard
to their qualifications, and retained, sometimes,
after they had shown themselves unworthy. They
learned to rely, in part, upon a strong friend to
retain them, instead of trying to entrench them-
selves behind meritorious services. This state
of things has shown its natural results in pro-
ducing insubordination, idleness, and a disregard
of obligation and duty in general.
The testimony upon which your committee
have come to this conclusion is, mainly, the tes-
timony of Captain Rootes, who was for months
j the executive officer, and frequently during that
I time the acting commandant in the yard; the con-
| fessions of the master workmen themselves; and
the letters and testimony of the members of Con-
gress. The complaints of displaced and disap-
pointed men, who discredit themselves by saying
that they knew of these abuses while employed'
in the yard, but never gave information about
them till they were dismissed, should, we think,
be received with allowance. Wherever their
stories have been thoroughly investigated, they
have generally been shown to be either wholly,
or m great part, untrue.
A man named Berry, who was displaced from
the position of master painter, alleges that the
Hon. John Kelly became irritated with him, and
had him displaced, because he would not keep in
office men who he informed Mr. Kelly were
drunkards, and entirely incapable of a proper dis-
charge of duty. Mr. Ivelly, on the contiary, de-
nies the statement, alleging that he never asked
to have any man retained after being informed of
his incompetency; and says, that the cause of
difference with Berry was that the latter used to-
wards him coarse and insulting language. It turns
out, however, that Berry was not dismissed till
some three months or more after his difference
with Mr. Kolly.
Another man tells of a place being bought by
one Mr. Teller of the master painter (Turner)
with a present of five gallons of whisky. When
examined, Teller and Turner concur in a repre-
sentation ofthe matter so utterly unlike that given
by the informant; as to make it, in all its essen-
tials, an act of slander. Yet another states that
he was assessed twenty dollars for political pur-
poses upon his clerkship in the custom-house at
New York,and refused to pay it; and when asked,
" What was the result ?" answers, " 1 was re-
moved; from what cause 1 cannot tell." He at-
tempts to convey the impression distinctly that
he was removed for this refusal; and, upon exam*
ination, it is found that his assessment certificate
is dated 185G, and his removal took place on the
7th of August, 1858.
Such charges are entitled to very little weight.
Commander Rootes, says;
" There were a large number of men who weie very in-
