804
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2b Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts ctnd Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
subordinate." " In my opinion, theft was common in the
yard." " 1 think that a short time before I loft the New
York navy-yard, the foreman under Mr. Cohen made a
charge against Mr. Cohen and some one else in the yard,
thai they were m the haliitof letting men go out of the yard
and (still receive their wages. I have no doubt in my own
mind that it was done." " A short time before I left the
yard, the men got to knocking off twenty or thirty minutes
before the bell-ring m the evening," &c.
When asked to what the abuses were owing,
Commander Eootes answered:
« From the fact that they think members of Congress put
them there, and can keep them there m defiance of the of-
ficers of the yard."
Lieutenant Barnett says, when asked what
abuses passed under his observation in the New
York navy-yard:
111 think there is one that exists in relation to taking in
laborers. It should be paiticulaily the piovmee of the offi-
cers to select these mem They are, many of them, physi-
cally incapable. In ono instance, m dismasting the St.
Louis, I could scarcely get the mastsoutof her. 1 could not ]
get the men to work ; m fact, they were not strong enough, i
If they had been sailors I could havedone well enough, but |
these were men who had been, apparently, broken down
by whisky, and besides that they were old—very old—so
that they were unable to perfoj in the labor requited of them.
If I would i-et them to whitewashing, I had to watch them
to see that they did not stop. 1 spoiled this tiling to Cap-
tain Rootes, but he *aid he had no authonty to discharge
them and take in belter men, although I believe he took it
upon himself to do it pretty violently upon one or two oc-
casions, when he got angry and turned them out of the y ai d
by neck and heels."
Merrifield and Turner, who are still master
workmen in the yard, and who testify no bifis,
state that they often kept incompetent men under |
them from fear of giving offense to members of ]
Congress; and the letters of these gentlemen, pub- '
lished with the evidence, will show how fiercely
some of them wielded the rod of terror. But it
is due to these gentlemen to say, that each of them
who was questioned denied that he ever desired
the retention of an incompetent man, and all agreed
that the duties imposed upon them by the neces-
sity of superintending this division of patronage
was very irksome and annoying. They did it
because the system imposed it upon them, but
would have been glad to be relieved.
They recommended men, from the nature of the j
case, without knowing much about their qualifi- ;
cations, and when these men were removed they j
were apt to attribute it to some other cause than
incompetency.
It is very probable that the system of appoint- j
ing men upon the recommendation of members ;
of Congress tends to the retention of too many '
men in the yard, especially about the period of
elections; and this may have been done to some
small extent last fall; but the proof is not decisive
on that point.
The officers testify that during the last fall
there were both at Brooklyn and Philadelphia
more men than were absolutely necessary, but
they say that those men were usefully employed, i
Mr. Crahbe, the clerk of the Philadelphia yard,
. testifies that at that place the number of men was
greater after the election than before.
The official'statement of the number of men at
the different yards does not sustain the allegation
that the yards were stuffed with a view to the
election. In New York the greatest number of
men in the yard coincided with the time of the
State and congressional election. In Philadelphia
the election occurred during the first half of Oc-
tober, while the greatest number of men were em-
ployed there in the latter part of that month. It
so happens that the greatest number of men in
other yards, namely: in Portsmouth, Boston,
Washington, Norfolk, and Pensacola, were em-
ployed also in the months of September, October,
and November, 1858, about the same time as in
New York and Philadelphia. -But m none of
these States was there any election in the fall of
1858, except perhaps in Florida. It will not be
contended that the yards were stuffed in New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Virginia, to af-
fect the elections in Pennsylvania and New York.
The table to which I have alluded was fur-
nished to the House of Representatives in answer
to a call from that body, and is hereto annexed.
—(See page 54.)
It appears from the testimony that there was,
at all the eastern yards, in the fall of 1858, an un-
precedented amount of work in progress, and
that, as that was completed, the number of men
was diminished.
Commander Rootes speaks of the large number
of men necessary for fitting out the Niagara and
the Paraguay expedition, atid sailing master Brady
follows up with this statement:
" Question. How does the amount of^voik going on' now
compare with the amount that was beiftg done m Novem-
ber last'? - - - ' ''
Answer. I thinkwe are doing a similar amount of work
at the present time, only we arc not quite so hum.ed as we
were then. At that time* we were hurrying off thiS'Paragiiay
expedition. As soon as we could possibly dispense with the
services ol such a large numbei of laborers without incon-
venience to the public service, they were discharged.
" Question. When was the first dismissal o'f the men
made?
"Answer. I cannot say exactly. I think it was mad©
some time after I got theie ; J thmk^hout the first of the en-
suing month, (the 1st of December,) and more dismissed on
the loth ol December."
But the testimony of Mr. Lenthall makes a
more full and satisfactory explanat:i©tt'in relation
to the work: ^ ,v
" Question. State what work has beerrdtne m yottr de-
pal t men t m the navy-yards, according totlje present means
of stating, duiing the past year,m the summer and fall more
especially ?
Answer. At Portsmouth they have been working upon
the Constitution, which required very considerable le-
pair«=, and the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, and have been
building one of the new sloops. At Boston they have been
repamng the sloop-of-war Constellation, the sloop-of-war
Levant, and the brig Dolphin, arid building one of the new
sloop?. At New York they have been fittingoutthe Sabine,
Ntagaia, St. Louis, and the two store-ships Supply and
Release, building one of the new sloops, and fitting the
steamers Atlanta, Westernport, Caledonia, and Memphis.
At Philadelphia they have been repairing the frigate Con-
gress, finishing the sloop Lancaster, building two of the
new sloops, fitting out the steamer Chapin for the Paiaguay
expedition, repairing the merchant vessel Richmond, which
had been very seriously injured by being run into by a Gov-
ernment vessel. At Norfolk they have been building the
sloop of-war Richmond and one of these small sloops, re-
pairing the John Adams, and fitting out the steamers
Southern Star, the Preble, Fulton, and the Water Witch,
for the Paiaguay expedition. At Pensacola they have been
building two tloops, one called the Pensacola, and one of
the new sloops last authonzed by Congress. That is all
that L lemember of the work during the last summer and
fall.
« Question. How did this amount of work compare with
the amount of work at any time before going on in the
navy-yards ?
" Answer. 1 think that it is rather more than we have
ever had at anv one tune before.
" Question. What occasioned the necessity of this great
amount of work being done last autumn?
" Answer. Part of it was due to the fitting out of the
Paraguay expedition. Occasionally ships came in wanting
more repairs thqn we could foresee. In repairing a ship,
we mav "•ornettmcs find it necessary to rebuild it.
" Question. How many new sloops did you have at this
time ?
Ansicer. One at each of the yards; at Philadelphia
there were two
" Question. How many new vessels have you had in
progress during the last year ?
" Answer. Five authorized by the last Congress, and
seven authorized since.
u Question. Was there ever a time before when there
have been twelve vessels in the course of construction at
the navy vaids ?
" Answer. I think not."
Here, then, appears a reason for a larger num-
ber of men than usual, during the fall of last year,
at all the yards.
If, however, the system did not lead to this re-
sult of packing for elections during the last fall,
it certainly tends to that direction.
The practice of levying contributions upon the
men, and receiving costly presents from them,
was amply proven and fully admitted.
It is a practice wliichyour committee cannot too
strongly reprobate. The bestowal of a present
by a subordinate upon a superintendent is-simply
the purchase of an indulgence. Itmustbe a man
of strong principle who will require full compli-
ance with duty from one whose costly gifts he
bears upon his person.
if such practices should be tolerated, employ-
ments m the yards will be bought and sold, and
■ | the question of a man's retention will be determ-
ij ined, not by his faithfulness in duly, but by his
j! hbeiality in piesents; and so the offices of rnas-
| ter-workman willbe amcrc brokerage inappoint-
I ments. The men themselves, having obtained
their places by pay, will feel no sense of obliga-
tion to discharge their duties properly, and the
superintendents being bribed, there will be none
to exact fidelity.
If a fair share of the responsibility, whatever
it may be, for the policy of equalizing the patron-
age among the different congressional districts
mast attaeh to the present Secretary of the Navy,
it will not be denied that he is fairly entitled to
credit for the measures of reform adopted during
his term and by his direction.
Commander Rootes, Whose service there com-
mencetf'soon after the incoming of the present Ad-
ministration, says : "There were a great many
reforms made in the yard while I was there."
And one great important reform he mentions as
made by him, in carrying out the orders of the
bureau of yards and docks. Constructor Delano
mentions a' regulation adopted about a year and
a half ago, for the examination of all master
workmen before they can be appointed, thus se-
curing that none but competent men shall here-
after be appointed to these places.
This, he thinks, will have a decidedly benefi-
cial effect.
It appears, also, that an order was issued on
the 14th of December from the Secretary of the
Navy, the purport of which is to give to the com-
mandants of the yards the power to dismiss dis-
orderly and incompetent mea. It is as follows:
Circular.
Navy Department, December 14, 1858.
The commandant of a navy-yard, at any time, when, in
his judgment, the public interests require it, is authorized
to direct the discharge of any of the men employed in the
yard under his? command.
He will report to the Department when the services of
any of the master workmen can be advantageously dis-
pensed with; also any just ground of complaint which may
come to his knowledge against any of ihem.
ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the Navy.
To the Commandants or Navy-Yards.
If it be borne in mind that the evil complained
of in these yards is, that the master workmen are
appointed at the Navy Department, and that they
select their own men, so that there is no sufficient
power in the hands of the commandant of the
yard to enforce discipline and rid the service of
idle and worthless employes, the importance of
this order will be seen.
Here, then, are several valuable reforms in-
troduced under GovernorToucey into this branch
of the service. And as to the abuses which have
been mentioned, flagrant as they are, it would bo
difficult, upon any principle of justice, to hold
him particularly responsible, because it does not
appear that they were made known to him. The
witnesses were questioned closely on this point,
and almost unanimously said that no complaints
had been lodged before the Department at Wash-
ington. That the Department was always ready
to have all necessary investigations made, Com-
modore Rootes distinctly proves:
" Question. I want to know whether, so far as came
within your knowledge, when complaints were made to the
Department at Washington about misconduct in the yard,
was there any remissness in the Department in having these
things investigated into—these complaints alleged against
men or practices in the yard ?
t£ Answer. They seemed to be very anxious to have in-
vestigations made."
If Governor Toucey be allowed due credit for
the many important reforms introduced by him
into this branch of the service, and also for his
readiness to inquire info ail alleged wrongs that
might be brought to his knowledge, he is entitled,
as your committee think, to a favorable judgment
at the hands of his countrymen.
It seems to be conceded, however, that, in order
to secure thorough reform in this regard, some
act of legislation is necessary. The great object
would be, to remove the appointment and dis-
missal of men from the reach of political influence.
It is a serious question with your committee,
whether it is practicable to do so. Can appoint-
ments be made at such a location without the
intervention of party bias? Its accomplishment,
if practicable, is necessary not only for the good
of the yard, but for the comfort, convenience,
and independence of New York city members of
Congress.
The Hon. John Cochrane, the Hon. H. P.
Clark, and others, have spoken out explicitly on
that subject.
In speaking of the management of the Brook-
lyn navy-yard, your committee have thus far
passed over the investigations made'by them into
the manner in which the offices of storekeeper
and navy agent at that place have been discharged.
These are both important offices, and have each
been the subject of much unfavorable rumor.
