926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
more than our imports from them; and with Ens:-;
land alone the difference is $61,000,000. If you
take our trade with the British dominions, fs
shown in the commerce and navigation reports for
the last four years, you find that we sell them, on
an average, $44,000,000 in each year morje than
we buy from (hem. There is, in fact, a kirge
specie balance due us from England. Where docs
it go ? Our commerce with Cuba is the other way.
We sell Cuba only half as much as we buy from
her. The same condition of things exists with
reference to China, and other countries; and it is
only by means of this large balance m our British
trade that we make up that deficiency without ex-
porting specie.
But gentlemen refer to the fact, that specie is
constantly going out; and they say we are being J
ruined by this system. They forget that, in the j
last ten or twelve years, the United States has ;
become a great gold producing country. Wcpro- ;
duce $50,000,000 a year, or more, of gold. We j
cannot use it all; and it is just as necessary to |
export our surplus gold as our surplus cotton.
Notwithstanding the laige exports of gold, we
find that there is a constant accumulation of
specie in this country under the system of free
trade, as it is called. For example, in 1846, the
specie in the country was estimated, by the Treas-
ury Department, at $97,000,000. It is now, at
least, £350,000,000. In fact, if you make a rea-
sonable allowance for what emigrants must have
brought to tins country, I should not be surprised
if it is $400,000,000. Thus, while our popula-
tion has increased less than forty per cent., the
amount of specie in the country, in twelve years,
has increased nearly ten times as much.
But how has it been with the manufacturing
establishments themselves? While everybody is
prospering, how has it been with them ? If we
are to believe the statements of the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania, and others who speak on this
subject from time to time, they are in a most lam-
entable condition. We were told, ten years a^o,
that the iron business liad all broken down. Wo
have been told, in each successive year, that it has
been rumed. If a man merely heard thespeech- s
made on that side, he would come to the conclu-
sion th^t thete was not one pound of iron made in
the United States.
Looking, however, to the census, i find that,
in 1810, there were made in the United States two
hundred and eighty-six thousand tons; and, in
185U. ten years afterwards, after atrial of four
yeais of the tariff of 1846, it had increased to jive
hundred end sixty-foui thousand tons, or double;
and in 1855, they fay themselves if has run up to
a million of tons. Here is a business that has gone
up in fifteen veais from two hundred and eisrhfy-
six thousand tons to n million, or a four-fold in-
crease. i\ow, 1 ask what branch of business has
progressed more rapidly? The production of cot-
ton has not equaled U. Take agriculture, gener-
ally, and it fails far behind it. There has been
an enormous mctease. 1 find that, avoiding to
the statement ot the Secretary of (he Tivasui v in
1847, the exportsof iron, and artick s made of iron,
were £1.167,000; and in U>58, $4,729,UOU—an in-
crease of thive hundred and five per cent, m
eleven years. Docs that look as if the business
was failing?
But we have some other data thnt will aid us in
commii to a conclusion on this point. 1 find that
the census of 1850 represents the wa^es of men en-
gaged in the iron establishments at $1 06 a day m
Pennsylvania, while the male labor emra^ed in the
cotton fiotones of that State get only sixty-five
cents a day. They pay laborers in the iron es-
tablish nu-ms, therefore, fifty percent, more than
they pay laborers in the cotton factories. It may
be said that the labor in the iron establishments
is a different kind, and therefore you must pay
more; but when i come to look at the prices paid
jn North Carolina, 1 find by the census of 1850,
that in the iron establishments in North Carolina,
the price of male labor was thirty-nine cents a
day, and in the cotton establishments forty-three
cents—very little difference, but cotton is the 'ugli-
est. In Georgia, the iron labor is forty-four
cents and the cotton fifty-five cents. It appears,
therefore, that in Georgia and North Carolina the
prices paid in the cotton lactones to male labor,
and in the iron works are about equal; in Penn-
sylvania they pay fifty per cent, more to labor m
the iron factories. That proves that the icon
business is most profitable in that State. These
bein<? the prices m Georgia and North Carolina,
m 1850, they must have been about the prices* of
agricultural labor; that is, the farmers of the coun-
try were realizing only some forty or fifty cents
per day, while in Pennsylvania men m the iron
establishments were making more than a dollar
per day.
Now, what justice is there in taxing men who
are not making more than fifty cents a day, for
the benefit of those who are making more than a
dollar? The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr
Cameron] said the people of his State were stand-
ing idle, and were looking to the President to do
something for them; that if he would work as
hard for them as he did for the Lecompton bill,
they would have a good time of it. Sir, I was
reminded of Falstaff's speech, which is so often,
quoted: " Ilal, when thou art king, rob me the
exchequer." These Pennsylvanians, according
to-the statement of the Senator from that State,
say to Mr. Buchanan, " you are now President;
ph.nder the people at large for our benefit." Ac-
cording to the showing of the Senator himself, we
are told that if you were to repeal the tauff, or if
you do not increase the duties, the people will all
quit making iron. I do not believe a word of it.
Mr. BIGLER. Who said that?
Mr. CLINGMAX I do not know that my
friend said it; but 1 ask him whether he said that
the lion business would be abandoned if you re-
sorted to free trade? Has he not heard it said
often ?
Mr. BIGLER. I want to remind my friend
from North Carolina, that whatever I may have
said on the general subject of the prostration of
the iron business at this time, I did not discuss
that matter at all; I made no allusion to it. I did
not want to speak of what would be the condition
of atT'irs if the tariff were suspended; but I said
that it was erroneous to assume, in leference to
iron and other great staples, that if the home pro-
duction ceased entirely, and the tariff was cut off,
they could be nui chased at twenty-four per cent,
less in consequence.
' Mr. GL1NGMAN. Well, I will ask the Sen-
ator whether he has not often heard it said, and
whether lie did not hear it suggested by his col-
league and others? But I have better evidence
even than that, in the memorial which has been
sent here, and which the Senate have been ap-
pealed to to reprint at this session—I mean the
old memorial of the iron convention which met
in 1S49, and which lies on the table now. 1 find,
on looking at it, that they go into a minute state-
ment of the cost of making iron; and how much
do they put it at? They say they cannot possi-
bly make iron for less than $49 a ton at the works,
arid that it costs $4 75 to get it to market; and
hence, when they sell iron for $55 a ton, they only
clear $1 25 on it. At the very time they sent this
memorial to us, you could buy merchantable bar
iron in Liverpool at $26 or $27 a ton, and, duties
off, get it here for about $33; so that, according to
their statement, it is necessary that we should im-
pose aduty of £20 a ton to enable them to make it
at all. They said it could not be reduced for this
reason, that the price of wages was so high in this
country, that in England ihey could get for §3 71
as much labor as was gotten for $ II in the United
States. They told us further, that ihe cost of
making kou was mainly m the labor; that nine
tenths of it was labor, and the rest material. It
turned out by their own showing, that the Brit-
ish, at their price of labor, could produce iron at
$20 a-ton as easily as they could at $50. If that
be true, will any gentleman contend they were
going to continue the business if the tariff were
repealed r No', sir; according to their own show-
ing. That idea has been preached to us again and
again, but I do not believe a word of i«< In point
of fact, I do not believe there is that difference in
wages. The Senator from Rhode Island who sits
near me, [Mr. Ai.ltv,] who is particularly well-
informed on this subject, has told me a^ain and
again that he has noticed for years past that the
pnees of wages in the establishments of England,
i and he gets them weekly, do not average gener-
| ally more than thirty per cent., and he is confident
not as much as forty per cent, below The prices of
labor m this country.
Remember, we have now got a duty of twenty-
four per cent, on iron; and besides that, the cost
of putting it on ship-board, and freights, and
every thing else, as estimated by an iron com-
mittee from Pennsylvania, and I think correctly,
amounts to as much more. They gave me a
Statement, for my use, some sessions ae;o, and
they showed that the cost of importing it, inde-
pendent of duties, was equal to twenty-seven per
cent, on the then pneo of iron. It was a little
lower then than now. My friend from Georgia
suggests that putting a duty on that cost would
make it twenty five, if yon take either twenty-
four or twenty-five per cent, as the duty, and add
it to the twenty-seven, you have fifty-one or fifty-
two per cent. Our producers, therefore, have,
under the present tariff, in our own ports, an ad-
vantage equal to fifty per cent, over the foreign
producer. If they actually paid forty per cent,
more m wages, they would still have largely the
advantage; for they admit, themselves, that the
raw material is cheaper in this country than in
England; so that they ought to make a profit at
a price largely under the present rate. That ac-
cords with the statement I produced, that the iron
production has increased four-fold in the last
fifteen years. Everything; goes to show it. If
you swept away the tariff to-day, it is possible
some few weak establishments would go down,
and it might reduce the, price of wages; but I do
not know that it would.
To prevent misrepresentation, I say that I
should be gratified if the iron men of Pennsylva-
nia could get not only one dollar, but ten dollars,
forevciy day's labor; butthe question is, will you
tax men who are not making fifty cents a day,
perhaps, all the year round, to enable others to
get more than a dollar a day? Suppose you re-
pealed the tariff altogether, and wages were re-
duced a little; they would still get nearly twice
as much as the agricultural laborers of the coun-
try. Do you think they will abandon the busi-
ness' Why, sir, there ate many parts of the
United States where men have raised corn when
it was worth only ten cents a bushel. I know it
used to be the case out in Kentucky. I do not
know what the present prices arc, but corn was
produced and sold at ten cents a bushel: and those
Kentuckians not only pursued the business, but
they used to fatten large numbers of hogs and
other stock, and drive them six or seven hun-
dred miles to market. They used to drive a hun-
dred thousand or more, through the little town in
which I lived, going South. These men woiked
as hard as any on earth; and they are the men to
be taxed on their iron, sugar, and other articles
of consumption, to enable somebody else to get
enormously large profits. That is the point of
view m which 1 oppose the system. It is to ben-
efit a few large iron-masters and other manufac-
turers.
But again, sir, we are told that raw- materials
ought to be made free. I will give very briefly
the different excuses of the manufacturers for an
increase of taxation. They present many plaus-
ible arguments to us. What are raw materials?
I suppose the common understanding is that they
are articles which, in their present state, are to
be worked up into a better thing. According to
that standard, coal and iron are raw materials for
the manufacturer of pig metal, and they ought,
therefore, to be free. Well, pig metal is raw ma-
terial for the manufacturer of bar iron, and Scotch
pig, and all other pi<; ought to be free of duty.
The bar iron that he makes is the raw material
that the blacksmith works up and sells to the
farmers for plows and hoes and axes. Ask a
farmer what are the raw materials he requires for
a crop, and he will answer, that they are his ma-
nure, his working tools, his stock, and his labor.
The great working agent in this country is man;
and-whatis necessary for his subsistence,I think,
ought to come in as raw material—the provisions,
clothing, and everything he uses. Why shall not
that go into this working machine ? Are you to
say that everything is to be free which facilitates
reproduction ? for 1 suppose that is about the idea
of some political economists. They divide con-
sumption into that which is productive and that
which is unproductive; and the result is that you
.; will have to make everything free, except perhaps
,j jewelry and pictures and statues, a groat part of
which are now free. The whole idea of drawing
any such distinctions is pieposterous. It is a
cunning excuse of manufacturing gentlemen, who
!IflteVv tilt to <ret what they wish to use up, free of
<: duty. They do not intend to pay any part of the
