1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cgng....2d Sess.
Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
As supplies cannot be purchased exactly when
wanted, and as it is found useful in practice to
keep a quantity on hand ready for immediate use,
the office of storekeeper .is indispensable. His
his duty to preserve them, to keep an account of
the quantity received, and the quantity paid out;
and thus be able to show at any time the quan-
tity on hand. Whenever a new storekeeper js
appointed, it is indispensable that an inventory
should b& taken, in order to ascertain whether the
supplies on hand correspond with the quantity
which the books call for; otherwise one man .might
be made to suffer for the fraud or carelessness of
another. Indeed, it appears advisable to your
committee that inventories should be required at
stated periods, even during the service of the same
storekeeper, should that service be long. It does
not appear that this regulation has heretofore for
years been strictly and thoroughly complied with.
The present storekeeper (Mr. Herrick) speaks of
another abuse as heretofore existing in his office.
It has been the custom of some of his predeces-
sors, he says, when supplies of a permanent char-
acter were furnished to out-going ships, to credit
them upon the books as paid out; yet, if the ves-
sels, upon coming in from their cruise, should
return a portion of these supplies, as frequently
happens, they have not again been charged against
the storekeeper on the books. Thus the store-
keeper would have on hand stores for which it
would be difficult to fix his responsibility. It is
difficult tcr see how such a case could raise with-
out gross neglcct somewhere. The purser or
commanding officer of the vessel is, or should be,
required to account for all stores, permanent or
perishable; and if paid over again to a naval store-
keeper, the receipt of that officer should be re-
quired as a voucher.
This abuse, however, Mr. -Herrick states, has
been reformed during his service.
The amount of stores which should be on hand
in the offices of the different storekeepers on the
1st of July, 1858, according to the records of the
Department, is $6,333,664 21. t
At New York, alone, the amount on hand at
that time should have been $1,414,152 68, and at
some other yards even more. There passes
through the hands of the storekeeper at New
York, in the course of the year, stores amounting
to something like half a million dollars. The pen-
alty ofhis official bond, as he states, is $40,000
only. This appears to your committee to be
scarcely adequate.
Though the importance of this office is thus
shown, it appears for years past, and under Ad-
ministrations of different parties, to have been re-
garded as a respectable and comfortable place for
some man who wished Government aid while he
carried on other business. It has often been filled
by editors of newspapers. Such was Colonel
Fuller, under Mr. Fillmore's or General Taylor's
Administration; such is Mr. Herrick now. lie
says in his testimony:
11I am editor of a newspaper. X do not imagine that a
stoiekeeper with a salary of $1,700 is paid mainly for the
manual or mental tabor lie perforins, bat for the responsi-
bility he assumes."
When asked whether he devoted as much as
one seventh of his individual time to the duties
of his office, he answers:
{i I do not know that I do; but I do all that is required."
Again, lie says:
4< I think I am as much in the storekeeper's office proper
a^ any storekeeper I have known; and I have known sev-
eral for at lea^t fifteen oi twenty yeais. There was Captain
Paul It. George, Colonel Craven, Mi. Pentz, Colonel Fuller,
and Colonel Deiavan, who all conducted the business just
as I do; at least, I suppose they did. Colonel Fuller told
me that he used to go there once or twice a week. It is not
necessary to go every day. I consider the storekeepers
place as one of responsibility; the storekeeper is not ex-
pected to do manual labor, or the woik of a clerk.
"Question. Has not this office been given for many years,
under all Administrations, to editors of papers, or some
political person ?
Answer. All offices that I know of are given lo some
political person ; they are all politicians, eithei on one side
or the other. Colonel Fuller was editor of the Mirror; Col-
onel Deiavan was not, £ believe, in any business when lie
was appointed. He was a politician, however."
While Commander Rootes thinks that the force
in the storekeeper's office is unnecessarily large,
lie thinks it too small, and states th'at his books
are now behind on that account.
New Series—No. 20.
If the Government should approve the policy
of paying one man for responsibility, and another
for labor, it will find occasion to increase its em-
ployes in all branches of its business. This pol-
icy your committee are not prepared to recom-
mend.
The office of Navy agent is one still more im-
portant. He disburses all the money expended
at that point, both under the bureau of yards and
docks, and under that of construction, equipment,
and repairs, amounting in the year to $3,000,000
and more. •
Against this office, for years past, rumor has
alleged grave abuses; and therefore, your com-
mittee resolved to make an extensive examinatipn
into its management.
Many charges, more or less grave, were "made
against the present Navy agent, Mr. Sanders, by
different witnesses in this investigation.
Mr. R. S. Swackhamer, who had been em-
ployed as a clerk under Mr. Sanders, and been
discharged, stated that his accounts had been
falsely made out, so as to show less of money
chargeable against him than was correct; and also
that he had in some cases, for a compensation to
himself, paid money to some parties before it was
payable, withholding it from others to whom it
was due. Mr* Swackhamer said:
" Answer. The statement made to the Secretary of the
Navy during the last months 1 was there, did not represent
the finances of the office. There were generally several
bills, amounting to several thousand dollars, entered as
having been paid the last of one month, when they were
really paid early in the following month.
u Question. By whom was this done?
" Answer. By the chief clerk geneially.
" Question. What effect would that have upon the state-
ment of this account; would it enable Mr. Sanders to draw
more money 5
£C Answer. Yes,sir; I took that to be the design. It would
present an incoirect view of the matter to the Secretary of
the Navy. He would not suppose there was so much money
in hand as there really was.
" Question. How long did you continue with Sanders ? *
" Answer. Until his olfice was confirmed; a little over a
year after his appointment.
" Question. What amount of bills were returned as paid
which were really unpaid ?
" Answer. I think about $20,000 or $30,000.
" Question. What was the aggregate amount ?
" Answer. It passed on from one month to another, prob-
ably increasing. I remember one bill of #3,000 and odd,
which was reported as paid in April, which was not paid
until some tune in May."
-Mr. Swackhamer further said that the accounts
of the former navy agent (his brother) had been
incorrectly stated also.
Others charged Mr. Sanders with sending his
requisitions almost exclusively to Secor & Co.,
of which house his surety is a member, without
making the requisite call upon contractors, and
without knowing anything about the price which
Secor & Co. would charge, and many witnesses
charge him with neglect of duty, &c.
Upon all these points Mr. Sanders was exam-
ined at length. He denied the charges made by
Mr. Swackhamer, and on that submitted the fol-
lowing explanations:
" Qupstioti. When you send a bill to the Department to
draw the money on it, is this leceipt attached to it?
" Answer. A blank form of receipt is attached to it; it is
not signed, however, until the money is leady to be paid.
" Question. You send the bills to the Department, they
send you the money, you pay the parties, and then they
sign the receipts. ?
Amicer. That is so. They sign the receipts when the
money is paid to them; and these receipts, thus signed, are
my vouchers.
" Question. Then the bill when it is first sent on is the
same as the one you send on as a vouclicr, only the receipt
is not signed ?
"Answer. Yes, they send it back to me, and when I get the
receipt signed, itgo<>s to the accounting olnoer of the Treas-
ury as my voucher.
" Question. Isareeord of these bills kept at the Depau-
ment?
(i Answer. I presume so. at least; I do not know enough
of the way they manage their business, however, to say
positively.
li Question. Then at the end of the quarter you send to
the Treasury Department all yout receipts?
Answer. Yes. and they then cio>e up my accounts lor
the quaiter; I have nevei had a mistake found in my ac-
counts jet; some items may lie sent back for explanation,
but m e'veiy instance it was satisfactorily explained."
In relation to the charge of leaving unpaid ac-
counts which were due, Mr. Sanders stated as
follows:
" Question. Has it ever been the ease that you have used
i money, winch you have received for a paruculat bill which
! you have sent to Washington, to pay another bill which you
have not sent on to. Washington, leaving the other bill un-
paid ?
" Answer. No; I have never let a hill Jie over at aJJ, ex-
cept-when I was dircctod to use this discretion, to work off
the Treasury paper to the least injury of all parties, giving
a part of the cash, which reaches me in advance, to, ©n,e,
and a pan to another. I have never heard a word of com -
plaint from a contractor on this ground; and no man who
received money through my office ever had cause to com-
plain that X had kept him waiting for his money a minute
after he applied for it, if I had received it. Now, to show
that if! am deficient*m anything it is not in keeping suffi-
cient fund's on hand, because/it takes a week for ine to
make a requisition upon Washington and get the money, £
will mention an instance. At the time the Niagara was
ordered off, the purserof theNiagarareceived an order from
the Secretary of the Navy upon me for $10,000, and i re-
ceived a dispatch to that effect, also. Recent drafts from
the Secretary and Fourth Auditor had exhausted all the pay
and contingent fund on hand; but I promptly borrowed the
money and paid it over to the purser. There has been no
instance, after the* receipt of funds, in which I have kept
creditors waiting for their money from the smaliness of the
contingent fund. The Department has overdrawn on me
twice,,yet f have always paid. I recollect that there was
an artielc in thf  Herald, about the time of my confirmation,
saying that the Secretary had better examine my accounts;
yet, on that very day, I was $2,000 in advance of the Gov-
eiment, and transmitted a telegraphic dispatch to the Sec-
retary of the Navy to that effect.
" Question. When did you last settle up youraccounts?
" Answer. On the 30th of September last.
" Question. Did you exhibit your receipts and vouchers
at that time ?
" Answer. Yes; everything.
" Question. How did your accounts then stand ?
" Answer. They were all square."
CommodoreSmith,chief of the1>ureauof docks
and yards, says that these things could scarcely
be true to any important extent without discov-
ery, and that no complaint, even, had ever been
made to the Department on that subject.
" Question, Under that system, would it not be practica-
ble to bring into the settlement of a former quarter what Irad
happened during the current quarter, by making a false
return ?
"Answer. I do not see how it could be done, unless he
committed a fraud, altering figures and dates.
" Question. I f that were done would it be likely Uiat com-
plaints would be made ?
" Answer. The person who is to receive the money upon
the bill which has been approved would certainly make a
complaint if he did not receive his money, unless he hart
made a batgain with the Navy agent to allow him to retain
the money upon paying for the use of it. If he did that, the
Navy agent might charge upon a previous quarter the pay-
ment of a bill wluch he had not paid, excepting by a prom-
ise."
Mr. G. A. Blood, who has been chief clerk i«
the navy agent's office for five years, fully sus-
tains Mr. Sanders's denials and confirms his ex-
planations.
In relation to the chaige of procuring all his
supplies of Secor & Co., allowing them to charge
too high a pricc, Mr. Sanders stated that his pur-
chases in open market, from Secor & Co., had
been, since the 1st of April last, only about
$13,000.
In relation to his failure to consult contractors,
he explained by referring to the following letter
addressed by him to Commodore Smith, on that
subject:
Navt Agent's Office, New York,
An*u<:t 17, 1858.
Sir: Your letter ofthc 14th instant, caJhngmy attention
to the circular of the Department of December 29,1855, has
been received.
I think it proper, at this time, to present to the bureau a
few obstacles m connection with this matter, and which,
if the bureau will remove, f will be veiy happy to carry out
the circular to the letter. So far as it has been tn my power,
I have endeavored to act according to the spirit of the in-
structions of the Department, always keeping in view the
fdet that the Department required nothing but of the very
best quality ; and it is admitted at the yard that the articles
arc the veiy best m market, and give the highest satisfac-
tion, foi which a fail market price should be paid, and noth-
ing more ; and when I have thought parties wished to
charge exorbitantly, I have refused them any of the trade
oi the office. And in a case recently, where purchases
were made on account of Mr. Lesley, contractor, the arti-
cles were piocured at a much lower rate than the contract,
although they were afterwards turned over to the con-
tractor, and the bills made m uis name.
Requisitions are often made for so small quantities—for
instance, tiiree spools of cotton—and &o indefinite (if for
tools, or lion, &c., no size is given) that no merchant could
form an estimate of the price until the parties at the yard
are consulted. This occupies time ; and two or three ap-
plications of this kind, if they should fail to receive an order,
the bureau will readily peiceive, would not only discourage,
but disgust them with the whole woikmg oi the Depart-
ment.
It is often the case that articles aie not required until the
moment they ate wanted for use, and then they are either
piiu'hased by the yard, or, if time xs taken to go through the
lorm of the circular, hundreds of men are kept idle, wait-
ing, and the Government really loses more than twice the
eu/t of the article ; and tins cannot be avoided, if tlw? cir-
