9i8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
I will follow the Senator from Georgia, or any-
other Senator, in any reasonable, energetic, and
appropriate mode for reducing the expenditures.
I do not mean to go into a crusade against all the
departments of the public service, to destroy the !
utility of the Government for the purpose of re- '
ducing the expenditures to what we may get
under any system of revenue. That I do rfot i
think is wise; and I do not behove the Senator |
from Georgia contemplates it. 1 heard him with I
great interest, and followed the items he presented j
as well as I could; and if I understood him in the
aggregate,he supposes we mayreduce the present
expenditures from ten to fourteen millions; and ir.
that I most heartily concur—that is, if i under-
stood him, they ore now from seventy-three to
eighty million dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. Seventy-three million is the
estimate.
Mr. SIMMON'S. And, then, there is a little
margin that we always fill up for private claims
and other things, as I understand. I am con-
strained to believe, without very much informa-
tion as to details, that it cannot be possible that
the expenses of this Government can hav-e been
legitimately carried up, within the last six years,
from forty to eighty million dollars a year. 1 am
in the habitof looking over these tables ratheras
a matter of curiosity than as the foundation for
any remarks in the Senate; but I recollect that !
the last administration winch 1 had any hand m |
electing—and I beli.'ve I was sustained by the !
Senator from Georgia in that—I mean General j
Taylor's Administration, did not spend half what j
is now expended. 1 have been fortunate enough, j
whenever I went to a convention, to happen to •
have the candidate elected who was nominated, j
and unfortunate in having a visitation of Provi- I
dence deprive the country of the advantages of his ;
services. That, however, is not for me to speak i
of. But I recollect looking to the expenditures \
under General Taylor. They were about thirty- j
nine million dollars the first year, and the four \
years of his administration and Mr. Fillmore's,
averaged about forty million dollars. l(
About thaHtirue there was a proft ssion of great 1}
desire for economy ys the expendmues. I shell
not go into that matter at this stage of the debate, 1|
because I intend now to confine rnysilf princi- l!
pally to nn examination of what it is fairly to be I
presumed can be collected under the present rev- h
enue laws; and, as I said yesterday, if I do not ll
convince the Senator from Georgia that, from !
some cause or other, he has misapprehended the :j
result of the present revenue system, I shall join |j
with him. I know that Senator wants to get at ij
the truth; and lie is a man capable of compre- \ \
hending it when it is presented. Before 1 sub- 'j
mit any tables, which 1 know are always dry j
and uninteresting, I should like to call the atten- 1|
lion of the Senator ftom Georgia to the tables ;
that he commented on. I had to interrupt him i|
yesterday, very much to my regret, to inquire
what he was commenting on when he gave us a
great inony figures, and I desired to know whether
he was indorsing the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury or condemning them? I could
hardly tell. lie said he was a friend of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; and he spoke very ap-
provingly of his ostimates of the receipts, and
very harshly, as I thought, of Ins estimates of
expenditures, which he considered enormous;
though whether the censure applied to the Sec-
retary, or somebody else, I could not exactly
understand.^ Well, sir, I have never known any
Secretary of the Treasury to under-estimate ex-
penditures; but, as for the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the receipts, I should like to know if
the Senator from Georgia, or any other Senator,
would give a jack-straw for anything that came
from him? lam but slightly acquainted with him,
but have great respect for him; he treats me with
great civility; and i have no purpose, in comment-
ing on his estimates of receipts, other than to show
to the Senator from Georgia, and to the Senate,
that there is no reliance to be placed on them.
On the 8th of December, 1857, he told us,when
five months of the year had expired, that he
could get through the last fiscal year and have a
balance at the end of it of four hundred and fifty
or five bundled thousand dollars from the cur-
rent leceints. We were then passing, as it were,
out of the severest part of the revulsion, and he
had had fivemonths'experience of the fiscal year,
and at that time he made those estimates fof that
year and told us that for the present vear the rev-
enues from customs would be $64,000,000. Al-
though he told us that he would have a small bal-
ance at the end of the year, he came to us within
a week after the date of that report and asked us
for $20,000,000 of Treasury notes; and such was
the pressure with which the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee pressed it that it was as much
as 1 could do to get a day to look at the tables.
It was not four months after that before he wanted
another loan, and that started here at $15,000,000,
and thus went from this Chamber and came back
from the other House at $20,000,000. That is
the way a bill goes on in traveling through the
two Houses of Congress. These $40,000,000 have
been worked up with a balance of $17,000,000
which he had in the Treasury when he com-
menced the iasu fiscal year, and yet he told us he
could get along last year without any aid what-
ever. When I see a man make such egregious
errois m his estimates, I am obliged to distrust
the soundness of his calculations.
I cannot conceive why the Senator from Geor-
gia should speak with so much disrespect of the
estimates of expenditures, and so approvingly of
the estimates for receipts; for as to his expendi-
tures he has turned out to be a great deal more
accurate than he was about his receipts. If I
were to distrust him especially, it would be when
he was going to cipher out anything about the
receipts from the tariff. I should like to give
him credit for expeuence, for capacity in under-
standing what are the results of the common laws
of trade, what cffect the revulsions and revivals
of business produce; for such 1 consider to be
among the paramount duties of a statesman, if he
occupies that position. He is not to keep send-
ing messages to us, referring us to his old reports
to teli us how we can get duties, and finally wind
up with not proposing to do anything, except to
hire money. I believe both he and the President
denounce any further going into debt; but 1
thought, when I read what they said on this point,
that they woie looking one way and rowing the
other, and that we should very soon have a loan
bill I have come to distrust those who are always
talking about having revenue enough, and yet are
continually proposing to hire money rather than
proceed deliberately to revise and reform the sys-
tem.
The Senator from Georgia made another re-
mark winch I shall notice now, though I know I
shall be a. little awkwaid in defending the Demo-
crats of the country. [Laughter] his rather
out of my line. He said the tariff of ]357 had re-
ceived the sanction of the Treasury Department
when Mr. Guthrie was at the head of it. I must
beg leave to differ with the Senator entirely in
that. 1 think I read Mr. Guthrie's report to the
Senate last year, and I know 1 appioved of it.
lie recommended a revision of the system, that I
believe kept the liquor duties at one hundred per
cent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not say that Mr. Guth-
rie approved that particular bill, but that he pro-
posed bringing the revenue down to $50,000,000.
He recommended us to reduce the revenue to
§50.000,000, that being enough for all purposes.
Air. SIMMONS. 1 understood the Senator,
and I believe it was a fair inference from what he
said, that the tariff act of 1857 received the sanc-
tion of the Treasury Department; of the Execu-
tive of the country; of the House of Represent-
atives, which was then largely adverse to the
Executive; and of the Senate, which was largely
in his favor; that it got the sanction of every de-
partment of the Government. That is what 1 un-
derstood him to say.
Mr. TOOMBS. It got the sanction of the ex-
ecutive and legislative departments. I know ail
its details were no! satisfactory to Mr. Guthrie.
Mr. SIMAIONS. Weil, sir, I had/lot a great 1
deal of faith in the head of the Executive Govern- |
ment during the last Administration. :
Air. TOOMBS. He signed the bill, ;
Air. SIMMONS. Of course he would sign i
anything then. He was just going out. He had !
gone^ through his career, and spent more than any j
Piesident had ever done before him, and to less
purpose. Air. Guthrie's plan was, in order to pre-
vent frauds, to take all the texnie fabrics then
scattered through various schedules, put them in
one schedule, and impose on it a duty of from
twenty-five to thirty per cent. He told you how
frauds were consummated; that these articles were
given new names; that all sorts of new phrases
were coined to £et them into the low schedules.
According to his proposition, w*e were to have a
high duty on- liquors, and thirty per cent upon
everything: coming in competition with our pro-
ducts; and everything else that was dutiable was
to be put at fifteen or twenty per cent.; and have a
large increase of the free list. That is a states-
manlike view, when you are going to reduce* your*
income; and I believe the Senator from Georgia
will admit that it is a statesmanlike view of the
question. The tariff bill of 1857, as it passed the
House, would have yielded sufficient revenue,
but was amended in the Senate so as to destroy
both the business and. revenue of (he country.
Iam not going to talk about the effect these things
will have upon day labor, and those details with
which the Senator from North Carolina has been
entertaining the Senate. They are not particu-
larly involved in this question. I trust there
will be no time in our history when there will not
be found a majority of the people of this country,
and of the members of the Senate, who are for
promoting, protecting, and encouraging the pro-
ductive labor of the country, in whatever pursuit
it may be engaged; and in that, I know 1 shall
have the concurrence of the Senator from Geor-
gia. I have invariably been opposed to extrava-
gaut rates of duty—to hot-bed schemes of protec-
tion. Some ask why should we not encourage
the manufacture of articles which are not produced
here, and make our people produce them. Sir,
I will not divert labor from the pursuits in which
it is engaged, to go on some wild goose chase after
a phantom. That has never been the proposition
of any man who really undertook to take care of
|| the labor of this country. Mr. President, the
i| great dividing line, winch wilt always sepatate
II those on one side and the other of this contro-
ij versy, if controversy it must be, is between pro-
ductive American labor on the one hand, and for-
eign labor and non-producers in America on the
other. You may try to befog it as you may,bu-t
it stands out like the beams of the noon-day sun.
The American laborers have come to understand
it; and you cannot befog them any longer.
It is a common practice in the Senate to accuse
me of always having been in favo-r of specific du-
ties and high protection. Well, sir, I have been
engaged in thinking on this subject a great many
years; I have been engaged in trie-pursuits of ac-
tive labor ever since the last year of the last cen-
tury; I began young. There has been no period
of my life, when an honest American laborer was
not nearest of anything to my heart, and I trust
to die with the same feeling. In 1833, when there
was a proposition for the revision of the tariff, I
was sent here by those interested in manufactur-
ing, and I found great excitement on the question.
I learned what divided men m the Senate and
House of Representatives upon it.#I found a high
degree of exasperation on one side, and a desire
to pour oil on the waters on the other. There
was a feehng on the part of the then friends of
General Jackson that looked to me as if he desired
trouble and confusion. I regret to say it, for m
some respects, 1 revere his memory. There was,
on the other hand, a tenacious holding on to the
dogmas of protection, that I regretted to see. Spe-
cific duties, it was said, were the only panacea for
all evils. With wlmthttleskill I possessed, 1 went
in for an arrangement that should bring every-
thing to ad valorems upon a fixed valuation which
would prevent fraud. I believe, now, conscien-
tiously, that a system of home valuation, with a
common ad val,rem rate of twenty or twenty-five
per cent., is the best form of revenue duties that
can be devised by man. It carries withm irself
the means of instructing the community. Every
man who reads the law, knows precisely whether
or not it fixes the value too low or too high, ac-
coiding to the market rate, and demagogues can-
not make hi«n believe that lie is paying one hun-
dred per cent, when he is not paying more than
twenty or twenty-five.
On that basis, with a view of carrying out the
principle, I, in 1842, reported a bill after a sreat
deal of laboi; and, although it has been brought
up against mo here that, during that year, } could
not be waked out of my sleep without singing
out, specific duties;55 there i.< an argument of
fifteen or twenty pages devoted exclusively to sat-
