306
AFPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps
cular is carried out to the letter. If there is a requisition
from the yard of any large amount, it is invariably the case
that it is stated on the f.iee of it where it to be bought. I
have too amiably yielded to these suggestions, thereby
establishing a bad precedent, as the inspector should not
influence the purchase.
I do not understand the circular to give contractors the
monopoly of supply. Some of the contractors are evidently
of this opinion, and recklessly make bids below the casli
value of the best articles of the elase, hoping to make up
such losses by excessive charges on articles oidered by open
purchase. If the inspectors do their duty there will be little
profit on the open purchases, even were they all given to a
single bouse, and it is certainly to the interest of"the Gov-
ernment that the best house in the city should do all the
miscellaneous business, as I have «hown it is not of suffi-
cient consequcnce to be much divided.
Very respectfully, GEORGE N. SANDERS,
Navy Jlgent.
The chief clerk, Mr. Blood, corroborated Mr.
Sanders on this point, also.
Mr. Sanders distinctly denied having ever re-
ceived any part of the profits upon articles pur-
chased by him. Having investigated these charges
as thoroughly as they could, your committee have
no hesitation in saying, that, upon the weight of
testimony before thorn, Mr. Sanders has not been
convicted of any fraud or malfeasance in office.
The charge that Mr, Sanders is frequently ab-
sent from New York, and gives comparatively
little personal attention to the duties of his office,
appears to have been better sustained. He alleges,
however, that when absent from the office he
leaves a very competent assistant to discharge his
duties for him. It does not appear to your com-
mittee that the business of his office has suffered
by the absence of Mr. Sanders, nor does it appear
thatany complaintof personal inattention to duty
has ever been made to the Department at Wash-
ington against him.
It appears to your committee that the duties of
navy agent are notdelined with sufficient distinct-
ness. The only legal provision on the subject is
that which fixes the salary at §3,000; the rest is
left to the regulations of the Department.
The contest which appears several times to have
arisen between the navy agent and the command-
ant of the yard in relation to their relative rights
and responsibilities in making purchases, ought
to be settled. The "responsibility should be clearly
fixed.
The large amount of open purchases, and espe-
cially the large amount made without the inter-
vention of the navy agent, has struck your com-
mittee with surprise.
Purchases by tho master workmen do not seem
to be sufficiently guarded against fraud and col-
lusion.
The navy agent purchases upon a requisition
drawn by the civil officer of the department that
needs the article, which requisition is approved
by the commandant and countersigned by the
storekeeper. The article when bought is inspected
by the inspection officer, and is entered upon the
books of the storekeeper. There appeals to be
every necessary precaution in this case, except
as to the question of price. When the master
workman purchases, the civil officer-s above him
and the commandant of the yard atu required
merely to approve the bill. Other safeguards are
removed. And yet it appears that more than two
thirds of the articles recently purchased at New
York have been purchased in that way.
Jlmaunt of open purchasa made at (he Npv York Nation,
arranged according to the quarters, from JJpnll, 1857, to
December 3i, 166S, mclunie:
Quarter.
Purchases by Purchases by ,
agent. yard. <
Second quaiter, ending June 30, j
185 7 $32,287 07 $.->2,730 56 !
Third quarter,Suptembur 30,1837, I4,«32 72 G 1,008 40 j
Fotinh quarter, December 31, ' i
1867  4.830 30 39,912 24 j
First quarter, March 31, 1 £58.... 5'.787 f>7 57.08(5 13 i
Second quaiter, June 30, IfeOS... 13',1(J2 S3 27^172 12 i
Third quarter, September 30, :
185 8  6.455 15 29.850 07 j
Fourth quarter, December 31, !
1858   11,038 23 34,159 80 j
$88,392 82 $312,888 32 !
The Philadelphia yaid was the only other to
which the investigation of your committee was
seriously invited.
The testimony in Velatton to that discloses noth-
ing which calls, m the opinion of your commit-
tee, for special comment.
The question in relation to the employment of
eighty oakum-spinners in the summer of 1858,
so far as the Government is concerned, appears
to have been simply a question whether it was
better to have the oakum spun up rapidly by a
large number of men, and then dismiss them all,
I or whether it should have been done by a smaller
i number in a longer time. The competency of
S these persons for this work and their faithfulness
| in labor is proven.
' AGENCY FOR THE PURCHASE OF ANTHRACITE COAL.
Since the substitution of steamers for sail ves-
sels to so great an extent in our Navy, fuel has
become an important and costly part of our naval
supplies.
For a long time the Government was greatly
imposed on in making purchases of the article.
The circumstances under which the mode of pur-
chasing was changed is thus described by a very
| intelligent witness, Mr. B. H. Springer, of Phil-
I adelphia:
" Jlnswer. So far back as 1845, or 1846,1 am not positive
which, the coal trade in Philadelphia, seeing the mannerin
which thy Government was supplied, felt desirous of intro-
ducing a better article, for their own interest, of course, as
well as for the interest of the Government. They urged
me to visit Washington, and try to get it introduced into the
Navy. I ihmkthis was during Secretary Mason's fiist term,
under Piosulont Polk. I complied with their request, and
visited Washington each session without accomplishing
anything, uniil the long ses*jon—I do not remember which
Conpre*s—which terminated in 1850. I was informed by
Mr. Graham that if we could succecd in getting the law al-
tered which gave it to the lowest bidder, he would appoint
an agent. Wc did succeed, and I was appointed in Janu-
ary, 1851."
Mr. Springer was a man of intelligence, who
had been much employed in the coal trade, and
who understood the business thoroughly. He'
made, doubtless, a very excellent agent. After
him a Mr. Tyson was appointed for four years,
.and at the expiration of his term, the present
agent, Dr. Charles B, Hunter, of Reading, Penn-
sylvania, received the appointment. The last ap-
pointment was made in May, 1858, since the
coming in of the present Administration.
It is very clear from this testimony, as well as
from that of other witnesses examined before the
committee, that Dr. Hunter has proved himself
an uttetiy worthless agent.
It appears, too, that he has an equal partner in
the profits of this agency, a Mr. J. F. Smith, of
Philadelphia, who has been very little, if at all,
more useful than Dr. Hunter.
Such execution of Government trusts your com-
mittee cannot too strongly condemn.
The inquiry naturally arises, how far are the
authorities at Washington responsible for this
worthlessness and incompetency of their agent?
Dr. Hunter is an educated man, of high respect-
ability as a gentleman, a resident in the vicinity
of the coal region, and for some time connected
with the iron business. It could scarcely be ex-
pected that Governor Toucey should make ap-
pointments in the different States upon his own
personal knowledge; and though the President
resided in the same State with Dr. Hunter, yet
he had been so much employed in public affairs,
and recently so much out of the State and away
from the country, that he, too, might well be al-
lowed to rely even for Pennsylvania appointments
upon the information and recommendation of
friends. Proof has been exhibited before your
committeo that Dr. Hunter's testimonials and rec-
ommendations were of the strongest, most exten-
sive, and most influential kind. The following
is a specimen of them:
The undersigned, members of the Senate and House, of
Bei ks county, in the State legislature, beg leave to recom-
mend Dr. Charles II. Hunter, of said county, for the agency
to «upply the Government with anthracite coal, now held
by Benjamin Tyson.
Doctor Hunter is a sound, active, and influential Dem-
ociat, of undoubted integrity, and m every respect fully
competent to di>chaige the duties of the office.
We earnestly request this appointment a-j one duo to
the applicant, and as one which will prove highly gsatilj mg
to tue Dernosiacy of tin's county.
JOHN O. EVANS.
j. LAWKENCEGETZ.
W. WM. fJElNS.
B. NUNEINACHER.
MICHAEL HOFFMAN.
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of the Navy.
Similar recommendations for Dr. Hunter were
signed by Mr. Scwartz,Mr. Heister, and a 1
number of other gentlemen.
If gentlemen in public position, having the in-
terests of the entire Union to supervise, with im-
portant trusts constantly claiming their attention,
and important appointments constantly to dis-
pose of, with numerous applicants crowding upon
them night and day, and with their army of back-
ers and friends, literally laying the Executive
mansion and the public Departments under seige
—if under such circumstances they may not fall
back, and rely safely upon such recommendations
as these, what resort will be left to them ? They
cannot make one appointment in a thousand upon
their own knowledge; if, then, they may not rely
upon gentlemen of known position and standing
to advise them as to suitable persons for public
positions, your committee are at a loss to know
how such duties are to be performed.
Your committee do not know what testimonials
rival applicants may have produced; but unless
they were absolutely overwhelming, the question
would appear to be, what right had the President
and the Secretary of the Navy, as men anxious
to do well for the country, to disregard such rec-
ommendations in making this appointment?
And after the appointment was made, what was
there, as shown by the testimony, to have caused
them to remove Dr. Hunter? No complaint was
ever made to them, up to the time when this in-
vestigation began of his inefficiency or inattention
to duty. Coal of better quality than that received
in former years was being furnished; Lenthall,
the chief of the bureau of construction, under
whose supervision much of it passed, was satis-
fied; Commodore Smith, the chief of the bureau
of docks and yards, who supervised a large pro-
| portion of it, was satisfied; this branch of the pub-
lic business seemed to move forward as smoothly
1 and as successfully as if Dr. Hunter-had been all
his life a coal digger, and was devoting himself
to his business with energy and intensity unsur-
passed in the history of public officers. What
was there, then, to have awakened the attention
of men constantly pressed with public engage-
ments, particularly to the coal agency in Penn-
sylvania?
It is true, there were men all this while appar-
ently lying in wait for their victim, and setting
their toils in the dark. There was Nevin, himself
a disappointed applicant for the coal agency, and
who had proposed dishonorable arrangements in
order to obtain the place; he was making propo-
sals which he knew could not be fulfilled, and
deliberately preparing himself, as it would seem,
to be a swift witness in the future.
There, too, was Repplier, displeased because he
was no longer allowed to sell his coal to the Gov-
ernment at a most extravagant price; there were
others, envious, perhaps, of the better fortune of
more successful competitors for this desirable
trade. But no one of them all gave one word of
information to the authorities at Washington in
relation to a proceeding which they knew at the
time (as they now swear) to beagreat fraud upon
the Government.
Ill relation to the quality of the coal received
during the present agency, Mr. Pierce, <naval
storekeeper at Boston, says:
£: It was very good ; it is said by engineers to be superior
to that received in former years."
Chief Engineer Wood says;
" It was evetylhing, so far as regards quaiityand prepar-
ation, that could be desired; I never saw supeuor coal to
that furnished."
Sciniekson, of Philadelphia, and others, con-
firm generally this statement.
The importance of procuring the best article of
coal for steam purposes, in view of the limited
coal room m steam vessels, and to avoid useless
freights in supplying foreign stations, will be ap-
parent to all.
What is called the foreign freight is greatly
larger than the home price of the coal, and is as
much on worthless dust as on the purest ore.
The requirement for the best article of coal seems
to have been fully met in the recent supplies.
Your committee have said that it was furnished
at a price, both relatively and absolutely, lower
than for years before. In proof of this, they re-
fer to a table of prices of coal purchased in former
