930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
however, give you the actual result of the last
year's importations from June 1, 1857, to June
30, ISSB^the first year under the present tariff. I
begin, as every accountant must do m fixing the
result of any year's operations, by stating the
stock on hand at the beginning of the year. This
item has been overlooked by the Senator from
Georgia. There were m warehouse on the 1st of
July, 1857, goods previously imported, to the
, amount of $56,487,644; affd there tvas payable
 ponthem, iiiduties, flu,956,852. Itis plain that
if these goods had all been taken out of warehouse,
and the duties paid on them,, there would have
been received into the Treasury nearly seventeen
millions of revenue, even if we had not importeda
single dollar's worth during the last year. These
goods were in warehouse, and nearly seventeen
million of duties was payable on them, whether
we imported anything during the year of not, and
that money would have a;one into She Treasury.
In order to ascertain the amount paid into the
Treasury from the goods taken from the wave-
house which were imported before the last fiscal
year, we must deduct the amount remaining in
the warehouse at the end of the year This was
$22,829,583; on which there was payable, in
duties, $6,434,32fi. This amount deducted from
§16,956,852, which was payable on the goods in
warehouse at the beginning of the year, will show
that the balance of gl0,52;2,526 was paid into the
Treasury during the year, distinct fiom and inde-
pendent of the goods which were imported during
the year.
The- whole revenue from customs dming the
year was $41,789,520. Of this sum $10,522,526
was paid upon goods previously imported, which
leaves, for duties paid upoti goods imported during
the year, §31,267,094.
Upon what amount of goods was this sum col-
lected ? The whole importations of the year were
$282,613,150; and thole were, of dutiable goods,
$202,293,875; and office goods §80,319,275. Of
the dutiable goods, there were reshipped before
the duties on them were paid, |7,747,930, leaving
§194,555,845, upon which $31,267,084 was paid
into the Treasury; which is a fraction over six-
teen per cent, upon the dutiable goods. If the
amount of free goods consumed be added to
the amount upon which duties were paid, say
$64,241,514, tiie aggregate amount of goods upon
which duties weie paid and fiee goods will bo
$258,797,359; which will sliow that the §31,200,084 .
of revenue received is buttwelve and one tenth per
cent, upon the whole amount of dutiable and free j
goods. These figures show, that while the average j
rate of duty, under the act of 1857, upon dutiable ■
goods, is seventeen and three fourths per cent., j
the revenue collected upon the dutiable imports
of last year was but a fraction over sixteen per ■
cent.; and, also, that while the average rate upon ;
the dutiable and free goods is fifteen and seven '
ninths per cent., theie was collected but twelve ,
and one tenth per cent, upon the aggregate amount
of goods which paid duty and those'which were !
free; so that the actual revenue received is not so
near the average rate of duty under the new as
under the old law, upon the entire importation, '
owing to the larger proportional amount of fiee j
goods now imported. The importations of the last
year were J2S6,013,150; of which there were re-
shipped something over $30,000,000, and reported ;
as entered for consumption, about $252,000,000. !
Of the goods reshipped, I was told that a little
over $7,000,000 had paid duties, and I have so j
estimated, in giving the average rate at twelve i
and one tenth per cent, if that amount should i
be deducted, and the estimate made upon the
amount of about y>52,000,000, as entered for con- 1
sumption, the average rate paid would be less j
than twelve and one half per cent.; so that if we I
should import $360,000,000 a year, as the Sena- !
tor from Georgia said he estimated we should, !
we should get, at twelve and one tenth percent.,
but $43,560,000 of icvenue, and at the twelve
and one half per cent., but §45,000,000; and yet
$360,000,000 is nearly £100,009,000 more than the
average importation for the last five years. The
large amount of free goods very much diminishes
the average rate of duty collected. If the average
rate on dutiable goods was twenty per cent., and
half the importations were free goods, we should
collect but ten per cent.
Then, in any view which can be taken of the
subject, I submit that you san get out of an im-
j portation, such as we had last year, no more than
twelve and one tenth per cent, under the present
; tariff. If that is not so, I know nothing about the
j rules for estimating revenue, or anything else,
i The whole of tins mistake has arisen by over-
i looking the great item of goods that were ii) ware-
] house at the beginning of last year, $56,000,000;
j §35,000,000 of which were imported in the year
j preceding, consisting of brandips and other arti-
cles, on which a large amount of duty was taken
! off by the last tariff. They were lodged in ware-
house to get the benefit of the reduction, and
' came in after you began to take your account of
i this year's importations, and swelled the aggre-
gate, and made your Secretary of the Treasury
i believe he was getting nineteen per cent., when
he was only just getting twelve. It is as plain as
noonday. These figures are not made up for the
occasion; but taken out of the Secretary of the
! Treasury's leport. I submit to the Senator from
[ Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] whether he has any
hope of paying the expenses of this Government
with a tarilf the average rate of duty under which
is twelve and one tenth per cent, on all the im-
ports' Even if it should come up to ail average of
fifteen per cent., about what it is by including the
goods taken from warehouse, he knows enough
about finance and revenue to know that it is im-
practicable, if you go on unckr this system, you
j cannot avoid the inevitable result of* a national
! debt or national dishonor. You cannot pay yuur
expenses under it. No man can prove it to me,
| no matter what he may say about how great the
importations are going to be.
J agree that there will be large importations. If
I was interested forforeign producers against the
producers of my own country, and had $22,000,000
of goods in warehouse in iN'cw York, 1 would
enter them before Congress adjourned; and I
wonder they have not done it before now, so as
to have Mr. Secretaiy Cobb sending us a mes-
sage saying that the revenue was coming in so
rapidly that he would soon have a surplus.iThey
are always looking out for what hmv influence
public opimon, and especially when this question
is before Congiess. The American people have
no knowledge of how their Senators and Repre-
sentatives are watched by the foreign emissaries
that ore quartered upon us for a living ail over the
; country. I am sorry the honorable Senator from
Georgia is not here now, for I wanted to compli-
ment hirn for a remark which he made the other
day, when he said he would do right in defiance
of all the proud Powers of Europe. If he will
but do right, he will be backed by this country
.against the bristling bayonets of a continent of
Europeans; but it does not follow that this country
[ will sustain any man who wants to cheat or steal
his neighbor's goods or lands; but, in a right cause,
there will be no lack of men, no lack of means;
and the more men anil the more means for the
very menaces that are put out on the other side
of the water. Such a sentiment as the Senator
utteied on the occasion to which I have alluded,
is worthy of a Roman in the Fabian age of that
country, or a Spartan m the days of Leonidas.
They did not fear men or number?; nor should
we. m a right cause.
I wanted to call the attention of the Senator to
another fact that took place here, when I was at
home, when it wa3 proposed to revise the tariff.
Sir Henry Culwer wrote a letter to the Secivfary
of State upon the subject. The flrinsh lion shook
his mane over the Congress of the United States,
because we proposed to raise our duties; and, on
that occasion, General Taylor sent to Congress
this characteristic message: " :
To the yenute of Ike Umtcl States: j
I iieif-.vitii tian^ut tu Oou te^ copies of a recent cor- i
re pond?uc« bwweun the .Dcpamnent of c?uu; aacl the Bnf-
i.h reina; Washington, rei.ifmij to iuhjoci-; winch
to requne the coriMileruiou of the le.ii.-iauve, latner than
the executive biandi of the Government.
z.wiiaity taylor.
March -1, 1SG0.
The letter of Mr. Bulv/er, which he transmitted,
was as follows:
British Legation,
"Wa.siiisg'j.us, January 1850.
Sir: It having been represented to her Majesty's Govern-
that there is some idea on the partol the Government
ot twe United States to increase the dunes upon iiutish iron
imported into the United States, I have been instructed by
her Alajestj'ss Government to express to the United Slates
the hope of her Majesty's Government that no addition will
made to the uuiies imposed by tire present tariff of the
j United States, which already wcu'h heavily on Ritri-h pro-
. Uucn'on , and f cannot but olfr-nve, for my own part, that
| an augmentation of rht> diiiN^ on BnrMi piOii'iee and nian-
! utactuie?, made at a moment wiu-n the Brui.«.h Government
I ha>, by a sen^d of measmes, been Ucihtati >a: the comtneice
. between the two countries, uould produce a very disagree-
able efleet on public opinion m England.
I 1 avail myself ot this opportunity to renew to you the as-
| surance ol my distinguished coif-jderation
: „ 7 _t IlEMtY L. BOLWER.
i Hon. John M. Clayton,
: Secretary of State of the United States.
| _ Now, I have heard a great deal said about vis-
j iting a vessel to see if it was not a pirate under
I the flag of our Union, and the indignity offered
j to us by such a proceeding; but I want to know
1 how an American Senator can feel, when we are
discussing our own domestic policy, to have the
..representative of a foreign Ciown inteipose arid
address us on such a question. I think General
j Taylor did just right in sending that communi-
j cation to Congress; and I regret to say that there
j was not an answer corresponding' 10 what I be-
; lieve was due to the honor of the American Con-
j greas. I recollect somewhere to have read, or
j heard, that they had in England at one time a
' great dandy, by the name of Beau Brummel, who
j said he could offer an indignity to the Pnnce of
| Wales, who was afterwards Geoige IV , and he
j would overlook it. While he was at his table,
! he leaned forward, and said, " Prince, ring the
bell.'5 He did bo; and when the servant came,
| he told him to " show Mr. Brummel to his car-
i riage." That is about the smartest thing I ever
knew a man to say, who was born to the inher-
itance of a Crown; and \ should have thought the
American Congress would have said to General
Taylor, " Give Mr. Bukver his passports;" and
he would have done it with the grace of a prince,
for he was one of nature's noblemen. That is
.! what he expected of Comztvss, no doubt, when
■ ; he sent in that communication. Gentlemen may
; talk about the duties beh;<_r paid by the consum-
i ers; but if they were paid by the American con-
: Burners, do you suppose Sir LTcnry Bukver would
have been communicating the wishes of her
i Majesty's Government upon the subject1 He
•j knows who pays them. Hr  knows 'what will
; break down the industry and independence of
! America. I have no hostility to England. I like
j England; but I want thorn to keep on tluirowrc
j side of the water, and let us keep on ours. 1
1 do not believe it is good policy to cultivate oren-
| courage any hostile feeling to any foreign nation.
; I agree with General V/ashmgton's view 111 that
i respect, and I was very nun y to hear the Senator
( fiom Georgia say that he had been waiting for a
: long while for war with England, and hoped to
, live to see it. I never want to see it; but I do not
| think the Government of the "United States should
1 go much out of its way at any such suggestion,
i Let us keep where we think our interests guide
i us; and, above all, take care of our own labor,
| and let them take care of theirs.
! I have endeavored to confine myself to the sim-
] pie practical question, whether, in the nature of
! things, with the ordinary sagacity of a statesman,
; any man can point out that a revenue, sufficient
■ to maintain this Government, can be derived from
| the duties levied under the act by which we are
t now collecting the revenue. 1 defy any man,
i without perverting every fact in our history, to
: show that it can produce any such thing. Taking
( $360,000,000 as the basis of importation, which is
I more than the average of the last five years, and
it would not produce more than forty-four million
dollars; and I have no idea whatever that we shall
; get more than about forty million dollars a year
under it. I think we shall have a larger importa-
, tion of spirits and finery under the high schedules;
' and, if we keep our labor poor, we shall have very
I f«",w ai tides coming m under the schedules impos-
■ ing a moderate duty, because the ptople will not
be able to buy them. Everybody, who knows
anything about the business of this country, knows
that, during the last ye^r, the articles on the free
list, consisting partly of raw materials used in
manufacturing, were not imported to any very
great extent. Half the nulls wore stopped during
the year, so that there was not more than half the
consumption of an ordmaiy year; and therefore,
when business shall levive, and the gu-at estab-
lishments that consume dye-stuffs and other raw
materials which are not produced in this country,
start again, the importations of articles on the free
Ust will increase in proportion to the others. In-
