1859-.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9331
stead of diminishing, they will increase; and so
will the goods in the lower schedules that par-
tially corac in for consumption among- the people :
and partially for manufacturing purposes. The :
four and eight per $ent. schedules will be increased.
When there is no business doing, nobody wants
to import these goods, and in fact, I am told, at
the Treasury Department, that there were seven
million of those lower scheduled goods which j
were reexported last year after the duties had
been paid. They do not go into warehouse, be-
cause four per cent, is no consideration. Indeed,
the warehouses are used as a depository for liquor i
dealers, and tho Government of the United States j
is hiring money at five per cent, to enable them :
to store their liquor until it can get old enough to
sell, without expense to themselves. They do
not want to enter it for consumption until it is old
enough, and they let it lie m warehouse at a smaller
interest compared with what jt would be if they
had to pay the duty and put it in their cellars.
That is the actual fact. If anv class of the com-
munity can afford to pay duties, it is the import-
ers of liquor. They get ej<jht fold what the article
costs before anybody drinks it.
I examined aliquorcnse last, winter and I found
that the importers entered French brandy at from
fifty to sixty cents a gallon, and you cannot now
buy a gallon of it under four or five dollars. I am
aware that when people are not doing anything,
as was the case last year, when times are hard,
they are apt to drink to drown sorrow. I believe
Solomon authorizes that, for he said, " Let a
man Junk, and foigot his poverty.'' Last year
was a wondciful year fur liquor, I hope that we
shall give our people more work, and then they
•will drink le«s.
The Senator from Georgia rather attacked the
Secretaiy of the Interior for a certain course he
had pursued,and as I am m for it, I may as well
defend the Democracy. 1 expect to be the only
man here that will stand up for this Administra-
tion. [Laughter.] This is the first recommenda-
tion 1 have known from the President thy 11 could
put niy hand on my heart and say I honestly be-
lieved he thought just what hesaid. lie ha.-; been
for specific du'ies these forty years, and the an-
nunciation of that honest truth has brought the
whole pack on h m all over the country. It has
so metamorphosed him that, like Acteon. he is
pursued by his own h&unds. But I trust we shall
see none of tins in the' Senate. It is the only
recommendation that I have seen from him that
I could approve since he has been at the heart < f
the Government. He is denounced from Geor-
gia to Maine for recommending specilio dut"'s,
although lie qualified his recommendation by s.ly-
ing that to moire them specific would not ne^es-
saiily make them higher, but would only stop
frauds. He ita'ed further, Msat the present tariff
would not yield fnough revenue, and no man can
gainsay him in that. He also said thrt he, was
against going into debt permanently to suppoit
the Government in time of peace.
The Senator from Georgia f ;ud, yestm day, that
we had surveyed eighty million acres of land last
year, and that the Secretary of the Interior should
have put them into market and soidthem. If he
had done so, who. would have bought them ? Who
had the money to pay for fhem? I believe in
soQie of the western States money is now its high
as three per cent, a month. The 'Senator from
Geoigia would put the l^nds of the poor laborers
in maiket, and lot speculators buy their improve-
ments at the minimum price of the laud. Is that
the way to help th? poor? I honor the Secretary
of the Interior for tins kind consideration tortile
laboring men of the land. I score* ly know the
menibcis of this Ca'nntt; but I have a Ji..it\L of
looking at people pruty closely when I see ? hrm,
and I think this Secruui y of the Int. not is the
moist honest man I ha\r m-'t among them; and
the greatest evidence I huw of it, s? that he
has thought of the pooi tVdovvS in their cabin1?,
who have hardly a dollar to to meeting with,
much lessto buy a farm. The Senator from Geor-
gia complains that we have not got a revenue irom
these men. I am told that their crops nre short,
and what they have got will hardly bring any-
thing. I know gentlemen say they can go to
Europe for a market; but I will not go into that
question; for my business now is to defend the
Administration. [Laughter.]
Aj to the Post Office Department, I think I
shall agree with the Senator from Georgia, that it
ought fo be probed. I think §6,000,000 ought to
be cut off from its expenditures.
In 1852, Mr. Buchanan wrote a letter in answer
to an invitation to a public dinner in Baltimore,
in which he denounced the expenditures of the
then existing Administration, which had reached
only about forty million dollars. I will give an ex-
tract from his letter:
" We must inscribe upon our banners, a sound regard for
the reserved light-* of the State*, a strict construction of the :
Constitution, a denial to Congress of all powers not clearly
granted by that instrument, and a ngid economy in public
expendituies. Tuesc expenditures have now reached the
enormous s?um of $50,000,000 per annum, and, unless ar-
rested in then advance by the strong arm of the Democracy
of the country, mav, in the course" of a few year^, reach
&IO0.UOO.OOU. The appiopnation of money to accomplish
;t me:'t o-itsonal object, sanctioned by the Constitution.
o<i[,rlst to be on a ^cale commensurate with our power and
resounds as a nation ; but its expenditures ought to be con-
ducted under the guidance ol enlightened economy and
strict responsibility. J am convinced that our e\penses |
rni?ht be cors^doi.ibly recfuerd below tfie present standard, j
not only without detiimenf, but with positive advantage, i
both to the Government and the people j
" An excessive and lavish expenditiue of public money, i
though in it.-eh'highly pernicious, is as nothing when corn-
pal ed with the di-..:->trou^ influent, e u may eveit upon the'
chaiactei of our fice institution.^. A stiong tendency to-
ward* extravagance ^ the cieat poliiieal evil of the piesent
day : and tin>5 ought to be fmrily ieM ted. Congie--s now
iXK-espantiy impoitimed f'om every quarter to isi.ikf* appio-
pijations for all sorts of piojectr:, Money, monev, f-oni the
national Tiea«ury i; constantly demanded lo enrich eon-
tiactois. speculator.,and agents, ,uul the p;o|oct - oie ptlded
over with everv aiiutemeut vvhieh (_.ui lie imp'i'ted to them
by ingenuity and talem "
I could not help thinking, when lie invited us
in his annual message to p;u s some act to restrain
the Administration from sp.njdiu'? money, that he
had lived to see what he so much deprecated in
his opponcntsfulfilled by his own pirry before he
had got half way through his i.dnnnistialion.
The expenditures have gone to double what they
were at the time when he was complaining of
them, and then he said retrenchment must be in-
scribed on the Democratic banner.
In lnsrocent message he tellsli1*that we should
do something in regard to the Po&t Office estab-
lishment. When, in 1845, the post office law was
remodeled by Congress, tiie Postmaster General
was ordered to let the mails " to the lowest bid-
der tendering sufficientguarantces for faithful per-
formance, without other reference to the mode of
such transportation than may be necessary to pro-
vide for the due celerity, certainty, and security
of such transportation.'5 When Mr. Cave John-
son came to make the letfings that year for the
easioi n section, embracing New England and New
York, he made them under that law, although
it did not take effect for three months aftei ward.-;,
and he saved ^23,000 a year on that little see.nm;
but when he came to the southwestern section,
he found that lie could employ iour-hoi ic coaches,
and ho published this circular:
"20. L'ndei the act of 3d March, the route to lie
lot to the lowe-.t Udder, t'-ndej mg -uincicnt guaiiunt'*^ for
faithful pfiformanfe, without ot'ier reference to the nio-'e
ol transportation than mav h ■ neue ^ary to provide 'or the
due eeienty, certainty, and te< untv. ot' Mieh naii^fKjri.moii.
And the n«\v coMtiaetor i.-i not r>. quired to puiohase out, or
take at a valuation, the stock, oi vehicle ot apreviou.- e</ii-
trictor.
«• When the lowest b.d p;opo~es a mode of conveyance
that i« m.idequrite ioi the loute m re-pect to tiie certainty,
feecuuty, and celenty of the naiN, a.-ale from any accom-
modation toi ttavei. it \\ HI not be entitled to the iouie.
: c-£l. When tiit- bid doca not name a mode of conveyance
it will be taken pnd irnder:-tood to lie for the lowed mode
of conveyance, to wit • on hoi*cback. When it propose* to
' curry according to the advorns-oiuent, and no mode o; con-
vjanc.-4 id «t*i(ed foi tiie loute m the advei twemcnt. it vv ill
be considered as ollliiag only for hoi^e-baek co.'vov i'ice.
V/hen the adveiteehseritu^e.-. me teim • conveyance in :\vo-
J ok;< coaches, oi in foui-hetic coachot. ;i;e ihouv, or
• p.opn-aN !o cany ia fsvo lioi^e cnache- ^ ' i be rousni-'ied,'
or the like e< pe-. :oi'? i<> the btd • io'c-nhng to rt«e a-i\ t*r-
'Ol.1 v.-iU in't ij > (j;, i"r-;oo(. as ir.L-m'rr to the mv^ie
Pit'o'i^neil in f-iu i) ii'Vitation i t tie* bujii'i nite'i'N to pro-
■ pi'-e : ir the mod- <>j eoi.voymee stated in the mutation, he
.•r.i.chl name d m t' on-- oi hi- bid.
;i~l. r^i!M.e f h" p oi ihf act "f Mai eh S, If 1", a new
! de-r lipooM of bid lis* been reeened. It j-ptcife^ an mode
' of ewmeyan^e. but eTgace^tocaiiv the mail with cert am I v,
! ceSent> , iaid rccui a\  unhg the teoas 01 the law. 'i']h:se bid-:
! .nc v.:d'ec, fiO'n JIk- ma*mer :n v. ineh they a: o de.-ignnted
' on the bookb of the Uepaitment. •• Star bid>/5 It lids- been
1 decided, aftc. m uure consideration, that a bid piopo^nm a
1 j-pi'cuie mode of conveyance of as lugli a cuidc as two-
! lior^e coaeli transportation i  to be pie'tired to thestoi hid.
The expenenceoi the Depaitment enables it to lay down
1 the following rules, viz :
I When the mail on the loute U not so large a? to require
■ two-hor^e couch conveyance, a star bid, if the lowest, will
be preferred to the specific bid.
When tiie mads are of such sixo as to render it
necessary oi expedient m reItreneo to them alone to pro
vide two-horse coaeb conveyance, the specific bid. though
the highest, will be preferred-to the star bid, to the extent of
a moderate difference m the compensation^in case the dif-
I ference is not such as to interfere with the policy of,the
new law, which looks to a reduction of the cost of trans-
portation. Exceptions, however, may be allowed, where
the star bid is made by the present owner of the stock on
the route, and it is manifest-that the reasons for preferring
the specific bid do not exist in his case.
" 24. On routes of the highest class, where four-=frorse
coach transportation is requited by the size and importance
of the mails, the pieference for the specific bid will be,  f
necessary, carried to a greater extent of difference than on
the inferior coach routes, subject, however, to the excep-
tions above stated.
sl2o. A modification of a bid m any of its essential terms *
is tantamount to a new bid, and cannot be received so as
to interfere with competition after the last hour set for re-
ceiving bids. _ <{C. JOHNSON,
" Postmaster General.
Janvary 8, 1846."
He went on in this way during his whole ad-
ministration. He altered the New England let-
ting, and brought it under the new law, and yet
afterwards he disregarded the law in regard to
other sections. Mr. Buchanan was in that Ad-
ministration. Mr. Cave Johnson and Mr. Buch-
anan and Mr. Walker made specchcs about that
post ofHcc law, and they knew cxactly what was
intended by Congress. Mr. Buchanan in his last
message asks Congress to alter the law. He says
that up to 1852 the postal service had cost the
Government loss than four and a quarter millions
a yenr. Well, sir, there is a clause in the law
that limits it to $4,500,000; and I do not know why
that limitatfon is not as binding on this Adminis-
tration as any other. The limitation to which I
refoi is contained in the proviso of the act of March
3, 3845:
Froi ided, That the amount of expenditures for the Post
Ofliee Depattment f-hail not, m the entire aggregate, exclu-
sive of salaries of officers, clerks, and messengers, of the
Geucial Po.vt Office, and the contingent fund of the same,
excecd the actual amount of (->4,500,000.
; That was the limit by law; and that remains
j' the limit, I suppose, unless there has been some
j1 subsequent law; and I do not know but there has
!| been Very likely the limitation may have been
j, taken off; 1 do not know how that may be. But •
h the President, in his annual message, and that
! called my attention to this fact, asks us to pass a
| law to restrnin the Postmaster General, so that
| he shall be confined to letting the mail contracts,
without any reference to the vehicles being suited
to tiie transportation of passengers; and you will
see, by this message, that they had never tran-
scended the limit of that law up to 1852, which
| was the last year of Mr. Fillmore's Administra-
j lion; and now, he says the post office expenses
i are over ten million dollars. They have gone up
| under Democratic rule, with a banner inscribed
I with "retrenchment, reform and economy," frOm.
i $4,250,000 to $10,250,000; $6-,000,000 increase; a
! $] ,000,000 a year directly against law; and he
j wants us to restrain this man. If you should pass
' this section just as you passed it in 1845, he
j thinks it is exactly what ought to be done!
1 Now, Mr. President, it is my opinion that this
| enormous extravagance is not spent for carrying
■ the mail. It is to carry the party, and the party
: has got so that all the revenues m the world will
i not carry it. [Laughter.] You might spend the
' whole money of the Government arid you could
■; not carry the party through. As to this Califor-
nia business, they have carried one free State
I, since we were here before, and I believe the mail
'■ Jettiogs there cost two or three miliums a year.
!, I behevo they would not have carried that if our
folks had sense enough to keep united, but some
!. of them want to have a small party when we get
into power, so us to have the offices. There is^a
j! ^ood d-jal"of calculation that way, 1 am told this
'I lav.' has never been altered, and they tell me at
the Department it is just as good a law for letting
, the mans as it over was. Now what is proposed ?
i Ileio is a ^6,000*000 addition to the expenses of
' I carrving the mail and the party, and what is the
remedy proposed? The Secretary of the Treas-
b ury, in his report, in answer to a resolution of the
I' House of Representatives, says he wants the
; postages raised so as to pay these expenses out of
the letter writers, out of the business of the coun-
try, out of the social correspondence of the coun-
try. I looked over it; I thought it might possibly
have varied, but I found that in New England
and New York, the eastern section, the revenue
' from postage was about twTo million dollars under
the five cent system, an<^after it was altered to
