1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and, Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
In May, 1858, each applied to the Secretary of
the Navy to purchase his surplus timber, and
urged it upon the ground that the nature of the
service unavoidably left a surplus on hand after
the fulfillment of such contracts, which it was the
usage of the Government to purchase at a fair
price. The Secretary declined, on the ground that
he had no power to purchase without having first
advertised for proposals, in order that the wants of
the Government might be supplied by the lowest
bonaJide bidder in fair competition.
The Secretary had power to procure timber by
open purchase if needed for immediate use. Such
is the plain language of the law. (See Brightly's
Digest, 191, section 7.) And so the lawis under-
stood by the Navy Department, as proved by John
Lenthall, Chief of the Bureau of Construction,
Equipment, and Repairs. About three thousand
feet of Bigler's timber in the Kittery yard, and
probably as much at the Gosport yard, had been
used and paid for by open purchase, being needed
for immediate use; and this circumstance was
urged by Bigler as a reason for the purchase of his
entire stock. But the Secretary did not consider
the exigency of the public service required the
immediate purchase and delivery of a large quan-
tity of live-oak timber. This is obvious for the
reasons:
1. That he refused to purchase, although the
stock of Bigler was offered at the moderate price
of #1 10 per foot; and Swift said that would es-
tablish the price, and he would have to take the
same for his. (See Bigler's testimony.)
2. The unusual clause in the published propo-
sals to bidders, "reserving the right to decline
making any contract for a purchase and delivery
at any navy-yard, if he should then deem it un-
necessary or disadvantageous to the public ser-
vice. "
3. The Secretary instructed Mr. Lenthall, as
he understood, to specify, in the advertisement
for the timber, the earliest time at which it could
be cut and delivered; and he specified the 1st of
February, 1859, as the earliest day practicable.
Of course the Secretary knew it would take sev-
eral months to cut and deliver it.
4. But little of it has been used since the deliv-
ery of it on contract, as hereafter stated. Mr.
Lenthall, Chief of the Bureau of Construction,
Equipment, and Repairs, testifies as follows:
" I think that timber of that description was needed; not
the whole of it; probably we could have done with much
than was called for. But f think it was for the interest
of the service to have got that descuption of timber, and I
thmk we wanted it then.
" Question. At.that time?
" Amxver. Yes, sir ; a portion of it."
They got a portion of it as already noticed.
They must have gotten all or nearly ail then
needed, for it is proved but little of the timber re-
ferred to has been used since it was delivered un-
der the contract. According to the testimony of
B. F. Delano, naval constructor at Brooklyn,
about one fourth of the quantity delivered then,
say six thousand feet, has been used. Samuel T.
Hartt, naval constructor at Gosport, proves that
about three hundred feet have been used at that
yard.
Francis Grier, naval constructor in the Phila-
delphia yard, proves there was a little of it used
on sloop No. ],in the Philadelphia yard, and that 1
some was used on the Griffith ship, but leaves the j
quantity indefinite. He also says if the matter \
had been referred to him he would not, as a mat- 1
ter of official duty, have recommended the pur- j
chase of Swift's timber, and it was not necessary
to purchase it to carry on the business of the yard. |j
Proposals for timber were piepared by Mr. jj
Lenthall, under the directions of the Secretary, ij
When submitted to him, he did not approve of1;
the time fixed for the delivery, which was the 1st |i
of February, 1859, and changed it, making half |i
deliverable on the 1st of September, 1858, (about |j
twenty days after the contracts were completed,) ji
and the remaining half on the 1st of February, j
1859.
Swift and Bigler seemed to have entertained no
doubt they had the contracts within their grasp,
as they had the Umber already in all the yards
except Warrington, and to prevent competition
between them in bidding, Swift agreed, if he got
the contracts, to put chase all of Bigler's timber
at the same rate for which he contracted with the
Government. Swift bid to furnish the timber at
$1 30; Bigler nominally bid at a much higher rate,
in order that the contract might be awarded to
Swift, It turned out there were several other bid-
ders, though they knew it would be impossible for
them to deliver any timber on the 1st of Septem-
ber. They belieyed the Secretary would granf
them an extension of time, and doubtless, under
that belief, bid in good faith. Swift was underbid
for every yard, and the contracts were awarded
to the lowest bidders: Buxton & Lawrence at
Kittery, Charlestown, and Brooklyn; Samuel B.
Grice at Philadelphia and Gosport; and Coates,
Degraw & Beach at Warrington. Buxton &
Lawrence failed to execute their contract'within
ten days allowed them. The other successful bid-
ders executed their contracts as required. Sam-
uel B. Grice delivered only 1,400 feet of timber
at Philadelphia within the time stipulated for the
first delivery. Coates, Degraw & Beach did not
deliver any at Warrington. They, each, applied
to the Secretary for an extension of time, which
he declined to grant; and on or before the 16th of
September the contracts were all annulled, and a
contract made with W. C. N. Swift to supply all
the several yards, at the same rates at which the
contracts were first awarded, rangingfrom #1 09
to $1 17 per cubic foot, and being an average of
P 12.
The usual time allowed contracts for live-oak
is one and two years, because, unlike other tim-
ber, it is rarely kept on hand by lumbermen, and
generally has to be cut near the coasts of the Gulf
of Mexico after the contracts are made; and be-
ing esteemed more valuable when cut between
the 1st of November and 1st of March, one win-
ter season at least is allowed for that purpose.
Having shown the Secretary did not deem this
timber necessary for immediate use, it may be
here remarked that he could not, and did not, un-
der the first contracts, or under that with Swift,
expect half of the timber to be delivered on the
1st of September, or near that time. Every one
knew it was physically impossible to deliver any
portion of it at Warrington (Pensacola) by that
time, or for months afterwards.
None of the contractors for that yard had any
timber there, or near there. Each of them had
to cut it from the forest before he could deliver it.
The yellow fever was prevailing along the Gulf
coasts with great fatality, and no one would have
exposed himself to the danger by cutting timber
during its prevalence. Without this obstacle, it
was impossible to have cut and delivered the tim-
ber by the time specified, or even to have placed
a force in the forests, where it might be cut be-
tween the execution of the first contract and the
1st of September.
It appears that Coates, Degraw & Beach, the
first contractors for the Warnngton yard, were
making reasonable exertions to furnish the tim-
ber. There is no sufficient reason for believing
they would not have furnished it as soon as Swift.
In fact, it appears, he has not even yet complied
with his contract at that yard, and nas delivered
but a small portion of the timber. Beach, of the
firm of Coates, Degraw & Beach, testifies that
they had made arrangements by which they
would have been able to deliver it all by the 1st
of February. And whether that be so or not,
there is nothing shown to justify the belief that
they would not have furnished it as soon as Swift.
The inquiry at once arises, why was their eon- j
tiact annulled, and a new one made with Swift? ,
If it was the desire of ihe Secretary fi om the first- j
to give the contiact to Swift and Bigler, or either I
of them, an answer is furnished. j
It is, however, proper to state, in this connec- j
tion, that the Secretary, m the month of Decern- t
ber last, annulled Swift's contract for the War- |
rington yard on account of his failure to deliver
the timber; but orders have since been given by
the Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks to
the commandant of this yard, to receive timber
offered under the contract since it was annulled.
Some facts appear, touching this matter, to
which it is deemed proper to refer. Swift and
Bigler had previously been reasonably good con-
tractors for live-oak timber, and seem to have had
more favors than other contractors in allowing
their surplus timber to remain in the yards; a
favor which perhaps they deserved. Swift was
an ardent friend of the present Administration,
and had expended his money freely—^more than
$10,000—to aid the election of Mr". Buchanan, it
was known to the Secretary that he had beea lib-
eral, as proved by George Plitt, and it was natural
he should have a kind regard for him.
There is a striking agreementbetween the tim-
ber for which the proposals were advertised and
Swift and Bigler's timber in the yards. This may
have been accidental; and Lenthall testifies that
the description of the timber in the proposals-was
not made by the Secretary, but by himself; he
also says he had in his possession, at the same
time, Swift's letter, and knew what kind of tim-
ber he had, but did not pay any attention to his
timber in drawing up the advertisement.
The first contracts were annulled, and the con-
tract with Swift entered into with remarkable
promptness, the two acts seeming to have been,
performed at one and the same moment.
The strong confidence of Swift, at all times,
as well after the letting as before, that he would
finally get the contract; his prompt declaration
that the contracts of his under bidders would be
annulled and he would take their place; hia
quietly remaining in Washington till after the 1st
of September, and in the mean time writing to
Bigler to assure him that their agreement about
the timber of the latter would be carried out, are
circumstances, the significance of which cannot
be overlooked in this connection.
For what reason was the 1st of September fixed
for the delivery of half the timber? The Secre-
tary knew Swift and Bigler had it then in'all the
yards except Warrington, and no other person
in the country had it. Bigler testifies as follows:
" After I got my contracts filled, I went to the Secretary
of the Navy to get hira to buy my timber upon open pur-
chase. He gave, as a reason for not buying it upoYi open
purchase, that it was against the law to buy timber upon
open puichase except for immediate use. fttr. Swift went
to him on the same score, that he had timber over, which
he wished to sell to the Government. This induced the
Sectetary, I suppose, to make this advertisement to cover
about the amount ot limber that we had. There was no-
body else m the business who could supply the amount and
kinds of Umber called tor, and we did not >uppose there
would be any opposition to us; and when the advertisement
came out, I was very much surprised that it was in that
shape ; for u was in a very bad shape for me, as [ had only
about enough timber to fill out the call for twoof the yards.
Tins was bad for me m this way: for instance, if I put in
bid3 for ail the yards, I might get Pensacola, or Philadel-
phia, where I had no timber; and then I would be obliged
to move it from another yard at great expense and trouble.
This induced me to make the arrangement with Mr. Swift,
to avoid the expense of removing my timber from one yard
to another.
"Question. Did the Secretary intimate that he had any
purpose in preparing this advertisement to cover the timber
of yourself and Mr. Swift?
uAnswer. I understood him that it was his calculation
that it would just about covcr ihe amount.
'-Question. When was that?
"Answer. Dunng the la^t summer.
"Question. Befoie the advertisement came out?
u^nsii-er. Yes, sir.
11 QiteUioji. Who made that statement to you ?
"JJncwer. The Secretary of the Navy himself. He said
h«  did not think he had authority to buy my timber; he did
not wish* to do anything about it but what would be entirely
straight, and he did not feel authorized to make a purchase
of this timber without advertising; and then, if we put in
for it—he knowing that wc were the only persons that had
the timber—at a higher price than they thought was a fair
|iric<i, that he would not take it at any rate; mind you, X
had already offered my timber to the Government."
The same witness further testifies, as follows:
11 Question. Was it not understood between you and Mr.
Svnft, and live-oak dealers generally, that this advertise-
ment was framed for the purpose of preventing competition,
and to enable the Secreuuy to contract directly with Mr.
Swift ?
" Answer. I always understood it so ; that is, not for Mr.
Swift alone, for up to the time when I came here, after the
adverti>einent was out, I thought it was for both of us."
The same witness further testifies, as follows:
c£ Question. There is one statement of yours that F feel it
my duty to question you further about. Is answer to a
question, you have said that you have always understood
that it was. the purpose of the Department, in framing these
specifications in the advertisement, to exclude competition
and to take your and Mr. Swift's timber. Do you say that
it was the object of the Department to prevent other people
fiom coming in and underbidding you, if they could furnish
it at the time at a lower puce ?
i( Answer. If you understood me to say that, I do not
think I understood the question. My explanation now
would be. that the Secretaiy of the Navy knew, and the
chief of the bureau knew, that there was nobody else in all
Ameuca that had the timber, and could put it in at such a
time, but Mr. Swift and myself. There was not any such
umber in the United States that was already got out except
ours. There was nobody else in the business, but Mr. Swift
and myself, who could furnish it. The Secietary knew
