982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
three cents it was still over two million dollars,
and recently it is about two million dollars. I
have looked at it at three different periods four
years apart, and it does not vary $250,000. Your
mail 'lettings have varied from $700,000, before
1845, to $475,000 under the new law; and up to
#665 ,000 when changed back to the old mode,
and are now about $800,000; and nearly all the
last increase has gone to the railroad corporations.
The Post Office Department seems to subsidize
nearly all the railroads in the country. J venture
to say that whoever goes through the various items
composing the increased expenditure will find that
seven eighths of it has gone for railroad corpo-
rations and these great overland jobs. •
Nearly three-fourths of the mail matter which
we carry we scarcely get anything for. We carry
newspapers free of postage for thirty miles, and
there is an allowance of two miles apiece to the
postmaster for delivering each paper; and wc can
carry all newspapers at a very low rate. We do
it to educate the people, and I have no objection
to it. I am in favor of educatmgthem. 1 protest
against putting the whole burden upon the letter-
writers of the country, who now pay ten-fold
what the carrying of their letters costs. I will go
with any man who will point out any proper
mode of retrenching these expenditures, for I am
perfectly satisfied that there can be no well-found-
ed reason for such a vast incieasc. I will go for
lopping off your franking and printing of docu-
ments here; but 1 do not believe in taxing the
business of this country, and in taxing the cor-
respondence of the country, for the purpose of
raising immense amounts of money, to bo squan-
dered in mail contracts. Postage is prepaid, and
the people of the old hive, in the northeast par-
ticularly, which has sent out millions to people
the whole country, are writing to their children,
who are inhabiting distant regions. They pay
postage in their own locality; and that is the
reason why our postage there swells up so much.
It is not on account of the foreign mail service, as
is shown by the fact that our postage receipts in
New England aie about the same they were be-
fore we had this foreign nidi! system. In the New
England States and New York, with $500,000
outlay for carrying the mails, the gross postal re-
ceipts are over two millions; and in those States,
it costs from twenty Ave to forty per cent, to col-
lect this postage. There is a gieat deal less allowed
postmasters, proportionately? on letters than on
newspapers. They have half the newspaper
postage, I believe; and when it is paid in advance,
one half is taken oif, and then I suppose it all goes
to the postmasters. They get two mills for deliv-
ering a newspaper.
I had a great many things to say, but I shall
not detain the Senate. Aly principal object was
to demonstrate to the Senator from Georgia, and
the Senator from Virginia, that with no probable
amount of imports was it practicable to derive
sufficient revenue for the support of this Govern-
ment from the present tariff. I say it is imprac-
ticable for any man to make it approach it.'
There was a great deal said by the Senator from
Georgia about the enormous duties on iion. I
will say a word on that, as it seemed to be the
burden of his complaint and that of the Senator
from North Caiohna. lie said the duty took
about one fourth of the iron, foryou can take the
duty in kind if you beheve there is any fraud; but
1 do not suppose there is any fraud in the entry of
the iron, i should be perfectly satisfied, so far
as I know of any inteiest in this country, it" you
contrive a mode that will prevent fraudulent un-
dervaluations, to take one fourth of the market
value as duty. I believe you cannot raise revenue
enough unless you do ^eta fouith on the dutiable
goods, and if u is likely to be too much, I would
take less than one fourth. All I ask is that the
business of importing shall mure to the benefit
of American merchants; that they shall not be
driven to throw the business into the hands of
foreigners, who come here merely to plunder the
people of this country. 1 believe no one will say
that six dollars on pig iron and twelve dollars on
railroad iron is moie than twenty-five per cent,
upon the market value. The bar iron varies very
much, 1 know, but a duty of fifteen dollars per ton
is not more than twenty-five per cent, upon the
market value here in ordinary times. I see by
,*etar
railroad iron is forty-eight dollars in the market, 1
and twelve dollars is only twenty-five per cent,
on it.
But I am not going into these details. If twelve
dollars is too much, put it lower; but jet us do
something. While the stocks are low, and before
the sudden impulse given to trade shall flood the
country with foreign goods again, and producc
another revulsion, let us fix a revenue standard
that will bring in revenue enough to support the
Government, and try to keep it steady. I do not
want so much as to produce any inflation or ex-
citement. I will not go into the question about
banks, and what caused the revulsion. I merely
say that if you look at the Secretary of the Treas-
ury's report, you will find that for the first thiee
months under this tariff there were $108,000,000
of imports at the foreign valuation, and our ex-
ports were only §43,000,000 exclusive of specie,
which was about fourteen million dollars. There
was a commercial balance against this country
created on that first quarter, of over fifty-four mil-
lion dollars; and everybody who knows anything
about ordering goods from Europe, knows it all
cpmes due in ninety days, and it would take as
much specie as there was in the whole banks of
the country to pay that balance. They stopped
taking State stocks, and there was nothing to
meet it with but coin. In this mode of importa-
tions, your whole monetary system is at the
mercy of foreigners, and always will be, for an
honorable merchant will pay if he has to sacrifice
even his liberty. There is no sacrifice he would
not submit to aslong as he could get money—even
ten per cent, a month; and the only way is by our
power to regulate commerce, through this impost
system; so to regulate it that there shall not be an
adverse foreign balance, ruinous to our interests
as a nation, and to our independence.
3f anybody can devise any other way, I shall
be satisfied. We have s;ot the sub-Treasury, and
all sort of schemes. When there is any redund-
ancy of money m the sub-Treasury, the Secre-
tary goes into market fui fear he will bieak every-
body, and buys the paper of the United States at
sixteen per cunt, premium. In his report last
year he told us how much he had saved by that
operation—$900,000. Thatisn fair way of keep-
ing accounts; but does he tell you how much ho
loses by hiring $20,000,000 for fifteen years. That
will not be paid off for less than $35,000,000.
There is a loss of $15,000,000; that he covers up;
but if he should save ten dollars anywhere, he
would pti*. it in large figures. We have mort-
gaged every man's land and estate m this country
for $35,000,000 to get along this year, and before it
is taken up $35,000,000 will be paid. That every-
body knows. The interest of $20,000,000, for
fifteen years, at five percent., will be $15,000,000;
and there are the bonds our; and if we get them
back shoi t of that, we shall have to pay a premium,
and we shall have to hire more as things are going
on.
Now, rather than make a permanent debt, if
you revise the tariff and get it on a basis that will
insure revenue for the ordinaly expenses of the
Government, I would submittotaxationon teaand
coffee for relief, and give out paper for $>5,000,000,
payable in one, two, and three years, and collcct
$5,000,000 on roe and coffee. 1 do not want any
more debt. I do not believe a national debt is
a national blessing. I am not tenacious about,
how you raise revenue, but I say no states-
man can stand in this country who will permit
us labor to perish rather than alter a tariff to
which he is wedded on account of any notion he
has about free-trade. There is no free-trade in
any of them. There is not a man who hears me
who believes he can collect revenue for this Gov-
ernment by direct taxation. It must be collected
by imposts; and whether collected by specific du-
ties or ad valorem5, the amount must be the same;
and whether it i« #56,000,000, or $60,000,000 de-
pends on what you make the appropriations. I
will go for as low ones as the Government can
fairly get along with; but I will not, for the sake
of embarrassing any Administration, undertake to
cut down and injure the interests of the country.
It is said we propose to keep burdens on the
poor. Is there any scheme here but what means to
collect the revenue in the same way, by imposts?
only you want it so that there can be cheating.
That is all the difference. So many millions as it
takes to carry on this Government,5every.states-
man on this floor intends shall be collected by
imposts. Why, then, go on and say that if you
could have your way you would relieve the taxes
It does not make a- brass farthing's difference
whether you impose twelve doliais a ton on iron
by a per centage or by a specific duty. So much
of the duty as enters into the price to the consumer
must be paid by the consumer. What portion of it
enters into the market price nobody can tell. It
depends altogethemon the question of demand and
supply. If there is a revulsion in England, and
they have a great surplus of any goods° they will
send them here, if they can get what they are
ordinarily worth in Europe. If an article is scarce,
you will have to send for it and pay the market
price there, and all the charges and all the duties.
The only distinction between having specific and
ad valorem duties is thatwhen every thing is high
and the production does not meet the demand
here, you have to pay the highest rates of duty,
on the highest price in the maiket under the ad-
valorem system, and you have to pay it yourself;
but when articles become cheap, and everybody
wants to get to market and send their products
where they can find a market, the foreign consum-
ers have to pay it, and they pay the lowest amount
of duty. When we pay the duty it is the highest
rate, and when they pay it it is the lowest rate,
under the ad valorem system. If it was specific
j we should have a fair chance, and when they
■ wanted to get an article here to find a market, they
| would have to pay as much as wc would have to
pay when we wanted to get it here to supply a
deficiency. This is in our favor, and it should
commend itself to every man.
Now, as to the question of labor. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from North Carolina considered
it was immaterial what the three hundred and
fifty thousand men making iron, and their fami-
lies, would do. He said let them go to something
else; if they cannot get a dollar a day making
iron, let them go to something else. The policy
of grudging to labor a fair reward will do no good
to this country. It will send skillful laborers to
ordinary occupations. Instead of educating your
labor, making it intelligent both in handicraft
skill and mental acquirements, low wages will
dwarf it down.
If you sustain and patronize labor by your own
example, by your commendation, and by your
pnbhc policy, our people will go on rising and
advancing in civilization, until our men of genius
will almost make the marble speak. Other nations
have done so; and we are as capable of it as any
who have lived before us. Cut turn to this other
scheme, as advocated by the Senator from North
Carolina: s^nd laboring men engaged in one pur-
suit to break down the prosperity of those em-
ployed in another; create hostility among all
classes, by teaching them that they are paying
tribute, the one to the other, m the form of duties
upon rival productions from abroad; mtroduceil!
will and hatred, and, with it,a species of vandal-
ism, which shall tear the pictures from your walls,
and overturn yourstatues; and send men likePow-
ers and Allston to <s toat Ughtwvod," and cut boxes
in pine trees to get turpentine, and you will soon
have a nation of men fit only for hewers of wood
and drawers of water. 1 go for elevating labor, and
1 shall always do that. I do not want anything ex-
travagant about it. I do not want to charge any-
body with having sinister purposes; but I say we
should take hold of this subject like statesmen,
make a fair calculation of our ability to import,
and levy duties commensurate with the yearly
expenditures of the Government, fearless of the
clamor of anybody.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I desire to
submit some remaiks on this resolution, lam
not ready to do so this evening. I should hke to
postpone it until to morrow. Unless some gen-
tleman desires to go on now,I move to postpone
this resolution until to-moirow at one o'clock.
Mr. SEIDELL. I understand that one or two
Senators are prepared to address the Senate on
the subject of the bill for the acquisition of Cuba.
It was generally understood that it was to be taken
up after the tariff discussion. We can go on with
it now. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) If the motion of the Senator from
Virginia prevails, that bill will come up as the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SEIDELL. I hope this question will be
put
