984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
memorial the committee have reported, stating
the grounds on which they ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. That involves a
denial of the object which that memorial looks to.
There is no resolution before the Senate to admit
a-nybody to seats. There is no right on the part
of these alleged claimants to be heard befo.re the
Senate, as representatives of the State of Indiana,
to sustain'the memorial of the Legislature of that
State; I know of no such authority. As I said
before, on the principle that the matter has been
decided by the Senate of the United States, on the
same principle that a court of law, whether of the
last resort Or not, would never permit a counsel
to appear before them to impeach, at a subsequent
term, the validity of a judgment which they had
rendered on a question submitted to them should
say the Senate of the United States would not
permit any party to appear here for the purpose
of impeaching TOcir decision made at a previous
session of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York,
to postpone all prior orders, and proceed to the
consideration of the subject indicated by him.
. Mr. SEWARD. I wish barely to state that I
regard It as a question of privilege, involving the
rights and dignities of this body.
- Mr. COLLAMER. This is a question of priv-
ilege; that is,-it is a preliminary question to any
proceeding. What we shall vote for depends
& upon who shall vote. If a question arises as to
who shall be entitled to vote, that is a question
first to be settled, of course, before anything being
done. This being a question of privilege, lying
on the tabie, any member has the right to call it
up, and it is up, without dispensing with the pre-
vious orders. It lies there to be taken up at any
man's suggestion; and this being so, the Senator
from New York calls it up. It will require some
motion, which the Senate have it 111 their power,
of course, to entertain, to get rid of it. It does
not require a motion to get it up. Undoubtedly
the Senate may defer this to another day, or take
with it what order they please after it is called
up; but it docs not require the dispensing with
previous orders to get 11 up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decided that it did not take precedence of the spe- I
cial order of the day. There was no apponi from !
that decision. The question now is upon the mo- |
tion of the Senator from New York, to proceed |
to the consideration of that subject. :
Mr. BAYARD. I would us it th<j Chair what j
is the subject? Is the motion to proceed to the 1
consideration of the memorial of the Legislature l
of Indiana? I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The icport of ;
the committee; which is the suhjcct that I under- i
stand the Senator proposes to take up.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no. objection to that, .
Mr. DIXON. I have paired oil* with the Sen- j
ator from Georgia, Mr. Toombs. :
The question being taken by yeas and nays, !
resulted—yeas 19, nays as fohov/s: i
YKAS—Messrs. Bell, iiiodcnck. Camoro'i. Chnndh-r, '
Clark, Collainoi; Cmtrndon, Donatio, iinth'-e, .
Uarian, Joim^on of'iVimewee, K.nq:, Sewaul. Simmon-*,
Thompson ot Kentucky, Tiumbul),'\Vaue, ;uid Wilson—
N \YS— Messrs. Ailcn, J.ate*, Benjamin, Duller, l'i:jv n, i
Clin^rnaa. Davis, Fit/p.'irick, Houston, llunu'i,
Jones. Mallorv, .Ma-on, Pugh, iieitl, Sebastian, SliichU,
Shdellj and Ward—Co. • I
So the motion was not agieed to. j
Mr. BAYARD. I rise merely ro state why I j
did not vote on the last motion. I should be j
willing, now or at any time, if gentlemen on the i
other side dcs;re to debate this matter, to kt the '
question come up. J am willing also to take a '
vote on the matter to-morrow morning, if they
desire it. I do not think we have time to dnjcuss
it at large. I confess that I do not think the qucs- 1
tjon presented to the Seriate is a debatable ques-
tion,if you confine yourselfto the question, either
m the reportorthecounter-report of the minority.
It can consume hut little time. I presume the
object is to dispose of it. If it be the ol-j.-.-t tp
dispose of it, either in reference to the ri^iif:>of
the alleged claimants, or, as I view it, m ieflrcnce
to the rights of those who have been adjuJ^d
their seats by the Sonata of the United hiatus, 1
am ready to take a vote at any time. I shall call
up the oucsuon to-morrow morning.
Mr. (jRITi'ENDEN. Then I have :i word to
say, and may as well say it now. I confess, Mr. j
President, that my judgment has inclined me to i
regard, and does so still, the former decision of the !
Senate as conclusive. That has been the inch- j
nation of my mind; but yet I am willing to hear I
that question argued by the gentlemen who rep- j
resent the State of Indiana here. I may be wrong. ;
It is a State that applies: that the Senate can never j
forget—one of the sovereign States of this Union i
that asks to be heard upon a question which she j
regards as deeply interesting to her, and affecting j
her representation on this floor. I will he&r her j
so far as my%vote goes, and 1 will decide after-';
wards according to the best of my judgment. I >
say in candor, as I am bound to confess, that the i
inclination of my mind has been strong that the
former decision is conclusive; but I will not be so
self-confident as to say, when a sovereign State
comes here, that I will not hear her plead her 1
cause, and that she cannot possibly change my
opinion. I will not repulse her on that ground.
On this floor she has peculiar rights; and cour- '
tesy, if not right, seems to give her a strong claim :
merely for an audience, on which she thinks you
will decide in her favor. She thinks she is right
undoubtedly. We think we are right. Are we
afraid to hear her? Why not? Is it the time it ,
will consume ? It is only a few hours. i
The State is gratified, goes off satisfied that she i
has had a fair hearing, even though the decision '
may be pgainst her. I think every consideration :
of respect and regard for the States, and for the i
rights of States, ought to prompt us to afford her j
] that privilege. It cannot consume more than a i
j fVw hours to allow her to bn heard; and much
I more time than that often is as unprofitably used
' here as it will be by the presentation of the case
| of the State. I will not refuse to hear her. The
i very reason she wants to be heard is to convince
' yon, and all of us, that she is right; and you re-
' fuse to hear her for the very reason she assigns. ;
i You, Senators, are of a contrary opinion to hei. ,
j She wants to be heard to see if she can convince
i you that she is right. You say no, because wo |
j are sure we are n^hr, and she is wrong. It may
j be so. As I have sa*d, 1 am inclined to think that 1
j the decision is conclusive; but still 1 will hear
j her on that very question. This is what I have ,
j to say. :
1 ACQUISITION OF CUBA. :
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin- :
! ishfd business of yesterday is the bill (>S. No. '
I 497) making appropriation to facilitate the ac- j
| quisitton of the Island of Cuba by negotiation; !
i which is now before the Senate as m Committee i
. of the Whole. I
' Mr.PUGH. Mr. President, the Senator from
1 Vermont, [Mr. Fuot,] who js a member of the
; Committee on Foreign Relations, has notified me
that he desired to offer an amendment to th.s bill,
and to explain it; and I feel bound, as he is a mem-
j ber of the Committee on Foreign Relations, to
| yield to him for that purpose.
| Mr. FOOT. I am quite obliged to the honor-
: a1 Ie Senator from Ohio, for the courtesy he is
] pleased to extend to me, in yielding the lloor to
' me for a short time. Before the general debate
shall have opened on this bill, 1 desire to move a
: slight amendment to it, and to endeavor to enforce
' it by a few remarks. They will be very brief. I
! desire to amend the bill by instating, In the twen-
i ty-seventh line, after the word 44 Spam," the
words, "and by the United States;" so that, if
thus amended, the clause will read as follows:
To ho used by him m the event that the  aui tienty,
when signed in* the authoiizeu auent? \.x tho two Goveiii-
mn.N; and duH i untied hySpani and hy the United States,
fha'.l < all ibi the e.xpeihlaiuo of tn« s<nne. or any part
tufifof ' i
The purpose of the amendment is, and the c fleet 1
of it, if adoo'ed, willlx*, to inhibit the payment
of the moi'f-v appropriated by ihe hill, or any :
part of it, to bpain, until the contract winch may
be made for the purchase of Cuba shall have '
been completed: unul the treaty of purchase shall
have been duly ratified by both Governments;
until the bargain of sale and purchase shall have
been assented to by both parties. This is not j
only the proper and ordinary mode, but it is the ■
only sensible and straight-forward and business-
like mode of proceeding in such cases. No pru- ,
dent or practical man pays, or authorizes the j
payment of, a large sum of money upon a con- ;
tidct in proecss of negotiation, and before it is !
concluded; before'the bargain is agreed to by both
sides. The common and homely old maxim, that
" it takes two to make a bargain," is as applica-
ble to Governments as to individuals; and the
legal rule that it is no bargain until the minds of
both parties meet upon it, applies as forcibly m
'the one case as in the other. It is time enough
to pay when the bargain shall have been fully
closed.
Mr. President, however desirable the acquisi-
tion of Cuba may be, or however desirable it may
be represented to be, under any possible or sup-
posed state of circumstanccs; however honorable
gentlemen may be pleased to magnify the im-
portance of its possession by the United States
upon commercial or political considerations, the
question of its acquisition by fair and honorable
means; the question whether we would have it if
we could have it on just and reasonable terms,
is not presented to us in the bill now before us.
The simple, naked, and only question which this
bill, as it now stands, presents to us, is, whether
Congress will appropriate §30,000,000, from an
exhausted Treasury, and superadd that amount
to an already rapidly accumulating public debt,
in order to enable the President of the United
States to do just what he has now the right and
power t$ do under the Constitution; which is
nothing more nor less than to enter into nego-
tiation with Spain, if she will negotiate at^all
about it, for the purchase of Cuba? In other
words, and more stiictly speaking, perhaps, the
question, and the only question, presented to us
by this bill is, whether you will authorize the
President of the United States, in the event of a
treaty being negotiated for the purchase of Cuba
between the anents of the two Governments, to.
nay over this sum of mon*xy to the Spanish au-
thouties upon the absent of Spain to such treaty,
and before it is submitted to us tor ratification,
and even before the terms and conditions of the
tieaty shall have been made known to our own.
Government? That is the simple question pie-
sented to us in this bill.
The proposition contained in the bill, as it now
stands, is notning more nor less than tins: whether
you will authorize the imm -diato payment of
$30,000,000 to Spam upon her assent to a treaty
for the sale of Cuba to the United States, and be-
fore the terms and conditions of that treaty shall
have been made known to our Government, and
which will, of course, be liable to rejection when
the terms and stipulations of the treaty shall have
been m*de known to our Government, and when
it shall have been submitted to us for ratification
or rejection, notwithstanding the prepayment of
the ^30,000,000. lean see, then, sir, no possible
reason tor the appropriation and prepayment of
this "$30,000,000, unless it be to serve the double
purpose of a bribe to the Spanish authorities to
make a treaty, and of an inducement to the Amer-
can Senate to uttify it.
If the acquisition of Cuba be attainable upon
any terms; if it be attainable at all by negotia-
tion; if Spain, contrary to her most positive and
solemn dec! nation, ciwi be induced to open nego-
tiations, or to leceive prepositions for the alien-
ation of Cuba to the UuttAd States; if, m short,
the President of the Umt"d States shall see fit to
open negoi"i itions with Spam, or attempt to nego-
tiate with Spam, for the purchase of Cuba, let
him do so. That will be all very well. It is
within his constitutional province and preroga-
tive to do so. It does not require the passage of
tliis bill to enable him to do it. It requires no ap-
propriation in advance, and no legislation m ad-
vance, to enabk him to do so. if Spam can, by
any means, bo induct d to part with Cuba, upon
any tei rns or at any price; if the authored ne-
gotiator berween the two Governments shall bo
able to conclude a treaty for the purchase of
Cuba, upon any conditions, let them do so; that
will be all well enough, ^nly h;t us know the
price to be paid. Only let us know the ternvt
and stipulations of the contract. Only let us
have an opportunity to .say whether we approve
or disapprove it, before we hazard the advance
payment of an installment of "330,000,000 to-
wards it. Before we assume the hazard of such
an amount of money, we only ask to know, as
we have a right to know, whether or not we will
agree to the terms of the contract. Before we as-
sume such a risk, we only ask to know, as we
have a right to know, whether or not the Senate
