1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
35th Gong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures,
Ho. op Reps.
ence, and feel persuaded that it is the interest of the Dem-
ocratic party to increase it.
The first district will, I hope, be carried, in any event,
but with that shop at work, full-handed, two weeks prior
to the election, the result would, i think, be placed beyond
all doubt.
With much respect, W. C. PATTERSON.
The President.
[Indorsement.]
September 15, 1858.
The inclosed letter from Colonel Patterson, of Philadel-
phia, is submitted to the attention of the Secretary of the
Navy. J. B.
We think it is very evident that the President
expressed no wish and interfered in no way in
the award of this contract. It was not a case that
called for interference or allowed it. The lowness
of the bid, the unanimous recommendation of the
board, and the high character of the contractors,
very properly and promptly fixed the result.
There was no actual competition and no contest.
The following testimony gives the history of this
letter and the practice of the President in such
esse ^*
« February % 1859.
"Henry M. McGiH called and examined.
" Question. (By Mr. Bocock.) What is your official
.position ?
*' Answer. I am assistant to Mr. Henry, who is Private
Secretary of the President.
" Question. What is your business in that position?
" Answer. Sometimes opening the President's mad, in-
dorsing letter* for Inm, and recoiding commissions. I am
kept in the office for that purpose. .
" Question. Do you know anything of that letter? [show-
ing witness the lettei of W. C. Patterson to the President,
bearing date Philadelphia, September 13,18o8, and which
will be found in the Appendix.]
" Answer. Yes, sir-
" Question. Whose indorsement is that on the back of
the letter?
" Answer. It is mine.
" Question. By whose direction was it made?
" Answer. By the general direction of the President. I
indoise nearly all his letters.
" Question. Was there any special direction in regard to
that letter?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question. I want to know what the custom of the Pres-
ident is when he receives letters referring: to business before
the Executive Departments? Do you indorse them as a gen-
eral thing ?
  Answer. Yes, sir; I indorse, in fact, nearly all the let-
ters thaicome to him. I take them in, in the morning about
nine or ten o'clock. He reads them ovei generally, or leads
the indorsement on them merely, and duects us to refer
them to the Departments, Navy, War, &c , as the case may
he. Sometimes he takes them and marks on the back of
the letter a reference to the Secretaiy. That is the general
practice with all the letteis.
" Question, Is it common for him to make indorsements
on the back of letters, leferring them to the Department to
which they relate?
" Answer. Yes, sir, very common.
" Question. Do you mean to say that it is his custom,
whether he approves the recommendation or not?
" Amwer. Certainly; whether h« approves or not,it is a
custom of Ins. My undei standing was, when he made that
indorsement, that it was meiely to draw the attention of the
Secretary to the fact that there was such a letter existing.
" Question. Do you know anything of that indorsement?
[showing witness'the indorsement on the envelope, signed
'J. B.?]
"Answer. Ye?, sir.
" Question. Who-e handwriting is that?
i: Answer. The President's, sir.
" Question. Is that the geneial form of indorsement for
letters relating to the bead? of the Department*?
" Answer. Sometime^ he u«es one form, and sometimes
another; sometimes it is, ' leferred to the Secretary of the
Interior,' &c.; sometimes it is, 'submitted to the consider-
ation,' and sometime®, 'submitted to the attention' of the
Secretary. He does not confine himself to any one form.
•' Question. From youi knowledge of his habit in this le-
frpect, would you be able to say whether that was a favor-
able or unfavorable indorsement ?
"Answer. No, sir; I take it he did not mean to be under-
stood one way or the other, fiom his general habit; it is the
same formal reference that he makes with the other letters.
" Question. I would like to ask you whether the Presi-
dent, no matter what may be the character of the letter^,
destroys them ; or is it his pi.ictiee to send them to the dif-
ferent Deportments?
"Answer. Yes, sir: he sends every letter to the Depart-
ments, unless it is a silly letter, or a crazy letter. I know,
turtber, that the President has never interfered with the
giving of contracts; I have heard him expiess himself to j
that put pose. Upon one occasion, when a gentleman wrote 1
to get a contract for wood, he directed his Pnvate Secre-
tary, in my presence, to write to the applicant and tell him
his application should be made to the Secretary; that he
never interfered with contracts."
The following statement from the Secretary's
communication^confirms the foregoing:
" The contract given to Messrs. Merrick & Sons, of Phil-
adelphia, in legaidto which a letter from Colonel Patterson
to the President, was by him, in the usual course, without
an intimation of any wish on his part, referred to this De-
partment, was awarded to them on the merits of their plan
and proposals, m accordance with the unanimous opinion
of the board of engineers; their bid being lower than those
ol the other bidders whose plans wei c approved. The Pres-
ident did not in any manner interfere in this case, nor has
he in any other case of contiact since I have been in the
Department."
The party relations of the firm of Merrick &
Sons are given by Mr. Merrick in his testimony:
" Question. What are your party relations?
" Answer. They are not of a very decidcd character, one
way or the other. We have never taken a very prominent
part in politics, and we have studiously kept from influ-
encing our men in any way. I believe that no member of
our firm has ever belonged prominently to the Democratic
party; but that, generally speaking, the sympathies of one
or two of our firm have been upon the other side, f mean
in reference to foimer times. I believe my father was what
was called an old line Whig; but neither my brother or
myself, who constitute the remaining members of the firm,
have ever taken any prominent partm politics. J do not
think my father has over taken any at any time. We have
never endeavored to influence our men in any way, one
way or the other."
The letter was received by mail from Philadel-
phia. No special direction was given in regard
to it, but it was indorsed in the usual form, it
being a custom of the President not to destroy,
but to send all letters to the Department to which
they related, whether he approves them or not
The very fact of sending the letter to the Depart-
ment to be there preserved, and produced and
made public upon any call for information, as it
has been now, is to us satisfactory evidence that
the President did not mean to be considered as at
all interfering in the matter.
Your committee are aware of the very general
practice which has long prevailed of addressing,
by letter and verbally, to the officers of the Gov-
ernment, recommendations based in whole or in
part upon political considerations. The practice
cannot be too strongly condemned, especially so
where it is resorted to with a view to affect the
award of contracts. It was resorted to in two of
the seven cases of contract we are now examin-
ing, but as your committee believe, with no ad-
vantage or success.
We have now gone over the seven contracts for
the machinery of the war sloops, With a brief
reference to one other matter, we will dismiss the
further consideration of this subject.
Daniel B. Martin, a chief engineer of the Uni-
ted -States Navy, was a member of the board
which awarded five of the contracts. He is the
patentee of what is known as the Martin boiler,
and expects and receives a patent fee from those
who use it. We believe his boiler to be a good
one for marine engines, and could it be used as
other boilers without charge, it may be it would
go into very general use. It has been extensively
introduced into the vessels of the Government,
and was included in nearly all the plans offered in
these cases. Martin was not on the board duuns
the contest between Norris and Reaney, Neafie &
Co;, nor was his boiler proposed by either of the
parties. He was not on the second board, theone
which awarded the contract for the Norfolk ship;
he was on the first and objected to Reeder's boiler,
because it was the same which " had been tried in
the Princeton and had proved a failure,'1' but he
did not object to it because it differed from his.
Mr. Reeder afterwards withdrew his bid, but not
for this cause. In the opinion of the committee
he could have had the contract if he had wanted
it. Martin, as we have said, was on the board
which decided upon the other contracts. There
were twelve different bidders upon these contracts,
and, in all, thirty-two bids. Archbold testifies
that all of these bidders but the Atlantic Works,
of Boston, and the Allaire Works, of New York,
included the Martin boiler in their plans. No one
of the engineers, in any single instance, approved
the plans of either the Atlantic or the Allaire
works. The objections are stated in the reports
as follows:
li7hc engines of the Allaire Works.
"Boilers: insufficiency of steam room. Engines: disk
valves in air pumps, or foot and dclucry values, standing
vertically* the gieater quantity of coals benuc stowed over
boilers; declining to conform to the specifications of ic-
quirements of the Depaitment without extia compensa-
tion.
" Objection is concurred in by all the members of the
board. "Atlantic Works, East Boston.
"Method of condensing miangement decidedly objec-
tionable. The plan proposed for sea steamers never having
been successfully applied, the boatd being opposed to try-
ing expeiiments promising so little success on such a large
scale.
"Engines.—Cylinders of too small capacity to develop the
power required, without excessive and objectionable pics-
sUres Of steam.
" Boilers.—Qrntfi surface being' entirety fnadeqaateand
insufficient for the purpose, with'the impracticable^ length
of eight feet bars. . ' ' J i V
"Objections concurred in by all the fnetnbew of the
board." , j
All of those among whom there was'mil com-
petition had the Martin boiler. Engineer Everett
" Question. You have said that it was a eoimn'oty prac-
tice to refer to boilers in alternative hi the bids'; I will ask
you to state whether, in the boards in which you have-saj,
the character of the boiler has been a"chief subject.of ex-
amination ? ■ ' ' '
" Answer. Not a chief subject. " W determining a coH-
tfact I do not now recolleet an instance where the kind of
boiler controlled the determination.
" Questi>n. You do not know an instance where it de-
cided the opinion of the board m making the award?
" •Answer. No, sir; not one."
Others testify to the high standing and good
judgment of Mr. Martin. As already stated, all
the actual competitors, before the Uoard of which
Mr. Martin was a member, presented plans in-
cluding his boiler, and therefore there could have
been no preference on that score. While this is
so, and though the committee have no reason to in-
timate even, that the result would have been differ-
ent if Mr. Martin had not been on the board, they
think it would have been more proper and satis-
factory if another person had been selected. In
conclusion, we would say, it is our opinion that
the Secretary has done well in this matter. With
all the knowledge that we now have, at the end
of this laboriousand protracted investigation, ,we
would not venture or desire to change one of
these contracts. We believe they have been care-
fully, impartially, and stringently made, and with
a view only to carry out, in letter and in spirit
and at the lowest practicable cost, the proyisions
of law which directed the construction of these
vessels.
. In this connection your committee will not omit
to allude to some evidence in this case tending to
involve the Hon. J. Glancy Jones. This is mainly
the testimony of Hon. William H. ICeim, of Penn-
sylvania, in which he says that, as secretary and
treasurer of the Reading Forge Company, in the
year 1854 he made an agreement with Mr. Jones,
then a member of the House of Representatives,
that the latter should obtain contracts for work
for said company on a commission of five per cent.
This alleged contract was never reduced to
writing; no trace of it appears on the books of
the company; the precise terms in which it was
made, so necessary for its proper construction,
are not claimed to be given. Mr. Jones appears
never to have claimed its benefit, nor received
anything in its fulfillment.
Under the circumstances, an explanation from
Mr. Jones was in every way desirable. Every
other person who appeared to be implicated had
that privilege. It is a feature interwoven in all
our system of liberty that no man shall suffer
without the privilege of being heard. As Mr.
Jones was out of the country and could not be
notified in time to make response, your commit-
tee are of opinion, under the circumstances, that
it would be improper to express any opinion upon
this portion ot the testimony.
After this long and searching examination into
the branch of the service under his supervision,
the committee deem it due to themselves to state
the fact that nothing has been proved impeaching
the personal or official integrity of the Secretary
of the Navy.
They propose the following resolutions, asking
leave to teporta bill hereafter:
1. Resolved, That the testimony taken in this investiga-
tion piovo- the existence of glaring abuses m the Brooklyn
navy-yaul, and such as require the interposition of legisla-
tive icfotmj but it is due to justice to declare that these
abuses have been slowly and gradually growing up during
a long course of years, and that no paiticular Administration
should beat the enure blame therefor.
2. Resolved, That it i  disclosed by the testimony m this
ease that the agency for the purchase of anthracite coal for
the use ot the Navy has been for some time past in the
bands of a person vvholh' inefficient and grossly incompe-
tent, and that reform'is needed in the regulations which ex-
ist on that subject; but there is no proot which traces any
knowledge of such inefficiency and incompetency to the
responsible ant lion tips in Washington, nor any which shows
that the need of reform grow?* especially out of any act of
thens ; but, on the cotuiary, it is expressly proved tjiat the
supply of coal for the naval servicc has been purchased,
during this Administration upon terms relatively as lavor-
able as ever heietofore.
3. Re'solvetf, That, while we could never sanction or ap-
