1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
of the United States, by the constitutional major- ;
ity of two thirds, will advise and consent to the I
ratification of the treaty. That is the privilege !
and prerogative of the Senate, in its capacity as
a coordinate branch of the treaty-making power,
without whose sanction all your treaties are null
and of no effect.
In truth, if the bill before us shall become a
law, as it may, by the concurring votes of a bare
majority of the respective Houses of Congress,
and with the approval of the Executive; and if, I
under its provisions, the money appropriated by j
it shall be advanced to Spain, it commits this j
Government, so far forth as the prepayment of!
$30,000,000 can commit it, to a treaty obligation— 'j
to a treaty of bargain and sale which requires the
assent of two thirds of tins body to give it forcc jj
and validity; and I submit that it is, so far forth, jj
irt effect, if not m purpose, a legislative assump- ;!
lion of the proper executive functions of the Sen- i]
ate. The punciple involved m this bill is pre-j!
cisely the same as though it appropriated and
authorized the prepayment of $100,000,000 or ^
of $500,000,000, or whatever amount should be j
equal to the sum stipulated in the treaty to be I
paid, instead of appropriating and authorizing the j
payment of only $30,000',000 as a part of the con- '
sideration stipulated in the treaty. '
The principle is precisely the same, whether, ;
by legislative enactment, you authorize the pay- :
rnent of the whole, or of only a part, of the con- ;
sideration stipulated m the treaty before that treaty !
shall have been duly ratified. In any point, of;
view, the principle, or lather the practice, is an in- '
novation, an unwariantable innovation, the tend- |
ency and effect of which is to undermine one of
the most conservative provisions of the Constitu- j
lion. You may thus, under the guise of legislative !
- authority, not only foim a treaty, but you may |
discharge the obligations? growing out of it, and :
perform all the terms and stipulations which it j
imposes before it is latmed—befoic it is submit- \
ted for ratification—and, consequently, before you ;
can, by any possibility, know whether it will be j
ratified or rejected. You thus necessarily force :
upon the Senate the alternative of accepting a |
treaty which may not c.mmeud itself to the favor ]
of a constitutional majority of the body; or, by !
rejecting it, of throwing upon the Government the j
loss of the money so advanced, whatever may be
the amount, even though it be the entire consid- 1
eratjon of the purchase. I
Nov/, sir, it certainly never could have been 1
contemplated by the fnmers of the Constitution |
that the Senate of the United States, as a coordi- ■
nale branch of the executive department of the '
Government, should be forced to such an alterna- !
live, it never could have been contemplated, that ■
in the exercise of its constitutional executive du-
ties it should be compelled to act under the influ-
ence of such a constraint. I cannot but look upon
this bill, in its principle, its aim and end and etfect,
as an artful evasion of the constitutional privi-
leges and prerogatives of the treaty-making power,
if it be not adnectand unwarrantable infringe-
ment of trhem; and as an attempt to accomplish,
by legislative authority,what the Constitution has
carefully and exclusively confided to the treaty-
making power; and tiius to do indnectly what,
perhaps, you may have reason to appiehend
cannot be "done directly through the pioper con-
stitutional agency. I cannot but look upon this
bill, m its effect and operation, as a dangerous
usurpation—the teim is not too strong a one—of
the proper executive functions of the Senate, and
as an insidious movement to avoid, to get nround,
and to get rid of, the restrictions and limitations
imposed by the treaty-making power and thus
practically to remove one of the stiongest con-
stitutional safeguards of the public security.
But, Mr. Pit-Fidenr, independently of these
and of many other considerations, \vhich_i. do
not propose now to discuss, we meet this bill ap-
propriating $30,000,0011, to facilitate the acquisi-
tion of the Island of Cuba by negotiation, with
the primaiy objection, which is, or ought to be,
controlling and decisive, m the fact, the signifi-
cant fact, that the Island of Cuba is not j or suU—
thatitis not the subject of negotiation. The sole
and exclusive proprietor of that island says so.
Spam has made proclamation to the world, that
Cuba is not for sale, $nd that she will listen to
Ho proposition for its alienation. It is not to
be purchased upon any terms, nor at any price,
short of the price of blood* This is the unani-
mous voice of the Spanish ministry, and of the
Spanish cortes, and all parties in Spain. How
idle is it, then, how far more than idle is it, to be
appropriating the vast sum of $30,000^000 to en-
able us to acquire by negotiation, what we know,
and what the world knows, .cannot be acquired j
in that way ? Spain has already spurned our offer j
of $100,000,00*0 for Cuba. She will spurn it j
again, though your offer be for twice or three 1
times that amount. She regards the very propo- I
sition as an indignity to her honor, or to her ;
pride, or if you please, to her very weakness, '
especially when the very question is accompanied i
with a quad menace, and in a tone of arrogant ;
assumption, or of dictatorial demand, as in the j
last Executive message. i
I will not characterize this proposition by any 1
harsh or offensive terms. I have no disposition j
to do so. It would not become me to do so. It j
would not become the position and the presence j
in which I stand to do so. I do not stand here to '
denounce it us a transparent humbug, or as an j
experimental piece of political chicanery, as I have j
heard and seen it denounced; but 1 do say, sir, ]
that, looking at the present financial condition of
our national Treasury, looking at the prospective
revenues of the Government, and looking at the
present temper and disposition and determination
of Spain, there has not been a period within the !
last forty years more inopportune or more inau- (
spicious,m which to bring forward this proposi- j
tion, than the present time. Your Government i
is deeply m debt, and running more deeply into ;
debt every passing day, while your current annual i
revenues little more than exceed one half your .
currentannual expenditures. If Spain were ready ,
and willing this day to part with the Island of j
Cuba to the United States for $500,000,000, or for j
$300,01)0,000, or even for $100,OOU,000, you have ,
no such sum; you have provided no means or '
measures f&r raising any such sum wherewithal ■
1 to pay for it. The proposition is, m my judgment, j
! not only premature and impracticable, but, in the j
, existing state of things, allow me to say, it is ut- I
j terly preposterous.
i But, sir, I promised to occupy Uut a very few
1 minutes in a few words of remark on the propo-
: sition of amendment which I have offered; and I
! will say no more upon the general subject at this
1 time, but simply to move the amendment I have !
! indicated, I am obliged to the Senator from Ohio i
! for this opportunity of doing so, and of submit- '
i ting these few remarks upon it. j
; Mr. PCJGH. In the character of a substitute j
! for the proposition of the Senator from Vermont, j
I shall oiiei liws amendment, to come in after the !
j word " practicable,'5 in the thirtieth line of the '
; bill, to insert: j
j And no pa\ ment shall be made, under the authority of j
I tin- iicf, < u account of uny treaty w hich may tequire, ill .
dli, more than .$1^0,000,000, ' j
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question i
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver- j
i mom, j
JMr. PUGH. In proceeding to consider the ,
; question whether Cuba ought to be annexed to
i the United Slates, I  m not unmindful of the ear- j
nest declaration made by the Senator from Vtr- 1
ii ginia, [Mr. Mason,] that the enlargement of our j
j domain, for the purpose of enlargement only, is ,
■ an unwise policy, and of dangerous consequence. j
! Whether I should or should not agree with him,
| in this regaid, is immaterial at present; no such
' enlargement has been, or ever was, seriously pi o-
posed. We have in the United States a people en-
i ergetic and ainbilious to the last degree; and our
; you! h will not be restrained from those fields of cit-
1 terprise in which others have failed, but in which
they ai e confident of succes-i. You may enact laws
anil elaborate treaties and deliver maxims and is-
sue proclamations; you may send navies and arm-
ies whithersoever you will; but my word for it,
: Senators, when you undertake to stay the path of
man's conquest over the materfal world—over the
■: wastes of the land or the wastes of the sea—when
1 you undei take to fortify sloth or imbecility or bar-
' j baiism, against the inroads of iiidustiy, com age,
\ and civilization—whether in Cuba, or Mexico, or
I Cential America, or anywhere else—you under-
take a vain and a fruitless task. If our system
;; of government be not adequate for such emer-
| n-encief, if it should evpr be placed 111 antagonism
II to the generation which, with pulses warmer and
quicker than inspire us, with genius more exalted
than we can boast, with zeal too heroic for' our
comprehension, now presses forward to the places
we fill to-day, and soon must drive us from tlie
scenes of action; then, as certainly as the day
pursues the night, will grander and nobler 'sys-
tems of government be inaugurated in its stead.
The wisdom of oar time, the duty to which we
have been called, is to avoid such antagonism,
and to adapt, by well-ordered amendments, not
only our legislation, but our general policy, to the
necessities of our children; that so, after we shall
have forsaken these places, these honors, and
these cares, and gone to Our last repose, the Con-
stitution and the Union in which we now rejoice,
with the splendid organization of States thereby
represented, glorious in the achievements of the
the past and the energies of the present and the
hopes of the future, will remain securely estab-
lished forever.
The boundaries of the'United States have been
extended, Mr. President, 011 four memorable oc-
casions—by the acquisition of Louisiana, of Flor-
ida, of Texas, and of New Mexico and Califor-
nia. But, sii, besides these, every admission-ef
a new State is, and must needs be, an extension
of our system of government. On the 30th of
April, 1789, when our first President entered upon
his first term of administration, the ambassadors
of eleven sovereignties were summoned to the
spectacle; when we followed t|ie Senator from
Virginia, as our presiding officer, to the eastern
access of the Capitol, on the 4th of March, 1857,
we reprpsented thirty-one sovereignties; and since
that time—since we installed Mr. Buchanan in the
presidential chair—Minnesota has been added to
_ the number. We can wisely decidc, therefore,
i on the experience of more than half a century,
1 as to the effect of extending our Federal system.
There is 110 man, probably, within the sound of
my voice, who does not now acknowledge (what-
ever he may have said heretofore) that the fate of
our republican institutions, our independence,
and our prosperity, was involved in the contest
between John Adams aj:d Thomas Jefferson for
the administration of the executive department.
That contest was decided by the votes of States
admitted after the Constitution had been adopted.
Adams triumphed over Jefferson, m December,
179G, by three votes, and Jefferson over Adams,
in December, 1800, by eight votes. But Jefferson
received the votes of Kentucky and Tennessee;
and, upon his second election, in December,
1804, the vote of Ohio. The subsequent triumphs
of Madison and Monroe, candidates of the an-
cient and genuine Republican party, were secured
by the accession to the Union of Louisiana, Indi-
ana, Mississippi, Illinois, Alabama, and Maine—
as the triumph of the Democratic Republican
party, since that time, has been secured by the
accession of other new States. Tne problem of
our destiny,as anation, was solved by the reelec-
tion of James Monroe, in December, 1820. A
country so extensive as the United States, even
at the period of our independence, with interests
so widely diversified, never can bo subject to a con-
solidated government: it requires a Confederacy,
limited to the regulation of those affairs which all
the States have in common, and excluded from
everything else. Herein, at length, was manifest
the wisdom of that Constitution our fathers had
ordained; and slowly above the world's horizon,
above tile clouds and the mists which obscured
1 jts rising, appeared a new constellation; ofstais
! equal and separate iff glory, but of glory also in
' common; various in design, but of kindred influ-
\ ence; alike 111 movement, and therefore in effect;
] a constellation which now enlightens the whole
! western hemisphere, and calls to its adoration the
: hearts of such as love liberty everywhere oil the
habitable earth—I mean, sir,"the constellation
of our imperial republic.
: Let us not be timid, nor too tardy, in pursuing
' the path trodden by the wisest of our predeces-
I sors'. With such boundaries as we hue, at pres-
ent, no mere lust of dominion ought to be en-
couraged or tolerated; but only as the necessities
'■ of our people require, from time to time, should
' the confines of the Union be enlarged. This rule
'j is a safe one; it is one easily observed, as well as
:: defended, because it is the law of our national
,| growth and development. If the acquisition of
,• (iuba be within this rule, as I shall endeavor to
ii show, our duty and our interest alike demand.
