938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
does not aspire, in his heart of hearts, to some
participation in the Government under which he
lives, its powers, its honors, its emoluments, as
well as endeavor to attain the security of his per-
son and possessions. If the people of Quba are
so. well satisfied, why does Spain consume almost
the entire revenue of the island, annually, for the
maintenance of twenty-five thousand soldiers, not
to mention officers of the civil list, spies, detect-
ives, and the hke ? It is a larger army than we
* require for the defense of our vast boundaries and
the subjugation of all ourlndian tribes.
There is no argument for union between Cuba
and Spain except community of blood. That did
not prove sufficient in Mexico, nor in Central or
South America; it did not rest-ram our colonial
ancestors, although of English descent, when the
time for revolution arrived.
Cuba could not, if she would, maintain her ex-
istence as an independent nation. Texas tried
that for eight or nine years, and failed. In every
respect, therefore, the proximity and natural re-
lations of Cuba are such as to demand, for her
sake and our own, that she should be annexed to
the United States.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
asserts that for us to acquire Cuba, even by
means of purchase, would be an act of gross in-
justice toward Spain; which argument he founded
on certain historical suggestions. He said:
" I am not skilled in the diplomatic history of this ^rnn-
trv, bur I think it will be found to be a fact that tfpam, our
earliest all v, has maintained her tr^atv stipulations of peace,
amity, good will, and friendship with us, trom the tune wh<m,
in 177S, slio extended to us the light hand of friend&lnp,
when we were struggling for a name and a place in the
familv of nations.. Then," in our feebleness in our infancy,
in our poverty, nay, in our very destitution, when we had 1
neither a name to live, not an aim to defend otu.-el ve-, w uh,
she came to our aid ; she lent us money and men and -ships, :
and she lenc'eied u>: service when u was needed ; and fiom
that day to this. 8pain has maintained, m unbtokc n .-nece^
' sion, liie position and the relation of an ally and a ftidini.
That Spain had either money, or men, or ships
to lend any one, in 1778, is a fact rather difficult
to be established; certain it is that she lent us
none, nor did she ever assist us in any manner.
Our first treaty with her was on the 27th of
October, 1795, long after we had achirvrd inde- ■
pendencc, and even established our pi^scnt form !
of Government, toward the clos-e of Washing- !
ton's second term. It was note Ueaty of alliance, !
but for the settlement of noundaiies between her
colonics and us, and to define aecuiatelv our right [
to navigate the Mississippi uver. (Staiuies at I
Large, vol. 3, p. 138.) Its tvventy-lir^t ai tide was !
for indemnification of outrages whi'-h she had I
committed on our citizens. Since that time, so '
far as my research extends, our i elat ions with her
always have been of the mo&tunsatisfacn.ry char- j
acter. Omitting the controversies m regard to 1
Louisiana, until the cession of that colony to !
France, and afterwards to us, 1 come to the case j
of the Flondas, in February, I80f), whon a prop- |
osition of'punchaso, similar to this, was nude by j
Congress. Oil" the 15th of January, 1811, as I ■
have shown, Congress authorised the iYpsideii t to i
take possession of East Florida; and on the 33th of 1
Febiuaiy, 1813,to take possession of West Fior- ;
ida. On the &M-of February, 1819, those two !
colonies weio ceded to us by treaty; and yet, so
conspicuous was the bad faith of Spam/tbe ex- !
change of ratifications did notoccur, was d<'byed, '
in fact, by one frivolous pretext after another, for '
almost or quite two years. Pre.Mdent Monroe 'was
provoked to the last degree, and in his annual ;
menage of December, 1«I9, recommended that
Congress should authorize inui to take possession I
of the o,ided ten ltory as though the treaty had
been ratified. These facts arc well narraud by '
Mr. T-jjiaktu, of North Carolina, m the report of ,
the Hons-" Committee on Foreign Airau^. He ■
has truly depleted, also, the character of our rela-
tions with Spain for the last ton or twelve years. !
'•Nothing can bo more i.-nraiing to an independent and ■
• f-puued nauon, oi bettei c.i'ci'lated ro {vecipitate collisions, ,
tnan to havo ~u< h and d< liuif iinm •«[. a-oui n'O^t 1
impoi rant coa^tu iso mtccoui -e ((imT'lli d topi-,- almost
Wtnifi hail of)oi<jijin h rtijicaticj^, aim f- in • tin- g.mntlet !
or alien fleet:--. Hence, our idar.on- 5', ;;is ate ^on-
siantiv "1 'i Mjpn iio-tih characf't. an:! om Minister at i
Madrid can do httie el>e than \\ j an wah the Govci it meet i
to winch he i^ aecieditcd atiour hi^h-haiuii d u-it-aje^ and ;
pettv sii'-vaiice- indicted upon om citizens. \\ !m;-, Spanish '
offieiiij^ hi Cuba cue mined with lu-l pov/oi to nULet but !
none to redress.*' |
The Senator from New York [Mr. Sfward] j
declares-that a proposition to Spam for the ccs- <\
sion of Cuba, will be a grave insult, and one
which she must and will resent. He adduces,
in proof, the report of certain very high-toned
speeches of the SpanishMinisterand others, lately
delivered in the Cortes, at Madrid. How such
a proposition, expressed in polite language, can
be construed^as an insult or indignity, altogether
exceeds my comprehension. It is easy for him
who seeks an insult, at any time, to be insulted;
otherwise, the Spanish Minister has rendered
himself quite ridiculous. An insult to propose
that Spain should cede to us, for money or any
other consideration, a colony as remote from her,
and as near to our boundaries, as the Island of
Cuba! It was not an insult, nor received as such,
eleven years ago, in Mr. Polk's time. Really,
sir, Spain would seem to have learned a new point
of honor since February 22, 1819, when she lis-
tened to such a proposition in regard to Florida,
and even accepted it—thus pocketing the insult
and the money together. Did Napoleon Bona-
parte understand when he was insulted? If so,
hear what Mr. Jefferson said to him:
" I should suppose that all these considerations might, in
some pioper form, be brought into \iew of the Government
of Fiance. Though stated by us, it ought not to give of-
fense; because we" do not bring them foi ward as a menace,
but consequence?? not controllable by u«, but inevitable
trom the couise of things. We mention them, not a« things
which we desire, by any means, but as things we deprecate ;
and we beseech a friend to look forward and to prevent
them for our common interests.>>
Bonaparte discovered no insult in this, and felt
no dishonor in ceding to us, for money, the whole
province of Louisiana. Surely, sir, the terms of
intercourse between him and us, half a century
ago, when he was at the zenith of power and
splendor and we were struggling with infantile
helplessness, are good enough for us to adopt, in
present circumstances, toward the Spanish Min-
ister or the minister of any other nation. If such
terms be construed into an offense, and especially
where offense has been disclaimed, let those who
would be prouder than Napoleon, whether Span-
iards or others, show us whereon their pride is
founded.
We aro admonished, also, that Great Britain
and France will not suffer us to acquire the Island
of Cuba. Said the Senator from New York:
ileretofoie, Spam ha< held the I-Iand of Cuba in the
ni'd-:tof conflicts between the two great Poweis ot western
Europ."-. Ungland and Fiance, liable to io^e it to one or the
other belligerent at any moment. To-day, Cngl.ind and
Trance are not only allies, but they are united in the policy
of maintaining Spain m the enjoyment of the Islands of
Cuba and I'orto Rico, the last remnants oi her once world-
wide empire
\Voll, sir, Great Britain and France have no
legitimate concern with the question; their busi-
ness lies chiefly on the other side of the Atlantic;
and, unless they are anxious for a controversy
with us, they will abstain from all interference. If
there be one maxim to which our national honor is i
pledged; a maxim delivered to us, time and again, j
by the oracles of revolutionary wisdom; it is that !
the European system of dictation by sovereigns j
to each other, shall never be extended to this Con- j
tincnt. Whenever we yield that, under any men- .
ace or apprehension, thu day of our greatness j
will decline; we shall have become so far corrupted j
by wi alth, so indolent and effete, that out liberties :
a -e at the mercy of him who will s< ize them, and
our Republic will soon pass into fiistory forever, i
T\vet.iy-fire yenrs^ago, on the 2d of December, ,
18&3, Pivsidcnt Monroe addressed Congress m \
those menioiabie words: |
The poliii'-al -y^tcm of the allied Towers is p^rnti-illy
different, in ibi- re-pect. fiom that of Amenea. This dif-
feieric: ptoeeu^ tiom tnat winch exists m their re-pective '
Govei .wient-s And to the defense of om own. vuneh lia  !
b"C! aehi'jv 'd by the lo^.s oi so much b.'oud and trea<uie,
and irutered by the wi-dom of their mo?t enlightened cm-
and under wnich wc have enjoved unexampled te- 1
hc'?\'. this whole nation is devoted lV*e owe ;t. therefore, 1
to eandoi, and to the amicable relation^ exi.-.nn'i between
ti-e (."inied Stetes ami tnosc Powei-. to declare that vie
>i.ouId con^idf'i any atf-inpi. on their p,u t, to < \;end then '
nnv portion ot this hemi^pheio, ;is dansreiou-; to
otii-peace and ■-<i'ct>" ;
Thpse wordf, uttered in the time of our com- !-
paiative feebleness, with no such elements of
prosperity as now fill our Raze oil every side, suf- '
ficed to deliver Mexico and Central and South ,
America^from the dominion of a European alii- ;
ancc. Wili their emphatic repetition to-day dc- t
iivor Central America and Mcxico and Cuba from j
the dominion of a European alliance which now '
threatens them? Alas! si:, I know not; but I :
j do know that, accordingly as President Buchanan
! shall enforce at every hazard, or shall shrink
! from, the doctrines proclaimed by iMr. Monroe,
i in December, ]823,so will his Administration be
! one of the most glorious, or the meanest, in all
the annals of our empire.
It is quite probable that Great Britain and
Fiance will resist, even to the uttermost, our en-
deavors to acquire Cuba, or to extend our bound-
aries in any direction. When I speak of France,
however, I speak not of our ally in the ancient
and famous time. .That France no longer exists^
her pride and her liberties were betrayed, to-
gether, in the very house of confidence; while the
France of which I now speak—the France of
Louis Napoleon—like a petty German State, sub-
sidized for the occasion, merely executes the
designs and contributes to the grandeur of that
monarchy which, from the earliest period, hns
attempted, but never before accomplished, her en-
tire humiliation. With Great Britain, sir, and
j Great Britain foitined by the addition of French
valor and arms, wc must henceforth contend—a
■ contest not only for predominance over this con-
! tinent, but for predominance and fame through-
• out the world and for ages to come. The elements
, of an issue so fearful (and fearful, indeed, it is)
; have'been gathering, silently and surely, ever
since the flag of our Republic was carried in tri-
r umph to the capital of Mexico; and whatever the
; arts of diplomacy, or how earnestly soever we
5 consult that wisdom which closes its eyes to an
unpleasant consequence, the issue cannot be
avoided, nor much longer postponed.
Of course, Mr. President, this declaration of
my opinions will be received here, and perhaps
elspwheie, as something altogether absurd. I
! have been a Senator of the United States long
. enough, at least, to comprehend the length and
. breadth and—not depth, but shallowness, of our
present system of foreign relations. I know that
; my opinions are heterodox accoiding to such a
i standard; but, whatever the ridicule,"or the dig-
I nifird scorn, or the self-complacent rebuke—all
j winch I encountered in the Senate, two years a£0,
I when speaking on-the same subject—I abate
; neither jot nor tittle of what I have said.
1 It is about eleven years smcc Great Britain com-
! menred her present intrigues, encroachments, and
; usurpationsin Central America. Seein^the United
; States on the point of acquiring: California, and,
i thereby, a predominance over the isthmian routes
of Mexico, Nicaragua,'and New GrnnaTJa, she
; determined to interpose, by mere violence, against
■ the consummation of a destiny so natural and ap-
! propriate. For this puipose, having already en-
j Urged a right, by treaty with Spam, to cut" log-
| wood on the coast of the Belize, in Guatemala,
| to a claim of* territorial authority, she next m-
, vented or revived the tradition of some protector-
ate over three or four hundred savages, partly of
s Indian and partly of African blond, calling them-
; selves the Mosquito tribe, and infesting the shores
| of Nicaragua toward the Caribbean Sc.a. It was
, not merely an absurd pretext; it was m flagrant.
; defiance of the Ci right of discovery5* in virtue of
| which, alone, Great jjritain, as well as France and
| Spam, first asserted dominion over the American
■ continent, and established a rule of intercourse for
, the abongmes and their several colonists. And
I yet, under such pretext, m January, 1848, did
. Great Dritam seize the mouth of the San Juan
■ river, substitute the name of (jrreytown for that
, of an ancient Spanish settlement, and usurp con-
! trol of the Nicaraguan coast from the boundaries
: of Costa Rica to those of Honduras.
Nicaragua resented such usurpation,and prop-
erly called on the United States to maintain the
doctrine announced by President Monroe in De-
cember, JS23, when the Holy Alliance of Europe
made a similar attemot. It was on ei a of singular
blind ness on our part; we had no John CXumcy
Adams m the Department of State, no Henry
Clay, or Daniel Webster, m tV youthful solen-
dor of his genius, to command the House of
Representatives. With a view to enlist us m her
defense, Nicaragua proposed , and actually con-
cluded, o treaty with our Minister. (Mr. Plise,)
whereby an exclusive right of transit across her
territories, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, was
accorded to us. That treaty was not even submit-
ted to thn Senate for ruf'ficai"m; but, instead, the
Sccri t a/y of .State (Mr. Clayton") commenced ne-
gotiation with thu British Minister here, upon
