940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 10,
amount for which the President may stipulate;
or rather, a provision that no payment shall be
made in advance of ratification by both parties,
unless the whole amount stipulated be within a
certain maximum. 1 would specifyas such max-
imum #130,00.0,000, or, at furthest, $150,000,000-
Tbe Senator from New York objects to ^he ac
quisition of Cuba, politically, because that island
is now inhabited, and by a people, as he says,
" different entirely from the citizens of the United
States; different m language, different in race,dif-
ferent m habits, different in manners, different
in customs, and radically different in religion."
What the Senator means by a difference in race,
1 do not comprehend The descendants of the
Spaniard," in America, are like the rest of us; they
came of our stock, and are admitted, every day,
under our laws of naturalization, to the rights and
privileges of native-born citizens. All the nations
of Europe had a common origin; and the Cau-
casian race, notwithstanding its diversities of lan-
guage, habits, manners, customs, and religion,
is, at last, the same. Its unity.is innate, and its
diversity an affair of accident or circumstance;
but when the Senator from New York, and his
associates, endeavor to blend the African with the
Caucasian, upon terms of social or political equal-
ity, then, to be sure, do confusion and degrada-
tion threaten us. There is no more diversity of
race between the people of the United States and
the people of Cuba, nor any more diversity of lan-
guage, or habit?, or manners, or customs, or reli-
gion, than the Senator may behold to-day in the
great city which he represents. The people of
Cuba are such as Louisiana, and Florida, and
Texas, and New Mexico, and California, con-
tained at their respective periods of annexation;
and, so far from the least difficulty, has not the
genius of our Federal system -i>een admirably
proved and illustrated in each instance?
But the Senator desires to be told '* what insti-
tutions - of justice, of fieedom, of religion, and
public worship," will obtain in thelsland ofCuba
after it shall have been annexed to the United
States. I answer, once for all, such " institu-
tions," exactly, consistent with the Constitution
of the United States, as the people of Cuba wi-di;
they shall be, so far as I am concerned, upon an
equal footing with the people of other States.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
announced to us yesterday, as the piogramme of
the modem and self-styled Republican party,
that the tropical zone of this continent should be
for the negro, and only its temperate zone for the
white man. 1 am really obliged to the Senator
forso honestaprocilamation; having always been
convinced that the party of his attachment, upon
winch he has lavished as many affectionate ca-
resses ard epithets as Sancho Panzo could have
suggested, intends that Cuba, and Mexico, and
Central America, and, if possible, our own south-
cri/States, shall be reduced to the misei able con- ;
dition of Hayti and Jamaica. Rut, sir, I admon- j
ish the Senator that his colored filends will not |
be able to retain the empite which he so gener- !
ously, and without any ccet to himself, would
thus give them. In Jamaica, it appears, they |
are becoming extinct from sheer indolence; while J
in Hayti, of the last advices, the Emperor Sou- !
louque was running to, or from, very urgent busi-
ness. *
There is a decisive objection, beside this, to the ;
Senator's magnificent f-heme, an objection which ■
even Commodore Paulding cannot aesist him to
remove, it is, that the Atlantic shores of our ,
continent have been found so much colder than j
FuiO';f, or Asia, or Africa, between the same ,
parallels. We are now assembled, ut Washing- ,
ton city, almost in the latitude of Lisbon and ■
Palermo and Corinth and Athp-ss and the classic ;
fields of Asia Minor, but the climate heieis colder
by several degrees. Indeed, sir, no nation of,
less energy than our own, or the nation whence 1
most of us derive our lineage, could have so long 1
maintained the aits of civilization m .-such loclem- j
cnt regions us Canadi, and the northern Ijnlish
provinces. "That achievement, alone, cmules the j
Anglo-Saxon blood tc%umvcis,J adrogation. Dot-s \
the Senator mm"me, then, that h^ can devote 1
seas and shores, in Aoieiica, as mild and buauti- !
fulas the ancient Mediten anean and th^ gardens 1
which surround it, to the exclusive dominion of j
negroes; driving the white man to struggle, for- '
ever, with the ice-bound streams, the pathless  
snow-drifts, or any of the barriers with which
winter would encompass and chill our enterprise?
The Senator from New Hampshire complains
that our acquisitions tend southward and west-
ward, but never toward the Arctic climes. I am
not aware of any instance in which the United
States declined territory North or East of our
present possessions. The Senator complained,
especially, that the Ashburton treaty of 1842,
alienated a portion of the State of Maine; but I
never heard a complaint from Maine upon the
subject, nor from any of her citizens. They con-
sented to it, and, I believe, on very ample con-
sideration. They did not even pause to argue
whether they had or had not been insulted. That
treaty was negotiated by Daniel Webster; and the
opposition to its ratification, by the Senate, was
altogether from the Democratic party. And so in
respect to the treaty which established our north-
western boundary upon the forty-ninth degree of
latitude. I cannot tell whether the Senator him-
self voted for or against the ratification of that;
but he knows that all the negative votes (unless,
perchance, his own) were cast by Democratic
Senators.
Canada has never been restrained from annex-
ation by us, but by the wise concessions, time
and again, of the Butish Government. The con-
trast of her case and the case of Cuba, is very
remarkable; the one enjoying a right of local legis-
lation, and an Executive dependent on the Legis-
lature for existence; while the other is subject to
the arbitrary decrees of a Captain General, ap-
pointed by the Court at Madrid, and maintained
in power by an army of twenty-five thousand
men. Canada has likewise enjoyed, of late years,
the advantage of reciprocal free trade with the
United States; while Cuba, as I have shown, is
deprived of all the advantages of her position, and
devoted entirely to Spanish exaction or conveni-
ence. -Whether the concessions of Great Britain
will, or will not, be sufficient, hereafter, to retain
the affections of the Canadian people, is a ques:
tion too remote for me to consider; but, as soon
as they shall ask admission into our Union, or
fall under oppression like that of Cuba, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will find himself out-
stripped in zeal by those who represent the Dem-
ocratic party- here.
Several Senators on the other side, and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] among
them, announce great anxiety for the acquisition
of Cuba, but object, most vehemently, to the
means now proposed. 1 have already expressed
a serious doubt whether the means will protfe suf-
ficient; but certainly, sir, they arc such means,
and none other, as did suffice in the case of every
acquisition (except Texas) heretofore made.
Why should those who profess a desire for the
annexation of Cuba, on either side of the Senate,
scruple at an experiment, (if such you call it,)
which has always proved successful? 1 can im-
agine but one reason—that reason which, from
the days of Louisiana to the present hour, has en-
abled the Democratic party to recover from any
mistake, or defeat, or disaster—I mean, sir, the
bhndnessof opposition. It is my deliberate opin-
ion that the people of the United States are, al-
most unanimously, in favor of the acquisition of
Cuba; ami that potty which, for the sake of any
supposed advantage, nearly at hand, shall post-
pone so vast a question, or cavil at mere partic-
ular, or attempt the disguise of collateral argu-
ments and pretenses, will effectually seal its own
destruction.
Mr. President, the expansion of our Federal
system, as one emergency after another shall re-
quires the law of our development: it is the sign
of our national vitality; the pledge of our national
endurance. This proud sentiment, although im-
perfectly revealed, and perhaps never expressed,
animates the heart of the humblest pioneer now ,
braving the wtath of the savage or the hardships
os the wilderness on our westernmost bolder; it'
is a theme of glory to boyhood, to youth tread- ''
mg the paths of temptation, to men m every pur- 1
suit—the capitalist and the laborer, the merchant, ,
the artisan, the,scholar, the soldier, the sailor —
to all who reverence their country and their coun-
try's renown. Indeed, sir, I can imagine no spec- ';
tacle move grateful to an American citizen, at ij
ho^e or abroad, than the contemplation of that h
splendid procession across our continent within :!
the last sixty years. Commencing with feeble!,
settlements on the bays, inlets, and tributaries of
the Atlantic ocean; thence to the summits deemed
almostimpassablc, and beyond these, to the banks
of a river extending from the Gulf of Mexico
northward to the region of the lakes, and swollen
at every degree by'the floods gathered as well in
the Alleghanies as in the Rocky Mountains—
itself, therefore, a complete emblem of UNION to
all—thence, ovet prairies of marvcIous"ma®nifi-
cence, to the fastness and the desert; tui ning from
which, at length, to seel? more hospitable and
shorter paths, by the Isthmus, wo have carried
our name, our watchwords, and our ensign, to the
Golden Gate, where California, with her snow-
capped diadem, sits virgin empress of the seas
Mayitbe,sir,thatwhenoursons have searched
the uttermost corners of the earth, and overcome
every other obstacle, their virtue and love of lib-
erty and devotion to the example of our great
fathers, will not require them to despise us, alto-
gether, as men unworthy of the fortunes to which
we were called!
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, this bill be-
fore the Senate 
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator give way for
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am very desirous that
this discussion should go on. If it is to go on in
the morning, I will give way to a motion to ad-
journ. If not, I will go on now.
Mr. BIGLER. I will act on the pleasure of the
Senator.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing to
adjourn now, if I can be permitted to go on in the
morning.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow r$e to intervene, I will bring the matter to
I an endatoncc by moving that the Senate adjourn.
I do not think there are enough of u-s here to in-
; augurate any agreement about business.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill under
! consideration will come up as the unfinished busi-
; ness to-morrow.  
: Mr. DAVIS. To-morrow is private bill day.
1 Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
■ journ.
- Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the motion, with
; that understanding.
Mr. DAVIS. To-morrow is private bill day,
1 and we shall have a struggle for priority,
i Mt> SEWARD. That is so; but we cannot
; settle anything to-night.
The motion of Mr. Sewajid was agreed to; and
i the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 10, 1859.
The House met-at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. IIickman,
Harris, and Hatch, managers of the conference
on the part of the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill for the ben-
efit of the captors of the British brig Caledonia,
in the war of 1812.
CORRECTIONS.
Mr. HA.RR.IS. I desire to correct an error
which I find m the report in the Globe of yester-
day's proceedings, in connection with the court-
house m Baltimore. I find that I did not hear
correctly my friend from Missouri [Air. Phelps]
in what he said with reference to the title of the
Masonic Temple in Baltimore, which he stated
the Attorney General had considered imperfect.
I understood him to refer to the Church prop-
erty, with the title of which 1 am conversant, and
my remarks apply, therefore, to that property.
With the title of the Masonic Temple I do not
happen to be familiar.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I find that
one of the evening papers of yesteiday places me
in a false position in regard to a motion which I
made yesterday. I moved to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Air. Harris,]
so as to strike out the instructions to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I am reported as
making the motion while the amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Curry] was pending, which pro-
posed to instruct the committee to report a bill
repealing all the laws on the subject of building
custom-houses and marine hospitals that are not
