APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
[February 24,
35th, C ong .... 2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts, and. Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
Srfiall sloop, Jp.ensacola, {direct-action en°mes}) loQ-liorse
power.
e,eancv,iNeafie & Co.,Philadelphia $153,000
Ja«i€s'MHiphy,&. Co.,New York   ' 127.000
Morgan-lh>n tVorks^ New York*....'  120,000
West JN/int Foundery.Wew York«        118,000
Woodruff & Beach. Hartford  ....  118,000
Locomotive tVork?. Boston ., 115.000
Murray &. Hazelhurst, Baltimore!    100,000
At this stage of the proceedings, before the Sec-
retary had passed upoii any of tiie bids, the fol-
lowing tetter was sent by Colonel W. C. Patter-
son, of Philadelphia, to.the President:
Philadelphia, September 13. 1858.
Dear Sir : T venture to >*ugge.<t to vou the importance of
awarding the contracts tor the machineiy of the sloop, now
but Wing at the navy-yard at this time, and if it can Tip done
•without prejudice to the public service, to Merrick & Sons.
Thoirs is tin: only establishment m the fust district which
employs a large number of mechanic?; at this time, throe
hundred and ninety y when in full work, four hundred and
fillv.
The managing partner* (Mr M., s=r . being absent in bad
health,) are full of energy, suainin? eveiy nerve, to keep
their force dining this depiction, and. in so far as I know,
the only old VVnijrs of any influence m that district, who are
in favor of the reelection of Colonel Florence.
i know,.from former experience, the value of that influ-
ence, and lee! persuaded that u is the interest of the Dem-
ocratic party to increase it.
The distuct will, I hope, be carried in anv event, but with
that "Shop at woik, full handed, two week-* prior to the elec-
tion. the ie«ult wouldx i think, be placed bevond all doubt.
\Vuh much respect, VV. C. PATTERSON.
The P.rcsident.
This letter was sent to the Secretary of the
Navy by the President with this indorsement:
' * , September 15, 1658.
The enclosed letter from Colonel Patteison, ot Philadel-
phia, is submitted to the attention of the Seeietaivof the
Navy. - 'J B.
. The undersigned regard this as a seriou's of-
fense. -It is the duty of the SecreCary to determ-
ine which of the bidders was the " lowest respons-
ible bidder," and to award to him the contract.
It is a judicial act. * The rights of parties under
the law, and the rights of the Government, were
involved in the award. Any suggestions of fact
or motive, except those which would enable the
Secretary to adjudge which of the competing bid-
ders was the lowest responsible one, was im-
proper. The Secretary was the subordinate of
the President, holding office at his pleasure, nat-
urally controlled by his will; and by law he is
frequently required to award and adjudge without
regard to. the President.—-(Decatur i><?. Paulding,
14 Pet.-, 515; 6 How., 101-2 ) Under these cir-
cumstances the President suggested to the Secre-
tary, and in writing called his attention to the
importance of awarding one of the contracts for
machinery to Meniclc & Sons, in order to secure
the potent political influence of that firm m favor
of.the reelection of Colonel Florence, and thus
place the result of the election in his district be-
yond doubt, and generally to increase the influ-
ence of that firm, that it might be exercised in
favor of the Democratic party.
If the President had suggested to a judge of the
United States courts that he render a judgment in
favor of one of the parties litigant in a cause pend-
ing before him, because that judgment would aid
in the election of a party favorite, or would con-
tribute to the success of the Democratic party,
the general voice of the people would demand his
impeachment. Is it a less serious offense when
this suggestion is made by the President to the
Secretary of the Navy? The judge is beyond the
power of the President; the Secretary-is within
his power. Each is required to perform judical
functions. The suggestion by the President of
corrupt motives to either is equally dangerous,
and is more likely to succeed with an officer
whose tenure of office is the will of the President.
The terms of the note of the President could
not be misunderstood by a subordinate. No one
can read the letter and note without a conviction
that the inducement in the letter was regarded by
the President as a proper one to be submitted and
to require the attention of the Secretary. Thus
indorsed, the corrupt motives suggested would
decide the award without regard to cost, unless
the Secretary evinced a higher sense of public
duty than his superior.
Should it be said that the letter did not influ-
ence the award, the reply is, that the offense is in
* Accepted bid.
t lowest bid.
submitting a corrupt motive to the consideration
of the Secretary. But the award was made to
Merrick&Sons. How far jt influenced the award
can .only be inferred from the proceedings in the
case,
Oq the 25th of September, 1858, the Secretary
appointed an advisory .board of engineers to ex-
amine the proposals, anil, each member of the
board was required to report which proposal; in
his opinion, should be accepted. The board was
composed of Samuel Archbold, engineer-in-chief
of the United States Navy; W. W. W. Wood,
Henry Hunt, and Daniel B. Martin, chief engi-
neers. Martin was the patentee of Martin's ver-
tical tubular boiler, and previous to the proposals,
had made arrangements with some of the bidders
that he was to receive a specific sum, varying in
amount from $750 to $1,000, for the privilege of
using his boiler. There was nothing in the spe-
cifications advising bidders that the adoption of
Martin's boilers was a requisite to success. It
was not generally adopted, except in Government
vessels. The horizontal tubular boiler was gen-
erally used in marine engines. The drawings ex-
hibited the details of the machinery, and the board
of engineers w.ould necessarily know whether
Martin's boiler was included in the bid. Merrick
& Sons specified Martin's patent in their propo-
sals, although they did not use it in other marine
vessels. One of the firm testified that one motive
for including that boiler was, they had supposed
that they would, perhaps, be more likely to suc-
ceed in their proposals if they adopted that form
of boiler, 'Ihey, therefore, previously agreed
upon a stipulated price with Martin for the use of
his boiler, and embodied it in their plans. The
specifications required that—
" The offers must be for a specific sum for putting the
whole in uccessful operation ; must include all patent fees ;
and the Department will require a release from the pro-
prietors ot any patented article or airangements used in or
about the maehmeiy," &c.
This would necessarily involve a previous agree-
ment of Martin with those parties who included
his boiler in their plans, and would make him
directly interested to the extent of his patent right,
in accepting the bids of those who would pay him
for its use, and rejecting those who preferred
another boiler.
It is clear this was known to the Secretary. It
had been the subject of complaint previously.
Martin had placed on the record a release to the
Government for the right to use his boiler on Gov-
ernment vessels while he remained engineer-in-
chiefof the United States, but he was removed in
1857 because of his interest in patents. Martin
testifies that he told the Secretary of his interest,
and on that ground asked to be relieved from ser-
vice on advisory boards. The interest of Martin
was also discussed between the Secretary and
Dickerson.
In deciding upon the proposals, no award was
made except to those whose drawings showed
the Martin boiler. The lowest bid for the-Nor-
folk sloop was by C. Reeder, of Baltimore, and
was for §94,000. Two of the board, Messrs.
Archbold and Hunt, were in favor of accepting
this bid. All agreed that the engines were good;
but Messrs. Martin and Wood did not like the
boilers. In his answer. Martin thus states his ob-
jection:
"Seeder's plan of engines is good, and his price satis-
factoiy, but his plan of boilers I cannot recommend; if they
were made sausfaetoiy I would recommend him foi the
Norfolk bhip."
If the boiler had been (i satisfactory" to Mr.
Martin, it would have secured a majority of the
board in favor of this bid. As, however, the
board was divided, a new advertisement was is-
sued, new bids were received, and the contract for
the Norfolk ship was finally awarded to Messrs.
Murray &Hazlehurst, of Baltimore, for $131,000,
or $37,000 more than Reeder's first bid. It ap-
pears from the testimony of Martin, that he pre-
pares plans for bidders; that he receives pay for
such plans—in one case as high as $500; and that
his fees now as consulting engineer for private
parties amount to more than his salary as chief
engineer in the Navy. In addition, his patent
fees for the boilers and valves used in the ma-
chinery of the five sloops, awarded partly upon
his opinion is, over four thousand dollars. He has
now a claim pending before Congress for §13,000
for the use of his patent boiler in the vessels of
the United States.
It is impossible for your committee or the House
to ascertain whether the action of the other mem-
bers of the board was proper or, not. The re-
jected plans and drawings have been returned to
the bidders. The specifications were so drawn
as to leave the whole matter to the Secretary of
the Navy. If, in .the specifications, the details
had been prescribed, the only question to determ-
ine would have been the price and security. It
is said that the mode adopted secured the best
engineering skill in the country; that engineers,
having the speed, &c., desired, might seek to
secure a contract by improvements on existing
plans. What weight ought to be given to these
considerations, we are not prepared to say. Upon
the plan adopted, there is no check upon execu-
tive officers in awarding contracts. Some real or
fancied defect in the machinery, or any part of it,
such a suggestion as that of the President, polit-
ical influence, favoritism for certain bidders, or,
as in Martin's case, a known or concealed inter-
est, might induce an award to a party whose bid
is many thousands higher than another respons-
ible bidder. The easy answer to all complaints
is,'that the plans of the successful bidder are
better. Bidders of high character and ability,
whose engines have been successful in commer-
cial vessels, finding their bids repeatedly rejected,
and the higher bids of inexperienced parties, with-
out facilities or experience in constructing marine
engines, accepted, naturally attribute it to politi-
cal or other improper influences, and refuse again
to incur the expense of preparing plans and draw-
ings, and the loss of reputation incurred by their
rejection. Thus the Government work becomes
monopolized by a few whose political relations
are right, and the Government gets the poorest
work at the highest price; a competition for work
for the Government becomes a mere scramble of
partisans, decided, not by the highest.skill and
lowest prices, but by political influence.
The board of engineers unanimously reported
j in favor of Merrick & Sons, for the Philadelphia
; ship, at §102,000. This was the house described
: in the letter of Colonel Patterson. The lowest
j bid was by the Novelty Works, New York, per-
: haps the most extensive works of the kind in the
| United Estates, at $98,500.
I For the Pensacola sloop, the board was divided.
Archbold and Hunt were in favor of the Boston
Locomotive Works, at $115,000; Martin and
Wood were for the Morgan Iron "WorkSy at
$120,000. Martin had previously engaged with
the proprietors of the Morgan Works for the use
of his patent, at $1,000. The Secretary, without
further proposals or reference, awarded the con-
tract to the Morgan Works. The lowest bidder
for the Pensacola sloop was Murray & Hazel-
hurst, at $100,000. They are marine engine build-
ers of high character and ample facilities.
For the^Boston sloop, Martin and Wood were
in favor of the Boston Locomotive Works, at
$104,000; Archbold and Hunt were for other bid-
ders. The Secretary awarded the contract, with-
out further proposals or reference, to the Boston
Locomotive Work. The lowest bidder was the
Allaire Works, New York, at $97,000.
For the Portsmouth or Kittery sloop the board
was unanimously in favor of Woodruff & Beach,
of Hartford, at $125,000. The lowest bid was
: that of the Novelty Iron Works, at $98,500.
j It is proper to say that Mr. Beach is remotely
I connected by marriage with the Secretary. But
; the committee see nothing in the evidence to show
I that he was favored on that account.
| For the New York sloop, Archbold, Martin,
j and Wood, reported in favor of James Murphy
! & Co., at $130,000. The lowest bid was that of
I the Allaire Works, of New York, one of the most
extensive works in the United States, at $105,000.
D. B. Allen, one of the proprietors of these works,
made one of the written complaints which led to
this investigation. Their bid was low because of
I the general depression of the commercial marine,
! and their machinery such as has been sanctioned
by private enterprise. They have constructed
more marine engines than any other establish-
ment in the country.
From the statement of the reports of the mem-
bers of the board, it appears that the vote of Mar-
