1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
tin prevailed in every instance. Upon an equal
division of the board his opinions were adopted
by the Secretary in the case of the Pensacola and
Boston sloops; and that upon his objection to the
boiler proposed for the Norfolk sloop a contract
was refused to Reeder, and was finally awarded
to meet Martin's views.
The aggregate difference between the lowest
bids and the accepted bids for the machinery in
the sloops is $82,000.
THE GRIFFITH S.IIIJ?.
The straggle for the contract for the machinery
of the smaller sloop-of-war building in Philadel-
phia, known as the "Griffith ship," presents
some features requiring notice. Before the lav/
of June 12, 1858, was passed, Mr. Norris, an
engineer, who for some years had retired from
active business, desired, in connection with John
~W. Griffith, to build a vessel of light draught and
great speed for the Navy"of the United States.
Upon the recommendation of Mr. Morris, in June
last, and in pursuance of a previous promise by
the Piesident to Mr. Norris, Mr. Griffith was
appointed temporary naval constructor ut Phila-
delphia. Mr. Griffith at once prepared his plans
for the ship, and sent them to the Department.
They were somewhat peculiar, and designed to
secure light draught and great speed, but to have
a heavy armament. Mr. Norris prepared his
plans for the machinery, and made a bid in Sep-
tember, 1858, to construct that machinery for the
Government at §126,000. The two plans were
designed,and the machinery and the vessel were
intended for each other. When the bids were
opened, it was found that the machinery of Mr.
Norris was the only kind proposed that was
adapted to the peculiar model of the ship, and
that he alone of the bidders had been furnished
with the midship sections, plans, and views of
the vessel, and knew that it was to have two
propellers. Under these circumstances, new pro-
posals were very properly invited. Norris ad-
hered to his bid, and proposals were submitted
by Reaney, Neafie & Co., of Philadelphia, and
the Allaire "Works, of New York. The contest,
however, was soon narrowed down to Norris and
Reaney, Neafie & Co. The bid of the latter was
§139,000. A board of four engineers of the
Navy was called to consider these bids; with the
plans and specifications of each. The board was
equally divided in its report.
Each party, without complaint from the De-
partment, sought to succeed by political influence.
The singular spectacle was presented of an ex-
member, without knowledge of an engine, man-
aging for one party, while the other pressed his
party services.
On the 2d of November, 1858, Norris urged
the acceptance of his proposals, in a letter to the
Secretary, thus:
" On the score of polities, which I have never mentioned
before, I have greater claims upon the Government than
ntv competitors. Oui shop, at Bush Hill, Philadelphia, was
the fhst institution in this country that laised the bamim of
Buchanan and Breekinri<!i;e. The day after the nomina-
tion we laised the standard, with full-length portraits of the
PieMdcnt and Vice President, and at the election our shop
furnished seven hundred and sixty-four votes for them.
Notwithstanding the present nionetaiy depression, we gave
tinee hundred and twelve vote* for the Administration at
the last election. We have supported the party with mate-
ria! aid by thousands of dollar, and woilted hard, as any
of liio party in Philadelphia will testify."
On the 9th of November last Hon. James Laa-
dy, a member of this House from Philadelphia,
apppeared before the Secretary of the x^avy to
urjje that the award be made to Reaney, I^eafie
Sl Co. The same firm employed William H.
Witte, an ex-member of Congress, as their agent,
who at once established intimate social relations
with some of the officers in the Navy Depart-
ment.
This agent was to receive for his services one
fourth of the profits of the contract, in case it was
awaided to Reaney, Neaiie & Co. It is to be re-
marked that he was employed by that firm only
to secure Government contracts, and had been
successful, in 1857, in securing the contract for
the Lancaster, for which he has received, as part
of his share of the profits, $5,000. He knew
nothing of machinery, and was only employed,
as he testifies, 011 account of his t£character and
standing."
New Series.—JVo. ,
On the 16th of November last, Norris sent to
the Secretary a letter from J. B. Baker, collector
of Philadelphia, of which the follov/ing is an ex-
tract;
"I have been intimately acquainted with the Messrs.
Norris Brothers for many years, and have had large busi-
ness transactions with them, and it may not be amiss to
state that they have always heartily advocated and sus-
tained the Democratic party. In the campaign of 1856,
Ihuir establishment not only contributed many bundled
votes to elect our present CMef Magistrate, but, to my
knowledge,contributed IargelJJm other ways to bringabout
that result.7'
Also, a letter from Hon. Henry M. Phillips,
of this House, of which the following is an ex-
tract:
" iVJessrs. Norris are good Democrats, willing and faith-
ful members of the parry, who,4 through weal and through
woe,' have labored jealously for its success.
"Their fame as mechanics is worJd-wide, and they are
men of high character ; and it will be to the fouith district
a matter of essential service for them to succeed in their
present application.
" Personally, mechanically, and politically meritorious,
if their proposal is not extravagant, I earnestly hope that it
will be accepted."
Also, a letter from John Hamilton, jr., of which
the following is an extract:
" I know no men better entitled to receive the attention
of a Democratic Administration than those composing this
firm; with a world-wide celebrity as machinists of the first
class, they have also been known as Democrats who have
never faltered ui their active and earnest devotion to the
cause; men who, amidst the very howling of the tempest
raised by the Opposition, aie more energyuc and determ-
ined in their support. T trust that the churns of these gen-
tlemen, who are so well qualified to pcrfoim whatever they
may undertake, and who are .so deserving as Democrats,
will not be overlooked.''  
To counteract these letters, Reaney, Neafie &
Co. relied upon the active interested agency of
Mr. Witte, who pressed their claims as a Demo-
cratic firm. He also procuied from Mr. Baker,
the collector, a letter, of which the following is an
extract:
"A few weeks since T was requested by Mr. William
Norns to state m a letter to you my knowledge of the polit-
ical character of the locomotive establishment of Measis. It.
Norris & Son, of Philadelphia, winch I ihd ; but 1 did not
intend to convey the impression (as I learn has been the
ease) that the marine-engine works of Messrs. Reaney,
Neafie & Co. were not of the same political creed, whom t
know by reputation, and it is pioper to say, is of the highest
character."
Somewhat similar letters were also written to
the President and referred to the Secretary. Thus,
in a letter under date of November 15, 1858, Mr.
Phillips writes of Norris Brothers:
i <• They have been and are my very good friends, active,
zealous, and disinttJiested Democrats. Their establishment
is within iny ihHiict, where they employ many hundreds of
operatives, who, under their exerted influence, weie vulu-
' able members of oui party during our iast disastrous cam-
: pai&n.
Colonel Florence, a member of the House, in
| an interview with the Seeretary, recommended
Mr. Norris.
These efforts to enlist political influence in
awarding contracts were received without objec-
tion or reproof, and were placed on the files of
the Department, and, with the awards and other
I papers, were sent to your committee. A highly
intelligent contractor testifies that within two or
three years it has been a common thing for bid-
ders to satisfy the Department as to their political
opinions. If jobs and contracts become the rec-
ognized rewards for partisan services, and aredis-
I bursed and distributed without regard to the writ-
{ ten law, as a mode of refunding; money contributed
! and spent in elections, and these abuses are tol-
i erated by the people, then may the money of the
i people be taken directly from the public Treasury
! to corrupt or overthrow the elective franchise.
! Yet these motives are strongly and confidently
! urged by high officers of the Government to the
: high officers charged with ajudicialduty, and also
1 to the Chief Magistrate, whose duty it is to exe-
! cute the law.
j On the 29th of November, 1858, the Secretary
| desired a board of civil engineers, not of the
i Navy, to examine the propositions of Mr. Nor-
I ris, and of Reaney, Neafie & Co., and to express ;
I in writing which of the two was preferable. A
i majority of the board reported in favor of Mr.
i Norris's plan. Thus the matter stood until De-
| cember 21, 1858, Mr. Norris supposing that the
j question was settled in his favor. At that date
1 the Secretary submitted to Mr. Norris a written
proposition of guarantee of speed, *which, at the
request of the Secretary, Mr. Norris "copied and
signed. Norris was not informed that it would
be considered as a new offer, ox as varying his
former bid, but he signed it for the satisfaction
of the Secretary, and in the words written by him.
The next day, if flie date is correct, December
22, 1858, Witte, as the agent of Reaney, Neafie
& Co., submitted a written " explanation" of
their proposal, in which they stipulated for a
somewhat higher speed. Their guarantees were
treated as new proposals, and were, on the same
day, referred to Archbold, the engineer-in-chief,
who had steadily opposed Norris's plans. Arch-
bold on the same day reported in favor of Rea-
ney, Neafie &Co., and the contract was awarded .
to them.
The undersigned do not deem it necessary to
pursue this controversy further. Charges of fraud,
favoritism, and improper disclosure of the plans
of competing bidders were made. The facts and
the claims of each party are fully shown in the
testimony and documents herewith submitted.
THE READING FORGE ANI? HON. J.. GLANCY JOKES.
As an incident to this branch of their inquiry,
it became necessary for your committee to exam-
ine a charge that Hon. J. GHancy Jones, now a
civil officer of the Government, had, while he was
a member of this House, received money from the
Reading Forge for his services in obtaining for it
contracts with the Government.
Our attention was first called to this charge by
the testimony of Dr. Cockroft, giving a state-
ment of James Murphy, a contractor for the con-
struction of the steam machinery for the United
States steamship Brooklyn. The purport of the
statement was, that he was obliged to let the
forging for the vessel to the Reading Forge Com-
pany, understood to belong to Mr. Jones. An
intimation was also made to Mr. Gtuintard, of the
Morgan Works, New York, the successfulbidder
for the Pensacola sloop, that if he got the forging
work done by the Reading Forge, it would be
acceptable or satisfactory to certain parties.
Hon. W. H. Keim, a member of this House,
testified that he, as secretary and treasurer of the
company, made an agreement with Mr. Jones to
the effect that, if he would get work for the forge
to do, the company would allow him five per cent,
on the amount he obtained; that the kind of work
contemplated, was forgingshafts,&c., for vessels
of the United States Navy. Thejndueement to
the company to make the contract Vith Mr. Jones
was the fact that he was a member of Congress,
and it was supposed that he would have facilites
for getting work that others would not.
Prior to this agreement, Mr. Jones wrote the
following letter to General Keim:
House of Representatives, May 18,1854.
Dear CcxERA-ii: I received your letter this morning, and
have just had an interview with the Secretary of the Navy.
He informs me that all the machinery will be given out on
contract, except, perhaps, vvh.it is made in Washington.
The Secretary will adveitise for bids, but will not give it to
the lowest bidder; he will contract with the offer which he
thinks is best for the Government. Now, I think T can
•erve my town and constituency by securing a fair portion
from those who want these contracts; with this the Secre-
tary has nothing to do; but we can do a great deal our-
selves by being leady to meet these contractor*! will
write you again «oon, and send you the notice when the
Secretary advertises.
Truly yours, J. GLANCY JONES.
General W. H. Kelm.
Under this agreement, Mr. Jones did get work
for the forge, in 1854, for the steamer Wabash,
amounting to $10,000 or $11,000, upon which he
was entitled to five per cent. The contract for
the work was made with Merrick & Sons.
General Keim ceased to be secretary and treas-
urer of the company in the spring of 1S55, and
was succeeded by M. A. Bertolet. Mr. Bertolet
testifies that the contract with Mr. Jones was
frequently spoken of in the meetings of the board,
when the justness of paying him what was agreed
upon was spoken of. On two or three occasions
the witness met Mr. Jones and told him that he
was very sorry that the concern was in such a
condition pecuniarily; that he did not see how ho
couid pay him any money then. He testifies he
always understood that Mr. Jones was the agent
of the company, and that the company had either
agreed with him or proposed within themselves
to give him a certain percentage for such work tss>
