-fr
1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
nesses. I feel that if I detained the House longer,
1 would not be Keeping my pledge when t began.
I think I have honestly £iven a plain statement
of the substantial points in the case. "We must,
m our action, I think, rely upon the whole testi-
mony, as it is printed arsd before us, and not on
mere extracts, or parts thereof.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I call for the ;
previous question.
The p:e\yous question was seconded; and the i
main question was ordered. * j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE I move that the |
whole subject bo laid upon the table. '
Mr. WILSON. 1 believe I am now entitled |
to'address the House.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. :
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is not the motion i
to lay upon the 'able?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reporting
the resolution fiom the committee lias the right,
under the rules, to close the debate after the main
question is oidered.
Mr. HOUSTON". I would like to get permis-
sion to submit a irsolution as a substuute for
those now pending, declaring the seat vacant.
The SPEAKER. Amendments are not in
order.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to detain the House
but for a few moments; and I shall speak merely
in reply to the few points raised yesterday by the
gentleman from Maine.
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi, The last speech
made was on the gentleman's side. Can he now
go on and make another speech in favor of the
contestant5 *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor under the rules.
Mr. FARNSWOltTH. I wish to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Indiana to a few
points. Does the evidence show at what time the
sitting Delegate left Nebraska Tenitory—how
soon after the result of the election was known r
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the sitting
Delegate h>ft the Terntoiy shortly after the no-
tice of contest was served upon him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. ile received notice of
contest before he left?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FA KNSWORTH. Did he leave any at-
torney, or agent, to act for him ?
Mr. WILSON. The notice was left at his res-
idence, and an attorney appeared for him. After
the witni'sses'on the pait of the contestant were
examined, that attorney gave notice to ihe con-
testant that he, as the attorney of Judge JA-rgu-
son, would proceed to take testimony on his be-
ll a! f.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Wos not that at-
torney prevented from a cross-examination of the
witnesses of the contestant r
Mr. WILSON. He would not state that he
appeared as the attorney for the sitting: Delegate.
Mr. Speaker, I shall only refer, as I have said,
to one or two points stated yesterday by the gen-
tleman fiom Maine. First, as fo the notice of
contest. The gentleman from Maine says that
no notice of contest was served upon the sitting
member; and to maintain that statement, he
bnn<?K forward an ex parte affidavit; and, what is
still worse, the affidavit of the party interested.
Still more, it is an affidavit that does not appear
in the testimony at ali.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. My friend will
find that affidavit m the Congressional Globe, of
the last session, at the time the report was made
by the gentleman now chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections. Was it not admitted m the com-
mitter, hv all the paities, that the facts therein
stated were true? Tney weio not controverted.
Mr. WILSON. Yesterday thegentleman found
fault with ex parte evidence, and yet his whole
argument was made upon an ex parte affidavit.
'Why should he find faub with ex parte testimony,
v, hen he re lies his whole case upon similar tes-
timony? How is it proved that Judge Fergu-
son had no notice? liy the affidavit of Judge
Ferguson himself. Alter the notice of contest
was served on the sitting Delegate, he left the
Territory, not stating where lie was going. He
had no residence elsewhere. Where could a party
havg left a notice except at his residence ? That
was done, and was in accordance with the act of
Congress.
So much for the notice of taking testimony.
But the gentleman from Maine has found fault
with what I .said, and says that I have changed
my views since I expressed them in the Ohio con-
tested case. He refers to the argument I made
at that time, to sustain the sitting Delegate in this
case. But I deny that the two cases are at all sim-
ilar. I am pleased that what I said then has met
with the approval of the gentleman; for, to t^e
best of my recollection, it had no weight whatever
with the majority of the House at that time. But
I deny the conclusion of the gentleman in regard
fo the Ohio case. He says that, in that case, I
rejected hparsay evidence. 1 now reject hearsay
evidence. I will determine no man's case on hear-
say evidence. But I say that the declaration made
by the judge of election, while the election is pro-
gressing, and when there is no inducement to
fiaud, becomes part of the resgeUce, and nothear- j
say evidence. i
Again: the gentleman says that I took a differ- j
ent position in the Ohio case from that which I !
take in this case m another respect. Not so. I :
maintain the same position now, as then. In that !
case, the question was as to the mode of electing |
the judges: while in this case, the question is as i
to whether thejudges were sworn by any officer j
authorized to administer the oath to them. I hold '
that they were not; and that, therefore, the elec- |
tion in that preeinct ought to be vitiated. |
Mr. WASHBiJKN, of Maine. I ask the <ren- j
tleman if these judges, inspector^, and clerks, ■
weie not orib'crs de jacio, acti'ig colore oJfi.cn, and ■
if the decision tluu he read ysterday was not '
clear up to the ptont that their proceedings ought J
not to he contested m this collateral manner? !
Air. WILSON. That is not the point. In this j
case, the judo's were not sworn at all. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 ask whether i
they did not act as officers—whether they were ]
not officers de facto ? j
Air. WILSON. Itis true, they acted as judges;
but the law of Nebraska commands that the i
judges shall be sworn. These weie not sworn by !
anv officer authorized to administer the oath.
Mr. WASHGURNE, of Illinois. If they had '
been duly sworn, they would have been officers '
de jute; not being so sworn, were they not offi- j
cers de facto ? j
Air. WILSON. The question is not as to the I
oath they took; but as to the officeis administer- j
ing that oath. With this statement m les'ard to j
the^comments of the gentleman from Maine, on !
my position in the Ohio case, I will leave this j
m^ter to be determined by the House. No matter -
what that decision may be, I shall be satisfied. •
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to lay the :
whole snbjr'ct on the taMe. ;
Mr. STEVENSON. On that motion I ask for j
the yeas and nays. ]
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to have the j
consent of the House to ptopose a resolufion, |
which I indicated before, as a substitute for all j
the pending propositions, declanng the siatva-l
cant. j
Mr. KELSEY. I object. ;
Mr. HOWARD. Tne amendment offered by j
the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Stanton] covers ;
that point. !
Mr, HOUSTON. Very well.
The yeas and nays were ordered. _ ,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 93; as follows: ;
YE-VS —Messrs Ah!, Ander-on Aikm-\ Avery, Rnrkt* |
dale. Hair, liiltinghur-l. Bimiham, Bowie, iii/'iiei:. ta-lue. i
Chalh*e. John B. Chirk. .John Cochrane. Coidiul', Covode. .
Cunv. Dofiii. i-Jowru:, j>iumu£k, 3>odd, lhiie, £.1- 1
munu>0n. Kiiioit, Eugh-h, floiciH-c. Tuiey, Fu-tor, Gar- !
nett, (rfufji'il, Cillis, Goode, Cnodvwn, Giancei, Grccg, ;
Rolvu 15. II..11. Norton, lltmlie-*. Jackson, Geoijrr W.JoiH'd, ;
Owen .1 oil"*!2. Kenp, Kellocy;. Kol-.ev. John C. Kunkol, |
Landy, Lawienoe. Led v. Leiiei. Letchoi, Marhiy, Maue-
 on, Mayn.ud. MiL's Millet, MilKon. Moore, IM< i^an, Ed-
umhI Jm MouN, tudi) II. 3I"i.-e, Mu i<!y, N'iMaek, 1
Xichol-,* P.ilnwr, I\uk<*r, Pendleton, Peyton. John S. '
Ph'do>.'Phi!hu-. Powell, llcagan, U"iin , Kic.iud.
llussell, Savaye, Huule?.. Scoit, SewauJ, Juti-on W. K!i"r-
man. Smirli'toii, Samuel A. Smnli. Spin,".!. St>.Uv ortli.
Wiiham Strnwiit. Georse Ta\!u:« 'Jhujei. lTnd -iuood,
WaShridssc, Waid, Cadualudtr C. Wa^hh'nn. E:i'nu 15.
Wa&nbutne, J^ael \Va>libuin, Watkin^, Wuae. WJutelcj*,
Woodson, and Atigu'tus R. Wright—99.
XAYS —Ahbott, Adiam, Blair, Lovee,
Braxton, Builmton. Binhn^ame, Ca^e, Obannnin. r.z:a
Claik, Iloiate F. CI.uk, Clavv^n. (.'iaik i3 Cochrane,
l.'ockonll, Coithv, Coirnns!, Cox, Cia uu DvIVuImmi, Pavis#
of Maialand. D.ims of Induuia, ot Aia-^aciiifeeits, :
Davis ot Iowa, Uavvos, liiek, Duiiee. Ea.-tH, Famswortb,
Ponton, Ciddmgs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Greenwood, ;
Grow, Lawience W. Hall, Harlan, Harris, Haskiu, Hateli, 1
Hill, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, flo.waid, Jiu}ler, Jenkins,
Jewett, Kent, Ktigoie. Leach, Lowjny, MeKibbin. Mc-
Uueen, Samue) >S. Murshaii, Maaon, Moafsomery, Morrill,
Isaac N. Mouie, Oliver A. Mora.evMolU Pettu, VViili'am W.
Miles Taylor,Thompson,Tompkius,Tsippe,V«il!an<iigll&ai,
Vance, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Wilson, Wortendykfe,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—93.
So the whole subject was laid on the table;
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the whole subject was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee on Territories.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am directed
by the Oommitiee on Territories to report back,
Without amendment, Senate bill No. 239, for the
admission of Oregon into the Union. I have no
wiixten lepoit to submit to the House. I will
briefly state to the committee the thiee mam points
to be considered: first, the regularity of the pio-
ccedinevs; second, the tepubhean form of the con-
stitution of Oregon; and, third, the sufficiency of
the population.
Upon this last, and the most important, point
to some members of the committee, and, perhaps,
of the Uousp, I have only this information to
give to the fiouse. There has been no census
taken in Ore^n'i since 1S.3j. in 1850 the United
States census wns tnken,and m 1855 a territorial
census was taken. None has been taken since.
And hete, I wJj state for the information of the
House, that perhaps somegemiemen may be mis-
led bv the n,j\vspi}->cr accounts of a late census
taken in Oregon. That, sir, is entirely erroneous.
There has he^n no census taken since i855. In
1850, the population of the then Territory of
Oregon was about t'nrnvn thousand. About three
thousand of that popuianon were cut off by the
organization ot the Temiory of Washington,
leaving about ten thousand m the present Terri-
tory ol' Oregon. 1 have here the official census
taken in 1S55, at which time the population was
forty-three thousand four hundred and seventy
two. That shows an increase of more than four
hundred percent, in five years. Jf the population
has increased in the same ratio from 1855 until
this time, the population now must be about one
hundred and tinny thousand. Whether it has so
increased or not, [ cannot undertake to say; but
that it has largely, continually, and annually in-
creased, there can be no doubt. My opinion is
that it lias increased m nearly that ratio. At the
last Congiess, two years ago, this House passed
a bill authorizing the people of the Territory to
form a State constitution. At that time the pop-
ulation was thought to be sufficient. That bill
failed in the Senate for want ot time. But early
in the last session, the Senate took up this sub-
ject, and this b ll was passed. And perhaps the
fact that this bill poised the Senate, and the fact
that tiie enabling act passed the House at a former
session, is the reason why the Territorial Legis-
lature of Oregon had made no provision for taking
another census. Upon this point, however, as
some gentlemen seem to lay much stress upon it,
J have one or two other observations to make. I
shall do it briefly, and then lenve the subject to
the consideiatiou of the House.
While there aie no other facts than those which
I have stated in reference to the actual population
ot Oregon, rher>' are other elements fr<jm which
we are authors d to infer the probable popula-
tion. h'or lnsunnv, 1 have before me a report of
the auditoi of tli^ Territory of Oregon giving the
amount of taxable property iy that Territory in
1357. From ihia it seems that the total amount
of taxable propertyin that Tenitory, as returned
to that ofriee, (exclusive of Josephine county,
which was assessed, in 1856, at $H3 7G7,) amounts
to ~;Ii>,350,005, or a fraction over twelve per cent,
inciease on the amount returned last year. In
1657, then, the amount of taxable property—per-
sonal property, tor there are no titles to real estate
in that Territory, and only personal property is
taxed—was more than eighteen million dollars,
leaving out one of the counties; which, giving it
the same amount of property assessed the year
previous, would swell the amount to more than
nineteen million dollars. I have also another
