THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY" JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1859.
under the territorialgovernment under which they
live? and is it for that reason that we are asked
to change it? They have a territorial government,
so far as I know, entirely satisfactory to them.
The people of Oregon have three times voted
against coming into the Union as a Stable. They
did so, I believe, only the year before the forma-
tion of this constitutipn—it might possibly have
been two years — so there was nothing in the
character of their government, or its administra-
tion, appealing with more than ordinary force"to
the sense of justice in Congress to change its
form.
That there may be no misunderstanding as to
my views on one point, I will say here, that in
the application of any people for admission as a
State into the'Union, the number of their popu-
lation at the time would be a question of second-
ary consideration with me.
The propriety of granting their application must
be determined by a fair consideration of all the
surrounding circumstances at the time.
* In the 4ast Congiess I introduced an enabling
act for Oregon, which passed this House,butwas
defeated in the Senate. But since the introduction
of that bill, Congress has declared that a people
then living under a cruel despotism, should not
come into the Union as a free State, which was
their desire, till they have at least twice as much
population as Oregon has now.
Such was the decision of this Congress at its
last session; you established the doctrine then,
and I ask the same House to be consistent with
its own decision. I ask not to fix a precedent for
future Congresses, but only for consistency on the
part of the same gentlemen who declared that a
people, who had lived under a most odious des-
potism for four years, in which there was no se-
curity for life, liberty, or property,and jn whom
the Administration of the Federal Government
took no interest save to trample on the dearest
rights known to American freemen, should not
have their prayer granted and their grievances
redressed until they had a population of ninety-
three thousand four hundred and twenty, unless
they would consent to enter the Union as a slave
State.
And that law is on your statute-book to-day.
This same House has excluded from the Union a
State with more population than that of Oregon,
unless she would accept a constitution that her
people abhorred, and submit to rulers whom they
loathed; and by your act they are denied admis-
sion until they have nearly or quite double the
present population of Oregon.
Sir, as a repiesentative of the Union, on this
floor, I will never make or permit, by my sanc-
tion, an unjust discrimination to be made between
the people of.different Territories; and while this
decision remains on the statute-book, I call upon
gentlemen on the other side of the House to be
consistent with themselves.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephen's,]
as an excuse for the inconsistency of excluding
Kansas, and admitting Oregon with less popula-
tion, attempts to rely upon the ordinance of 1787,
passed in reference to the Northwest Territory,
and referred to in the act organizing the Territory
of Oregon. That ordinance, as originally applied
to the Northwest Territory, was composed of two
parts. The first, consisting of personal yghts,
guarantees, and restuctions on the inhabitants of
that Territory The second, a compact between
the Federal Government and the States, espe-
cially the State of Virginia. This provision of the
organic act for Oregon, extending that ordinance
to that Teriitory, applies only to the first part of
that relating to the personal rights, privileges, im-
munities, and restrictions. It does not extend
over Oregon that part of the ordinance of 1787
which was a compact with the State of Virginia.
There was no necessity for extending that part
of the ordinance, nor is it necessarily extended
by any fair construction of the ordinance and the
organic act for Oregon. Suppose the ordinance ;
of 1787 had provided that a State should be en- i
titled to come into tha Union with ten thousand I
60
inhabitants: would the gentleman still hold that,
if the provisions of the ordinance should be ex-
tended over some future Territory, in the same
language that was used in the Oregon act, she
would be entitled to come into the Union as a
State with ten thousand inhabitants, no matter
what the ratio of representation might be? That
would be the necessary effect of the construction
given by the gentleman from Georgia. Mr.
Speaker, there is no necessary connection be-
tween the compact with Virginia, as to the States,
and the guarantees of personal rights. There are
no special rights to be guarantied to her in re-
spect to Oregon. When the ordinance of 1787
was adopted with reference to the North westTer-
ritory, Virginia then claimed that she owned this
Territory; and she ceded it to the Government on
ccrtain conditions: one of which was, that when
the people in any separate Territory included
within her limits numbered sixty thousand, they
should be entitled to come in as a State. By no
legal or necessary construction of the ordinance
and the organic act can that part of the ordinance
of 1787 be extended over Oregon. But even sup-
pose such to be the fact, the gentleman from
Georgia has failed to show that the population of
Oregon numbers even sixty thousand. The evi-
dence is against him, unless you take as a basis
of population the estimates of property furnished
by the Rogue river war elaims.
Now, sir, one moment in reference to the rec-
oi ds, in order to ascertain, if possible, the number
of people in the Territory. 1 have here an almanac
published by Mr. S. J. McCormick, one of the
delegates to the convention which framed the con-
stitution of Oregon. This almanac seems to he a
sort of official register of political statistics for
Oregon, as ihe Tribune almanac is for the whole
country. I find that at the last election held in the
Territory, in June last* the number of votes cast
was 10,121, and that is the largest number ever
polled in the Territory. Now, multiply that by
any number you please, within any reasonable
bounds, as the ratio of population to legal voters,
and you cannot make a total population in the
Territory of more than fifty-five thousand, at
best Compare it with the ratio of voters to in-
habitants in any of the old States—you cannot
swell it above that number. Take, for instance,
the district which I represent, a district that has
been settled for nearly a hundred years, and is
consequently somewhat densely populated with
large families—and in all the oldersettied districts
of country you find the number of population i
larger, m proportion to the number of voters, than ■
in the new States—m my own district the voters |
arc about as one to four end a half, not to exceed !
five, of the population. I doubt whether there is i
a district in the United States where the propor- ;
tion of population to voters is more than one to j
five; but assume that proportion and apply it to <
Oregon, and you would have a population of but |
little over fifty thousand in the aggregate. Hut,
sir, every gentleman knows that, m the wwly-
settled portions of the country, the proportion of
voters is much greatet to the aggregate popukt- i
tion than in the okW Staus. Young men <co
forth to sock their fortunes in the wilderness
alone. There is not so large a proportion of
women and children ns in the older settlements,
and hence the proportion of voters is laiger than ■
in the older States. Here are the figures upon .
which I estimate the present population of Ore-
gon; and it cannot exceed fifty thousand, judging ■
by the number of votes at tlx* election held in
June last, at which this constitution w«s voted ,
on, and members elected to the Legi.-siatiue. I ;
think the election was held on the first Monday -
in June last. If I am not correct, the Delegate j
from that Territory can correct me. j
Mr. LANE. The gentleman is correct. The j
election to which he refers was held on the first '
Monday of June. But, sir, on that day we know j
that more than six thousand voters were away (
in the Fraser country, hunting after gold; and that ]
two or three thousand more were in the Klammath i
Lake country, hunting for gold. If we had had a I
New Series No. 60.
   "TiniiTTTHHTTiSnil^rSi
full poll, we would have run up to twenty thou-
sand votes. There is no doubt of it at all.
Mr. GROW. Well, sir, what I have said has
been from the records of the Territory. J raise
no question as .to the opinions of the Delegate
from Oregon. The population of Oregon, in my
judgment, can be but little greater than it was six
years ago, for the reason just stated by the Del-
egate, the gold fever has taken them off to the
Fraser river country; the Indian disturbances on
the plains have prevented accessions to their pop-
ulation by emigration on that route; and the In-
|dian hostilities in the Territory within the last
! few years must, to a very great extent, have pre-
1 vented emigrants from going there.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that there has not one single family
left Oregon for the Fraser river country. It is
only the heads of families who have gone off
searching for gold.
Mr. GROW. Well, take the election held in
the Territory a year ago last June. That was be-
fore the gold fever broke out there.
Mr. LANE. At that time I ran without oppo-
sition.
Mr. GROW. I find an opposition vote put
down here.
Mr. LANE. Well, sir, I will not say anything
about the person who professed to be the oppo-
sition candidate. I will say that it was generally
understood that I ran without opposition.
1 Mr. GROW. At the last election of a terri-
; torial Delegate, which occurred a year ago last
. June, there were polled for the Delegate who
now occupies the scat five thousand six hundred
' and sixty-two votes; and there were polled for
■ the opposition candidate three thousand four hun-
j drcd and seventy-one votes; making the total vote
; of the Territory on that day nine thousand one
'hundred and thirty-three, and that was before
' the gold fever took the voters away from Oregon.
I Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
' sylvama aliow me to say 
; Mr. GROW. The gentleman will, I hope, par-
[ don me. I wish to proceed with what I have to
I say on another part of this subject. I desired to
: call attention to this question of population, in
! order to contrast the action of the Iiouse at its
' last session with what it is proposed to do now. I
■ only ask it to be consistent with itself. So far as
: I am concerned, show nie that the people of Ore-
\ gon are to-day deprived of protection in their
■ persons, or 111 their property, by executive inter-
; ference, or neglect of duty, and I would vote-to
; admit them without delay, so far as the question
of population is concerned.
i Show me a people in any of the Territories
' towards whom the Executive of the Republic fails
! to perform his duty, and who are left in a state
of civil war, with no arm of the Federal Govern-
ment raised to protect them in their rights, or to
1 shield their firesides and hearthstones from vio-
lence and wrong, and 1 will vote to admit them
as a State, with a constitution not inconsistent
with the guarantees of the Constitution of the
United States, and thus relieve them from the
despotism of the Federal Government, whatever
their population, whether twenty or one hundred
thousand. F only refer, however, to thoa£ re-
cords merely to meet the point made by the gen-
tleman from Georgia; but so far as population,
in the oidirmnce of 1787 is concerned, hold that
that ordinance imposes no obligation upon us.
. Yet, ev< n if it, did, Oregon has not the popula-
tion required by the ordinance; for instead of
■ hciving sixty thousand population, I have shown
ijrorti the ofHcial vote polled at her elections, that
! there cannot be more than forty-five thousand.
Mr. COVTTNS. Dming the consideration of
, the Oregon enabling act, I find the following:
1 Mi. Grow. The population of Oregon, so far as the
' IkM infouimnon winch wo have goes, consists of some-
where aoom ninety thousand."
1 I should like to ask the gentleman from Penn-
' sylvania on what authority he made that state-
i ment?
1 Mr. GROW. I took the authority of the Del-
