1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
35th Cong....2d Se
ss. Report on the Official Conduct and Accounts of William Cullom.
Ho. of Reps.
trust. Itfurthermore appears thatapractice had
grown up in the office of allowing each of the em-
ployes to use the office stationery for private pur-
poses to an extent equa' to the amount allowed
by law to each of the members. As it appears to
your committee, the stationery of the House is in
much the same condition as would be a stock of
merchandise of many thousand dollars' value, sold
at retail by sundry different clerks, to nearly two
hundred and fifty different customers, each a part
proprietor, interested only in securing his share
of the capital, with no eye to profits, no account
of sales kept, and no invoice ever taken; the safety
of the stock depending alone upon the skill and
integrity of the factor. The stationery clerk of
the last Congress was an old incumbent, contin-
ued in office by the late Clerk m compliance with
a very numerous and most respectable recom-
mendation. Your committee design no reflection ,
upon him, but they submit that not only the j
gafety of the officer, but that of the public prop- !
erty in his care, requires that his official conduct ;
should be subjected by the Clerk to constant re- j
visal. ' i
In this connection, your committee deem it 1
proper to call attention to the matter of uphol- i
stery, furniture, and repairs for the House', fur- -
nished by the direction and the authority of the
Clerk. By House resolution of January 30,1846, ;l
it is provided that "all contracts, bargains, or
agreements relative to the furnishing any matter ;j
or thing, or for the performance of any labor for 'i
the House of Representatives, be made with the 1
Cleik, or approved by him before any allowance ;j
therefor shail be made by the Committee of Ac- ij
counts." The disbursements for upholstery, fur- |
niture, and repairs, amount annually to many h
thousand dollars. The practice of the office ap- j!
pears to be to employ some tradesman, who sup-
plies everything of the kind that is required either 'j
by the committets or otherwise, without any ;|
special contract or agreement as to price, submits
his account'tothe Committeeof Accounts, which,
when approved by chatcommittee, is paid by the U
Clerk. During the last Congress three different ij
persons were thus employed, whose evidence be- ||
fore the committee shows that, upon the articles
furnished by them, they realized a profit of from .1
twenty-five to thirty-three and one third percent.,
which they say is no more than they charge pri- j'
vate persons for similar supplies. Certain it is, ;!
that the aggregate of profits is very considerable,
and does not soem to be attended with correspond- ;
ing benefit to the Government. For example: it
appears fiom the late Clerk's report that for fur-
nuurc, &c., in the committee-room on Public ;j
Buildings and Grounds, ordered by that commit-
tee, was expended £1,439 25: and in like manner,
in the committee-room on Expenditures of the 'i
Navy Department, £,857 50; and in the committee-
room on Expenses of the Post Office and Treas- j
ury Departments, $633 25. ,1
But a more striking instance of the working of ;
the system is found m the furnishing with car- ;
pets and cushions the new Hall. The superin-
tendent engaged upon the Capitol extension,!
supposing that this fell within his piovince, had J;
selected a carpet in this city at the price of $1 75 ;
per yard laid down; but was iniormed by the ii
Cloik that he considered this as a part of his of- :
ficial duty, under the resolution already referred j
to. In this view lie was undoubtedly correct, ^
and the superintendent very cheerfully and gladly
acquiesced in it. He wrote to the Clerk giving
him some suggestions about the matter, and the ,
Clei k dddi nsbcd a note to the tradesman employed ,,
as pmeial furnisher, authorizing him 'Ho do such
upholstery and other work in the new Hall of the
House of Representatives and its galleries as
Captain Meigs might designate and direct." Un-
der this authority lie proceeded and procured the
identical carpet selected by the superintendent,
laid it down, and presented to the Committee of
Accounts a bill at two dollars per yard and o
twenty-Jive cents per yaid for laying it down,
making a profit of nearly $1,000 on the single | '
item. It is proper to add that the testimony >'
shows that these profits, considerable as theyap-
pear, were enjoyed by the tradesman alone, nei- '
ther the Clerk nor any of his subordinates par-
ticipating in them. And in the matter of the carpet :
it appears that the Clerk personally had. rro other ;j
connection with it than to give the order in the
manner stated, having one of his subordinates to
supervise the laying it down according to the
wishes of the superintendent.
Among other duties devolved upon the ]ate
Clerk, the House, by resolution of July 7,1856,
ordered him to purchase for each new member
and Delegate of the last Congress a certain cata-
logue of books. This order, it seems, he had m
part executed, when, on jfef 3d of March* 1857,
the same was modified, soTar as it lemaincd un-
executed, by giving a reduced number of books
to such public library in each of the districts as
the member might designate, and at the same
time the sum of $138,000 was appropriated for
! the purpose of indemnifying the Clerk for books
i already purchased, and to enable him to execute
j the order in full. Soon afterwards the Clerk, upon
| consultation, according to his usage in cases new
j and doubtful, with the more experienced of his
I corps of assistant clerks, drew a requisition upon
■ the Treasury for $50,000, for the purpose of in-
' demnifymg himself for previous purchases, and
; to provide a fund for futuie purchases to be made
| in his contemplated absence from the city. This
j requisition was challenged and dishonored at the
j Treasury, and was followed by a correspondence
between the Clerk's office and the Secretary, not
necessary to be noticed further than to state the
conclusion arrived at. On the 13th of June, 1857,
the Secretary of the Treasury addressed a letter
to the First Comptroller, reviewing the two reso-
lutions of July 7, 1856, and March 3, 1837, and
making a decision in reference to the purpose of
books by the Clerk under the resolutions! He
says that the lesolution of March 3, 1857, "con-
templates two distinct objects; first, to indemnify
the Clerk for books already purchased by him;
second, to enable the Clerk to obtain and forward
to public libraries the books set forth in the law."
He adds that the objcct of this latter branch of
the law was doubtless to secure the purchase of
the books, <{ as it had been repeatedly ehatged
that members were sometimes in the habit of re-
ceiving the money instead of the books." Com-
menting upon the resolution of July 7, 1856, the
Secretary says, " upon examination of similar
resolutions which have been adopted by.previous
Houses, 1 find that they substantially agree m
their directions to the Clerk with the one now
under consideration. The Cleik, to the extent
that he acted m carrying out this resolution, with
the recognized and approved precedents of his pre-
decessors, is entitled to protection, and such 1 have
no doubt was the intention of Congress m fram-
ing that pait of the law which provides for his
indemnity. He should be required to produce to
your office satisfactory evidence that he has so
acted." Pursuant to this decision the Clerk, on
the 15th of July, 1857, certified that he had pur-
chased of one Hugh Tyler twenty-four sets of
books, had delivered twenty-one sets to as many
members, as appeared by their receipts which he
produced, and had three sets still on hand unde-
livered. It was charged that this certificate was
untrue, and that in fact no books had boon deliv-
ered. This charge in three instances wai sus-
tained. The facts as they appear m evidence are
as follows; your committee examined as wit-
nesses a large number of the members' whose
receipts appear m this list. They find that in
most cases the books were in fact delivered as the 1
receipts purport. They have found but three
exceptions. Hon. J. H Jeweti, of Kentuck>,
testifies in substance: " I did nwt take the books
of Mr. Cullom, but that was at my own instance.
I never had any mter\lew wall him upon the
matter at iJl. When the resolution was passed,
I was absent visiting a sick son. 1 had always
understood that to Ue a sort of additional com-
pensation to the members. One day one of the
clerks came to my desk with a papei and asked
me it 1 would take the books under the resolution.
I said I would take the books. However, imme-
diately upon the passage of the lesoluticn, I had
received a letter from Sherrai'd Vv thiums, former-
ly a member of Congress, ottering lue his books
at a much lower rate than they were to be fur-
nished. Also, m the coutsi.* o< o private tiansac-
tion with Colonel Stone, my predecessor, mutu rs
had so transpired that his books could also be
obtained at a jess price than they would fur-
nished here, I therefore proposed, through my
colleague, to Mr. Cuiiom, to take money instead
of books, as I preferred to do so. Mr. Cullom
furnished me a list of hooks which he said he had
put down at the catalogue prices; I gave him a
receipt for them. If there was any fault in the
matter, it was with me and not with him."
Hon. D. S. Walbndge, of Michigan, testifies
that he received money for aportion of his books.
"When I went for them, ! told General Cullom
thatl had already bought some of the same works,
the Register of Debates, the Annals, and also the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, and they
were at my house in my library,and I proposed,
if it suited him, that he should give me the money
instead of those books, of which I already had
copies. He said it made no difference with him,
and he did not know as it would make any dif
ferencc to any one else; he accordingly gave me
the money instead of those books."
Hon. John Williams, of New York, testifies, in
substance, that on the 5th of March, 1857, one of
his colleagues undertook to procure for him his
bookstand to have them sent to him; that he
signed a receipt at Willard's Hotel, and envel-
oped it to the Clerk; made no examination of the
receipt, and remembers nothing of its contents;
finds the same receipt on file in the Treasury De-
partment, dated July 15, 1856; had no interview
or communication with the Clerk; gave no direc-
tions and made no provisions for the freight of his
books, and had not received them, but had been
assured by the Cleik, on the morning he gave his
testimony, which was the first time he saw him,
that the books were awaiting his oiders. No
money was received, or proposed to be received, 4
by him.
The First Auditor, on the 6th of August, 1857,
ceitifies that " the rates charged for books in this
account have been compared with prior accounts,
and have, in no case, been found to exceed the
prices heretofore paid for the same." Your com-
mitter have attempted to give a syllabus of the
facts connected with this much vexed transaction.
To furnish the books to the libraries, under the
second branch of the resolution of March 3, 1857,
the clerk employed Messrs. Taylor & Maury,
and Mr. Shillmgton, well known booksellers in
this city. Mr. Taylor testifies that he endeavored
to procure from John C. Rives the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, the Diplomatic Correspond-
ence, and the Finance Reports, but that Mr.
Rives refused to sell less than 43 volumes to the
set of the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
while 37 volumes was all that the Clerk, as he
understood the law, was authorized to buy. That
for the Diplomatic Correspondence he charged
$"25 a set, while the Clerk was allowed to give but
$15; and for the Finance Reports he charged
* 24 50 a set, the p ice fixed to be paid by the
Clerk being >24. That failing to get the books
there, he collected them m the geneial market
wherever he could find them, except the Finance
Reports, which Mr. Rives finally supplied at $24
a set, and a portion of the Diplomatic Corres-
pondence that he could not piocure. That the
books were delivered in one. of the, committee
rooms of the Capitol, received by Mr. ^aiiey,
Mr. Emei'ick, and others, and every set that was
brought in was examined. "Of coutse we did
not examine cverv volume thoroughly to see
whether it was imperfect or nor, because we could
not do that, if theie was any imperfeciion found,
we stood leady to make it light; so we do in all
other cases."
Mr Baiipy, who has been connected with the
Clerk's offi:e some ei^ht years, testifies that he
had charge of the book business after the 1st of
April, 1£57; that m the absence of the Clerk, and
under instructions from him to have everything
ri"-ht in the matter, and to see that the books
should be m a good condition, he gave his per-
sonal attention to receiving the books furnished
for the hbiaries, aided by Mr, Emerick; that lie-
attended to having the books packed and boxed
up, and sent to the hbranes; that he neither re-
ceived nor Nctilaway miy books that he knew were
not m good condition.
Mr. Robert Fi. E;hou testifies that, from the
20th of October to the 7th of December last, at
the instance and in the employ of John C. Rives,
he visited 32 public hbraues, m the States of In
