946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Agate from Oregon then, as the Cotntnittee on ,
Territories takes it now. I had then none of the '
statistics I have now referred to. I reported the j
enabling act which passed this House, but was de-j
feated in the Senate, on that information. By |
the last census taken in Oregon, her population |
was only forty-three thousand four hundred and :
seventy-two. That was three years ago. Does i
anybody believe that Oregon has doubled herpop-1
' ulation in three years ? j
Mr. LANE. It is four years, in May, since i
the census was taken.
Mr. GROW. Very well; four or five or six;,
does anybody believe that that far-distant Terri-1
tory has doubled its population in that time ? The i
census, showing this number of population, was i
taken in 1855. By the argument of the gentie- ,
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] I could-prove \
that New York city has, to.day, four hundred 1
milhop or more, of population. Take the num- !
ber of persons who first occupied Manhattan i
Island, and suppose in one year they increased j
ten thousand; then, on that ratio of increase, ap- |
plied from that day to this, she might have pop-1
ulatwn enough to fill the world. The gentleman's j
basis is not a very safe one to compute population \
by. The first settlements, in any new country,
increase at a much greater ratio for the first few '
years, than afterwards. The percentage in the
first instance, for-a given term, might be a hun-
dred per cent.; but when the population should
increase to millions, it would not do to apply a
corresponding percentage. The argument fails;
or if it proves anything at all, it proves too much,
which is as faulty in logic as if it did not prove
enough. But, sir, I will read from a letter of Mr.
Smith, one of the Senators elected under this con-
stitution for Oregon, published in. the Oregon
Statesman, of February 19, 1856, in Which he
says:
" We have, at present, an extensive territoiy with but
liftv thousand population, though capable of sustaining rail-
luma.''
And the editor estimates the population there
at about fifty thousand. Has the population in-
creased so much since? It was the interest of j
both, then, to estimate the population as high as i
possible, for the attempt was then making to in- !
duce the people of Oregon to apply for admission '
into the Union. That was a little over two years ;
ago.
Mr. LANE. Just three years ago.
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir; yet nobody will pre-
tend, I trust, that the population of Oregon lias :
doubled in three years. ,
But, sir, the question of population is not one 1
that solely controls my action. Yet before pass-!
nig from it, as the views of the minority of the
Committee on Territories embody my ideas as !
concisely as 1 could express them, I ask that the j
minority report be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
Views of a minority of the Committee on Territories on the i
application of the people of Oregon for admission into the ,
Union.
By section thiee, aiticle four, of the Constitution, it is i
provided that'* new States may be admitted by the Con- !
mess into the Union." The time, mode, and manner of ad- ;
mission ate, therefore, left by the Constitution wholly to the :
di-vn.uon of Congress. In the exercise theieof, States have
!><*< n admitted, some with, some without, a previous act of
Congas authorising the people of the Territory to form a
eonsuiutton and State govern men t. The Ten i tones of tiie
Umon- have titus been tiansformed into States without uni-
formity in the mode and manner of proceduie, and without
any uniform number of population—the whole subject of
piopuety O! admission having been lelt to the discretion of
Congiess at the time of the application of the proposed.
Mates.
Tiie two Houses of Congress, however, at their la-it se-<-
non, declared m their action on the application ior the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State, that its then existing popula-
tion was sufficient for us immediate admission into the
Union lis a blave State; but if its people were unwilling to
come into tiie Union with such a constitution, then they
wete authorized to elcct delegate? to form a constitution
and State government preparatory to their application for
- admission '• whenever, and not before, it is a^eei tamed, by
a census duly and legally taken, that the population ot said
Teintory equals or exceeds the ratio of representation ic-
qmred for a member of the House of Representatives* of the
Congress of the United States." Thatrestriction upon the
action of the people of Kansas received tha approval of the
President, atid is now a law upon the statute-book.
The President, not satisfied with his official approval of
the act at the time of its passage, takes occasion, in dis-
cussing the Kansas question m his annual message at the
opening of the present session of Congress, to say, relative
to the admission of Kansas as a State : " Surely it is not
unreasonable to require the people of Kansas to wait, before
making a third attempt, until their number of inhabitants
shall amount to ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty." •> •
Had Unreasonableness of this requirement suggested it-
self to the President in his message transmitting the Le-
compton constitution to Congress, much valuable time in
the legislation of the country might have been saved, and a
" dangerous " sectional agitation avoided.
The5.President, in the same annual message, also declares
that any attempt bv the panple of Kansas to form a State
constitution before the number of their population reaches
the requited amount, would be " in express violation of the
provisions of an act of Congress." and, in the judgment of
the President, therefore, could not lawfully be made. Should
it be attempted, judging of the future by the past conduct
of the Executive towards the people of Kansas, the Presi-
dent would declare it a case of rebellion or treason, and the
Army of the Republic would again be employed, under the
plea of preserving u law and order," to suppress constitu-
tional liberty in Kansas.
This is the first instance in the history of the Government
m which Congress has declared that the same population
that is recognized as sufficient for a slave State was not suf-
ficient for a. free one. And the Chief Magistrate of the Re-
public not only sanctions such a discrimination, but avows
his readine?s to insist on it in the execution of the laws, so
far as they affect the people of Kansas.
With this law on the statute-book, and with theseoffieial
declarations of the Fiesident, it is ptoposed to admit Ore-
gon into the Union with a population less than the number
lequired by this law, and, trom the best sources of infoim-
auon within the reach of vour committee, not exceeding, if
equal to, that of tiie Teiritory ofKansas.
The population of Oregon, l>y the census taken in 18oo,
was forty-three thousand four hundred and seventy-two,
(13,472) The largest vote polled at any election m said
Territory was ten thousand one bundled and twenty-one,
(10,121.) The total vote fur State officers, at the election
held on the first Monday of June last, was fen tnousand and
forty-nine, (10,049,) and lor a member of Congress, at the
same time, ten thousand one hundted and five, (10,10o.)
The total vote polled in Kansas two months later, 011 the
proposition submitted by Congress, sw certified by the board
of commissioners, was thirteen thousand and eighty-nine,
(13,089,) which did not include two bundled votes rejected
by reason of informality 111 the returns. So the onme vote
ofKansas, on the fir«t Monday of August last, was thirteen
thousand two hundred and eighty-nine, (10,289,) being
three uiou&and one hundred and eighty-four more than
were polled in Oregon.
The undcisigned minority of your committee arc unable
to appreciate the fairness or justice of this kind of legislation
towards the people of different Territoties, and arc unwill-
ing to give their sanction m any way to a discrimination as
to'the number of population required for a free or slave
State, and much less as to me conn oiling political charac-
ter of the proposed State.
The applications for both Kansas and Oregon to be ad-
mitted into the Union, were presented at the last session of
Congress. Neither had been authorized by a pieviou* act
of Congress to foim a constitution; so, 111 that inspect, they
were both alike. So far as could be ascertained, there was
little or no difference as to the number of their population.
Kacli had elected •' a State Legislatuie, and other officers,"
and, so far, they were alike prepared to enter the Union.
The only real d'fferencc that existed m the two ca*e<,
prior to the application for either, was, that Oregon had a
tern tonal Govern men t  otunsitisf<ietoiy to her pcoplu, and I
a Legislature chosen by her own citizens, while the tot 11- ;
tonal organization of Kansas was a usurpation by fiaud arid j|
force, and its political power has been w lelded by usurpers j j
and detpots. . ;;
Without expressing any opinion as to the propriety of a |
restriction on new Siates'as to population, if gem ial m it« j
chaiacter, or as to tne necessity Joi an\ previous act by j
Congiess authorr'tng the formation of a fctate govet mnent,
and without inquiring whetiiei the con-t:fiUion presented ^
by the people ofOtcgon is icpubhcan in form and eon tent : [
m it' provision* with the guaiantees of the Constitution of
the United States, so long as the lestnction on the action of ;;
the people of Kansas temains 011 the statute-hook, the, ad- <,
mission ofOie on would be an unjust di^'iium.atiou be- J|
tween the people of different Territories, if not an indorse- |.
ment of the odious distinction made m the >a'\ of the la^t
session of Congre-« against free jn^t'tiitions and free States. 1:
The undesigned imnonty of the committee therefoiA
recommend the lollou mg a^ an additional section to the bill i
repotted by the majotity
Be it further enacted, That so much of nr. act entitled ''
t£ An acr tor the admission of the State of Kitw.v- into the
Union," appioved the 4th dnv of May. A. J) l£3^. as pto- /
vides thatwhenever, and not befoie, it 1 - ascertained, by !;
a census duly and legally taken, that tue population of said .
Territory equals 01 exceeds the rttto of representation iv- '
qimod lor a niembei of the House of Representative-, of the ■,
t'ongrr^ of the United States." be. and the same is iieieby. '
repealed. GALf'SHA A. GROW, ' '
AMOS P. GRANGEtt.
CEIAUNCJCV L KNAP P. ■■
Mr. GROW. I shall propose, as an amendment '■
to the bill, the additional section at the close of j
. the report. I ask the House to be consistent >■
| with its action, anal to be faira'nd just to the peo- j
■ pie of all" the Territories of the union. Either lj
; take oft the lestnction on Kansas, or apply it to .
all the Territories. I would leave every appliea- ;
tion for the admission of a new State to bo acted :■
; on by Congress, under all the circumstanccs of
| the case, as presented at the time of the applica- |
tion. But Congress, at the last session, declared
before their population reaches the ninety-three
thousand requirement, what guarantee have we
that the cruel scenes of Kansas will not be re
enacted, under Executive approval, and Ameri-
can citizens be loaded again with chains, and
forced to drag out weary months in custody of
United States soldiers, for exercising the right
guarantied by the Constitution of their country,
peaceably to assemble, at all times, and peti-
tion the Government for redress of grievances?
While that restriction remains on the statute-
book, and this policy finds an advocate and de-
fender in the Executive of the Republic, no sanc-
tion of mine shall be given to admit a State into
the Union with a less population than that of
Kansas. While the action of this House wag
unjust to the people ofKansas, I will not aggra-
vate that injustice by any aid of mine, in.grant-
ing to another people, who have no wrongs to re-
dress, what was dented to them. This House,
when acting as a tribunal, should be consistent
with itself. But if it will not be, I will not aid
its inconsistencies. I promised to^ yield to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham} before clos-
ing my remarks, and I now do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. GROW. I wili hear the substitute read.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from Penn-^
sylvania cannot offer his amendment until the*
motion to commit has been withdrawn.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw his motion to commit until
the various amendments can be offered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am perfectly
willing to have them read; and, at the right time,
gentlemen may have an opportunity of offering
• their propositions.
; Mr. GROW. Very well. So that there shall
| be an opportunity to offer them in proper time,
1 that is all we want.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am perfectly
willing that all shall have an opportunity of being
offered. While I am up, I wiibsay to the House
that my desire is, that before we adjourn this
evening, the previous question shall be sustained,
so that we can dispose of the bill to-morrow
at—say, one o'clock. The debate can progress
this evening.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman front Georgia
proposes to allow these amendments to be all of-
fered, I am not particular as to the mode of doing
so. If the gentleman from Ohio desire to have
his substitute read, I will give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. Bijtgham's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing :
Whereas the people ofOreponhave framed, ratified,and
adopted a cons-Utution of State government preparatory to
then admisMOn into tjie Union as a State; and whereas
Kiid con?tiUition does not conform to the Constitution and
the laws of the United States. Therefore,
}*e it enacted hy the Sc.nate and House of Representatives
of r he United State* of Jimeiicain Congress assembled, That
the inhabitants of that portion of tiie Territoiy of Oiegon
which 1-* embraeed withm the following limits.to wit: Be-
ginning one marine league at sea due west fiom the point
where the forty-second patailel of north latitude intersects
the came ; thence northerly, at the same distance from the
hue of the coas^t, h mjr we-t and opposite tiie State, includ-
;nr?atl islands within tfic jurisdiction of the United States,
to a point due wc^t and oppo>itc the middle of the north
-,hip channel of the Columbia liver ; thence easterly, to and
up the middle ehnnnrl of '•aid 1 lver, and where it is divided
by i-i:m;K up the middle ot the widest channel thereof, to
a pn,nt near Fort Waiia- Walla, where the forty-sixth par-
allel of noun latitude croa-eo said nvet; thence east, on
>aid parallel, to tin- middle of the mam channel of the Sho-
sliones oi Snake river; thence up the middle of the main
ciianncl of said river, to the mouth of the Owyhee rivprj**
thence 4fcie 5- oath to tin- paiailel of latitude forty-two degrees
noith ; thence went, a'ons* said parallel, to the place okbe-
giiimng. „ „
53: u. *2. Jlml be it farther enacted, That the said State ot
Oresron shall have concurrent jurisdiction on the Columbia
and ai! oihei riven and wateis bordering on the said State
oi Oicgort. to fai ais the same shall form a common bound-
aiv to vu\l State and am* other State or States now or here-
affcr to be formed or bounded by tiie same; and said river
and waters.and tiie navigable waters leading into thesame
bliall be common highways, and forever free, as well to the
inhabitants of <-asd State as to all other citizens of the uni-
ted States, without any rax, duty, impost, or toll therefor.
Sec. 3. Jlnd ha it further'enacted, That on the first Mon-
day in October neKt the eitiiens of the Un'ted States who
a new doctrmc, and the President declares, in his j J are legal voters resident in each representative district then
message to Congress, that he wili see it enforced, }; exmina within the limits of the proposed State are 5l^eby
r a b 1 err a i c > authorized to elect two delegates for each representative to
so far as the people of Kansas are concerned. If ji aibtrictmay be entitled according w the appor-
that people, then, should proceed to form a con- .t tionment for representatives to the Territorial Legislature;
stUution, and a  1 foradmission asa free State, I! whicheieetionfordelegatesshailbeheldandconduotedjand
