326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2, 1859.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Debates of Congress.
Senate.
the existing engagement for the daily report and publication
of the debates of the Senate ; which was read.
Ori motion by Mr. Badger, "
Ordered, That  be referred to the Committee qu Print-
ing. '
(See Senate Journal, page 292, second session Thirty-
FirstCongress.)  
Ik the Senate op the United States, March 11,1851.
• Mr. Borland, from the Committee on Printing, to whom
w^s referred, the 10th instant, a letter from Messrs. Gales j
& Seaton,reported " that the committee be discharged from j
the further consideration thereof;" and the report was eon- 1
curredm. ' j
(See Senate Journal, page 293, second session Thirty- j
First Congress.)   |
In the Senate of the United States, January 20,1852. j
Mr. Norris submitted the following resolution for consid- j
eration: !
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is 1
hereby, authorized and instructed to audit, and from time
to time, to settle the account of John C. Rives foi the re-
ports of the Senate proceedings and debates published in
the Congressional Globe, at $7 50 per column.
(See Senate Journal, page 131, first session Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress.)  
In, the Senate of the United States, January 28,1852.
On motion by Mr. Norris, and by unanimous consent, the
vote ordering the resolution for settling the accounts for j
reporting the debates and proceedings of the Senate to be
engrossed and read a third time, was reconsidered.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the said resolu-
tion ; and having been amended on the motion of Mr. Nor-
ris, as follows:  
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is
heye^y, authorized and instructed to audit, and from time
to time to settle the account of John C. Rives for the re- f
ports of the Senate proceedings and debates published in j
the Daily Globe, at $7 50 per column: Provided, however,
That in auditing and settling such accounts nothing shall be
allowed for the publication of revised speeches, a report of
which has once been published, nor for messages and re-
ports from the executive offices of the Government, nor for
reports from committees oil he Senate.
Ordered, That the lesolution be engrossed and read a
third time.
Resolution passed, January 29,1852.
(See Senate Journal, pages 159 and 163, first session
Thirty-Second Congress.)
On the 8th December, 1853, Robert Armstrong
having* become the proprietor of the Union, in-
formed the Secretary of the Senate of his willing-
ness to continue the performance of the contract
made with Thomas Ritchie, August 11, 1848.
In the Senate of the United States, February 14,1854.
The President fro tempore laid before the Senate a letter
from Robert AimHrong, editor of "The Union," asking to
be relieved from his engagement to publish the proceedings
and debates of the Senate; winch was read.
On motion by Mr. Hamlin,
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
(Senate Journal, first session Thirty-Third Congress,
page 181.) ___
In the Senate op the United States, February 16,1854. 1
The President pro tempore laid before the Senate a letter
ftom Beverley Tucker and William M. Overton, publishers
ofthe " Washington Sentinel," proposing to assume the con-
tract for publishing the debates and proceedings of the Sen-
ate relinquished by Robert Armstrong; which was read.
Ordered, Thatit be referred to the Committee on Printing.
(See Senate Journal, first session Thirty-Third Congress,
page 189.) ,  
In the Senate of the United States, March 14,1854.
Mr. Hamlin, from the Committee on Printing, to whom
were referred the letter of Robert Armstrong, and the letter
of Beverley Tucker and William M. Overton, respecting the
publication of the debates and proceedings of the Senate,
reported thereon. v
On motion by Mr. Hamlin',
Ordered, Tlmt the report lie on the table.
(See Senate Journal, first session Thirty-Third Congress^
page 259.)  
In the Senate or the United States, May 18,1854.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
is hereby, directed to contract with the proprietor of the
"Globe" forfive thousand and twenty-two additional copies
of the ""Congressional Globe and Appendix" for the present
Congress.    
Office of the Secretary of the Senate
ofthe United States, June 13, 1854.
Sir: Your proposal of this day's date, "to furnish the
Senate five thousand and twenty-two additional copies of
the Congressional Globe and Appendix for this Congress,
commencing with this session, according to tho resolution
of the Senate, passed the 18th day of May, 1854, for the
original subscription pricc, six dollars a copy for along ses-
sion, and three dollars for a short one;" is accepted.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
ASBURY DICKINS,
Secretary of the Senate,
John C. Rives, Esq., Washington.
In thk Senate of the United States, August 6,1856.
Mr. Johnson submitted the following motion; which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to: i
Ordered, That each member of the Senate bo henceforth ,
supplied with tho same number of the " Congressional :
Globe and Appendix," and at the same price per copy as |
was supplied to the members of the Senate for the'last 1
Congress. !
*~~■ i
In the Senate op the United States, august 5^1855.
Mr. Brown submitted the following resolution for con-
sideration :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay from the 1
contingent fund of the Senate, to the proprietors of the i
Union, National Intelligencer,and Sentinel,tor publishing j
the debates and proceedings of the Senate for the last two 1
Congresses, and up to the conclusion ofthe present sessron, :
at the rate of $4 50 per column: Provided, That neither of i
&aid journals, which may have already been paid for any
portion of the above service, shall be again paid for the !
same. I
(See Senate Journal, page 550, first and second sessions j
Thirty-Fourth Congress.)
August 30,1856.
On motion of Mr. Cass,
The Senate proceeded to consider th« resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Brown on the 9th of August, making com-
pensation to the proprietors of the National Intelligencer,
Union, and Sentinel, for publishing the debates and pro-
ceedings of the Senate of the Thirty-Second and Thirty-
Third Congresses, and of the present session.
And the resolution was agreed to—yeas 18, nay«i 16.
(See Senate Journal, page 677, first and second sessions
Thirty-Fourth Congress.)
An act making appropriations for certain civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
paid to John C. Rives, by the Secretary of the Senate and
Clerk of the House of Representatives, out of the contin-
gent funds of the two Houses, according to the number of
copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix taken by
eaeh, one cent for every five pages of that work exceeding
three thousand pages for a long session, or fifteen hundred
pages for a short one, including the indexes aud the laws
ofthe United States, commencing with this session.
Approved, August 18, 1856.
Amount paid under above section:
For the first session, 34th Congress, 1855-56.. ..$10,263 48
For the third session, 34th Congress, 1856-57.... 1,476 10
For the first session, 35th Congress, 1857-58.... 10,211 52
The prices fixed by the Senate resolution of
August 7, 1846, appear to have been reported by
the Library Committee after a careful investi-
gation, and were subsequently adopted by the
House. The contract of December 5, 1846, with
Blah* & Rives, was made under and in accordance
with this resolution. The publisher of the Globe
had no connection with the daily publication of
the debates for the Senate until 1852, after several
other parties had failed to continue agreements to
publish them at the price paid the Globe. All
contracts and obligations in the matter, both of
reporting and publishing have been fully and
promptly executed by Mr. Rives. The reports,
both in the daily form and in the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, are furnished by him more
full and cheaper than similar work is had by any
Government in the world. The late chairman of
the Committee on Printing, (Mr. Johnson of Ar-
kanitffe) addressed letters to a number of editors
and publishers in this and neighboring cities, for
the purpose of ascertaining the cost per column
of publishing in their respective papers. Their
answe s show the average of their rates to be
more than double the amount paid Mr. Rives; one
only proposes to do it nominally cheaper. The
result of pastexperimentsupon the part of others
to do the work, even atMr. Rives's price, has not
been such as to encourage the Senate to become
a party to their renewal. If the reports and their
publication are to be continued, the committee are
unab le to perceive wherein the Senate or the Treas -
ury is to be benefited by any change of the pres-
ent plan. The experience of the past assures us
that no one can long report and publish them for
a less compensation than that now paid, and any
failure to continue them because such compensa-
tion is withheld will create danger of additional
expense, with no certainty that the work, if re-
sumed, will again be as fully and faithfully per-
formed.
As there is now ft a faithful performance of ex-
isting contracts," the committee deem no "new
provisions of law" necessary.
