LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-FIFTH CONGRESS
of tkb
UNITED STATES,
Passed, at the Second Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on Monday,
the 6th day of December, 1858, and ended on Thursday, the 3d day of March, 1859.
James Buchanan, President. John C. Breckinridge, Vice President, and President of the Senate. Benjamin Fitz-
patrick was appointed President of the Senate, -pro tempore, January 24, 1859, and so continued until February 10,
1859. James L. Okr, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chapter I.—An Act to continue the office of Re-
gister of the Land Office at Vincennes, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Uivted States of America inCongress
assembled, That to enable persons inteiested in
titles to land in the Vincennes district, Indiana,
to perfect the same, and for the transaction of
such other business as may require his services,
the office of register of the land office at that
place shall be continued for the period of three
years from and after the passage of this act, if,
in the opinion of the President of the United
States, the public interests so long; require ife
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the register, under directions from
the Secretary of the Interior to issue such patent
certificates, or other evidences of title, as may
from time to time be necessary, as the basis of
patents for the ancient private claims m that dis-
trict that have been recognized by various con-
firmatory laws, and that pnor to finally closing 1
the district, three months' public notice shall be
given thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That ^ re-
gister shall be appointed by the President under <
this act, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, which register shall be authorized to -
perform all such duties, both as register and re- ,
ceiver, as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Interior, and shall receive in full for the same a
salary of five hundred dollars per annum, arid such ,
fees for pieemption or bounty-land locations as ,
existing United States laws allow, and in making
transcripts of original papers for individuals, said j
register shall have a right to charge therefor, ac- 1
coiding to the tariff existing in the local courts :
of the district.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the offi- i
cor so appointed shall be required to reside at j
Vincennes, and to give bond for the faithful per- j
formance of his duties, the safety of the archives !
in his charge, and the public moneys which may
be received by him, in such penalty as the Pres-
ident of the United States mav deem ncccssary. j
Approved, December 21, 1858. *
Chap. V.—An Act to confirm the Land Claim of
ceitain Pueblos and Towns in the Territory of;
New Mexico. !
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- !
seniativesoftke United States of America in Congress ;
assembled, That the Pueblo laud claims in the Tor- ,
327
: ritory of New Mexico dosignated in the corrected
lists as—
A, Pueblo of Jemes in the county of Santa
Ana,
B, Pueblo of Acoma in the county of Valencia,
C, Pueblo of San Juan in the county of Rio
Ariba,
D, Pueblo of Picuris in the county of Taos,
E, Pueblo of San Felipe in the county of Ber- 1
nalillo,
F, Pueblo of Pecos in the county of San Mi-
gU'!l, j
G, Pueblo of Cochiti in the county of Santa
Ana, j
H, Pueblo of Santo Domingo in the county of]
Santa Ana, j
I, Pueblo of Taos in the county of Taos, j
K, Pueblo of Santa Clara in the county of Rio j
Ariba, !
L, Pueblo of Tesuque in the county of Santa |
Fe,
M, Pueblo of San Ildefonso in the county of
Santa Fe, 1
N, Pueblo ofPojuaque in the county of Santa
Fe,
reported upon favorably by the surveyor general
of New Mexico, in his report of the thirtieth of
September, eighteen hundiedand fifty-six, to the
Department of the Interior, and the claim desig-
nated as—
0, Pueblo of Zia in the county of Santa Ana, ■'
P, Pueblo ofSandia in the county of Bernalillo,
&, Pueblo of Isleta in the county of Bernalillo,
R, (supposed,) Pueblo of Nambe, j-
reported upon favorably by the said surveyor j
general, on the thirtieth of November, eighteen :
hundred and fifty-six. ]
Also, the claim— i
Number seven of the town of Tecolote in the
county of San Miguel, ,
Number eleven, of ihe town of Chihli in the ■
county of Bernalillo, #
Number thirteen, of the town of Belen in the
county of Valencia,
reported for the favorable action of Congress, by ;
the said surveyor general on the thirtieth of Sep- \'
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-e^ven: also "
the claim number two of the town of Tome re-
ported upon favorably by the surveyor genr ml jf l1
New Mexico in his report of the thirtieth of Sep- |,
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, to the j
Department of the Interior*, aUo the claim number j1
twenty-n'ine of the town of Casa Colorado, le- ii
ported upon favorably" by the surveyor general
of New Mexico in his report of thirty-first De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, to the
Department of the Tntenor, be, and they are
hereby, confirmed; and the Commissioner of the
Land Office shall issue the necessary instructions
for the survey of all of said claims, as recommend-
ed for confirmation by the aaid surveyor general,
and shall cause a pt\N>nt to issue therefor as in
ordinary eases to private individuals: Provided,
That this confirmation shall only be construed as
a relinquishment of all title and claim of the Uni-
ted States to any of said lands, and shall not affect
any adveise valid rights, should such exist.
Approved, December22, 1858.
Chap. VI.—An Act making Appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
year endmgthe thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of ike United States of America in Confess
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the JV11) j t;i rv Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty:
For pay of office;?, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, one hundred and fifteen thousand seven
hundred and eighty-six dollars.
For commutation or subsistence, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-one dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, sixteen dollars.
For pny m lieu of clothing; to ofricers'servants,
ono hundred and twenty dollars.
Foi curientand ordinary expenses,as follows:
repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus, for-
a<re, po-ta^e, stationery, transportation, piinting,
cleiks, miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
and depa: tments of instruction, thirty-five thou-
sand six hundred and ten dollars.
For gradual increase and expense of Kbrary,
ono thousand dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, three
thousand seven hundred and fifty doilais.
For fornix of ai idlery and ce, v airy hoises, seven
thousand fne hunched and forty-five dollars.
For supplying houses for artillery and cavalry
practice, one thousand dollar1!.
For tepairs of officers' quarters, five hundred
dollars.
