1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
the benefit of all with whom hia opinions and ex-
ample have weight, a declaration of Senator Sew-
ard, of New York, on this point. He says:
I do not think the matter of numbers is of importance
here. The numbers are estimated'at eighty thousand. The
present ratio of Representatives is ninety three thousand
four hundred and twenty. Eighty thousand is a practical
compliance even if thntrule. should-be enforced; but I shall
never consent to establish, for my own government, any ar-
bitrary luie with regard to the number of population of a
State."—Congressional Globe, vol. 36, part 2, page 1964.
I will say further, that as long ago as the 31st
of January, 1857, the House of Representatives
had a statement before it of the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, and in that capacity the organ and rec-
ognized "leader of the Republican party, on terri-
torial affairs, which I will read from the debate on
the enabling act for Oregon:
'•'The population of Oiegon, so far as the best inform-
ation which we have goes, consists of somewhere about
ninety thousand.'"—Congressional Globe, vol. 34, pageo20.
The same gentleman, [Mr. Griiuw,] after hav-
ing procured the passage through the House of
the enabling act upon this and othee statements
officially made as chairman of the Committee on
Territories, comes here, after a lapse of two
years, with his minority report, opposing the ad-
mission of Oregon, for want of sufficient popula-
tion, and has argued here to-day that Oregon has
not fifty thousand inhabitants! And at his back
come the men who aided in the passage of that
enabling act. When Kansas presented herself
before the Thirty-Fourth Congtess with her rev-
olutionary, Topeka constitution, the gentleman
and his party received her with open arms: he,
as chairman of the Committee on Territories, re-
ported in favor of her admission; and they, by
their votes, sustained Ins report.
From that report, I beg leave to read two pas-
sages to which the attention of the gentlemanfrom
Pennsylvania and his Republican brethren is re-
spectfully invited. Fust:
" But when their numbeis and wealth aie sufficient to
justify it, and the people desire to take upon themselves the
responsibility and expenses ot a State government, theie
is no longer any occasion for the guardianship ol Congieas,
and no leason why then lequest should bo delayed or le-
fused."
Second:
rtThe population of Kansas, from the most reliable
sources of information, is neatly ot cputeequal to the pre*- j
ent fi actional ratio for a member of Congress in the States,
and greater than the representative population of many of
the Elates at the time of their admission into the Union.
So theie can be no vaiid objection to her admission on ac-
count of insufficient population."
So that the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
his party stand fully committed to the position,
that u there can be no valid objection on account
of insufficient population," to the admission of a
State with the fractional ratio of fifty thousand
inhabitants.
Then why oppose the admission of Oregon,
which, according, to his own statement made to
the House, had ninety thousand inhabitants two
years ago?
The chief reliance of Republicans to justify
their opposition to Oregon before the country
seems to be the fallacious argument, that the Dem-
ocratic party having applied a restriction to Kan-
sas, it is right to apply the same to Oregon. I
would recommend to them to look after their own
consistency and leave the Democratic party to
take care of theirs.
And here I am reminded that this Topeka pre-
cedent covers another point in the case under con-
sideration—the question of free negro exclusion.
It is true, no such heresy as negro disabilities
was permuted to deform the fair face of that dar-
ling child of Republicanism, the Topeka consti-
tution, but the forbidden fruit was permitted to
Kansas, the favorite daughter, in a not less sub-
stantial form; and the vote which admitted Kan-
sas into the CJmon, under that instrument, must
have spoken into existence a Legislative Assem-
bly bound by imperative instructions to enforce
those disabilities by law.
Leaving, for the present, the question of popu-
lation, I will proceed to state what seem to me
the paramount claims of Oregon to admission.
Her organic act entitles her to admission with
sixty thousand inhabitants; and it is conceded on
all hands she has far more. Her application is
made, in fact, upon the invitation of Congress, as
already shown. She lies remote from the central
Government, upon adistant seaboard ;shchasbeen
for ten years in a territorial condition, and her
growth has been gradual,- healthy, and perma-
nent; she is at present an expense to the General
Government, and both able and.willing to sup-
port herself. Her people are all either Americans
or thoroughly Americanized; and her early set-
tlers held the country for us and established our
jurisdiction there, when it was in dispute, and
secured to this Confederacy a magnificent errrpire
on the Pacific. Her constitution is republican in
form, and made and ratified with great regularity
and unanimity by her people; and, finally, it was
well understood when the Kansas question was
settled, that no rigid application of the population
principle was to be enforced to the prejudice of
Oregon, whose application was then pending.
With respect to the constitution of Oregon,
against which so many objections are now urged
by the Republicans of this House, even Mr. Sew-
ard, of New York, who disapproves the disabil-
ities it imposes on free negroes, has said in the
Senate:
"They (the people of-Oregon) have made a constitution
which is acceptable to themselves; and a constitution which,
however much it may be criticised here, after all, complies
substantially with every requirement winch the; Congress
of the United States, or an> considerable portion of either
House of Congress, has ever moisted on, m regard to any
State.'5— Congressional Globe, vol. 30, part 3, page 2209.
If there be any southern Democrats in this
House, who, still unconvinced by the evidence
that has reached them, of'the fact that Oregon
contains ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty inhabitants, feci inclined to make a rigid
application of the representative ratio in this case,
and to vote against this bill for that reason, I en-
treat them to hear mo. I, perhaps, am as little
biased by inteiest, as little trammeled by popular
feeling, upon questions of this nature, as any man
in this body. I am in a position to be impartial
and independent. My race is run. The grass
grows green over my political grave, and 1 speak
as a voice from the -spirit-land. 1 stood side by
side with these gentlemen through the tiying
scencs of a long and turbulent session, in defense
of the principles and the integrity of the Demo-
cratic party. Having fallen at my post, in the
discharge of my duty, 1 am content. Now, I say
to these gentlemen, to this House, and to the
world, that I did understand, when sustaining
with my voice and my vote the ratio principle in
the English bill, that the pending application of
Oregon was not to be affected, imperiled, or cut
olT, by any question of population being sprung
upon her. So this matter is treated in the mes-
sage of the President, who says:
" Of course, it would be unju-t to give this m)o! a retto-
spcctive application and exclude a State which, acting upon
the pa^t practice of the (Jovennncnt, has already formed
its eon^tmuion, elected its Legislatuie and other oflieeis,
and is now prepared to enter the Union ""
When the Lecompton storm was at its worst;
when dissensions shook our councils, and defec-
tion thinned our ranks; when the common enemy
triumphed in our divisions and exulted in the
hope of our speedy and final defeat, who stood
forth more nobly or promptly to take his fortunes
with usin that memorable contest, than the gallant
gentleman who sits upon this floor as the dele-
gate from Oregon, and whose faithful and zealous
guardianship of her interests lias met with a mer-
ited acknowledgment in being chosen a Senator
for the new State? Is he'to be placed in the false
and suicidal attitude of aiding to establish a prin-
ciple which was to exclude his State from admis-
sion into the Union? Would that be a fit return
for his devotion and fearless advocacy of the
right? In the very speech which he made upon
the Kansas question, when rebuking some north-
ern Democrats for finding pretexts to oppose the
admission of slave States into the Union, he made
the following declaration, and I well remember it
was received with approbation by gentlemen from
the South:
" Ev'Piy southprn member nf the Ilou^e (said he) is jeady
to vote for the admission of Minnesota and Oregon without
slavery, and to live up to the doctrine that the people have a
right to settle their own institutions in their own way."—
Congressional Globe, volume 36, part 2, page 1396.
In the same speech, he expressed his conviction
that Oregon would be speedily admitted.^ Her
application was then pending. If the question of
population was to be made upon her, and a rigid
enforcement of the representative ratio required,
did not candorand fairness demand that itshould
then have been made known? As the applica-
tions of these two Territories, Kansas and Ore-
gon, were both pending at the same time, I have
confidently looked forward to the day when Ore-
gon, a free State, would bo admitted by the uni-
ted votes of the Democratic members of this
House, North and South, to furnish to the coun-
try a conclusive answer to the miserable pretense
of our opponents with which they seek to preju-
dice the public mind—that we have one rule for
a slave State, and another for a free State.
I .believe I know something of the southern
people. An appeal to their patriotism and sense
of honor will not be made in vain. Vote, then,
for the admission of Oregon, and tell the people
of the South that, whether well-founded or not,
the impression was firmly seated in the northern
mind, that honor and good faityjon the part of
the South, required it; and tell them, too, that
the voices of northern martyrs came to you from
the political spint-Iand, beseeching you not to
give aid and comfort to the enemy, in ffie rejec-
tion of Oregon, but, by extending to her a cordial
welcome, strengthen sullfurthei the integrity and
nationality of the Democratic party, which is the
only remaining hope of tho country.
It seems to me, that every consideration which
ought to prevail with enlightened statesmen, de-
mands the immediate admission of Oregon. It is
our obvious policy to build up at once power-
ful States on the Pacific. Their growth should
be stimulated, their government strengthened,
and their affections drawn to us by every legiti-
mate means. We have an empire there, traversed
by the pathways of commeice and destined at
some future day to bo the abode of millions. It
is both our interest and our duty to establish
there powerful and self-sustaining State govern-
ments, and to seize the gateways of the Isthmus
and the island that commands the gulf, and hold
them against the diplomacy or the arms of the
World. The admission of Oregon, as a State of
the Union, is btrt one step m a policy demanded
by our security as a nation, and which should
never stop short of commanding the symmetrical
outline essential to our strength and indicated by
nature for tho preservation of our interests and
our supremacy upon this continent. The people
are prepared for this policy; surely the Represent-
atives of the people can give it their support. I
trust this bill may pass. Its defeat will be agriev-
ous wrong to the people of Oregon, a severe blow
to the Democratic party, and a great calamity to
our whole country.
Mr. WILSON. Was not my colleague de-
feated upon the ground that he sided with the
Administration and its measures? Did not two
thirds, at least, of the Democratic candidates of
Indiana repudiate the English bill?
Mr. HUGHES. The other Democratic candi-
dates that are alive or dead, politically, may speak
for themselves; I speak for myself only. I was
defeated because, to be brief, the great Republican
party first marched up the hill and supported the
Montgomery amendment and formed a coalition
with the Douglas men, and then marched down
again. 1 did Ptand by the Administration and
the English bill, and intend to do so to tho end.
A division in my own party caused the election
of a Republican, who received a minority of the
votes given. The candidate of the Republican
party came before the people of my district-and
repudiated the cardinal principle of that party.
He said that it was not, and never*had been, a
principle of the Republican party that no more
skive States should come into the Union. He said
that ho would vote for a slave State; and that he
would vote for tho admission of Oregon. And,
when I predicted to the people there the scene in
which we have been engaged to-day, that it would
as surely take place as Congress convened; that
his party would endeavor to establish the doctrine
which they cherished at heart—the doctrine of
negro equality—he repelled the charge with em-
phasis; but this day, sir, has fulfilled my proph-
ecy, and shown that they advocate a doctrine
upon which they cannot stand for one hour in the
State of Indiana.
(APPENDIX.
House of Representatives, December 15,135S.
To the Committee on Territories:
In iclanon to the population ofOreqon, I have to gay,
that I have no means ot knowing the exact mnnoer of our
i nhabitauto, butfiom a thorough Knowledge of the country,
having beenin all settled portions of that Teiritory, I have
no hesitation in sayma, m believing, that oui population is
very nearly equal to the ratio upon which representation is
