950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
based ; and in my judgment, it is very safe to say, if we
have not the exact number to entitle us to a Representative
in Congress, that it is a very small Iraefmn below.
Very truly yours, JOSEPH LANE.
Hon. Alexander B. Stephens, Chairman.]
Mr. NICHOLS. Do I speak in my own time,
or in what is left of the time of the gentleman from
Indiana? I have the floor, I believe.
The SPEAKEPv. The gentleman has the floor.
Mr. HILL. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I ask to have read an amend-
ment, which I .will offer at the proper time.
Mr. NICHOLS. I yield for that purpose.
The amendment was read, as follo.w^:
Amend by striking out all after the word "That," in sec-
tion one, and inseit the following 111 lieu iftereot; and fctrilve
out section three: , , 31 ,,
Whenever it ia%seer!atned by a census, duly and legally
taken, that the pojiulauon of the Territory of Oregon equals
or exceeds the rauo of repiesemation inquired for a mem-
ber of the flou>e of Representatives of the Congress ot tl'.e
United States, Oregon shall lie received into the Union on
an equal footing wi;ii (lie other States in all respects what-
ever, with the following boundaries: In order that the
boundaries of the State i
pav the expenses of her territorial government. We are ||
bound to protect her. We are bound to have that care of j>
Iter which a parent has over her child. When the people
there have become sullictently numerous, and desire a State j;
government, it is our duty to give them what they aslc." j;
That is the language of my venerable colleague, :!
upon that question; and I propose now to discuss
tiiis question in reference to the points then made
by him—and he always makes his points clearly, ji
when he addresses tins House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Twill merely say to my
colleague, that I could not vote for the admission
of Oregon with a constitution which, in my opin- 1
ion, was not in conformity to the Constitution of j1
the United States. ;!
Mr. NICHOLS. Unquestionably; that is a ■
point which must be taken into consideration, i'
and it is one which I propose to discuss before I
conclude my remarks. I would not vote for a ,
question which, in my judgment, contravened the :
Constitution. But I start out with the remarks of
my colleague as a text, delivered by him when
the enabling act to authorize the people of the
:« may be known and established,-it is ji Territory of Oregon to form a constitution and
eelared that the State oi Oiegon shall j! n. . o-rtvofmnont r rpn«ratnrv t.n their admission
Beginning one marine
hereby ordained and declared
be bounded as follows, to wit:
league at sea d'uc wes-t from the point vsheie the foity-sec-
ond parallel of north latitude intersects the same ; thence
northerly, at the same distance from the line of the coast,
lying west and opposite iho State, including al! islands
within the jurisdiction of the L'nited States. to a point due
west and opposite the middle ot the not tliship channel of the
Columbia river; tiiencc easterly to and up the middle chan-
nel of said river, and. where it is divided by elands, up the
middle of the widest'channel tnereof, to a point near Fort
Walla-Walla, whoie the iorty-s iuh parallel of noith lati-
tude crosses said river; tlience cast, on said paiallcl, to the
middle of the mam chaunol of the Shos-hones or Sinke
river ; thence up the middle of the mam channel ot said
river to the mouth of the Owyhee nver j thence due south
to the parallel of latitude fony-two degress north; thcnce
west, along said parallel, to the place of beginning, mclud
ing jurisdiction in civil and cumitia! cases upon th'i Colum-
bia river and Snake river, concurrently with States and
Terntories of winch those rivers form a boundary in com-
mon with this State.
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, in the discus-
sion of this question I propose to b« governed by
such considerations as have presented themselves
to my own mind, and by my own judgment alto-
gether. The speech of the gentleman who has
preceded me, [Mr. Hughes,] I regret, in many
of its parts, very much. It appeais to me that it
has been his aim to give to the question of the ad-
mission of the State of Oregon a purely partisan
cast. Against such a conclusion, I, as a member
of that party which he designates the Republican
party, most earnestly and emphaticully protest. I
think! may say that no formal conclusion on this
question has been arrived at by the Republican
party. I say here, now, that I think it is much
better for gentlemen occupying a position on this
floor, as high and honorable Representatives, to
await the votes of g'entlemea heie, than to adopt
the paragraphs of sensation writers from this Cap-
itol. Gentlemen had better wait and see what the
vote will be—-the vote of this side and of the other
side, and of all parties: because we have more
than two parties here. That we are to decide this
question in a party sense, 1 altogether repudiate.
It has nothing to do with party.
I come to the simple, plain letter of the Const!
State government,preparatory to their admission
into the Union, was before this House. The -
questions which my colleague put then, I under- r
stand to be the questions for us8 to decide now. s;
Are the people of Oregon seeking admission into j
the Uniorf as a State? Arc they prepared to as- ;
same the responsibility of a State government?
Are they anxious for admission into the Union ?
If they are, then the question arises upon the con-
stitution which they submit.
Now, upon the first point, afteran elaborate ;
debate, some three years ago, in this House, the
gentleman from Virginia, now a candidate for the ■
Governorship of that State, [Mr. Letcher,] and :
myself, then occupying adjoining seats m the
House, prepared and digested an amendment to
i be offered to that enabling act. I then heard no
I dissent to the passage of that act. All parties
! were then willing that the people of Oregon should
j hold a convention to form their constitution and
; State government. The bill was reported from
! the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union, and so strong was it in the House that not
! a single gentleman even demanded the yeas and ;
: nays upon its passage. It passed absolutely with-
j out opposition; and, so far as this House was con-
I cerned, permission was given to the people of Or-
| cgon to' form a Constitution and State govern-
1 ment. It is true that the enablingact did not pass
j the Senate, for want of time; but the Representa-
■ tives of the people, the two hundred and thirty-
j four Representatives of the people, and the only
| branch of the national Government responsible
i only to the people, pronounced a verdict upon
| that subject, and decided that the people of Ore-
! gon had their sanction to proceed to organize a
j State government preparatory to their admission
! into the Union.
I Sir, they have formed a constitution and State
I government in accordance with your sanction,
; and they now ask for admission into the Union
; as a State. Now, sir, what are the opinions of
, gentlemen upon this floor upon the subject of her
... . * -' , , r, _ ,1 admission? I see here no majority report. I see
tution, and find a clause authorizing the Confess i| rep0rtSigncd by three gentlemen who are mem-
nf thfr TTmtpd Ktatpsj M anmtr States into t.he IJ nion 1 0 ,i -it i i i r*u
hers of this House, and also members of the com-
of theUnited States to admicStates into the Union
with certain limitations, which are well under-
stood, or at least ought to be well understood, by
every gentleman on this floor. Undei standing it
in this sense, the application of the people of
Oregon for admission into the Union commends
itself to me, not as a parly question, but as a ques-
tion of propriety, of expediency, and of consti-
tutionality. Unquestionably we have the power
to admit Oregon. Then, is it expedient, is it pol-
itic, to admit the State into the Union at this time?
This is the question now before the House, and
before the Congress of the United States. I, for
one, without legard to any extraneous question
whatever, am prepared to vote for the admission
of Oregon into the Union; and, inasmuch as I am
a young member on this floor, I propound now
to gentlemen on this side of the House these in-
terrogatories; Is it asceitaiued that the people of
Oregon desire to assume the responsibility of a
State government? That is the point. Let me
asc the language of my venerable colleague, [Mr.
Giddtnos,] and invite his attention to it, for I de-
sire to have his concurrence on this question:
"Are the people of Oregon capable of sustaining a State
government ? Do they a*k a State government r While a
Territory, she is under our protection. Wc aie bouud to
i' mittee which reported this bill. I find another
j! report signed by a single member of this House,
'' who is also a member of the,Committee on Ter-
t; ritones. What are the objections which are pro-
, posed? Why, sir, most mysteriously tome, most
j, singularly to me, they are in direct opposition to
j the record made by these gentlemen, with one
j: exception, on the same subject, during the last
j! Congress.
ji Outside of that record, I find that after your
jj permission has been given, after a constitution
p has been formed, after the people have passed
|j upon that constitution, it is now proposed to
place upon the bill for her admission the propo-
!; sit'on which was incorporated into the act for the
j| admission of Kansas into the Union, which was
 ' incorporated therein evident defiance of the sense
|; of the people of the country. But, sir, I do not
j! propose to take up the time of the House longer
I; by discussing this question of population. Your
ij Constitution gives to the legislative body of the
jj country the right to admit new States into the
1] Union. It prescribes the qualifications and con-
l! ditions upon which they may be admitted. No
!! State can be formed within the jurisdiction of an-
other State, nor may any State be formed by the
junctions of two or more States or parts of States,
without the cousent of the Legislatures as well
as the consent of Congress,. The question of pop-
ulation, and all other questions, outside of the
Constitution, are referred to the sound discretion
of Congress, to the judgments of members here
whose votes shall determine the question of ad-
mission. And in reference to the doctrine of pop-
ulation which was inaugurated in the last session
of Congress, and which it is sought to perpetuate
here, I will never subscribe to any suc'h test as
was imposed then, or is sought to be imposed
now. The admission of a State into the Union,
its propriety, and expediency, may be governed
by circumstances which are entirely beyond your
control. Now, sir, let me call the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] to the
opinions expressed by him upon the enabling act
for Oregon in the last Congress.
Says the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
I propose to refer to the remaiks of the gentleman from
Tennessee. There is a table appended to this report, which
wa.-s compiled? with much care, taking the only authentic
information that we had of the population—namely: the
census immediately preceding the admission of the Slate.
This was as near as we could arrive at the true population.
Now you will there find that the population of Michigan
was 31,000, by the census which immediately preceded her
admission, while the ratio of representation was 47,000.'
Iowa, when she was admitted, had a population of 43,106,
when tile ratio of i epresentation was 70,030. Wisconsin
had, according to the census immediately preceding her ad-
mission, a population of 30.940, when the ratio required was
70,660.
" But gentlemen can rufet to the table themselves, and I
will no;, therefoie, take up time in doing so. The figures
are compiled from the census immediately preceding the
time-ofthe admission of these States.
lk To answer the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walk-
er.] that n is an inequality of representation which we
, ought not to allow I U gentlemen take the ground that a
I Territory must be kept m her state of pupilage until she
I shall m every case have the population required undeT the
1 apportionment ot repiesentation for States, it will be but a
| few years—in view of the rapidly-increasing population of
; the country, unless you greatly enlarge the representation
! on this floor—before the latiomay double what it is atpres-
\ ent; and do gentlemen propose to lay down the rule that,
; when it will lequue a population of two hundred thousand
i ta send a member to this flnu^e, a Tenitory must be kept
j in a state of vassalage until it shall have that population ?"
Now, sir, tlie gentleman furnishes for himself,
here, arguments to answer his own report. The
grounds of that report I shall consider hereafter.
I look for the rule which we are to adopt in the
admission of new States, and I find it in the re-
marks of the gentleman which I have quoted. I
do not care when or where presented, this House
! has never insisted upon any arbitrary rule in re-
spect to population, but it has always been gov-
erned by its own discretion. It has never been
governed by any other rule than that prescribed
by the Constitution. It has never been controlled
by any other than the strict constitutional rule,
which prescribes no test in regard to population.
! But I have not done with the argument of the
\ gentleman from Pennsylvania; I am compelled,
I from considerations of my own, to dissent from
his conclusion.
I respond, sir, to the inquiry proposed by my
friend from Pennsylvania, when this enabling act
lt was under consideration in this House. I agree
jj with him in the conclusions then expressed. Now;
| I put this interrogatory to the House: What are
j your territories' How are they governed ? Where
!' does the power for their government spring from ?
ij Not from the inherent sovereignty of the people
!' in the Territories themselves, but from the mher-
!j ent sovereignty of the people of the whole Union,
ji The sovereignty of a Territory is in abeyance on
■' the people of the whole Union in trust for the
;; people of that Territory until they assume the
;i functions of a sovereign and independent State.
! In the mean time, what is necessary for their ac-
i commodation ? Their protection is within the
!j discretion of Congress—the representative of that
; power which holds the sovereignty. I adopt the
■ I maxim of those early law-writers, the early com-
if mentators of the Constitution, that when you
i j keep a Territory in a long state of pupilage or
I j vassalage, and dependent upon the General Gov-
ernment, you subject the people of that Territory
to the influence engendered by the office of the
Executive of the Union, and the appropriations
diffused amongst them by Congress. You bring
■i to bear upon them a controlling power, so far as
II their decision is concerned. Whenever they as-
ji sure me, in any legitimate way, that they are
il willing to assume the functions of a State govern-
