m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February %
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For models for th« department of cavalry, two
hundred and fifty dollajg.
For extension of w^ter pipes and increase of
reservoir, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
one hundred and fifty dollars.
For furniture for hospital for cadets, one hun-
dred dollars.
For urinary conduits for cadet barrack yard,
with service, five hundred and fifty dollars.
For addition to latrines, or privies, in cadet bar-
rack yard, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For latrines, or privies, at cadet camp ground,
five hundred and fifty dollars.
For sewers to river from sappers, dragoons,
artillery, and band barracks, one thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For iron girders to give additional strength to
academic building, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
Approved, January 12,1859.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to repeal an Act entitled
" An Aet authorizing the Secretary of th'eTreas-
ury to change the Names of Vessels in certain
cases, approved the fifth of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled, " An act author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the names of vessels in certain cases," approved
fifth March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
six, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, January 17, 1859.
Chap. X.—An Act to authorize the President to
make advances of Money to Hiram Powers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That out of the moneys heretofore ap-
propriated by law to enable the President of the
United States to contract with Hiram Powers for
certain statuary, the President shall be, and here-
by is, authorized to make such partial payments
in advance as he shall deem fit.
Approved, January 19, 1859.
Chap. Xr.—An Act authorizing the issue of Re-
gisters to the Steamships America and Canada,
and to change the Names of sajd Steamships.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
issue registers for the steamships America and
Canada, now lying in the port of New York, and
that the names of said ships be changed to the
Mississippi and Coatzacoalcos; and said ships
shall hereafter be considered and deemed to be
ships or vessels of the United States, and entitled
to all the rights and privileges accorded by law
to ships or vessels built in the United States:
Provided, That this act shall not go into effect
until due proof shall be made to the satisfaction
of said Secretary that said vessels are wholly
owned by citizens of the Unite'd States, or by an
incorporated company entitled to receive registers
for ships or vessels under the provisions of exist-
ing laws.
Approved, January 19, 1859.
special sessions of the circuit court of the United
States in said State, wh-ich shall be convened by
the presiding judge of the said court, it shall be
lawful for the court to. eritet-tain jurisdiction and
transact business in the same manner, and with
the same force and effect as at a regular term of
said court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall continue in force until the fowth day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and no
longer.
Approved, January 25, 1859.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to provide for holding the
Courts of the United States in the State of Ala-
bama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- ||
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress /
assembled, That in case of sickness or other rlisa- l!
bility of the district judge of the district courts j
of the United States m the State of Alabama, it '
shall be lawful for the justice of the Supreme [;
Court of the United States for the fifth judicial ij
circuit, upon notice thereof from the judge or mar- |j
shal of the said distnet courts, to hold any of said !
district courts at the regular term thereof, or at \
such special terms as he may appoint for that;
purpose. i!
Se'c. 2. And be it further enmted, That at any II
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the enforcement of
Mechanics* Liens on Buildings, and so forth,
in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any person who shall hereafter,
by virtue of any contract with the owner of any
building, or with the agent of such owner, per-
form any labor •upon, or furHish any materials,
engine, or machinery, for the construction or re-
pairing of such building, shall, upbn filing the
notice prescribed in section second of this act,
have a lien upon such building and the lot of
ground upon which the same is situated, for such
labor done, or materials, engine, of machinery
furnished, when the amount shall exceed twenty
dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any per-
son wishing to avail himself of this act, whether
his claim be due or not, shall file in the office of
the clerk of the circuit court for the District of
Columbia, at any time after the commencement
of the said building, and within three months after
the completion of such building or repairs, a no-
tice of his intention to hold a lien upon the prop-
erty declared by this act liable to such lien, for
the amount due or to become due to him, specifi-
cally setting forth the amount claimed. Upon his
failure to do so, the lien shall be lost. The clerk'
aforesaid shall file and record such notice in a
book provided for that purpose.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That such lien
shall cease to exist at the expiration of one year
after the completion of the building or repairs,
unless, before that time, an action to enforce the
same shall have been commenced in the said cir-
cuit court by the person having such lien against
the owner with whom.or with whose agent the
contract was made, unless such claim be not due
at the expiration of one year after such comple-
tion, in which case the action shall be commenced
within three months after the same shall have
become due.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
complaint of the plaintiff shall contain a brief
statement of the contract on which the claim is
founded, the amount due thereon, the time when
the notice was filed with the clerk, the time when
the building was completed, if it be completed,
with a description of the premised, and any other
material facts, and shall pray that the premises
may be sold, and the proceeds of the sale applied
to the discharge of the lien.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
summons shall be served as in other cases, or,
instead of service by publication, it may be made
by delivering a copy thereof to the person in pos-
session of the premises. If the defendant shall
have sold or disposed of the premises before the
service of the summons, the court shall direct
notice of the proceedings to be served on the
purchaser, or his agent for the premises, who may
thereupon, if he desire it, be made a party defend-
ant in the action.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pro-
ceedings in an action to enforce such lien shall be
the same as in other actions, except as otherwise
provided in this act; and if judgment be rendered
for the plaintiff, he may have execution issued
against the premises, and thereupon the marshal
shall proceed as upon other executions upon real
property.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatjthe liens
created in pursuance of the provisions of this act
shall have precedence over all other liens or in-
cumbrances which attached upon the premises
subsequent to the time at whieh said notice was
given. If, upon a sale «f the premises on execu-
tion, the proceeds be insufficient to pay all such
liens, the court shall order them to be paid in
proportion to the amount, respectively, due to
each, and any other property of th:e defendant not
exempt from execution, may be sold to satisfy
such execution.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if the
building be on any land lying outside of the cor-
porate limits of Washington city and George-
town, the land upon which the same is erected,
together with the space around the same, not
exceeding five hundred square feet clear of the
building, shall also be subject to the said lien, if
the said land, at the time of the erection or repair
of such building, shall have been the property of
the person contracting for the erection or repair of
the same. If the building be in Washington city
or Georgetown, the ground on which the same
is erected, and a space of ground equal to the front
of the building, and extending to the depth of the
lot or lots on which it is erected, shall also be
bound by the said lien, subject to the foregoing
proviso. •
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all or any
number of persons, having liens on the same
building, pursuant to the provisions of this act,
may join in one action, but their claims shall be
stated distinctly as in a separate action, and the
judgment shall show the amounts to which they
are respectively entitled. If several such actions
be brought by different claimants, and be pending
at the same time, the court may order them to ba
consolidated.
SEqjktO. .And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any person having a lien, by virtue of the
provisions of this act, shall have received satis-
faction for his claim, and the cost of his proceed-
ings thereon, he shall, upon the request of any
person interested, and upon the payment or tender
of the costs of entering satisfaction, within six
days after such payment or tender, enter satisfac-
tion of his demand in the office of clerk aforesaid;
and upon failure to do so he shall forfeit and pay
fifty dollars to the party aggrieved, and all dam-
ages which he may have sustained in consequence
of such failure or neglect.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all
proceedings commenced under this act the defend-
ant may file a written undertaking, with Surety to
be approved by the court, to the effect that he will
pav the judgment that may be recovered, and
cosfft and thereby release his property from the
lien hereby created.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That iny
person, having possession of the same, who shall
make, alter, repair, or bestow any labor on any
article of personal property, at the request of the
owner or lawful possessor thereof, shall have a
lien on such property so made, altefed, or re-
paired, or upon Which labor has been bestowed,
for his just and reasonable charges for the labor
he has performed and the materials he has fur-
nished; and such person may hold and retain
possession of the same until such just and reasbn-
able charges shall be paid; but if possession pass
from such person by his conscnt, the hen shall
cease.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That thepro-
visions of section twelve of this act shall not in-
terfere with any special agreement of the parties.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the act
entitled " An act to secure to mechanics and
others," &c., approved March second, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, and all other acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed,
and this act shall take effect from the date of its
passage.
Approved, February 2, 1859.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act to provide for the Light-
ing with Gas certain Streets across the Mall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the sum of six thousand four hun-
dred dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for laying down gas pipes
and erecting gas lamps on Four-and-a-half street,
Seventh street, and Twelfth street, across the plat
of earth described in the plwn?f the city as reser-
