1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
ment, to 'administer their own affairs, I am will-
ing to give them a State government. ' This is the
view I take, and which controls me in reference
to the admission of Oregon. These people have
manifested their desire to cbme into the Union.
Could they have done it in a stronger manner?
Why should gentlemen upon this side of the
House say that there is not a sufficient population ?
Mr. MORGAN. No, sir; not one.
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes, sir; hero is a minority
report which says so. This is one of the reasons
why I have so answered; and by that answer I
am prepared to stand.
Now, what are the other considerations ? The
next objection, according to this report, is that
the constitution of Oregon prescribes the rules.of
alien suffrage. In my judgment, Mr. Speaker,
the general laws of naturalization throughout the
Union are one thing, and the right of suffrage
prescribed by the States is another, and an en-
tirely different thing. The people of Oregon have
said that to a certain class of the population they
are willing to give the right of suffrage. The laws
of emigration and the laws of naturalization are
a fair subject for discussion here, and if they are
defective they may be amended. But I insist that
the right of suffrage and its prescription, and the
rules m which it shall be exercised, are to be de-
termined by the laws of the States and of the lo-
calities alone. Do not my colleagues know very
well that in the State winch we represent an alien
has the right of suffrage in regard to a great many
questions of taxation, and those which determine
our social position? Can we, then, object to the
admission of Oregon because her constitution
regulates this question ? I say that, holding the
doctrines which I hold, we cannot.
What, then, is the next ground on which the
application of Oregon is asked to be rejected ? Ac-
cording to the report of my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, it is because a dominant party in this na-
tion—that-party which has the Executive and the
Senate, and which, aftera struggle memorable in
the .political history of the Government, secured a
majority m this House—has interposed a rule in
respect to Kansas which gentlemen conceive to
be objectionable a>nd improper. Therefore, they
say that until this rule be rescinded, until it be
abrogated by a repeal of that clause in regard to
Kansas, 110 other State shall be admitted into the
Union. Now, I ask the gentleman fiom Pennsyl- j
vania, and I ask my colleague, if we did not go ,
home to the people whom we represent,and sub- j
mit to them the question whether it was proper
to make that test? It is true we discussed it in
connection with other questions. It is true that
we said the Executive had proposed to admit a
State with certain institutions, and that Congress
had imposed a proposition against her being ad-
mitted with other institutions. We said that when
Kansas presented herselffor admission under her
constitution, whether as a free State 01 not, it
was right to admit her, without reference to her
population.
But what is this proposition ? It is for the ad-
mission of a free State; ai?d the reportof the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania assumes now that, un-
less we go back and remove that restriction from
Kansas, we should not grant the application of
Oregon. I Cannot assent to that. I say that, with-
out reference to the clause admitting Kansas, I
will vote for the admission of Oregon. But to-
morrow, or to-day, or at any time, when I have
the power of voting for the admission of Kansas
as a free State, I am prepared to give that vote
and bring her into the Onion as a sister of this
great Confederacy, without reference to her pop-
ulation. I shall make no such test as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania proposes. His argument
looks as if he were asking this Congress to per-
petrate one wrong to justify the perpetration of
another. He says he wants gentlemen to be con-
sistent with themselves. I deal with this question
as it is presented to me by the Constitution, and
have nothing to do with the inconsistencies of
gentlemen on the other side of the House.
As a single example of the inconsistency of the
other side, of the House, I refer to the record of
this House for the last three weeks, when they
have shown that if left to themselves they could
not carry on the Government. Instead of devoting
themselves to carrying out the great principles of
Government, they have given us an exhibition of
wrangling here ever boxes for members to carry
home the books which serve to further legisla-
tion here, and which form a part of their effects,
guided by an economy which I do not regard as
the proper spirit of economy. With a nominal
majority-of thirty-odd in this House, they can
scarcely muster more than from forty to sixty
votes upon any recommendation of theiP'Presi-
dont.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not desire
to interrupt the gentleman from Ohio, but I have
been inquired of by a number of gentlemen to
know when the vote is to be taken 011 this bill. I
propose that by the unanimous consent of the
House that the previous question shall be called
on Saturday next at one o'clock. Gentleman can
then go on and discuss this question to-day, to-
night, all night, if they please, to-morrow and to-
morrow night. Let it be considered as the special
order for to-morrow and the next day, so that it
shall not be set aside by private business. -
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman from Georgia to withdraw his mo-
tion to commit, and allow amendments to be of-
fered. Then I shall have no objection to the prop-
osition of the gentleman.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will with-
draw the motion to commit 011 Saturday morning.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would suggest
to the gentleman from Georgia that by general
consent this bill be made the special order, which
will keep it before the House; then he may with-
draw his motion to commit, and allow the sev-
eral motions to amend to bo made.
|| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly; I
have no objection to that arrangement. I pro-
pose, then,oy general consent, it shall be under-
stood that the previous question shall bo moved
on Saturday; and with that understanding, I will
withdraw the motion to commit.
Mr. COBB. I do not wish to consume two days
in the discussion of this subject; but as 1 am in-
formed that I cannot facilitate the matter by ob-
jecting to this arrangement, I will withdraw my
objection.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I must interpose my
objection to this arrangement. This bill has been
before the public for two sessions, and any dis-
cussion that may take place in this House will
not change the vote of a single member.
Mr. D/WIS,of Indiana. 1 appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. CRAIG) °f Missouri. If the gentleman
withdraws his objection I will renew it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Now. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
yield further. I was talking about the consist-
ency of the other side of the House, and 1 do not
ask for a better exhibition of it than that which
has just taken place during this slight digression. I
was saying, when interrupted, that it was apparent
from the course of legislation, and from the course
of general proceedings, that there is 110 majority
in this House belonging to any particular party,
or in favor of any particular thing. No majority
of that kind has been mustered 111 this Hull. I
was sm prised and pained to hear the gentleman
fiom Indiana [Mr. Hughes] put this proposition
111 anything like a partisan shape. Sir, I tell you
that when'the vote comes to be taken upon this
bill, that vote will disclose the fact that the ques-
tion docs not assume anything like a partisan
shape. I spsak unhesitatingly, and the result
will bear out what I say.
Now, sir, in reference to the question of the
consistency of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who, in the last session, was protesting against
prohibiting the admission of a free State with a
population of less than ninety-three thousand, I
ask the gentleman to be consistent with himself.
If it was wrong then to prohibit the admission of ]
a free State under these circumstances, it is wrong i
now, and especially where two or three years ago
you gave your assent to the formation of a con-
stitution and State government preparatory to the
admission of Oregon into the Union.
Mr. GROW. 1 desire to correct the gentleman.
I have no wish to interruptthe gentleman; butas
the passage by this House of the Oregon enabling
act has'been referred to repeatedly as an act of
Congress, I desire to say that no such act was
passed by Congress.
Mr. NiCHOLS. Very well, then, ft received
t-he sanction of the popular branch of the Govern-
ment, and, in my opinion, it received the sanction
fff the people of the country. But, sir, the Repre-
sentatives of the people then gave the measure
their sanction, and I now ask them to be consist-
ent with themselves. Sir, what are the abjections
to the admission of Oregon into the Union? Why,
simply, as I have stated, the alien clause in her
constitution, and the free negro clayse in her con-
stitution. Very well, sir; are there no such pro-
visions is the constitutions of other States of the
Union? I believe Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
other States,'have, in theirhistory, interposed ob-
stacles to the immigration of free negroes, or hava
imposed disabilities upon that species of popula-
tion. Yet, sir, they are in the Union, and no
objection has been raised here because of such
disabilities.
But, I am told that the Constitution of Oregon
does not permit negroes to sue in their cpurts of
justice. Well, sir, if that is the fact, it is a gross
outrage; but I believe you have now upon your
national statute-book, laws doing nearly as great
injustice to that class of persons. Is it not true?
Unquestionably it is true. Would not my friends
prefer to trust the people of a State to do right,
than to intrust the interests of these people to the
tender mercies of this national Government ?
But, in reference to this clause, does not the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania know, as a matter of
history, that in the convention which framed the
constitution, the question of the establishment of
slavery in the State was one of the questions be-
foie that body for settlement, and that this clause
was dr&wn and presented by a member of that
body of the same party-complexion as himself
and myself, as a matter of compromise, and for
the purpose of making the State a free State.
Then 1 come back to the other proposition. 1
say that wjien the people of a Territory, in then-
primary capacity, form a constitution, and set-
tle their institutions, and then come here and ask
for admission into the Union, so far as the pro-
visions of that constitution are concerned, the
only question we can consider is, whether that
constitution is republican in form, and is<not in
violation of the Constitution of the United States ?
I would rather admit this State, and refer the con-
stitution back to the people of the State sover-
eignty, and let them, in the exercise of their in-
herent rights, correct the evil which they are per-
petrating in their primary organization, in their
own good time, and according to their own judg-
ment and good sense. That is the position I take.
I will admit that it is a great lack of a sound per-
ception of justice for the people to make an ex-
clusion of'this kind, and which would prevent
one man in a hundred from the recovery of his
rights 111 a court at law. It is a question which
refers itself back to the people for correction, and
it does not warrant the rejection of a people who
ask for admission and to be clothed with the rights
and investments of a State sovereignty.
What else ? I have heard it stated that this
ought to be a political question. I take a differ-
ent view of it. The citizens of this country have
rights, which wo ought to presume they will ex-
eieise upon the same terms that We do ours, that
is conscientiously, faithfully, and with a due re-
gard to the interests of the Union. If they have
sent men here who disagree with other gentlemen
111 political opinions, a revulsion of public senti-
ment may turn them outand substitute new men.
This is a contingency dependent on your insti-
tutions, and cannot be determined by an act of
Congress. I tlunk that that furnishes no argu-
ment. Now, what is the proposition ? Accord-
ing to the language of my colleague, to admit a
people as a State/into the Union who have ex-
pressed their willingness to assume the functions
of a State Government, who desire to cut them-
selves loose from the corrupting influences of the
Executive, which hangs like a pall upon the
expression of their opinions. The history of
Rome shows that when she had acquired many
provinces, and sent out her proconsuls, with then-
train of rctainei^and servitors to exact tributes
and to dispense patronage, the liberties of those
countries declined, and fell into decay.
It is the pohev of this Government, whenever
a people are willing to administer their own af-
fairs, and to take upon themselves the exercise of
State sovereignty, whenever they are disposed to
| cut themselves loose from dependence upon the
executive government, to admit that people into
