1859]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
jLaws of the United States.
829
35th Cgnr....2  Sess.
vationnumberstwoandthree,com[m]onlyknown .
as the Mall, the sam# to be expended under the i
direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. This act shall be in force from its passage
Appkoved, February 2, 1859.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to fix and regulate the
Compensation of Receivers and Registers of
the Land Offices under the provisions of the
act approved A pnl twentieth, eighteen hundred
and eighteen.
lie it enacted by the Senate and IJouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the act entitled " An act for chang-
ing the compensation of receivers arid registers of
the land offices," approved April twentieth, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, shall be so construed
by the proper accounting officers of the Govern-
ment as tn restrict the segregate amount allowed
as compensation for the registers and receivers
commissions on moneys received at any land of-
fice in any one calendar year, to the sum of twen-
ty-five hundred dollars each; and that the regis-
ters and receivers shall not receive for any one
quarter, or fractional quarter, more than a pro rata
allowance of said maximum of twenty-five hun-
dred dollars. Their compensation, both for sal-
ary and commissions, to commence and be calcu-
lated from the time they enter on the discharge
of their duties.
Approved, February 2, 1850-
■er for
ary
the
Chap. XX.—An Act authorizing the
of the Treasury to grant a Register
Schooner William A. Hamill.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be granted, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, a regis-
tPr for the schooner William A. Ilamiil, lying!;
in the port nf Baltimore, and now owned by ;
Robert Dorntie, a citizen of the United States: ij
Prowled, It be proved to the satisfaction of the |i
Secretary of the Treasury that she was built at ;j
May's Landing, in the Stateof New Jersey; that j;
she was enrolled as an American vessel, and that j*
she was owned m whole by citizens of the Uni- |;
ted States at the time she was stranded on a reef j j
near Abaco, one of the Bahama islands,and that j|
she is now owned by Robert Dorntie, who is i#w
a citizen of the United States.
Approved, February 9,1859.
Chap. XXl.—An Act providing ?or the payment
of the expenses of Investigating Committees j,
of the House of Representatives. r
He it enacted b>i the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress i
assembled, That the sum of ten thousand dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated, out ofOtfy
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted, for the payment o'f the expenses of the sev- o
eral investigating committees of the House of i
Representatives during the present session, and 1
that the same be added to the miscellaneous item
of the contingent fund of said House: Provided, •
That no portion of this sum shall be paid for con- <
structive mileage for summoning witnesses.
Sec. 2. And.be it further enacted, That hereafter ,
the mileage or traveling allowance to the officer
or other person executing precepts or summons
of either House of Congress, shall notexceed ten
cents for cach mile necessarily and actually trav-
eled by such officer or other person in the execu- j
tion nf any such precept or summons. !
Approved, February 5,1859. i
Chip. xxii.—An Act providing for keeping and
distributing all Public Documents.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
'assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is ;
hereby charged with receiving, arranging, safe-
keeping, and [with the] distribution of all printed
journals of the two Houses of Congress, and all
other books and documents, of every nature ,
whatever, already or hereafter directed by law to ;
be printed or purchased for the use of the Gov- \
ernment, except of such as are directed to be
printed or purchased for the particular use of
Cong ess, or {/[of] either House thereof, or for
the particular use of the Executive, or of any of
the Departments; and for this purpose the Sec-
retary of the Interior is hereby directed to set
apart a proper room or rooms in the Patent Of-
fice building to be used for this and no other pur-
pose; and the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, Public Printer, binder, or contractor, or any
or any other person whose duty it shall be by
law to deliver any of the same, shall deliver the
same to him there.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to ob-
tain and remove from the other Departments and
offices, and from the Congressional Library, and
other places where the same are now kept, all
such journals, books, and other documents now
on hand and described in the foregoing section;
and for this purpose, so much as is necessary of
the appropriation made in the following clause of
the act, entitled "An act making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight," approved March three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, to wit: " For
expenses of packing and distributing the con-
gressional journals and documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolu-
tions of Congress approved twenty-eighth Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, twenty-
two thousand dollars,"as remains unexpended,
is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That a regis-
ter of such journals, books, and other documents,
shall be kept under the authority of the Secretary
of the Interior, showing the quantity and kind of
each at any time received by him in pursuance
of this act; and it shall be his duty to be caused
to be entered in such registei, at the proper time,
when, where, and to whom the same, or any psrt
of them, have been distributed and delivered, and
to report the same to Congress at the first session
of each Congress.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the satne
shall be delivered out by the Secretary of the In-
terior only on the written requisition of the heads
of Departments, Secretary oi the Senate, Clerk of
the House of Representatives, Librarian of Con-
gress, and other officers and persons, private and
corporate, who are, by law, authorized to receive
the same, except where by law the Secretary of
the Interior is required, without such requisition,
to cause the same to he sent and delivered; and
in either of such cases it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to cause the same to bo
sent and delivered, the expenses thereof, except
when otherwise directed, to be charged on the
contingent fund of the Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further ena< ted, That all such
journals, books, and other documents, shall Here-
after be distributed according to and fur the pur-
poses now prescribed by law, except that the dis-
tribution of the same to the Governors of the
States and Territories, and to the judges of the
courts of the United States, and other officers and
public bodies within the States or Territoties,
shall be wholly under the control of the Secretary
of the Inte-ior; and the joint resolution approved
March twenty, eight[een] hundred and fifty-
eight, supplementary to the joint resolution ap-
proved January twenty-eight, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, respecting the distribution of cer-
tain documents, is hereby repealed; and the third
section of said joint resolution of January twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, is hereby
amended by striking out the words " by him"in
the last line, and inserting the words " tn him by
each of the Senators from the several States, re-
spectively, and by the Representative in Congress
from cach congressional district, ami Oy t;ie Del-
egate from each Territory m the Uuit< it StVe?:''
And provided, That such distrmntion shall first be
made at the instance of the Representatives in
Congress from districts in which Mich public doc-
uments have not already been distributed, so that
; the quantity distributed to cach congressional dis-
trict and Territory shall be equal.
Sec. 6 And be it further enacted, That the tenth
section of an act entitled ltAn act to establish the
! ' Smithsonian Institution' for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men," approved
August tenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six,is
hereby repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That by this
: act the distribution of all works mentioned in the
first section as public documents is intended and
directed to be made, except the " Exploring Ex-
pedition" conducted by Commander Wilkes.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted. That all books,
maps, charts, and other publications of every na-
ture whatever, heretofore deposited in the De-
partment of State according to the laws regulating
copyrights, together with all the records of the
Department of Stntp in regard to the same, shall
be removed to, and be under the control of, the
Department of the Interior, "which is hereby
charged with all the duties connected with the
same, and with all matters pertaining to copy-
right, in the same manner and to the Same extent
that the Department of State is now charged with
the same; and hereafter all such publications of
every nature whatever shall, under present laws
and regulations, be left with, and kept by him.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Joint
Committee on the Library may, at any time,dis-
pose of duplicate, injured, or wasted booksof the
library, or any other matter in the library not
deemed proper to it, in such manner as such com-
mittee may deem best.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all such
books and documents,when received at the proper
offices, libraries, and so forth, as provided by law,
shall be kept there, and not removed from such
place*.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That, of the
Statutes at Large of the United States, published
by Little and Drown, now deposited in the libra-
ry of Congress for the use of Senators and Rep-
resentatives during the sessions of Congress, ten
copies be retained' by the librarian for the use of
the judgus of the Supreme Court, during the terms
of court, and that one third of the number then
remaining in the library be transferred to the
Senate and two thirds to the library of the House
of Representatives, for thp use of the Senators and
, Representatives during the sessions of Congress.
: Appp.oyeb, February 5, 1859.
Chap. XXIII.—-An Act for the Punishment of
the Crime, of Forgery [of] or Counterfeiting Mil-
itary Bounty Land Warrants, Military Bounty
Land Certificates, Certificates of Location, Cer-
1 tificates of Ptuclinse, and Receivers'Receipts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That, if any person or persons shall
falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause
or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or
counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in laisely
making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any
military bounty land warrant, or military bounty
land warrant certificate, issued or purporting to
have been issued by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions under any act of Congress, or any certifi-
cate. of location of any military bounty land war-
rant, or any duplicate certificate of the location
of any military bounty land warrant, or military
bounty land warrant certificate, upon any of the
lands of the United States, or any certificate of the
purchase of any of the lands of the United States,
or any duplicate cerufieate of the purchase of any
of ttie lands of the United States, or any leceipt
for the purchase money of any of the lands of the
United States, orauy duplicate receipt for the pur-
eliase money of any lands oi the United States,
issued or purporting to have been issued by the
register and receiverat any land office of the Uni-
ted States, or by either of them; or if any pel son or
persons shall pass, utter, or publish as true any
false, forged, or counterfeited military bounty land
warrant,"military bounty laud warrant certificate,
certificate of location, or duplicate certificate of lo-
cation, certificate of purchase, duplicate certificate
of purchase, receipt or duplicate receipt, for the
purchase money of any of the lands of the Uni-
ted States, knowing the"same to be false or forged,
such person or persons so offending shall be
deemed and adjudg&d guilty of felony, and being
thereof duly convicted, shall be sentenced to be
imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a period
(i not less s-ktm three yews isor more ihttn ton years:
