1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
dially. I did not understand the views of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories [Mr. Stephens] to differ essentially from
these. He attempts, by the peculiar phraseology
of the act establishing for Oregon a territorial gov-
ernment, and by the terms of the ordinan.ee of
1787, to demonstrate that Oregon does not fall
within the general principle so compactly put by
the gentleman from South Carolina; but I think
that his reasoning on that point is not satisfac-
tory. ,lt has ootsatisfied my mind. Withoutcon-
suming the time of the House in attempting its
refutation, I will simply refer to the report made
by my colleague, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] as a mi-
nority of the Committee on Territories, in which
he discusses and considers that question.
Weave told, indeed, by my friend, the Dele-
gate from Oregon, that she has unquestionably a
sufficient population to entitle her to admission.
On the other side that statement is denied. The j
amendment which I propose simply allows that
question to be tested by providing that a census
shall first be taken, and if the result prove,'as
in all probability it may, that the Delegate is
right in his estimation, then Oregon will, by the
President's proclamation, be declared a State of
this Confederacy. With all my confidence in
the Delegate's judgment upon questions of this
kind, I cannot submit to have my official action
here based on it alone. Let a census be taken
and the question settled. We will not then be es-
tablishing a precedent that can give the country
trouble in after times—a precedent under which a
small handful of men may force a sparsely-set-
tled region into the Union as a State, and may
dilute the Senate of the United States with per-
sons whom we might, peihaps, be unwilling to
see in that body.
So much for the question of population. It has
been already alluded to, at some length, on both ,
sides of the House. I come now to a question i
that grows out of the constitution which has been I
submitted to us for our examination; first, as to
whether it is republican in form; and second, as j
to whether it is in conformity with the Constitu- j
tion of the United States. As I understand it, j
these two questions require an affirmative answei; !
and beyond that we may not and cannot go. it !
certainly seems to nie to be no business of ours
to inquire whether the people of Oregon want to
have negroes there, either as slaves or free. I see,
by the vote reported to us in connection with the
constitution, that the people of the Territory have
expressed a mostemphaticdetermination to have
thom in neither capacity—neither as slaves nor
as freemen. That is a question about which they '
have a right to exercise their choice; and whether
their opinion may concur with mine oi not, is, as ;
I conceive, no business of mine. It is, however,
a matter of much importance to see whether the j
constitution is republican in its form, and whether
it is in conformity with the Constitution of the j
United States. A republican government I un-
derstand to be one which is administered by rep-
resentatives chosen by the people who are to be
governed. Who arc the people ? If I know any-
thing of the Constitution of the United States, it |
was made by the people of.the United States, and
for the people of the United States. We have,
from the very highest authority known to the
Constitution, an exposition of the meaning of
this term people. According to it, the terms "cit-
izen "and "people" are synonymous, as they are
used in the Constitution of the United States. In
other words, they are convertible terms. The cit-
izens are the people, and the people are the citi-
zens. All who are not citizens are aliens. The
terms are well understood, and have been ever
since government has been leduced from mere
brute force to something like a science,and made a
branch—and a very high branch—of human learn-
ing.
I hold, then, that a constitution framing agov-
ernment that is to be republican in its form, must
be a constitution providing for the government of
the body politic by representatives chosen by its-
citizens, and by them alone.
Tiie second section of the second article of the
constitution of Oregon provides:
'-In all elections, not.otherwise provided for by this con-
stitution, every white male citizen of the United States, of
the age of twenty-one >ear.s and upwaid?, who shall have
resided in the State during the six month* immediately pre-
ceding such election, and eveiy white aiale of foreign bath,
of the age of twenty-one yeais and upwards?, who shall
have resided in the United States one year, and shall have
resided in this State during the ?ix months immediately pre-
ceding such election, and shall have declared his intention
to become a citizen of the United States one year preced-
ing such election, conformably to the laws of the United
States on the subject of naturalization, shall be entitled to
vote at all elections authorized by law."
Who arc meant by " white males of foreign
birth," we rn^ay infer from the sixth section:
"No negro, Chinaman, or mulatto, shall have the right
of suffrage."
These three classes are not white males. All
others must be taken, upon a familiar principle of
legal construction, to fall within that category;
and, therefore, wc arc bound to conclude that all
persons except negroes, Chinamen, and mulat-
toes, are embraced in the term " white males of
foreign birth,'" and so entitled to vote.
Now, I hold that neither the State of Oregon,
nor any other State in the Union, can admit aliens
to *hc right of suffrage, and permit them to cxer-
cise the highest power known to the American
people. If they can be admitted to vote in one
State of the Union, they may be allowed to vote
in every State. If the right of suffrage may be
extended to those who have been in the country
one year, it may be extended to those who have
been in the country but one day.' If it may be
extended to those who have declared their inten-
tion to become citizens, it may also be extended
not only to those who have not expressed their
intention to become citizens, but to those who
have expressed their intention never to become
citizens. The principle of alien suffrage, if once
tolerated, may be carried to any extent. The peo-
ple of Maine may allow the inhabitants of New
Brunswick, and of the other British provinces, to
go into their State on the day of election and vote
with them there, and even to their own exclusion;
and thus decide for them who shall be their mem-
bers of the Legislature, who shall be their Rep-
resentatives here, and who shall be their electors
for President and Vice President. They may
vote, I say, for members of their Legislature,
and thus indirectly decide who shall lepresent
their State in the Senate of the United States. I
need not pursue this idea further. It is simply a
question whether the American people will govern
themselves, or whether they will allow themselves
to be governed by aliens in blood, if not in interest
and feeling? j
Sir, it seems to me that the adoption of such a i
principle is anti-republican, contrary to the spnit j
of our Government, and contrary to the plainest j
and most obvious meaning of the organic law I
transmitted to us from our fathers. And, sir, j
entertaining this opinion, I cannot lend my vote
to the sanction of a principle, or the toleration of
a principle, which, it seems to me, at no very
distant day, may shake the foundations of our
Government. We sometimes hear—wc have
heard much more in some former sessions than
during the present one—the discussion of ques- :
tions which divide the section in which my lot is
cast from that to which the gentleman who has
just taken his scat belongs. I deprecate all such
discussions; I deprecate such agitations; and I
would remove out of the way, as far as possible,
all occasion for them.
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee whether he considers the
constitution of the State of Massachusetts as
republican?
Mr. MAYNARD. When the constitution of
the State of Massachusetts comes before me for
my consideration, I will answer the gentleman's
inquiry. 1 cannot now depart from the line of
my argument, to answer questions which can
have no possible relevancy t.o the matter under
consideration. I might wander away to answer
the question of the gentleman from Virginia-, but
it would be time fost; not to our edification or the
! general interest of the country,
! Air. JENKINS. If the gentleman from Tcn-
; nessee will answer the questions categorically, it
! would consume but very little time,
j Mr. MAYNARD. I will leave the gentleman
' from Massachusetts to answer that question. I
i take occasion, however, to say, that there are pro-
! visions in the constitutions of several of the States
i that I do not consider consistent with a it.publi-
| can form of government; because they embrace
i the very provision against which I am now
i speaking. I believe, however, that the constitu-
tion of no southern State is obnoxious to that ob-,
jection.
Mr. DAWES." Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee permit me'to ask the gentleman frdm Vir-
ginia a question ?
Mr. MAYNARD; No, sir; I cannot yield
for the gentleman from Massachusetts' and the
gentleman from Virginia to chop logic for the
amusement of each other.
Mr. DAWES. I merely wanted to know what
provision of the constitution of Massachusetts
the gentleman objects to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will proceed with what
I have to say. This subject recurs to us in a sec-
tional aspect. I desire to see every ground of dif-
ference between the two sections of the Union
removed, as far as possible; certainly I would not
help to multiply them. But we have had even
during the present session a series of legislative
measures presented to us, which I am very ap-
prehensive, if not so designed, will have the effect
of widening the breach between us, which is al-
ready too wide. Sir, we had the o^ier day a
homestead bill introduced hereby the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] arid it was
passed by an almost exclusively sectional vote,
the members from one section, with but few ex-
ceptions, voting for it, and those of the other sec-
tion, with still fewer exceptions, voting against
it. That bill provides that aliens shall be allowed
to come into our Territories and possess them-
selves of our lands, practically to the exclusion
of the southern planter.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has any proper claim on
my indulgence in that respect. When his-home-
stead bill was under consideration, he not only
refused to permit me to offer an amendment to it,
but even to allow my amendment to be read to
show what it was.
Mr. GROW. I only wanted to correct the gen-
tleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. That can be done hereafter.
Another subject which has been introduced into
the House in the same connection, and pointing
the same way, is the proposition to withhold
the public lands from sale at private entry for ten
yeais after they shall have been surveyed. Adopt
this measure in connection with the feature of the
homestead bill to which I have just alluded, and
you will have this condition of things: your Ter-
ritories will be guarded against many people from
my section of the country, who cannot with their
mode of agriculture and their kind of labor, con-
fine themselves to the quantity of land to be
granted as a homestead or secured by right of
preemption. They would have no chance, with
such an emigration as is invited by this policy, to
get one foot of your land. You invite an alien pop-
ulation to take possession and hold your public
lands, to the exclusion of every planter m the
whole southern country. Things ought not so to
j be. The Territories are a common property, and
i should so be treated.
! As I said, I wish to obstruct this drift in the
! current of our legislation. You arc filling up your
| Territories, by the line of policy you are pursu-
' ing, with aliens; men who have no very profound
! interest in your institutions; men who have not
; taken upon themselves an oath to support the
1 Constitution, nor. an oath to be true to the flag
; of the country m the hour of peril. The law de-
: clares that an alien shall reside here five years be-
; fore he shall become a citizen of the United States;
' and that then he shall renounce all fealty and
j loyalty to every foreign potentate or Power, and
swear allegiance to our Government. The policy
we are now pursuing in regard to the Territories
and the public lands, makes no such requirement.
' It is wrong, it is unwise. Whether it is wise
for the people of the North, is for them to con-
■, sider; but I do not believe that it is. Certainly
!! it is not so for the people of the South, where that
|! class of emigration seldom goes. It is by the
I' great influx of this element into the northern and
I' northwestern States, that they have so great a
j' predominance upon this floor over southern rep-
:! rosentation. You recollect, sir, when the Con-
I; stitution was formed, that the population of the
• two different sections was very nearly the same.
I have seen it stated—I have not taken the trouble
to examine the statistics myself, but I believe that
