1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
urday, atone o'clock, but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [IVEr. Montgomery] objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
objection. *
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I suggest
Saturday, at twelve o'clock.
There being no objection; it was so understood.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to—ayes 46, noes 53.
Mr. GROW*. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Georgia whether I understand that on Sat-
urday, at twelve o'clock-, he proposes to have all
these amendments voted on ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The question
is to be then taken. I will then withdraw my
motion to commit; but there is to be no debate.
Mr. GROW". And you will allow all these
amendments to be then offered? That is satisfac-
tory.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
propose an amendment for the purpose of having
it printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That the gen-
tleman from Kentucky may understand my agree-
ment, it is: thaton Saturday, at twelve o'clock, the
motions now pending shall come up under the rule
just as if the previous question were sustained.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. When the
gentleman speaks of motion# pending, I suppose
he means all these amendments.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. With the con-
sent of the. House they can be all offered.
Mr. COMINS. I understood the special order
to extend till one o'clock.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair propounded the
question—twelve o'clock on Saturday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I indicatccfa prop-
osition which I intend to offer, and desire to have
it understood that that proposition is to be con-
sidered and decided by the House.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, all the amendments offered or indicated
by gentleman will be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
jection; but gentlemen arc to consider that all
these amendments are not to be voted on, except
by the consent of the House.
Several Members. Of course.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I now send
up my amendment.
Mr. Marshall's amendment is as follows:
Whereas the people of Oiegon have ftamcd a constitu-
tion under %vhieh they propo&e to be admitted as a State
into thi&Umon,audit being rr-piesented that the population
of said State is •sufficiently numoious to be entitled, on the
existing ratio ox* leprescntation, to one Iiepicsentative on
the floor of the House of Representatives; andwheieas it
is the sense of Congies^, that the extension of the light to
vote for a member of the llouse of Representatives of the
United States, to a person neither native nor naturalized
according to the act of Congress, is violative of the spirit
and true moaning ol the Constitution ot the United States;
and whereas the constitution of the State of Oregon eon-
tains a provision planting such extension to aliens without
naturalization: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hou^e of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled < That
whenever it shall appear, by a census taken by the order of
the Governor of Oregon Territory, that Oiogon contains
ninety-three thousand people, Oiegon shall be admitted as
a State into this Union, on an equal looting will) the oug-
mal Statesm ail respects whatever; upon tlx" lund.Miiontiil
condition, that the second clause of the second article or
the constitution now submitted to Congress, an/ embiaced
in the following word>, to wit: " and every wmte male of
foreign birth, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards
who shall have lesided in the United States one 3 ear, and
shall have resided in this State dutiug the mx month-' im-
mediately preceding said election, and shall have declared
his intention to become a citizen of the United States one
year preceding such election, conformably to the laws of
the United States on the subject of natutaiization, shall be
entitled to vote at nil elections authorized bylaw,'''' shall never
be construed to authonzethe said persons of foieign bnth
and not naturalized, to vote for members of tin1 Hou«e of
Representatives of the.UnitedState.s at anye'ectionfoi t-uch
in said State: Provided) The people of Oiegon, ica*spmhled
in convention, shall assent to said fundamental condition,
and shall transmit to the President of the United States on
or before the Ut day of November, 1859, an authentic copy
of said amendment to said constitution, and a certitied up-
turn of said census; upon the loccipt whereof, the Presi-
dent of the United States by pioclamation, ehall announce
the tact, whereupon, and without any further proceedings
on the pait of Congiess, the admission of the said State of
Oregon into the Union shall be considered as complete.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now move
that the rules be suspended; and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
a recess.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on -the state of the Union, (Mr. John
Cochrane in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the President's annual message, on
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY took the floor, and proceeded
to speak on general politics.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I rise to a
question of order. It was the common under-
standing of the House, when it went into com-
mittee, that the (Question for discussion was the
admission of Oregon. Gentlemen who are to be
called upon to vote on that important question,
have a right to be heard, and to give their reasons
for their votes. I madeseveral ineffectual attempts
this afternoon to get the floor for the purpose of
speaking on this Oregon question; and the prop-
osition was made, as gentlemen wiU bear me wit-
ness, to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the purpose of giving
gentlemen an opportunity to discuss the measure
before the House and Congress. I insist on it
that gentlemen should not come in after such an
understanding, and consume the time of the
House on a question not before the House. Good
faith to the House requires that gentlemen who
do not intend to speak to the subject, should seek
a future and proper opportunity to give their
views on any other questions.
The CHAIRMAN. On going into committee,
the Chair stated that the subject under consider-
ation was the President's annual message, and
heard no objection. The Chair, therefore, con-
ceives that the subject under discussion is the
Piesident's annual message, and overrules the
point of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY proceeded to address the com-
mittee 
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield for a motion to take a recess. He
will certainly have as good an audience in the
evening as he has now. I have no desire to make
a point of order on the gentleman; but if he in-
sists on proceeding, I shall make the point of order
that there is no quorum present.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I prefer to proceed now. I
would like to know how the gentleman can get
the floor to make that point ot order?
Mr. BURNETT. I can make the point of
older. But I prefer to appeal to the gentleman to
let the committee take a recess till seven o 'clock.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I prefer to go on now.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I make the point of
order that there is no quorum present; and I ob-
ject to any further proceedings, till the Chaii as-
ceitains whether there is'a quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky makes the point of order that there is no
quorum present, and that the gentleman from Illi-
nois cannot proceed in the absence of a quorum.
The gentleman from Illinois being on the floor,
the Chair must hold that the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Kentucky is not well
taken. The point of order is out of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the Chair that
neither this committee nor the House has any
right, under the rules, to proceed with business
unless there is a quorum present. I have a right
to make the point of order, and I make it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Kentucky
can take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. Vervweli; I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken on the appeal " Shall
the decision,of the Chair stand «s the judgement
of the committee?" and, on a division, there were
—ayes 28, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. BURNETT. As no quorum has voted, 1
insist that the Clerk shall call the roll.
The CHAIRMAN. The roll must be called.
Mr. LOVEJOY. As the Chair decides thatthe
roll must be called, I am willing to yield for a
motion that the committee take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The rule is peremptory that when the committee
finds itself without a quorum, the roll shall be
called. There is no alternative.
The CHAIRMAN. There is not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. VAtLANDIGHAM. I object.
The#CIerk proceeded to call the roll.
' Mr. CURTIS, (interrupting.) I hope the call
will be suspended, in order that we may take a
recess.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to any question be-
ing put. There is no quorum here, and nothing
can be done by consent or without consent. The
rule is peremptory, and the roll must be called.*
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll.
Mr. CURTIS, (again interrupting.) I hope
the call will be suspended. I move that we take
a, recess.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object. The' roll must
be called.
The Clerk again resumed the call of the roll.
Mr. CURTIS, (again interrupting.) I under-
stand that the objection is now withdrawn; and
I move t(%at the committee take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Curtis was then agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and"thirty-five
minutes, p. m.) the committee took a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. m., (Mr. John Cochrane in the chair,)
the President's annual message being under con-
sideration, on which Mr. Lovejoy was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have learnt, since the com-
mittee rose, from the Speaker and from others,
that the understanding was that the discussion
this evening was to be confined to the Oregon
question. I did not so understand, and I now
waive my right to the floor.
The committee was then addressed by Messrs.
SCALES, KEIM, TAYLOR of Louisiana, AB-
BOTT, JACKSON,FARNSWORTH, LANE,
and TAYLOR of New York. [These speeches
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, then moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Maynard
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. John Cochrane reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the annual message of the President of the United
States, and certain resolutions proposing to refer
the same, and had come to no resolution theeron.
And then, on motion of Mr. HARRIS (at ten
o'clock and seven minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February II, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. F. Swentzel, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IIAMLIN presented a petition of citizcns
of the towns of Bremen and Bristol, in the county
of Lincoln, Maine, praying the passage of a law
to' prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of,
the public lands, and that they be laid out in
farms and lots for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlers only; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Charles
Minturn, president of the Contra Costa Steam
Navigation Company, praying compensation for
transporting the mails from San Francisco to Ouk-
i| land and Petaluma, in the State of California;
'! which was referred to the Committee on the Post
1' Office and Post Roads.
;< Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of citi-
,| zens of Havre de Grace, Maryland, praying the
!' establishmentof anational foundcry at that place
j|The memorial represents that the town is un-
i1 rivaled in its manifold advantages for the site of
, j such an establishment. It is situated at the head
of that many-armed estuary, Chesapeake bay, at
'' the mouth of the Susquehanna river, and at the
; outlet to the tide-water of that system of canals
;■ which is ramified through the iron region of Penn*
sylvania; besides having on its own immediate
