1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d S.ess.
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents. *
For fifth of thirty installments of annuity in
foods, per third article treaty twenty-second
'ebruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For fifth of thirty installments for purposes of
utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for purposes of
education, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For last of five annual installments for the pur-
chase of powder, shot, lead, twine, and tobacco,
per third article treaty twenty-second February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dol-
lars.
For last of five annual installments for the hire
of six laborers, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For fifth of fifteen annual installments for sup-
port of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third
article treaty twenty-second February, eighteen
hundred ana fifty-five, two thousand one hundred
and twenty dollars.
Ckippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Black
River.—For fourth of five equal annual install-
ments for educational purposes, under the direc-
tion of the President, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For fourth of five equal annual installments for
agricultural implements and carpenters' tools,
household furniture and buiiding materials, cattle,
labor, and necessary useful articles, per second
article of the treaty of second August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten equal annual installments in
coin, to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, per second article of
the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fourth installment for the support of one
blacksmith shop for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
Chippewas, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.—For education during the pleasure
of Congress, per fifth article treaty eleventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Chickasaws.—For permanent annuity in goods,
per act of twenty-fifth February, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Chickasaw Incompetents.—For arrears of inter-
est due January first, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, on five per cent, bonds of the State of Indi- \
ana, held in trust for the Chickasaw Incompetents !
by the Secretary of the Interior, three hundred
and fifty dollars.
Choctaws.—For permanent annuity, per second
article treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hun-
dred and five, and thirteenth article treaty twen-
ty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen j
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars. j
For permanent provision for education, per ]
second article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollais.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, aud thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars. j
For permanent provision for iron and steel, per j
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen i
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article of ,
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and j
fifty-five, three hundred and rwpnty dollars. ,
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars, I
at five per centum, for education and other ben- 1
eficial purposes, to be applied under the direction
of the general council of the Choctaws, in con-
formity with the provisions contained in the tenth
and thirteenth articles of the treaty of twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Comanchts, Kiowas, and Jipaches of Arkansas
River.—For sixth of ten installments for the pur-
chase of goods, provisions, and agricultural im-
plements, per sixth article treaty twenty-seventh
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-thiee, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the sixth of
ten installments of goods, provisions, and agri-
cultural implements, per sixth article treaty twen-
ty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.—For permanent annuity in money, per
fourth article treaty seventh August, seventeen
hundred and ninety, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eignteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty se venth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a
wheelwright, per eighth article treaty twenty-
fourth January,eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
and fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
( hundred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
| For blacksmith and assistant and shop and
j tools during the pleasure of the President, per
! fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eighteen
' hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth articic treaty fourteenth
February,eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundied and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon-maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations dui ing
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty twenty-
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
two thousand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth arti-
cle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred aud
fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For the third of seven additional installments
for two blacksmiths, assistants, shop, and tools,
per thirteenth article treaty twenty-fourth March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, one thousand six hundred and eighty
dollars. 1
For the third of seven additional installments
for iron and steel for shops, per thirteenth article
treaty twenty-fourth March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For twenty-ninth of thirty-three installments
for education, per fourth article treaty fourth Jan- .
uary, eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
Forsixteenth of twenty installments for educa-
tion, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
, treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
j For five per centum interest on two hundred
; thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
\ Delaicnres.—For life annuity to chief, per pri-
vate article to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
' to treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
i eighteen, one hundred dollars.
! For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
; dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
| thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
! per resolution of the Senate'nineteenth Jarlfeary,
; eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth article
; treaty sixth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
; four, two thousand three hundred and four dol-
i Jars.
| For sixth of eight equal installments for pay-
I ment of five chiefs, per sixth article treaty sixth
j May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
; sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
j low as.—For interest in lieu of investment on
, fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars to the
first July, eighteen hundred and sixty, at five per
centum, for education or other beneficial purposes,
under the direction of the President, per second
article treaty nineteenth October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, and ninth article treaty sev-
enteenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand eight hundred and seventy-five
dollars.
Kansas.—For interest in lieu of investment on
two hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum,
! per second aiticle tieaty fourteenth January,eigh-
j teen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars.
I Ka&anhias, Pearias, IFeas, and Pianktshaws.—
: For last of three installments of nine thousand
j dollars each, for the years eighteen hundred and
j fifty-seven, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and
1 eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, per sixth article
| treaty thirtieth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
| four, nine thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.—For sixth installmentofinterest,at
five per centum, on one hundred thousand dollars
' for education, per second article treaty eighteenth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the payment of this sum as the sixth in-
stallment upon two hundicd thousand dollars, to
be paid in eighteen hundred and fitty-nme, per
second article fieaty eighteenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Menomonees.—F or fourth of twelve installments
for continuing and keeping; up a blacksmith shop
and providing the usual quantity of iron and
steel, per fourth article treaty eighteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third arti-
cle treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fif-
ty-four, nine hundred and sixteen dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For fourth of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession of
lands, per foui th ai tide treaty eighteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third article
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, tv,'< nty thousand dollars.
Jtfiamies of Kansas.—For permanent provision
for blacksmith and assistant, and iron aud steel
for shop, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, and fouith arti-
cle treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nine hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, m lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For their juoportion of nineteenth of iwenty
installments in money, per second article treaty
