334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
twenty-eighth November, eighteen hundred and
forty, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand six
hundred and thirty-sue dollars and thirty-six
cents.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For last of six equal annual installments to
Miamies residing on ceded lands, for purchase of
former perpetttal and other annuities and relin-
quishment of claims, per fourth article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty-one
thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine dollars
and eleven cents.
•Miamies of Indiana.—For their proportion of
nineteenth of twenty installments in money, per
second article treaty twenty-eighth November,
eighteen hundred and forty, and fourth article
treatvirft!1 June. eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
six iTOusand eight hundred and sixty-three dol-
lars and sixty-four cents.
For interest on investment of two hundred and
twenty-one thousand two hundred and fifty-seven
dollars and eighty-six cents, at fiveper centum, for
Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and six-
ty-two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.—For permanent annuity
in goods or otherwise, per fourth article treaty
third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five,
five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Nesqually, Puynllup, and other tribes and bands of
Indians.—For fifth installment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands to be applied
to beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-lour, two thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for pay of in-
structor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer, and
asssistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred anil
fifty-four,six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Omahas.—For the second of ten installments of
this amount, being second of the series, in money
or otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty
thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
For fifth often installments for support of black-
smith and assistant, and iron and steel for shop,
per eighth article treaty sixteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
Fur fifth of ten installments for support of
farmer, pereighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw miil
provided for by the eighth article of the treaty of
sixteenth March,eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
five hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools and
keeping the same in repaii, per eighth article of
the treaty of sixtemth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an assistant miller, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer and assistant, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Osngcs.—For interest on sixty-nine thousand
one hundred and twenty dollars, at five per
centum, being the value, of fifty-four sections of
land set apart second June, eighteen hundred and
twenty-five, for educational purposes, per Senate
resolution nineteenth January, eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight, three thousand four hundred and
fifty-six dollars.
Oltoes and •Missourias.—For the second of fen
installments of this amount, being the second
series, in money or otherwise, per fourth article
treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for pay of miller,
per seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for blacksmith,and
assistant, and iron and steel for Bhdp, per seventh
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, nine hundred and forty dollars.
For fifth of ten installments for'farmer,per sev-
enth article treaty fifteenth March,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mill
provided for by the seventh article of the treaty
of fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smiths' shops with tools,
and keeping the same in repair, per seventh arti-
cle of the treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For assistant miller, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer and assistant, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Ottowas and ChippewasofMichigan.—For fourth
of ten equal annual installments for educational
purposes, to be expended under the direction of
the President, according to the wishes of the In-
dians, so far as may be reasonable and just, per
second article of the treaty of thirty-first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand
dollars.
For fourth of five equal annual installments in
agricultural implements and carpenters' fools,
household furniture,and building materials, cattle,
labor, and necessary useful articles, per second
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen thousand dollars.'
For fourth installment for the support of four
blacksmith shops for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and
forty dollars.
For fourth installment of principle, payable an-
nually for ten years, to be distributed per capita,
in the usual manner of paying annuities,per sec-
ond article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred and sixty-six
thousand dollars, unpaid part of the principal su m
of three hundred and six thousand dollars, for one
year, at five per centum per annum, to be distrib ■
uted per capita, in the usual manner of paying
annuities, per second article of the treaty of thir-
ty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, thir-
teen thousand three hundred dollars.
For fourth of ten equal annual installments on
thirty-five thousand dollars, in lieu of former
treaty stipulations, to be paid per capita, to the
Grand River Ottawas, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottowas of Kansas.—For their proportion of the
permanent annuities in money, goods, or other-
wise, payable under the fourth article of the treaty
of third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-
five, second article of the treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven, fourth
article of the treaty of seventeenth September, j
eighteen hundred and eighteen, and fourth article j
of the treaty of twenty-ninth August, eighteen j
hundred and twenty-one, two thousand six hun- i
dred dollars. I
Pawnees.—For second of five installments in j
goods and such articles as may be necessary for i
them,per secondarticle treaty twenty-fourth Sep- |
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, forty j
thousand dollars. j
For second often installments for farming utsn- i
sils and stock during the pleasure of the Presi- j
dent, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth Sep- j
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one j
thousand two hundred dollars. j
Pottawatomles.—For permanent annuity in sil- i
| ver, per fourth article treaty third August, seven- I
j teen hundred and ninety-five, one thousand dol- ;
lars.
[ For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty second October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eighth, two thousand dollars.
For.permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September,eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars. .
For permanent provision for the payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty twentieth, September, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article
of the treaty, of .the fifth and seventeenth June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, three hundred
dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, per second article treaty twentieth
September, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight,
two thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shops, per third article treaty sixteenth October,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and second ar-
ticle treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred
and twenty-nine, six hundred and sixty dollars.
Forpermanentprovision for fifty barrels of stilt,
per second article of treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
For arrears of interest, due January first, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine, on five per cent, bonds
of the State of Indiana, held in trust for the Pot-
tawatomies by the Secretary of the Interior, twelve
thousand and fifty-three dollars and twenty cents.
That the stocks with which the Secretary of the
Interior is now charged upon the books of the
Treasury under the head of " Chippewas, Otta-
was, and Pottawatomies, mills and education,"
be charged to two separate accounts to be opened
under the heads of " Pottawatomies—mills, and
Pottawatomies—education," and the Secretary
of the interior is hereby authorized, with the
consent of the Pottawatomies, to transfer the
stocks charged as aforesaid to the new heads
of account in such proportions as he may deem
best for the interest of the Pottawatomies.
Pottawatomies of Huron.—For permanent annu-
ity in money or otherwise, per second article trea-
ty seventeeth November, eighteen hundred and
seven, four hundred dollars.
(luaptiios■—For education during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the President,
per third article treaty thirteenth May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
RogueRivers.—For sisthof sixteen installments
in blankets, clothing, farming utensils, and stock,
per third article treaty tenth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.—For permanent
annuity in goods or otherwise, per third article
treaty third November, eighteen hundred and
four, one thousand dollars.
