956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
borders, fine beds of velvet, and hone-eye, and
several iron works. Havre de Grace is a point
by which naturally pass, previously to distribu-
tion, the products of nearly half the furnaces in
the United States. It is, moreover, cheaply ac-
cessible by tide-water and railway to iron works
in Maryland, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey. It
has at hand superior fire-brick clay and casting-
sand-, of the best quality; and can furnish, by
vvay ^f the Susquehanna river and canal, fire-
wood, coal, lumber, lime, stone, and other build-
ing materials at cheaper rates than any other suit-
able point in the Union. Being also on the great
highway between the great Atlantic States, and
communicating, by inland navigation as well as
by railway, with nearly the whole Atlantic sea-
board, and likewise with the great lakes and the
Mississippi valley, the opportunities of this town
for obtaining promptly cheap supplies of all
kinds, including skilled labor, and for distributing
the product of a foundery, are vastly superior to
those of any other locality yet named.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Military A'ffairs and the Militia,
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, praying
permission to extend their Washington branch
road so as to meet and form closer connections
with thpsouthern and southwestern lines; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Leslie Combs, one of the survivors of the first
regiment of Kentucky volunteers who were en-
gaged in the battle of Raisin, during the war of
1812, praying the'enactmont of a law for the re-
lief of his frw surviving brother soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it'\vas
Ordered, Tlmt the petition of Chandler S. Emory, ad-
ministrator ofcalvin Ueatij deceased, praying payment for
pine uees sold to the United states lor the erection or a fort
at Mandarin, Flotilla, b'* withdrawn fiom the files of the
Senate, and referred to [he Committee on Claims.
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YTJLEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post R.oads, to whom the subjcct was
referred, reported a bill (S, No. 570) to abolish
the franking privilege, and for other purposes;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. PITCH, from the Committee 011 Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Ticasnry in answer
to a resolution of the Senate respecting the con-
struction of a building at Springfield, Illinois, for
the accommodation of the United States courts
and post office, reported in favor of printing the
usual number; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims, j
to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No. 584) j
for the relief of Captain A. W. Reynolds, re- !
ported it without amendment. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom j
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 77) for the relief |
of Enoch B. Talcott, late collector of customs at i
Oswego, New York, reported it without amend- !
ment. |
He also, from the same committee, to whom i
was refeired the adverse report of the Court of \
Claims, on the claim of Charles V. Stuart, asked 1
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to-tiie Committee on Indian
Affairs; which was agreed to, Ij
He also, from the same committee, to whom 'j
was referred the adverse report-of the Court of
Claims, on die claim of Martin B. Lewis, asked ,i
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Indian i
Affairs; which was agreed to. j
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims, 1
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 319) 'J
for the relief of Benjamin Sayre, reported it with-
out amendment. j
BILLS INTRODUCED. ;
Mr. FITCH, in pursuance of previous notice, i!
asked^and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. 1
No. 572) to provide for the construction of cer- j'
tain classes of public works; which was read, ''
and passed to a second reading. j.
Mr. RICE asked, and-by unanimous consent ji
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 573) !
authorizing the entry of land under certain <ur- ls
cumstances by mail contractofs; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public. Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (*S. No.
571) to provide for the payment to the State of
Massachusetts of a balance due to said State for
money expended for the United States during the
war of 1812; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
OREGON COMMISSIONER'S REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Rewhed, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested !
to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the j
public interest, tile leport or leports of tlie commissioner 1
to Oregon and Washington, appointed under the act of 14th j
June, 1858, making appropriations to supply deficiencies j
for the Indian service for the year 1858. j
ottinger's surf-cars.
Mr. ALLErtf. ,1 ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to call up House bill No. 576, for the relief of
Captain Douglas Ottinger. It will probably take
a very few minutes for its consideration. It is a
very meritorious bill. It is but seldom that I
make such applications.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Rhode Island, that at
present it requires unanimous consent.
Unanimous conscnt was given;and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill designated. It proposes [
to pay to Captain Ottinger $10,000, in full com-
pensation for the use of his invention of the life
or surf-cars by the United States; and also to
enable him further to test the practicability of'
adapting such car to the rescuing of passengers j
and ciews during violent gales at sea. j
Mr. ALLEN. I ask that the letter from the ■
Secretary of the Treasury on this subject may be j
read. i
Mr. JONES and others. It is not necessary, j
Mr. ALLEN. I withdraw the call. |
The bill was reported to the Senate without !
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It |
was read a third time. ' i
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the yeas i
and nays on the question of its passage. |
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roli.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has been
compelled to suspend the call of the roll,for it is j
impossible for the. voice of the Secretary to be I
heard, or the answers of Senators; and he will !
continue to do so, as long as the conversation is
so loud and general.
The Secretary concluded the call; and the re-
sult was announced to be—yeas 28, nays 15; as
follows:
YEAS—Mo^srrf. Allen, Bates. Dialer, Bright, Bioderick,
: Uroun. Cameron, Chandler, CI irk, Chittenden, Dixori,
DooUtrlc, Douglas. Darker,* Pitch, Utile, Hamlm, Ilailan.
Houston, Ivereon, Jone^, Push, Seward. Simmons, Stuartj
Thompson of" Kentucky. Wilson, and Ynlee—• 2y.' .
—Messrs. Cnc^nut, CJav, Clmgmau, Davis, Fes-
scndui. Fitzpatnck, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Pearce, Iteid, Rice, Siideii, Toombs, and 11
Ward—15. 'I
So the bill was passed. j|
PACIFIC IUfLROAD. !j
Mr, STUART. Mr. President, I have not for ij
some days been able to come to the Sejsate, and
I ask now the indulgence of the body to dispose
of a measure, which I understand the friends of
it all around desire to do; cind that is, the bill which \\
was passed in regard to receiving propositions to
build a Pacific railroad. There was amotion made !>
to reconsider, and I offered a motion to lay that j
motion on the table. 1 understand there is a de- !
sire of its friends and the Senate generally, that
the question shall be called up, that I may with- :i
draw my motion, and that the Senator from Cal- ''
ifornia may withdiaw his motion to reconsider, 'j
and let the bill go to the House of Reprcsenta-
tivcs. It v,'ill occupy but a moment.
The VECE PRESIDENT. What is the Sen-
ator's motion ?
Mr. STUART. I move to take up the ques-
tion. !j
Mr. YULEE. I suggest to the Senator to allow I
that matter to rest for a short time; the Senator j j
from California, who desires l® be present when ;i
this question comes up,has just now passed over
to the other House, upon a matter of business.
Mr. STUART. Let it lie over for the present.
ELIZABETH M. COCKE.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 561) for
the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Cocke, widow of
the late Major James H. Cocke, late marshal of
the United States for the district of Texas, have
instructed me to offer a substitute for the bill, and
to recommend its passage in thisnamended form.
If any relief is to be afforded to the widow, it
must be done speedily; and on that account, in
accordance with the wishes of the Senators from
Texas, I trust the Senate will take up the bill and
consider it at this time. I will state, in a very few
words, what is the nature of the case, and I think
the Senate will consent to grant my request.
Mr. Cocke, the husband of this lady, and of
whose estate she is administratrix, was the mar-
shal of the United States for the State of Texas.
He had a deputy by the name of Martin, in
whose hands was placed the sum of about three
thousand dollars, which he egibezzled. Mr. Cocke
was in a very infirm state of health at that time,
and according to the testimony of many respect-
able witnesses, among them two physicians, was
so imbecile in mind that he was incapable of dis-
charging any business, either public or private,
fie was, as they state, non compos mentis. He
died, and judgment was rendered in favor of the
United States, against the administratrix,for the
amount that was embezzled by his deputy. The
bill, as introduced by the Senator from Texas,
[lVIp. Ward,] proposed that the execution should
be stayed altogether, and satisfaction entered on
the judgment. The committee, m place of that
bill, report a substitute to this effect: that execu-
tion shall be stayed until time is given to the ad-
ministratrix, under the laws of Texas, to prose-
cute to a final judgment a suitagainst the deputy.
It is said that the money may, perhaps, be made
out of him.
I am assured by the Senator from Texas, as
well as by the memorialist herself, and tho wit-
nesses who aie adduced, that she has a bare living,
and that if execution is levied under this judg-
ment, it will take all she has for the support of
herself and little children. Under these circum-
stances, I think it is equitable relief, and that we
may consent to wait.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not desire to interpose
any obstacle in the way of the honorable Sena-
tor's proposition, and shall be very glad to second
it; but it will be recollected by the Senator that
the case of the Indiana Senators was brought be-
fore the body yesterday, and was postponed until
to-day; and that notice was given by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee that he would
call it up to-day. If I can have a reasonable as-
surance that this bill will not be debated, so that
that question may be called up atonce, 1 shall not
interfere.
Mr. CLAY. If it is debated, I shall not press it.
Mr. SEWARD Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration of the
bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which, as oiigm-
ally introduced, proposed to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause all proceedings m
the suit instituted in the Federal court of Texas
against the administratrix of James H. Cocke, to
be suspended on account of the sum of $2,122, for
which the suit was instituted, having been ab-
stracted from Mr. Cocke's office, by his deputy,
without his consent, and contrary to his knowl-
edge.
The amendment of the committee is to strike
out the whole of the bill, and insert the following
substitute:
Whereas the United Slates, on the 29th day of April,
1857, recovered judgment against Elizabeth M. Cocke, ad-
ministratrix of Jatnc* 11. Cocke, late marshal, and his sure-
ties, before the district court for the eastern district ot Texas,
fur the sum of $2,041 93, and it being made to appear that
it would br> just and equitable that the collection oi tho said
judgment should not at this time be cnfoiccd: Therefoie,
Be it enacted, <ye. That no execution for the amount of
the principal and interest due on the *aid judgment shall be
issued ; and the same be, and is hereby suspended, until
bufilcieuT tjme be allowed under the laws and aecotdmeto
the usual form of legal proceedings m Ttxa-s, for said art-
mmmratrix to prosecute to a final judgment a suit against
Henry Q, Martin, deputy marshal of said James H. Cocke,
