1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
who received and embezzled the money for which said
judgment in favor of the United States vs. said Elizabeth
M. Cocke; administratrix, as foresaid, was rendered.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-,
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
INDIANA ELECTION QUESTION.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from New York
is doubtless awtf're, as other Senators are, that to-
day, by the rules, is set apart for the Private Cal-
endar, which at one o'clock will be called up as a
matter of course by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims. Now* 5f*this Indiana question is
taken up it will be debated all day^ and cannot be
got through with even then. I will remind the
Senate that yesterday, or the day before, I gave
notice that I should ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up,vat half past twelve o'clock to-
day, the Amistad claim, upon which I should not
speak, but upon which I should ask a vote. I am
not aware of anybody who will desire to discuss
it except the Sen^Sr from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon.] I ask the Senate, therefore, to take up
the Amistad case. With the information which
1 have given the chairman of the Committee on
Claims that 1 will not debate it so as to interfere
with the regular call of the Private Calendar, I
have his permission to doit. I hope it will be
taken up.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Virginia will excuse me; but if the Amistad case
is taken up, I shall expect to sustain the report
which I made in behalf of the minority of the
Committee on Foreign Relations againSt'itat the
last session, by an argument commencing with
the capture of the Africans on the coast of Africa,
and ending with the latest stage of the transac-
tion. Whoever else may speak, I shall claim from
the Senate the privilege of sustaining *he report
of the minority on that subject, at reasonable, but
at somewhat necessary length. I therefore shall
be obliged, on that ground, to dissent from the
honorable Senator. 1 cannot consent to give that
case preference over the Indiana election ques-
tion, which concerns the privileges of this body;
which concerns its integrity, which concerns its
chat acter, and which calls for consideration by the
respect due to one of the sovereign States of this
Union. I call for the yeas and nays upon the
proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. The Amistad case will prob-
ably lead to debate quite as much as the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware will pause a moment, until the Chair
states the condition of business. The Senator
from Virginia moves to take up the Amistad
case. The Chair did not understand that the Sen-
ator from New York insisted upon the other
question as one of privilege.
Mr. SEWARD. I did, sir, as one of priv-
ilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT- It, then,supersedes
the motion of the Senator from Virginia, and
comes up of course.
Mr. BAYARD. I was about to state that one
is a privileged question, the other is not. Either
will lead to debate, to a certain extent. I think,
however, that a vote of the Senate, testing its
judgment sufficiently for the purposes of the
other side of the Chamber, can be taken on the
Indiana case, without any very prolonged debate .
I do not know to what extent honorable Senators
mean to carry it; but it is a privileged question,
and the report of the committee ou^ht to be dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee on
the Judiciary ask to be discharged from the con-
sideration of the memorial of the Legislature of
Indiana.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the following'amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I will ask the indulgence of
the Senator and the consent of the Senate for one
moment, to let me dispose of a motion 1 made
sometime ago.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse me; but I have got but ten minutes to dis-
pose of this question.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the majority of the
Senate can keep the question up.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, if the majority choose
to do so; but I have evidence of such a dispo-
sition on the part of the majority. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on the Judiciary ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the Leg-
islature of Indiana; and the Senator from New
York proposes to amend it, by adding:
And that Henry S. Lane and William M. McCarty have
leave to occupy seats on the floor of the Senate pending the
discussion of the report of the Comnnuec on the Judiciary,
on the memorial of the Legislature of Indiana declaring them
hci duly elected Senators ; and that they Isavc leave to
speak to the mo its of their lights to seats, and on the i eport
of the committee. ^
Mr. PUGFI. I move to amend theamendment,
by striking out all after the word " that," and
inserting what I send to the Chair:
The resolution of the Senate, adopted June 10, 1858,
affirming the light of Gi ahcim N. Fitch and Jess>e I). Blight,
as Senator:! elected from the State of Indiana, the former
until the 4th day of Mai eh. 1S61, and the latter until the 4th
day of Maich, 1833, was atinal vote on all the piemi^es then
iri conhoversy, and conclusive, as wHI upon the Legi-la-
tmo of Indiana, and ail persons claiming under its author-
ity, as upon the Senator named in ihe resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. It will not be necessary, Mr.
President, that I detain the Senate by any ex-
tended argument. I shall content myself with
stating a few distinct piopositions in a consecu-
tive manner. First, this question is one of trans-
cendent importance. It is important in regard to
the personal membership of this body. If those
who appear here now by the direction of the
State of Indiana, given by her constituted author-
ities, speak the truth, and present a just claim,
then that State is now disfranchised in the Senate
of the United States. She is unrepresented in
this body; worse than that, sii, if this claim be
ji just, she is misiepresented m this body. This,
! supposing the title of the claimants for the seats
to be sound, is injustice to the State of Indiana';
it is tyrannical over the State of Indiana. This
legislative body has no exemplar in the woild.
Wlule it is in form a Legislature, it is in fact a
congress of ministers from confederated States in
one view, and for many purposes sovereign States.
The integrity of that.Confederacy can only be
preserved by securing a just, fair, and equal and
true representation of its members. To leave one ,
of them unrepresented is a great evil. To oblige
one to be trusiepiesented is an intolerable evil.
Thus much as to the impoi tance of tin* question .
It is answered to tins proposition which I have
submitted, that the Senate has already decided
the question as to the title ofthese seats; that the
decision is a judicial one; final, absolute, irre-
versible; and so one which cannot admit of re-
consideration. Tins seems to me an extraordmai y
proposition. 1 cannot conceive upon what iour d
it can be claimed that any decision winch has ever
I been made by this body is incapable of reconsid-
eration. I can conceive of a mistaken theory of
the constitution of the Senate which leads to this
extraordinary conclusion. I imagine that Sena-
tors coming fiom a different forum, coming fiom
the bar, coming from courts of justice, and familiar
with their proceedings and practices, suppose that
when the Senate decides upon a question of elec-
tions or of privilege like this, it pronounces a
judgment, and similar to the judgment of a court;
and then they invoke the principle that the deiib-
eiate judgment of a court fiom which theie is no
appeal, and winch has no power of reconsidei-
ation, is final. I take i.ssue with the whole of this
theory, from beginning to end. It is true the Con-
stitution does say that each House, of Congress
shall be the judge of the qualifications of its own
members; but it uses the word judge, in the sense
of considering and determining a legislative ques-
tion, not in asense which converts tins legislative
body into a tribunal or court of justice, it is of
the very essence of the constitution of the Sen-
ate that it is not in any case judicial, except when
it sits as a court for the trial of impeachments,
and then it is culled nolongeraSenate,butis called
a court, and expressly constituted a court by the
organic law. In all other cases it is a legislative
body. The order which has been adopted with
regard to this Indiana question is buta resolution,
a legislative act, a gathering of the sense of a ma-
jority of the Senate, conclusive and final until
reconsidered, or repealed,-or abolished, or legis-
lated away by another resolution, or by another
law. Suppose a seat should be granted here, on
due consideration of credentials, -which should
afterwards be ascertained to be forged. Must the
guilty incumbent nevertheless retain a place among
us, and unite in deciding on the interests and pol-
icy of this great maion ? Must he do so, even -
excluding a legal ana true representative of fehe
State misrepresented ?
This is the very essence of a legislative body
in this country, that it is bound by no precedents,
that it is governed by no paramount law, except
the constitution of the State or of the United
States. Where the Constitution of the United
States does not restrain its action, it is at liberty
to act upon its discretion, upon its sense of jus-
tice, to-day, and to reverse to-morrow what it did
to-day, and to reverse fifty years hence what it
did fifty years ago. All legislative bodies—the
Parliament of England, and parliaments every-
where—have always been governed by this prin-
ciple. Even-in those semi-judicial transactions,
those acts which assume something pf a judicial
character, affecting personal and individual rights
and estates, acts of confiscation and of attainder,
in the British Parliament, they are perpetually re-
considered; sometimes the next day, even-before
the sentence of deprivation is executed; some-
times the next year, sometimes ten years, some-
times fifty years after they have been executed,
and thnv are reversed at pleasure.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Yoik yield to the Senator from Geor-
Mr. IVERSON". I rise to call for the special
; order. Private bills were set apart for one o'clock.
| Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the Senator to al-
i low me to continue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
' the Senator from New York is in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to ask the Chair
■ what is the subject befoie the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not yield the floor to
allow a motion to be made to call me from the
floor.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 ask what is the question
i before the Senate.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
■ fore the Senate is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio to the amendment.
i Mr. IVERSON. What was the original prop-
1 osition ?
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The original prop-
osition was the report of the Committee on the
I Judiciary, asking to be discharged from the further
consideration .ot the memorial of the State of In-
f diana.
Mr. i VERSON. Did the Senate agree to take
1 up that report ?
Mr. SEWARD. It came up as a question of
P'Thc"viGE PRESIDENT The Chair repeat-
edly, at the last session of Congress, decided it
[ to be a question of privilege, but under the con-
' trol of tke Senate at any time. The Senator from
; New York, in the opinion of the Chair, is in
, older.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the constitu-
i tion of a court is entirely different from the con-
stitution of a legislative body. It is of the very
naiuie of a oouit of justice, that it is directed by
laws written and piescnbed by a superior power,
and to which it must conform its judgment. It
must, moreover, proceed upon the evidence or
t-sumony received. It can and must exclude all
: knowledge of the subject-matter of the merits of
any case which it examines, except what is sub-
mitted to it by parties litigating before it; it must
conform to laws and precedents which have been
, established by itself or by higher tribunals or le-
giblatuics. Now, how different is this from the
form m which questions are heard, tried, and de-
termined here? We take no testimony—that
. is to say, we need to take none. We act upon
information communicated to us,.no matter by
, whom leceived, no matter in what way, even on
' infoirnation existing in our own bieasts, which
we may, if we choose, suppress. We act not
necessarily in obedience or conformity to any pre-
cedents, but upon our own sense of right, neces-
sity, and expediency, wuh regard to the public
, welfare. Insomuch as we have no guidance ex-
cept the Constitution, which is silent in regard
i; to the great mass of matters which come before
