APPENDIX TO TUP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 9,
35tb CoNe....2i> Sess.
haws of the United States.
riyer, in theTerritory of Arizona, New lN5exico,
now occupied by the confederated bands of Pima
*nd Maricopa Indians; and the sum of one thou-
sand dollars is hereby appropriated to defray the
expenses of the said survey.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted?, That the Pres-
ident- of the United States be, and he hereby is,
authorized and required to set apart the tract or
tracts of land aforesaid as a reservation for the con-
federated bands of Pimas and Maricopas: Pro-
vided, That the said reservations shall no t exceed
one hundredsquare miles i  extent.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the sum
of ten thousand dollars is hereby appropriated to
enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to make
suitable presents to the Pimas and Maricopas, ia
acknowledgment of their locality to this Govern-
ment, and the many Ipft&nesses heretofore ren-
dered by them to our. citizens.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, in ad-
justing, the claims of half-breed Indians under the
tenth.article of the treaty of Prairie du Chien, of
the fifteenth of July, eighteen hundred ajwJ. thirty,
lying, within the Nemobaw reservation therein
described,as surveyed, by McCoy,, and confirmed
by section thirteen of the, act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine,"
approved June twelfth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, there shall be found a deficiency in the
quantity of land necessary, to carry out the inten-
tions of said treaty, then there shall be retained
out of the proceeds of that portion of the public
lands excluded from said reservation,as sajd half-
breeds claimed its boundaries by the McCoy sur-
vey and the thirteenth section of the said act of
July twelfth, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, so
much money as shall equal that deficiency, esti-
mating the same at one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre; which said sum of money shall be
Eaid to the Secretary of the Interior, to be held
y him in trust for such of said half-breeds as shall
be found entitled to it, and fay him be paid to them
or invested for their benefit, as he shall think most
judicious and proper, after the said mixed bloods
shall have relinquished to the United States all ■
their interest in and to said deficiency in said res-
ervation.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, under the direction j
of the Secretary of the Interior, is hereby author-
ized and direct^ to prepare rules and regulations [
for the government of the Indian service, and for j
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes and \
the regulations of their affairs; and whenapproved !
by the President, shall be submitted to the Con- !
gress of the United States for its approval: Pro- j
vided, That such laws, rules, and regulations j
proposed shall not be m force until enacted by '
Congress.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much
of the act entitled "An act to regulate trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to preserve
peace on the frontiers," approved June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-four, as provides that
the United States shall make indemnification out
of the Treasury for property taken or destroyed
in certain cases, by Indians trespassing on white
men as described in the said act, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed: Provided,however, That noth-
ing herein contained shall be so construed as to
impair or destroy the obligation of the Indians to
make indemnification out of the annuities as pre-
scribed in said act.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
said company taking the oath required by the
fourth section of the act entitled '' An act to au-
thorize th.e register, or enrollment and license to
be issued in the name of th.e president or secre-
tary of any incorporated company owning 9
steamboat or vessel," passed March three, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-five. And nothing con-
tained in said act shall be construed to prevent
the oath required by the fourth section of said
act from being taken by said president, or secre-
tary, of the said Buffalo and Lake Huron Rail-
way Company, by reason of any.personal dis-
ability, or otherwise.
Approved, March 1, 1859.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act supplemental to an act
for the admission of the State of Minnesota
into the Union..
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the judge of the district court for
the district of Minnesota shall hold a term of said
court in each year at the following places, to wit:
at Preston, to commence on the first Monday in
June; and at St. Paul on the first Monday in Oc-
tober. "the judge of the said court shall appoint
a clerk for said district, who shall reside at and
keep the records and papers of said court at either
of the places herein designated for the holding of
said court, as the judge, in his discretion, shall
direct.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXVIII.—An Act to authorize the Enroll-
ment, Registry, and License of certain Steam-
boats, or Vessels, owned by the Buffalo and
Lake Huron Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled That certificates of enrollment, register,
or license, shall issue for any American-built
steamboat or steamboats, vessel or vessels, now
owned, or which shall hereafter be owned, by the
Buffalo and Lake Huron Railway Company, a
corporation created under and by virtue of the
laws of the State of New York, in the name of
•aid company, on the president  r secretary of
Chap. LXXV.—An Act making Appropriation
for the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses of
the Government for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
objects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States at
Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain,
Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China, Chili, Peru, Por-
tugal, Switzerland, Rome, Naples, Sardinia, Bel-
gium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden,Turkey, Bu-
enos Ayres, New Granada, Bolivia, Ecuador,
Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Isl-
ands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Argentine Confed-
eration, and Paraguay, two hundred and four
thousand dollars: Provided, That no other em-
bassador, envoy extraordinary, minister plenipo-
tentiary, minister resident, commissioner, diplo-
maticrepresentative, or charge d'affaires, shall be
entitled to any compensation during the said fis-
cal year: And provided, That nothing in this act
shall be construed to interfere with the disburse-
ment of the amount hereinafter appropriated for
the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, three thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to China,
acting as interpreter, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Tur-
key, acting as dragoman, three thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingentexpenses of foreign intercourse,
sixty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, two thousand.dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. t*
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and crews
of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens of the Uni-
ted States from shipwreck, ten thousand dollars,
to be expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
arms of the United States, seals, presses, flags,
and for the payment of postages and miscellane-
ous expenses of the consuls of the United States,
ferty thousand dollars.
For office rent for those consuls-general, con-
suls, and commercial agents, who are not allowed
to trade, including loss by exchange thereon,
viz: for office rent, twenty-two thousand three
hundred and seventy dollars.
For salary of minister resident at Japan, from
the nineteenth day of January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, to the thirtieth of June next, three
thousand three hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For salary of minister resident at Japan, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of consuls-general at (Quebec, Cal-
cutta, Alexandria, Havana, Constantinople,
"Frankfort-on-the-Main; consuls at Liverpool,
London, Melbourne, Hong Kong, Glasgow,
Mauritius, Singapore, Belfast, Cork, Dundee,
Demarara, Halifax, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds,
Man.chest.er, Nassau, (New Providence,) South-
ampton, Turk's Island, Prince Edward's Island,
Havre, Paris,Marseilles,Bordeaux,La Rochelle,
Lyons, Moscow, Odessa,, Revel, Saint Peters-
burgh, Matanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago
de Cuba, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga,
Ponce, (Porto Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix-la-
Chapelle, Canton, Shanghai, Fouchou, Amoy,
Ningpo, Beirut, Smyrna, Jerusalem, Rotterdam,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Funchal, Oporto, Saint
Thomas, Elsineur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva, Mes-
sina, Naples, Palermo, Leipsic, Munich, Leg-
horn, Stuttgardt, Bremen, Hamburgh, Tangiers,
Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de Janeiro, Pernambuco,
VeraCrux, Acapulco, Callao, Valparaiso, Buenos
Ayres, San Juan del Sur, Aspinwall, Panama,
Laguayra, Honolulu, Lahaina, Capetown, Falk-
land Islands, Venice, Stettin, Candia, Cyprus,
Batavia, Fayal, Santiago, (Cape de Verdes,)
Saint Croix, Spezzia, Athens, Zanzibar, Bahia,
Maranham Island, Para, Rio Grande, Matamo-
ras, Mexico, (city,) Tampico, Paso del Norte,
Tabasco, Paita, Tumbez, Talcahuano, Cartha-
gena, Sabanillo, Omoa, Guayaquil, Cobija, Mon-
tevideo, Tahiti, Bay of Islands, Apia, Lanthala;
commercial agents at San Juan del Norte, Port
au Prince, San Domingo, (city,) St. Paul de
Loanga, (Angola,) Monrovia, Gaboon, Cape
Haytien, Aux Cayes, and Amoor River, two
hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the commissioner, secre-
tary, chief astronomer and surveyor, assistant
astronomer and surveyor, clerk, and for provi-
sions, transportation, and contingencies of the
commission to run and mark the boundary line
between the United States and the British pos-
sessions bounding on Washington Territory, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For compensation and per diem of the commis-
sioner, compensation of the surveyor, and for the
payment of all expenses of the commission under
the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, twenty-
three thousand dollars.
To enable the President of the United States
to carry into effect the act of Congress of third
March, eighteen hundred and nineteen, and any
subsequent acts now in force for the suppression
of the slave trade, seventy-five thousand dollars:
Provided, That so much of said appropriation as
may be required to pay expenses already incurred
may be used from and after the passage of this
act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the salary
provided by the third section of "An act to regu-
late the diplomatic and consular systems of the
United States," approved August eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, as compensation
for the consul general of British North America,
as by schedule B, shall be in full of all compensa-
tion allowed to that officer; and all fees received
by any vice consul or commercial agent in British
North America, exceeding the amount allowed
by the President as compensation for his services;
and all fees received by said consul general, shall
be accounted for by such officers, respectively, to
the Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fee
for certifying invoices, and for certifying the place
of growth or production of goods made duty free
by the reciprocity treaty, to bo charged by the
consul general for the British North American
provinces and subordinate consular officers, or
agents in said provinces, shall be fifty cents for
