958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
' us; as we have no formal testimony submitted to
us, it follows that we may err; that we do often
err; and it is because we can and may and must
err so often, that wc are mad£ responsible to the
people to answer for the manner in which we dis-
charge ourgreat duty, at the expiration of limited
terms of service, that the people may judge
whether we decided in all cases rightly, whether
we decided wisely, whether decided justly.
But insomuch as wc may err so often and must
err soo often, we also have always a right to re-
viewfand corrcct our errors. Legislative errors
are not corrected by higher tribunals, but only
by themselves. "We can only correct our errors
by reconsidering our judgments ourselves. If we
neglect or refuse to do so, the people will dismiss
us and call into our places those who can, and, if
need be, will, revise all our doings and correct all
our errors.
I protest, therefore, sir, in the outset, against
the doctrine which, by fanciful analogy, transfers
from the law-books of the courts to this Senate
Chamber—the*principle of res adjudicata* "I deny
that any decision which the Senate can make, any
law which it can pass, is final, and is not always
and forever a subject of reconsideration.
Sir, the great sedition and stamp act, which
passed Congress in the time of Mr. Adams's ad-
ministration, has been a thousand times, I had
almost said, condemned in positive and effective
legislation in the Senate Chamber. The great act
which distinguished the administration of General
Jackson, when the Senate pronounced the solemn
judgment that his conduct of a great financial ques-
tion was derogatory, from the independence of
Congress, and from the Constitution of the United
States, has been reversed; and the Senate has, on
such reconsideration, and after the lapse of years,
obliterated even the record which contained that
judgment. It will be possible to-morrow, next
year, ten years hence, fifty years hencc, for this
body to review any transaction of this day, even
the decision you are now to make in this very
case.
Thus much, sir, in regard to the law of the sub-
ject. .Now, with reference to the merits of the
case, I .main lain, with great deference for the Sen-
ate, that it is bound,in fairness, to the State of In-
diana, to give a reconsideration of this subject.
The Senate is bound, byall its precedent action,
to give that reconsideration. Certainly I need not
argue this question. The Senate is even now en-
gaged in that very act of reconsideration. What
is the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
but a proceeding in the very act of reconsidera-
tion? We are to pronounce judgment once more
by an order. The committee submit a report,
and ask ns to make a new order in the case. We
may make the order they recommend, which is
adverse to the claimants. Wc may equally make
a different one—adecision in their favor. What-
ever order we make will be the decision of the
Senate on the reconsideration of the Indiana
case.
I come now to make an appeal to the discreet,
deliberate consideration of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. The State of Indiana to-day affirms
that the decision which was rendered at the last
session was erroneous, unjust, oppressive, and
tyrannical; that it deprives her of representation
m this place; that it maintains here, as her iepre-
senUuivcs, those whom she has not chosen. Cer-
tainly, it may be true that she is in error; but if
shft is, it is au error that is not fulyto be punished
by refusing a hearing of her complaints. States
are never to be punished so. It may bo that the
State of Indiana has changed the opinion to-day
which she had two yeais ago, when the present
incumbents took their seats here,certainly under
some form of credentials from that State.' It is
the right of ihc States of this Union to err; it i3
inevitable that they sholl; it is their right to re-
consider; and when they do reconsider, they have
a just claim to be heard by every tribunal that
has a judgment-to pronounce upon the subject.
The security of public liberty consists in the
changes and fluctuations of public opinion, which
enable the States of this Union to-day to correct
the error of a previous day, and to-morrow to
review the decision of to-day.
But this is no case of reconsideration on the part
of Indiana. The Legislature of Indiana are here
to-day for the first time. Now, for the fust time
throughout all this litigation, they appear here,
and insist^that the present incumbents are not her
representatives; but that the Senators who ought
to be speaking her voice and pronouncing her will
here, are those who are now standing outside,
waiting for you to open the door and let them
come into the Senate Chamber. Your decision,
when it was made before, was made when there
was no contestant, when there was no organiza-
tion of the State in activity which could appear
here and set up what is now claimed to have been
at that time the will of the State of Indiana.
It is due to the harmony of this Union that the
State of Indiana shall be indulged in a hearing of
this case. If she is to be heard at all, then it fol-
lows th&t it is her right that she shall be heard by
those whom she has sent here for the purpose of
speaking in her behalf. She has not trusted me,
sir; she has has not trusted my honorable friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] or any other
member of this body, with her powers; we owe
her no obligation; we do not understand her will
and pleasure; but she has sent here two of her
citizens, men in whom she confides, and whom
she honors. To refuse them the privilege of ar-
guing and maintaining her cause, while it is al-
lowed to those who, like myself, are at best but
volunteers in her behalf, and who, moreover,
must necessarily be judges themselves of the mat-
ter in dispute, is absolutely to grant the form and
deny thfesubstance of reconsideration.
If I am at all right in what I have said in regard
to the character of this question, and have made
myself understood, I have prepared my way for
another proposition, involved in the present case
—a proposition which will stand out in the history
of this transaction, marking for all time as the de-
termination of the Senate to refuse to allow a re-
consideration of an election that was illegal. Sir,
the Constitution of the United States declares that
Senators in Congress, in the absence of any law
of Congress, shall be elected by the Legislatures
of the States. It is the opinion of a majority of
the Senate, as ascertained in the case of the Iowa
election, that that choice by the Legislature, as
a legislative act, must be made in a legislative
way, by the action of the Legislature of Indiana,
consisting of two branches, each of which is duly
organized, constituted, and appointed, and each
of which proceeds, in its own Chamber, with the
forms of election by acts of legislation. Now,
sir, this memorial of the State of Indiana, pre-
sented by these claimants, shows, what we all
knew before, that the Legislature of Indiana con-
sists of two legislative bodies—a Senate and a,
House of Representatives.
The VICE PPvESIDENT. The Senator from
New York will be kind enough to pause a mo-
ment. The Chair is obliged to appeal, for the
third time, to the members of the Senate, to pre-
serve order. The confusion in the Hall is so
great that the Chair can scarcely hear the Senator
who is addressing the body; but if supported by
the Senate, he will stop the public business until
th^ confusion ceases.
Mr. SEWARD. The constitution of the State
of Indiana says, a Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives are the Legislature of Indiana. A quo-
rum, capable to transact the business of either
House, is two thirds of that body. This memo-
lictl shows the fact that the incumbents of these
seats now on this floor were elected, or supposed
to be elected, by the action of some members of
that body, without the action of a quorum of either
of the two Houses, and without the attendance,
and in the absence of, even a plurality of one of
the two bodies.
Sir, when so grave a charge is made, and is
made by so important a character as a State,
when so vigorous an assault as this is thus made
against a decision of this body called res adjudi-
cata, it is time for us to pause and consider
whether we have the power to bind down the in-
telligence and wisdom, the searching and scrutin-
izing activity of the people of the United States,
and whether we can disarm public censure by
pleas either that our judgments are infallible, or
our dignity will not endure an appeal made to us
to revise them.
This, sir, constitutes what I have to say upon
this subject. I know not how far others may dis-
cuss it. Upon what I have stated, I ask the Sen-
ate to reject the amendment which has been pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio to my proposition,
1 and to accept that proposition as an amendment
to the order or resolution submitted to the Senate
by the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. SEIDELL. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this question until tp-morrow.
-Mr. PUGH. I suggest to the Senator from
Louisiana the shorter way would be, as his col-
league is entitled to the floor on another question,
to move that this matter lie on the table; the Sen-
ator from New York shall have his speech an-
swered at the proper time. I do not think this
the proper time. I think the Senator from Louis-
iana is entitled to the floor. I move that the sub-
ject be laid on the table.
Mr. SEIDELL. I yield to a suggestion made
to me by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Bright.]
He says there are matters which have been in-
troduced in the speech of the Senator from New
York that require an instant reply, and he desires
to make it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Louisiana
misunderstood rne. I should like very much to
reply to the'remarks of the Senator from New
York, but my friends have advised my colleague
and myself that it is better fottjra to leave our case
to their hands. I am unwilrmg to say anything
that would violate what I regard as the proprie-
ties of the body; or otherwise, I should before
this, have replied to remarks made by that Sen-
ator—I mean the Senator from New York—in
the discussion of our case; but 1 propose to leave
that to other Senatois,and shall seek some other
occasion to answer his gross misrepresentations
of facts connected with our case.
Mr. PUGH. Now, with the leave of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, I move to lay the subject on
the table, with a view to allow his colleague to he
heard.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire that this question
may be disposed of, because the gentlemen who
claim the seats are "here; and I cannot bring my-
self to the conclusion that the Senate will icfuse
to allow them to argue their case at its bar; and,
if they are to be allowed 
Mr. PUGH. I am really constrained to call
the Senator to order. The motion is not debata-
ble; and I made it for the purpose of giving the
Senator from Louisiana the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the Senator's lib-
erality, then, to allow me to state further 
Mr. PUGH. s Very well.
Mr. SEWARD. I barely wish to say that, as
I hope and trust that these claimants will be ad-
mitted to argue their claim on the floor of the
Senate, it is but reasonable that they should have
the notice necessary, at least a day, for the pur-
pose of meeting that question. We are late now
in the session; and, unless they be heard soon,
they cannot be heard at all, and therefore I must
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
this subject on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the resolution reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee do lie on the table, and on this
question the yeas and nays arc demanded.
The yeas and nays weie oidcred.
Mr. GREEN. Permit me to ask a question.
Is it intended to make this vote final, provided
the motion be carried ? If so, I think it had better
go on the table; but otherwise it might as well be
disposed of to-day.
M. TRUMBULL. What was thc.qucstion ?
Mr. GREEN. Is it the understanding of Sen-
ators that this vote will be final if carried in the
affirmative ?
Mr. PUGH. Oh, no.'
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the gentleman
ought, in all candor, to, be answered that laying
this on the table is no disposition of the subject.
It is still subjcct to be called up at any time as a
question of privilege.
Mr. GREEN. I was well aware of it, and
therefore wished to know whether it was the un-
derstanding of Senators that this should be a
final disposition of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all.
Mr. SL1DELL. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw his motion, then, as it evidently
will not effect the object he has in view; and I
now move to postpone the further consideration
of this subject.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senate lay this question upon
the table, it cannot be taken up without a vote.
If it goes over by postponement, any Senator
may call it up; but after the Senate has laid a
