1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95i
question of privilege on the table, it is effectually
there, and cannot come up withouta vote. When
other subjects are disposed of, wKen the Senators
who have the floor on them jshall be heard, I think
it would be well enough to take up this question.
I think the extraordinary doctrines announced
in the speech of the Senator from New York can"'
be completely answered; but it ought not to be
done now, when*a Senator is entitled to the floor.
Therefore, I move to lay the subject on the table,
in order that the Senator, from Louisiana [Mr.
Benjamin] may proceed with his argument on the
Cuba question. •
Mr. BAYARD.^ I suppose the effect of the
motion necessarily to be what the. Senator from
Ohio states. I shall certainly consider that I am
discharged from any obligation to call up this res-
olution now, if the Senate by its own vute lays it
on the table. Until some order of. the Senate of
this kind be made, it is a question of privilege
which has the right of precedence; but if the Sen-
ate choose t<> dispose of such a question by laying
it on the table, I do not see that it differs from any
other case when business before the body is laid
on the table. There'must be a motion to take
it up, and the Senate must order it to be taken up,
before it can be again reached. If that is not to
be the effect, but it is to take precedence at any
time any Senator may choose to ask foi it, with-
out a'vote of the Senate, it would be better to take
a vote now or postpone it informally. „ I only
rose to state my own view, that, as chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, having made this
report to the Senate, if the Senate think it right
and proper in reference to other business of the
body to lay this resolution on the table,* I shall
not consider myself bound to call it up.
Mr. TRUMBXJLL. I should like to make a sug-
gestion, in regard to this matter, which, I think,
if othef gentlemen would fall into, it would per-
haps save time. It is desirable that we should
determine the preliminary question whether the
gentlemen who are here from Indiana will be per-
mitted to argue their case ? If they are permitted
to argue it, of course we do not wish to do so. I
hope that question will be brought up and decided.
If the Senate refuse to grant them this privilege, I
think there will be no pressing upon our side to
take up the time of the Senate, out of place, or to
the inconvenience of anybody, in discussing the
matter. It is desirable that the preliminary ques-
tion should be settled. Now, if we could get at
that, we c<$ild settle it in a very few minutes. I
presume no one wishes to discuss it at length.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will let it go over
until after the speech of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, I shall be willing then to take it up. I con-
sider what he calls the preliminary question as the
real question. The report of the committee is,
that there is no case; and if there is no case, there
is no party to be heard.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to say to the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois that I think he mistakes
what is the preliminary question here. The pre-
liminary question is, whether the Senate will re-
consider, for any purpose, the judgment which
they passed—as I call it, a judgment judicial in its
nature—on the motion of the honorable Senator
from Ohio at the" last session. Until they have
determined that, all questions arising under a
subsequent election, undertaking b^ subordinate
authority to reverse that decision, must necessa-
rily be secondary in their chaiacter. The prelim-
inary question is, whether the Senate will reopen
the case, and that the Senate is competent to de-
cide.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. SEWARD, Mr. DOUGLAS, and others.
What is the question?
Mr. COLLXMER. I wish to inquire whether
there is any such effect of laying on the table as
gentlemen suggest? I suppose tliat layingonthe
table in this body is only disposing temporarily
of the order of business. Tins report lay on the
table this morning; but, I take it, it is a question
of privilege, subject to be called up at any time
by any gentleman regularly having the floor,
without any vote of the Senate. Now, I under-
stand gentlemen to insist that if it is laid on the
table by a vote, it will require a vote of the Senate
to bring it up. 1 wish to inquire whether that is
the law of the case.? Suppose it was laid on the
table yesterday by unanimous consent, and to-
day by unanimous consent: it is subject to be al-
ways called up. Now, I wish to know whether
it loses that privileged character by being laid
there by a vote?
Mr. BROWN. That is a question to be settled
when it arises.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will say
to the Senator from Vermont that he must determ-
ine that question when it comes up ' He is not
perfectly clear in Km own mind'. It is not a ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to be caught
in any trap.
Several Senators. Call the roll.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That the resolution,
with the amendments, lie on the table; and the
Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. GREEN. I have paired off on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Maine, Mr. Hamlin.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biglcr, Brown,
Cliesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davis!, Fuzpatrick, Gwm, Ham-
mond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason,
Polk,Pugh, ltcul, Rice, Sebastian, Slid ell, Stewart, Thomp
son ol Kentucky, Toombs, and Ward—31.
NAYS—Mesbis. Bates, Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chan-
dlery Claik, Coiiainer, Doolittle, Douglas, Duikee, Fcascn-
den, Foot, Haie, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Trum-,
bull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The Chair now
I calls up the Private Calendar set apart by reso-
lution for to-day.
Mr.SLIDELL. I move to postpone that and
all prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the bill for the acquisition of
Cuba. I will state that my colleague had the
floor at the adjournment yesterday, had com-
menced to address the Senate, and yielded to a
motion to adjourn, on the understanding that he
was to go on to-day. I further say, that when
he shall have spoken, I shall be prepared to vote
to proceed with the Private Calendar.
Mr. 1VERSON. I certainly would be very
loth to interfere with the prerogative of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, to*speak to-day, more espe-
cially as there seems to be a very general desire
and expectation to listen to him; but I feel it my
duty to defend the Private Calendar, and I am
averse to allowing it to be postponed, unless there
can be some understanding upon the subject. If
the Senate will allow me to offer the resolution
which I hold in my hand and will adopt it, I will
give way, and let the whole day be devoted to
something else; to the Cuba question, or the tariff
question, or anything else. I ask that I may be
permitted to offer the following resolution:
Fusolvcd) That the Senate will to morrow, atone o'clock,
proceed to the con-idenmon or' lull? on the Private Calen-
I dar ; and that to moriow shall be devoted to the same.
I If the Senate consent to let the Private Calen-
I dar be taken up to-morrow at one o'clock, I shall
| be very happy to allow anythingto go on to-day
I the Senate may think proper to order. I trust at
| least one day will be given to the Private Calen-
^ dar. I have counted over fifty bills on the Pri-
! vate Calendar from the House of Representatives,
, besides those which originated in the Senate, and
1 the Calendar is growing heavier and heavier every
day. Some of the claims are pressing, and urging
for consideration. It strikes me they ought at
j least to be considered by the Senate. I do not
• think the Senate will devote more than one or two
days, "in the rest of the session, to the considera-
: tion of private bills; but I trust I shall be allowed
j at least to offer this resolution, and that the Sen-
1 ate will, by general consent, take up the Private
; Calendar to-morrow, and let this debate go on
i to-day.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unani-
! mous consent to the introduction of the resolu-
: tion ?
| Mr. MASON. I have not read the resolution;
but I suggest to the honorable Senator the pro-
priety of so modifying it as to confine,the first
; day of the call to those bills which give rise to no
i debate.
Mr. IYERSON. The Senate can order that
to-morrow, when the Private Calendar shall be
taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that we can proceed to the Private Calendar after
the Senator from Louisiana makes his speech*
but if the Senate think it necessary, upon motibn
to^morrow they can take up the Private-Calendar
without adopting a resolution setting to-morrow
apart for that purpose. I prefer to let business
take the regular course.
Mr. HUNTER. I must object to this course.
There is a Pulafec Calendar.-
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the resolution of the Senator from Georgia?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yds, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Louis-
iana.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana commenced to speak yester-
day on the Cuba bill. I withdraw for the purpose
of hearing him. I desire to hear him conclude;
and I shall ask the general consent of the Senate
to take up the resolution, on which I desire to sub-
mit some remarks on the tariff, on Monday, at
one o'clock. If that be the general pleasure of
the Senate, I shall desire to address them on Mon-
day, at one o'clock. [" Agreed."]'
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia hardly states the case fairly, when he says
the Senator from Louisiana began his speech yes-
terday. I understand he simply uttered a single
sentence—that is all. It was no substantial be-
ginning of a speech. I certainly should be as
willing to extend courtesy to the Senator from
Louisiana as anybody in the world; but I remem-
ber the last time I made a speech in the Senate of
any length, I spoke one day, and several days in-
tervened before I could get an opportunity to con-
clude, and I did not find any disposition to accom-
modate me. I think we owe it to the Private
Calendar and to the claimants to go on with it
to-day. I have no doubt the Senator can be heard
to-morrow or some other time. 'But, sir, there is
no certainty, if the Private Calendar is postponed
until to-morrow, that we can then get up private
claims There will be the chairman of the Finance
Committee, who, I think, has studied Lord Coke
so much, as to follow that injunction which tells
him to m$ke continual claim, and he will be press-
ing his revenue bills. The consideration of the
resolution of the Senator from Georgia has been
objected to, and I hope, in justice to the private
claimants, that we shall adhere to the order we
have made.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I would appeal to the
Senator from Tennessee to withdraw his objec-
tion and let us take a vote on the resolution, for
this simple reason: I am averse to voting in such
a way as will show any disinclination to accom-
modate the Senator from Louisiana, if he desires
to speak to-day, as I understand he does; but I
am anxious, also, to go on with the Private Cal-
endar; and I have no objection to substituting
to-morrow for to-day in that particular. If the
Senator will withdraw his objection, and let that
resolution pass, it will place me, and a number
j of my fr.iends on this side of the House, in such
' a condition that wo can yield at once to the wishes
I of the Senator from Louisiana and his friends,
j and let him occupy to-day; but we can only do
I so with that understanding. We shall be com-
pelled to vote against it, unless the resolution of
, the Senator from Georgia be adopted.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before with-
; drawing the objection, 1 wtll state that, after the.
i Senator from Louisiana shall conclude his speech,
if the Senate is willing to go on with something
else, I will call up the homestead bill, and we can
art on that. I withdraw mv objection.
' The VICE PRESIDENT?. The Chair hearing
no objection, the resolution of the Senator from
I Georgia is before the Senate. The Secretary will
lead 31.
The Secretary r^d it, as follows:
ResolectU That tne Senate will on to-morrow, at ©no
o'clock, proceed to the consideration of the bills upon the
Private Calendar, and that to-moirow shall be devoted to
the same.
Mr. HUNTER. I think if we have a spare
day, we had bettc-i devote it to the appropriation
bills. I am unwilling to have that .resolution
adopted.
Mr. FESSENI5EN, I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that he has been so
easy in his mind in respect to the appropriation
bills for this week past, that devoting to-morrow
