1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
85th Cong....2d Sess.
each certificate, and no more. And no such cer-
tificate of the growth or production shall be re-
quired for goods not exceeding in value the sum
of two hundred dollars.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXVI —An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty of-
ficers and seamen, including the engineer corps of
the Navy, three million nine hundred and thirty
thousand four hundred and thirty nine dollars.
For the payment of officers restored to the
Navy under the provisions of the act of January
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fiftyseven, dur-
ing the period of their retirement or suspension,
sixty-two thousand three hundred and ninety-
four dollars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marines attached to vessels for sea service, nine
hundred and forty-five thousand eight hundred
and forty dollars.
For surgeons* necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the en-
gineer and marine corps, thirty-five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the
mode prescribed by law for other materials, and
for the transportation thereof, six hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, three hundred thousand dollars.
For the repair, armament, and equipment, of
vessels, one million dollars: Provided, That not
more than one thousand dollars shall be expended
in any navy-yard m tiie repair of any vessel until
the necessity of such repair and the probable cost
thereof is ascertained by the report of a board of
not less than three officers of the Navy.
For ordnance and ordnance stores and small
arms, including incidental expenses, live hundied
and sixty-three thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising in
newspapers, books, maps, models, and drawings,
purchase and repair of fire engines and machinery,
repairs of and attending to steam engines m navy-
yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timbei-wheels,
and the purchase and repairs of workmen's tools,
postage of public letters, fuel, oil, and candles for
navy-yards and shore stations, pay of watchmen
and incidental labor not chargeable to any other
appropriation, transportation to and labor attend-
ing the delivery of provisions and stores on for-
eign stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, trav-
eling expenses of officers and others under orders,
funeral expenses, store and office rent, fuel, com-
missions, and pay of clerks to navy agents and
store-keepers, flags,awnings, and packing-boxes,
premiums, and other expenses of recruiting, ap-
prehending deserters, per diem pay to persons
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
other services authorized by law, pay to judges-
advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and as-
sistance to vessels in distress, and for bills of
health and quarantine expenses of vessels of the
United States Navy in foreign ports, eight hun-
dred and ninety-six thousand dollars: Provided,
That the expenditures under the foregoing ap-
propriations shall be so accounted for as to show
the disbursements by each bureau, under each
respective appropriation.
For the payment of the charter, or purchase
of vessels for the Paiaguay expedition tor nine
months, two hundred and eighty-nine thousand
dollars: Provided, That if the said vessels shall
not be purchased, rio more shall be used of the
sum herein appropriated, than may be necessary
to pay for the charter of said vessels, at the rate
agreed on, forsuch time as they may be employed
by the Government of the United States.
New Series—No. 22.
marine corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, privates, clerks, messengers,
stewards, and servants, for rations and clothing
for servants, additional rations for five years*
service, for undrawn clothing and rations, boun-
ties for recnlistments, four hundred and twenty-
eight thousand nine hundred and thirty-seven
dollars and thirty cents.
For provisions, seventy-one thousand seven
hundred and fifty-nine dollars.
For clothing, seventy-three thousand eight
hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For fuel, twenty-two thousand three hundred
and forty-two dollars and twenty-five cents.
For military stores, viz: pay of armorers, re-
pair of arms, purchase of accouterments, ord-
nance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other in-
struments, twelve thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting, fourteen thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings for that pur-
pose, eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll,
cartage, wharfage, compensation to judges-ad-
vocate, per diem for attending courts-martial,
courts of inquiry, and for constant labor, house
rent in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased ma-
rines, printing, stationery, postage, telegraphing,
apprehension of deserters, oil, candles, gas, for-
age, straw, furniture, bed-sacks,spades, shovels,
axes, picks, carpenters' tools, keep of a horse
for the messenger, pay of matron, washerwoman,
and porter at the hospital headquarters, thirty-
two thousand five hundred dollars.
navy-yards.
For the preservation of works and for the cur-
rent repairs at the several navy-yards, viz:
At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, ten thousand
dollars.
At Boston, fifteen thousand dollars.
At New York, twenty thousand dollars.
At Philadelphia, fifteen thousand dollars.
At Washington, ten thousand dollars.
At Norfolk, twenty thousand dollars.
At Pensacola, ten thousand dollars.
At Mare island, California, twenty thousand
dollars.
At Sackett's Harbor, one thousand dollars.
„ hospitals.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs of the several naval
hospitals:
Boston.—For repairs of hospital buildings and
fences, two thousand five hundred dollars.
New York.—For repairs of buildings and fences,
seven thousand dollars.
Naval Asylum —For paving and curbing on
Shippen street, paving sidewalks on Shippen
street, painting and repairing buildings, furniture
and repairs of same, house-cleaning and white-
washing, furnace,grates,and ranges, and repairs,
tiees and tree-boxes on Shippen street, gas tax,
and water-rent tax, eleven thousand one hundred
and thmy-five dollars.
For support of beneficiaries at the asylum,
twenty-six thousand six hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
Norfolk.—For repairs of buildings, eighteen
thousand two hundred and seventy dollars.
Pensacola.—For general repairs of hospital
buildings, and for draining and filling ponds, ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
magazines.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs of the several naval
magazines:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.—For gun-skids,
shot-beds, new powder magazine, and repairs of
all kinds, forty-six thousand four hundred and
ninety-seven dollars.
Boston.—For repairs of all kinds, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
New York.—For completing armory, and le-
pairs of ail kinds, eight thousand dollars.
Philadelphia.-For repairs of all kinds, one
thousand dollars.
Norfolk,—For completing stone pier and land-
ing at Fort Norfolk, powder-boat, &nd repairs of
all kinds, fifty-five thousand nine hundte'd and
sixty dollars.
Pensacola.—For repairs of all kinds, one thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the several
navy-yards and stations, one hundred and fifty-
two thousand four hundred and fifty-four dollar®.
For the purchase of nautical instruments re-
quired for the use of the Navy; for repairs of the
same, and also of astronomical instruments; and
for the purchase of nautical books, maps, and
charts, and for backing and binding the same,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydrographical surveys, and astronomical obser-
vations, in addition to the balance on hand, seven
thousand dollars.
For continuing the publication of the series of
Wind and Current Charts, and for defraying all
expanses connected therewith, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For models, drawings, and copying; for postage,
freight, and transportation; for keeping grounds
in order; for fuel and lights; and for all other con-
tingent expenses; and for the wages of persona
employed at the United States Naval Observatory
and Hydrographical Office, viz: one instrument
maker, two watchmen, and one porter, six thou-
sand dollars.
For the erection and repairs of buildings, im-
provement and preservation of the grounds, and
for contingencies at the United States Naval
Academy, fifty thousand dollars. *
For completing seven screw sloops and one
side-wheel steamer, authorized by act twelfth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, six hun-
dred and seventy-four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted y That the fol-
lowing general order, issued by the Sccrctary of
the Navy, and dated January thirteen, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, be, and the same is here-
by, confirmed:
General Order.
Chief engineers of more than twelve years will
rank with commanders.
Chief engineers ©f less than twelve years, with
lieutenants.
First assistant engineers, next after lieuten-
ants.
Second assistant engineers, next after masters.
Third assistant engineers, with midshipmen.
Commanding and executive officers of what-
ever grade, will take piecedence over all engineer
officers.
This order confers no authority to exercise
military command, and no additional right to
quarters. ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, January 13, 1859.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That the sixth
section of the act of sixteenth January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, entitled " An act to
amend an act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy," shall be so construed as to include on-
cers who, at the time they were dropped or placed
on the reserved list, had been detached from duty
or removed from cojnmand for supposed ineffi-
ciency or unfitness, but who have since been re-
stored to the active list, and such officers shall
receive the same pay they were receiving respect-
ively when they were so detached or removed,
up to the termination of their cruise, when so
detached, deducting any pay they may have oth-
erwise received during the time aforesaid; and
that this shall extend to anyofficerwho has been
transferred from the furlough list to the leave-of-
absence list by the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate. That such officers of the
Navy as were dropped from the service by the
action of the late " naval retiring board,"ana who
have been subsequently restored to the service
and placed upon the " furlough" or" leave-pay "
list, shall be allowed furlough pay. if placed upon
the furlough list, and leave pay if placed upon
the leave list, for and during the time they were
so dropped, deducting any pay which they oth-
erwise received during the time aforesaid.
Approved, March 3,1859.
