960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
to the Private Calendar certainly cannot produce i
any great loss. „ ji
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that some weeks [■
ago we passed a resolution to attend to the Pri- ]
vale Calendar on this day. Now tie proposition 1
is*, by another'resolution, to postpone it to-day |
and fix it for to-morrow. I have not the least ;
objection to changing to-day for to-morrow, but
1 do object, and shall object, to Jiving it post- -1
poned to-day, so that when to-mom>w comes we '
can postpone it again, and then defeat the Private
Calendar altogether.
■ Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a general un-
derstanding.
Mr. CLA.RK. If it can be the general under-
standing that to-morrow we go to the Private
Calendar, I shall be very glad to hear the Senator
from Louisiana to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The resolution will con-
trol it.
The resolution was agreed to.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate, is the motion to postpone all
prior orders, with a view to take up Senate bill,
No. 497.
Mr. PUGH. ThsCt was the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, and I presume it comes up to-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question about
unfinished business does not come up to-day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 497) making appropri-
ation to facilitate the acquisition of the Island of
Cuba by negotiation.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Foot, to insert in the twenty-
seventh fine, after the word "Spain," the words
"and by the United States;" so that the clause
will read:
..To be u^ed bv him m the event that the said tteatv,
when signed by tho authonzed agents of the two Govern-
ments, and duly latified bv Spain and by the United States,
shall call for the expenditure of the same, m any part
theieof.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The subject under debate,
Mr. President, involves considerations so numer-
ous, grows under investigation to such vast pro-
portions, as to render it matter of exceeding diffi-
culty to confine its discussion within reasonable
limits. Some of the topics winch I would desire
to treat must be presented in general outline;
others must be reluctantly abandoned; none can
be treated with a fullness of detail at all commen-
surate with their impoitance.
Au intertropical island, whose external com-
merce it-aches nearly eighty million dollars, lies
at our doois. In territorial extent equal to four
or five of our smaller States, with n population
that would make it fifth in rank m our Confed-
eracy; with harbors unrivaled for capacity and
security, it is an object of absorbing interest to
the American people. Its present condition and
future destiny offer a legitimate field for the ex-
ercise of the best statesmanship of the Republic.
The first leading fact, which ought to be kept
constantly in view by all who would form just
conceptions on this subject,is, that the wealthand
productiveness of this itdttiitt ha\e been created,
and their continuance can only be secured, by a
system of compulsory labor. If the experience
of mankind has solved*** single industrial problem,
we may fairly assume as granted that tropical
productions can be maintained, on a scale to meet
the requirements of civilized man, by compufsory
labor alone. The fruits of the slave labor of the
southern States, of the Spanish Islands of Cuba
and Porto Rico, and of the I>razihan empire, im-
mea&uiably exceed in value similar products of
the olhei Su$tf s and oountii^ of this hemisphere,
of like soil and climate, cultivated by fiee labor.
If we descend to particular (Samples, con.pare
the Hayti of to-day with the St. Dumi^go of
colonial iwstory. The colony, in 1790, export-' d
more sugar than all the British colonies combined,
besides enormous quantities of coftee, cotton,
indigo, and cocoa. With tree labor, liayti is no
longer mentioned m the commoteial statistics of
the world. If, however, this bo considered an
unfair example; if it be objected that the wealth
and prosperity of this once favored isle were
utterly destroyed by tho bloody horrors of its rev-
olution, take other and still more striking exam-
ples. Place in contrast the annual addition to the
wealth and comfort of mankind affoided by the
slave labor of Cuba with that furnished by the
islands in which England, France, and Holland,
have made their ruinous emancipation experi-
ments. The former, alone, in spite of its wretched
misgovemment, of odious monopolies, of com-
mercial restrictions, of all the drawbacks of the
old, exploded colonial system, exceeds in wealth
and population all the English:rFrench,and Dutch
West India colonies put together, even if we add
to them the tsrra jirma colonies of Guiana. As
this consideration controls largely the train of
argument into which I desire to enter, permit me
to dwell on it a little more fuliy.
For a long series of years after the English
emancipation experiment, the disastrous enacts
were attributed by its authors to every cause that
human ingenuity could suggest, except their own
folly. They would open their eyes to no fact. I-t
is no unprofitable study for the statesman to mark
the obstinate tenacity with which these theorists
persistently refused to receive the teachings of
daily experience, till at last a generation has
passed away; the truth has become patent to the
world; and British statesmen are now found who
openly avow the necessity of encouraging the em-
igration from their colonies of the white popula-
tion, and leaving these once flourishing settle-
ments to the uncontrolled occupancy of the blacks.
In 1842, just four years after the final liberation
of the slaves in the colonies, the Earl of Derby,
then as Lord Stanley, colonial secretary, who was
urging upon Spam the adoption of the same sys-
tem for her own colonies, replied to her challenge
to prove the advantages of freedom, by stating,
as " unquestionable facts, on which all men are
agreed," namely:
"That since the emancipation, the negroes have been
thriving and content d; that they have raised their manner
of living, and multiplied their comforts and enjoyments;
that their offense*5 against the laws have become more and
moie light arid unfrequent; that their morals have improved;
tiiat mainage lias been more and more subr-tituted lor con-
cubinage; and that dieyatc eager for education, rapidly
advancing in knowledge, and powerfully influenced by the
minsters of religion."
In 1848, fourteen years after the original eman-
cipation act, ton years after the final liberation of
the negroes, Sir Charles, Grey, who was then
Governor of Jamaica, wrote to the home Govern-
ment:
" That under a system of perfectly fair dealing, and of
leal jumicc, they (the ne^roe^) will come to bo an admit able
peasantiy and yeotnamy, able bodied, industrious, and
hard woifcmg, fiank and well dispo&ed."
This ridiculous statement, absurd as it seems
i to us now, was met at that time by the candid
and judicious criticism afforded by the more
■ frank expositions of the conditions of the colo-
nies made oy other British governors. Governor
I-Jai kly, who was the Governor of British Guiana,
made his report on the condition of that colony
about the same time—I read it from the British
Paih&mentary Papers. He says:
<c 1 cannot pass by Mr. Walkei's concluding observations
as to tho condition and chaiacter of the laboring popula-
tion, withoui dwelling for a moment upon the cheerless pic-
tute winch they exhibit as the sequel of ten years of bbeny.
I confers that the tracts of land grown up in rank vegeta
tioiu instead of canes oi coffee bushes, the broken down
budge-- and unpayable loads, which I encounter in my
daily lutes, stake me with lar less apprehension lor the 1'u-
tuie" destiny of British Guiana, than the apparent retrogres-
sion exhibited in these authentic annals of the emancipated
peasantry."
He has just been alluding to the criminal ex-
cesses and outbreaks of the negroes; to the mur-
ders of watchmcn on the plantations; to the incen-
diarism of the plantation buildings. He refers to
the statistics of the jails, showing they are be-
coming full of convicts foe crimes like these,
lie says:
1 " Tiuc, wo oushtto remember that less than fifteen yeais
1 have elap-ed since they weie slaves, subject to the most
' umavoiabie influencesbut how much better must it not
have bcni for themselves if that fact had been borne in
mind then, instead of now ?w
The statement annexed to this dispatch was as
follows:
Tli>- snerpas-o of crime, more pruticular'y peihaps le-
mnkable in thccounties of Dcmeraia and Esse',uiho, wa
fact winch, to a greater or b-'Sser extern. ?s borne our by the
opinions of the -npemhaiv mamhttaUs, although I do not
1 ih.rik looking at the mere numeucal proportion, that it is
concilia,-velv to b^ derived irom such pnton returns as have
: come under my notice. Foi the most part the magis-
■ tr.itos h^itate to asswn any specific cause ior this unpleas-
i ant feature. I greatly fear it must be ascribed to the idle-
ness of a large portion of the able-bodied~peasantry for many
months, induced by their determination not to accept of re-
duced wages for the same amount of labor. For some tune,
no.doubt, they had the means of subsistence at their com-
mand, partly fiom savings of previously-earned wages,
partly from other resource*, such as fishing, shooting, the
produce of their provision grounds, &c.; but, when these
began to fail, the want of regular occupation produced its
usual effect upon minds so untutored; the plunder of plan-
tain walks and cane pieces was resorted to; and, at length,
whenever it was known or suspected that money was to be
had, its acquisition was resolved upon .uallhazaids. Withm
the last few months, I believe, no fewer than four biutal
murders of watchmen upon plantations h£ve occurred ;
robberies upon the highway, as well as attacks upon dwell-
ing houses, have been frequent,.and assassinations have
been not only attempted, but, in broad daylight, success-
fully perpetrated."
He says further, speaking of the emancipated
population:
<£ Nor is the change less striking, it may be here remarked,
in regaid to theiraddiction to costly clothing and expensive
articles of food ; matters which, once anxiously sought af-
ter, are now regarded with comparative indiffeience ; and
this is a circumstance which, affecting a very large body of
consumers, is not without its influence upon the commer-
cial transactions of the colony. Hence, piobably, may arise
the little effect produced upon them by dimmutfbn of wages
or restriction of employment. Instead of inducing more
stienuous exertions to leap the same amount ot rewaid as
before, they are rather content to circumscribe their enjoy-
ments, and, instead of striving to make progress m habits of
civilization, prefer to fall back upon a retrograde path. The
fact of the continued prevalence and undimimshechnfluenee
of the practice of £ obeahy in this and other colonies will
partially illustrate the slow progress of intellectual improve-
ment amongst them; and there seems to be a general im-
pression that the rising aeneration aie le«s docile and more
inclined to evil and reckless pursuits than their elders."
Earl Grey, m the same year, commenting on
the general dispatches received from the West
India colonies, writes from London to the follow-
ing effect. His dispatch is dated June 1,1849:
" I have read this dispatch and its inclosures with feel-
ings ot great pain, and ot much anxiety foi the ftnurc, since
the picturc you have presented to me of the present state
ot society in Guiana, and of the actual condition and pros-
pect* of all classes of its inhabitants, is gloomy in the ex-
treme; and yet, it bears too obviously the character of truth
forme to doubt its accuracy. It is, indeed, mo--t melan-
choly to learn, that while the difficulties of the planters have
continued, since the abolition of Maveiy, to become more
and moie severe, until now the rum appear* to be almost
complete, and the depreciation of pioperty, once of such
gieat value, has reached a point, which has involved in the
deepest disti ess great numbers of persons, both in this coun-
try and m the co'lony, at the ome time the negioes. instead
of havmg made a great advance in civilization, as might
have been hoped, duung the fifteen years which have
elap-ed since their emancipation, have, on the contiary,
rather letrograded than improved, and that they aie now,
as a body, less amenable than they were when that gieat
change took place, to the restraints of religion and of law,
less docile and tractable, and almost as icn^ant, and as
mueh subject as ever, to the degrading superstition which
their fathers brought .with them from Afuca."
THat was the result of fifteen years of experi-
ment. Still, however, British emancipationists,
Exeter Hall philanthropists, continued declaring
that this was a mere temporary passage from the
one system to the other; that this temporary state
of things could not endure, and that the negroes
would soon improve. In 1850, the editor of a
New York Journal, hostile to slavery, made a visit
to Jamaica. I hold his work in my hand, giving
a picture of the condition of the island as he found
it then—he an advocate for the emancipation
scheme. He says:
" It is difficult to exaggerate, and yet moie difficult to de-
fine, the poverty and mdu in.\) piostratnm of Jamaica. The
natuial wealth and fepontaneoiis productiveness of the
island are so great that no one can staive. and vet it seems
as if the faculty of accumulation was suspended. All the
pioduetivc powe^" of the soil is running to waste ; the finest
! land in the vvoild may be had at any puce, and almost for
the a^kina; labor leceives no compensation, and the prod-
! uct of labor docs not seem to know the way to maiket.
1 Families accustomed to every wealth and kixuty have wit-
I j nested the decline of their incomes, until now, with undi-
j| mnnshed estates, they find themselves wrestling with pov-
jj eriy U  the commonest necessities of hfe. There are no
i' public amusements hereof any kind for amusements are
II putchascd with the suiplus wealth of a people, and here
I; theie i> no surplus. There was not a theater, or a museum,
'1 or a cneus, or any other place of entertainment involving
\[ expense, open dining my stay on the island. Tbecorpoia-
11 tion of Kingston owns a building which has been used as a
ji theater,and m thesubuibsot the city is a plain once famous
I, «\sj a iace-couice ; but ot the fiist. rats and spiders are the
ii only tenants, and Weed^ and underwood have overgrown
i the other ""—Bigelow's Jamaica, in ISoO, page 53.
!' Tiny is the testimony of a friend of the scheme,
ii in 1850. But, sir, I have nowhere.seen the true
S1 condition of the Island of Jamaica, under the oper-
ation of the British system of free labor for the
! production of tropical products, better illustrated
'' than in the official reports fiom the island itself-'
-|i It is scarcely credible that such a picture as 1 am
h about to read should have been issued by a report
