THE
•Jbx lit., fl m- m,n
SI0NA1 GLOBE,
•/V; ■
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C;;
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1853,
New* Series....Nq,61,.
of the central board of health, of Jamaica, in the
year 1852: - .
" Yards" * * * * " which, after a rain, send
forth streams of the most horrible description ; numbers of
dilapidated and failing houses, useless for all habitable pur-
poses; ruined walls and remnants of fences, together with
uninelosed sites of pulled-down houses, covered with filth
and brush, complete the scene of every old Jamaica town-
ship, and the outskirts of the new."
" In villages, and 011 small settlements, the huts or dwell-
ings of the laborers are composed chiefly of mud walls,
BOinetimes of wattles, plastered,with the same." * *
* - * " fn very few cases are they raised off the ground,
nor are they floored m any way." * * * * "Ven-
tilation, or the admission of fresh air, is almost invariably
neglected."
'k These small, dark, unv^ntilated houses are frequently
over-crowded, especially at night; within the small space
of a few square feet, perhaps on the baie ground, or may
be on a mattress or mat, or in some cases on a bed, with a
whole family of eight or nine persons of all qges, and of
both sexes, huddled together, with the door and so-called
window closed; all clad in the same clothes which they
woie throughthe day, with children sleeping on mattresses,
often soaked and half rotted with urine and other secretions.
Should there accidentally be a hole or crevice, this is im-
mediately closed up by means oi rags or something of that
kind. The rush o^odors on opening stich a place must be
experienced to be understood.
"As regards water for domestic purposes, it is very mticb
to be feared that a jarge portion of our poor population sel-
dom think of that. Their persons are never abluted, save
in crossing a river, or being exposed to a heavy shower of
rain.
" Among the lower clases, the majority not being com-
pelled by circumstances to be field laborers, are too lazy to
move; they frequently squat down all day in a sort of sullen
apathy; they eat, and drink, and sleep like the brute that
pensheth ; but all the more active impulses of their human
nature appear to be as little excited as if they were totally
wanting."
" It is a well known fact, that all the towns and villages
contain a large number of persons Who have no ostensible
means of earning their livelihood; the way in which they
subsist is an enigma to themselves and others. Exposure
to the night-air is very prevalent among the lower classes;
under various excuse-s-they meet 111 numbers, frequently m
the open air, or under temporary sheds, or at the perform-
ance of wakes over the dead, and also at their revels at
john-canoemg, as it is termed, about Christmas time; on
thesie or other occasions of the kind, they give full scope to
animal enjoyment; and at the pitch of the excitement of
the prevailing passions, their gestuies and acts resemble
more those ot demons than of human beings."
English authors and statesmen, however, still
continued to speak encouragingly, to profess con-
fidence in eventual results, until the testimony
collected by the House of Commons' committee,
in 1853, put an end to all possibility of denial, and
the ruin of the colony is finally admitted to be
complete and hopeless.
A single extract from the testimony must suf-
fice. Captain Hamilton, of the royal navy, in
the coarse of his evidence had declared that the
Island of Jamaica was a desert. Here follows his
examination by the members of the committee:
" Chairman. You made use of a phrase some time ago
with respect to Jamaica having become ad« eri. Will you
explain to what ext'ent you apply that term ?
" Captain Hamilton. I mean that, in going to plantation
establishments that had evidently been once splendid build-
ings, where there had,been a great outlay of capital on a
giand scale, you find the roofs tumbling in, the places de-
fcerted, nobody m them, grass growing m the looms, and
pei haps rats and snakes in those very "rooms, and a deserted,
melancholy appearance, that certainly goes to oue's heait
to view.
" Chairman. Is that applicable to only one part, or is it
the general character?
" Captain Hamilton. It is the general character.
"Mr. Bright. That is not the case in Jamaica, but in
those particular locations?
11 Captain Hamilton. No; the general character of Ja-
maica is, that it gives you the impression of a place going
to decay. Speaking of the population of Jamaica, I do not
refer to the capitalist planters ot old times, but to the pres-
ent population of Jamaica, and their locations and cultiva-
tions.
u Mr. Bright. Do you think the term < desert' was quite
applicable to the state of things there ?
" Captain Hamilton. I should say peculiarly applicable
without any exaggeration."
Now, Mr. President, the effect produced upon
the British mind by evidences such as this, may
be best gathered by an extract from the organ of
the ablest, perhaps* of living British statesmen.
In the London Morning Herald, of the 8th Sep-
tember, 1855, the admission is at length thus
made to the world:
" We have of late, as oceasion served, directed the at-
tention of our readers to the condition of the most valuable-
61
'of.our West India possessions, and have er^eavored to
trace to its true source, in a vicious and mistaken policy,
the rum which not only impends, but has actually fallen,
upon those islands, once the boast and glory of the British
crown, now the by-word of the commercial nations of the
earth. Jamaica, by nature the richest of these dependen-
cies, is reduced to a state of collapse, from which recovery
seems to be hopeless. Efforts have been made to stimulate
once more her industry, to raise her crushed proprietary,
and to give them once again opportunity and hope. So far
those efforts have not been successful. In the recent ad-
vices, we can perceive no symptoms of amendment; on
the contrary, the downward tendency of affairs continues,
as if, for the unhappy Jamaicans, therejsa ' lower dcep' 
yet yawning, which 4 threatening, opens totlevour,' and
from whose frightful vortex there seems to be no hope of
escape." ***,******
"Although the ruin of Jamaica has been more rapid and
irresistible than any of the other islands., desolation jests
upon the entire archipelago, and sooner or later will involve
them all."
And, Mr. President, so far from this state of
things being now contested in Great Britain, the
same people who made this experiment, and who,
by their folly and blindness, reduced these once,
flourishing colonies to such a state of destitution
and distress; the same people now, when it is too
late to remedy the pvil, deliberately propose to
withdraw the entire white population from the
island and -to leave Jamaicp. in the possession of
the blacks—a second Hayti, Here is the West-
minister Review, for April, 1853. I call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit-
tle] to the extract I am about to read; it chimes
in perfectly with his views. He will find here a
congenial spirit; a spirit that is ready to drive the
white population from the cultivation of the entire
tropics, and leave them to the brutish blacks that
now infest the islands that have been abandoned
to their sway. But, sir, when he has carried out
his scheme, I advise him to seek counsel from
the British writer, and get, as he recommends,
American free negroes to go to teach British and
Spanish and Dutch free negroes industry and
energy. Here is the Westminister Review. It
appeals to the free coIorcd people of the United
States, and speaks to them as " brethren."
" It is not for us to mark out for them their course; and
yet we cannot but think that by no possible means could
they so effectually aid the American" slaves, as by teaching
energy and industry to the free British negro."
Again, proceeds the Review:
" By hastening forvvaul, by their precept and example,
that time when, from Jamaica and her kiudied islex, the
voice ot a negio community, prosperous, educated, civil-
ized, Christian, shall speak to republican despots and their
victims, words which both will hem, and wlncli the tojmer
will not be able to disregard.
"And tfiat this time will come, we hold to be no vain
prophecy, foolibh as to many it may seem."
The writer appears to have had a prescient self-
consciousness.
" We have faith in it, because we see it written in the
page of history—in the experience of the Anglo-Saxon—that
he cannot toil in these iilands, or make a home of them, and
of the Jlfrican that he can."
I say then, Mr. President, that the evidences
which I have thus hastily collected,and of which
innumerable other instances might be given,
prove the proposition-with which I started  -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me a moment ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. With pleasure.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire at all to
interrupt him in the course of his remarks; but
on some proper occasion before this question shall
pass from the consideration of the Senate, I will
take occasion to express my views, and state
wherein, and to what extent, the Senator under-
stands them, and how far he misunderstands the
positions which I took.
Mr BENJAMIN. I shall be very happy to
be informed that I have misunderstood the prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin; for as it
is stated in his substitute, now upon our table,
for the bill before the Senate, it struck me as a
proposition so monstrous that I could hardly rec-
oncile myself to the evidence of my senses when
I saw it-proposed by an American Senator. I
i repeat, then, Mr. President, that the population,
wealth, and prosperity, of Cuba, are dependent
solely on a supply of compulsory labor, without
which she must inevitably relapte ittto the con-
dition of Hayti, Jamaica, ana the other West
India colonics.
I now proceed to inquire from what sources
an adequate supply of this compulsory labor can
be obtained. I te w, sir, of but three possible
methods:
1. The actual increase of the Slaves already
there.'
2., The introduction of persons bound to ser-
vice under the name of apprentices, or coolies, or
colonists. , J
3. The African slave trade, which is the pres-
ent method.
A hasty glance must suffice for each.'
1. The continued supply of labor in Cuba fry
natural increase is impossible. It is a well au-
thenticated fact that its whole laboring popula-
tion is exhausted in a single generation, ■ Horri-
ble as is the contemplation of such a fact, the evi-
dence in support of ltis irresistible. None of the
writers on the population of Cuba fix the number
of its Creole,"id est,, native negroes outside of Ha-
vana, at more than ten per cent., whilst a recent
authority 011 the island, perfectly competent to
judge, fixes it at only'five per cent. We have,
then, the fact that ninety to nifiety-five per cent,
of the slaves engaged in agriculture were im-
ported Africans.
Nor will this statement appear surprising,when
we reflect on the fact that the importatioils of
slaves are almost exclusively males, not over one
111 six or seven being females. The British re-
viewer, already quoted, thinks that the average
working life of the imported sldve is only seven
ys rs; but I prefer what is evidently more au-
thentic, that is, the declaration of the Captein
General of Cuba himself. In an address to the
people of Cuba, urging on them a change of their
system of labor, the Marquis of Pezuela laid
stress on the fact that the present wealth in slaves
was but transitory, inasmuch as it " perished in
a single generation." The statistics in the report
of my colleague, startling in the extreme, prove
this conclusion. They show that whilst the num-
ber of blacks, slave and free, in the United States
is now twelve-fold the number imported from Africa,
there does not now exist in the West India islands
one fourth of the number actually imported into those
colonies.
2. Is this problem of a supply of labor for trop-
ical colonies capable of solution by the introduc-
tion of apprentices, immigrants, coolies, or any
other of the modern expedients devised in order
to avoid a return to the slave trade ? This ques-
tion, too, must be answered in the negative; and
here again I Can but glance at the proof. The
difficulty is tp select from the number. Out of
four thousand five hundred coolies imported
into Jamaica, in 1846 and 1847, only onu half
remained alive in 1851, and these were wandering
about half naked and half starved, living in way-
side ditches and dens in the towns, infecting the
negroes with their idleness, profligacy, and pa-
ganism.
The statistics contained in my colleague's re-
port show twenty-eight thousand seven hundred
andrfeventy-seven coolies shipped for Cuba from
1847 to 23d March, 1858. Of these, more than
four thousand died on the passage. Of those that
arrive, 1 am assured by a recent traveler that the
annual deaths are at least ten percent.; to use his
own words, " they are considered as raw mater-
ial to be worked up into sugar." If we reflect
that the engagements are for ten years; that of
their miserable pay of four dollars per month,
one half is retained under the terms of their coil-
tract, to be paid at the conclusion of th&r engage-
ment—id est, at the end of ten years,—the truth
of this horrible statement, that they are "worked
up as raw material," becomes apparent, and its
motive equally obvious. The cooly must not be
alive at the end of ten years; there would be due
him §240; and a new one, a fresh worker, could
be bought for $100, instead of the miserable Asi-
atic, worn out, decrepit, dying, valueless aa "raw
material."
