1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Clerk of the House of Representatives, three
thousand six hundred dollars; two clerks, at two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars each;
eleven clerks, at one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars each; principal messenger in the office, one
thousand seven hundred and fifty-six dollars and
eighty cents; three messengers, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each; Sergcant-at-Arms, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; clerk to
the Sergeant-at-Arms,one thousandeighthundred
dollars; messenger to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one
thousand two hundred dollars; Postmaster, two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars; one mes-
senger in the office, one thousand seven hundred
and forty dollars; four messengers, at one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars each; Door-
keeper, two thousand dollars; superintendent of
the folding room, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars; fourteen messengers, at one thousand and
ninety-eight dollars each; eleven messengers, at
six hundred dollars each; messenger to the Speak-
er, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six dol-
lars and eighty cents; clerk to the Committee of
Claims, one thousand eight hundred dollars; clerk
to the Committee of Ways and Means, one tliou-
sand.eighthundred dollars—making seventy-eight
thousand seven hundred and twenty-five dollars
and sixty cents: Provided, That no officer or em-
ploye of the House of Representatives shall re-
ceive pay for the discharge of the duties of two
offices at the same time.
For contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives, viz:
For binding documents, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
For stationery, fifteen thousand dollars.
For horses, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For fuel, oil, and candles, including pay of en-
gineer, firemen and laborers, and materials for en-
gine-room, fifteen thousand dollars.
For newspapers, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For engraving, electrotyping, and lithograph-
ing, fifty thousand dollars.
For Capitol police, eight thousand four hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For laborers, six thousand two hundred and
eighty-five dollars.
For pages and temporary mail boys, eight thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For folding documents, including pay of fold-
ers, wrapping-paper, twine, and paste, thirty
thousand dollars.
For cartage, two thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, forty thousand dollars.
For the compensation of the draughtsman and
clerks employed upon the land maps, clerks to
committees,and tempoiary clerks in the office of
the Clerk of the Houscof Representatives, seven-
teen thousand and eight hundred dollars.
For two mail boys, at nine hundied dollars
each, and the messenger in charge of the south
extension, three thousand three hundred dollars.
Library of Congress.
For compensation of librarian, three assistant
librarians, and messenger, nine thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said library, one
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for said library, five
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said library, and
pay for binding, labor, and 'other incidental ex-
penses, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, and the clerks and messenger in
his office, ten thousand five hundred and fifteen
dollars and ninety-two cents.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz: For
blank-books, stationery, postage, advertising for
proposals for paper, furniture, traveling expenses,
cartage and labor m storing and transportation of
paper, and miscellaneous items, two thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For rent of wareroorn, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For paper required for the printing of the first
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, one hun-
dred thousand dollars
For printing required for the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, seventy thousand dol-
lars.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of three judges of the Court of
Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, deputy
solicitor, clerk and and assistant clerk, and mes-
senger thereof, twenty-seven thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For stationery, fuel, lights, books, labor, and
miscellaneous items for the Court of Claims, four
thousand dollars.
For commissioners' fees for taking testimony
on behalf of Government, fees of witnesses, and
of agents or attorneys to be appointed by the so-
licitor to attend to the taking of depositions under
the second and third sections of the act entitled
"An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
the twenty-fourth of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, to be disbursed, under the solicitor,
by such marshals as he shall direct, or other suit-
able agent to be appointed by him, five thousand
dollars.
Executive.
For compensation of the President of the Uni-
ted States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensationtif the Vice President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation to secretary to sign patents
for lands, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For'compensation to the private secretary, stew-
ard, and messenger of the President of the Uni-
ted Suites, four thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Executive office,
including stationery therefor, three hundred and
fifty dollars.-
Department of Stale.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
and Assistant Secretary of State, clerks, messen-
ger, assistant messenger, and laborers in his of-
fice, fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of said
Department.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and
in newspapers of the States and Territories, and
in the city of Washington, nine thousand three
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, binding, furni-
ture, fixtures, repairs, painting and glazing, ten
thousand dollars.
For newspapers, five hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
two thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compiling'and supervising the publication
of the Biennial Register, five hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase
fifty copies, each, of volumes twenty-four and
twenty-five of Howard's Reports of the Decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, five
hundred dollars.
Northeast Executive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the Northeast Executive Building,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, light, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, four thousand five hundred dollars
Treasury Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, forty-five thousand two hundred and
sixty-two dollars and eighty-four cents.
For compensation of the F irst Comptroller, and
the clerks^anessenger, and laborers in his office,
twenty-eijPPc thousand thiee hundied and forty
dollais.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks, messenger, and laborer m his
office, twenty-six thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-five thousand nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant me^^nger, and
laborer in his office, thirty-five thousand five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborersin his office, one hundredand thirty thou-
sand one hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his officc, twenty-seven thousand seven hundrs#
and nineteen dollars and thirty-six cents.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
seventeen thousand eight hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, one hundred and seventy-two thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in> his office, twenty-
seven thousand two hundred and thirty-on# dol-
lars and thirty cents.
For compensation of the Regflter of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-
ger, and laborers in his office, fifty-one thousand
five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
seventeen thousand one hundred and forty dol-
lars.
I^or compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
his office, twenty thousand four hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer of the Light-House Board, nine thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, blank-books, stationery, binding,
sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire for pre-
paring and collecting information to be laid before
Congress—said clerks to be employed only during
the session of Congress, or when indispensably
necessary to enable the Department to answor
some call made by either House of Congress at
one session to be answered at another; and no such
extra clerk shall receive more than three dollars
and thirty-three and one third cents per day for
the time actually and necessarily employed; and
for miscellaneous items, twelve thousand dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
Forfurniture, blank-books, binding, stationery,
public documents, State and territorial statu tea,
and miscellaneous items, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, pay for
the National Intelligencer and Union, to be filed
and preserved for the use of the office, office fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, cases for records and official papers,
and miscellaneous items, including subscription
for the Union and National Intelligencer, to be
filed for the use of the office, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture, and miscellaneous items, including two
I of the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound,
' and preserved for the use of the office, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor;
For stationery, books, binding, labor, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor;
For blank-books, binding, stationery, office
furniture,carpetirfg, and miscellaneous expenses,
in which are included two daily newspapers,
eight hundred dollars.
Ir. the office of the Treasurer.
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
