962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
So much for the coolies. What of the African
apprentices r
This new form of slave trade was first devised
by England. In 1851, authority was sent from
the colonial office to the Governor of Sierra Leone
to send out colonists, as they were termed, to the
West Indies. A contract was made with an Eng-
lish firm, Hythe, Hodge, & Co., by the British
Government, for the exportation of a large num-
ber of these colonists. Thirty-five to forty thou-
sand were actually exported. How were they
obtained ? The, first thing heard of them was a
proclamation by Governor Roberts, of Liberia,
stating that the contractors were buying up their
colonists at ten dollars a heai, being nearly the
same price that slaves were bought for under the
old regime of the slave trade. The same reviewer
already quoted fairly admits that the colonists
were bought, and that none could be obtained
voluntarily:
" Why not, then, import free immigrants from Africa
Poor, miserable heathen ! what u good thing it would be
to convert them to Christianity, always supposing that they
did not first convert back the cteoles to Fetichism; and
then you might get any number of them, and fill the labor
market as l'ult'asyuu pleased '. There was only one objec-
tion to this plan, and that was that though Africans might
be bought to any amount, yet, when free, they would' not
come."
So that scheme failed for the British West
Indies. Great Britain was absolutely shamed
into abandoning it, after thirty-five or forty thou-
sand miserable Africans had been bought and
sold into slavery under her flag, all in the desper-
ate effort to repair the results of her own mad-
ness and.folly.
But, sir, an example has been given by which
Prance was not slow to profit. .Her colonies, too,
are perishing, and crying out that, without com-
pulsory labor, they must languish, and languish-
ing, must die. So the French, after bestowing
freedom in their colonies on those who were born
slaves, are now making compensation for their
error by enslaving men who were bom free. In
spij£ of the outcry of the British press, slaves, by
tens of thousands, are now being poured annually
by the French Emperor into his colonies; the
Regis contract is in full force; the unhappy vic-
tims rise on their oppressors, and the journals of
the day are filled with accounts of captains and
crews attacked by their cooly or African appren-
tices. The Emperor, with high-handed violence,
abuses the weakness of Portugal because she in-
terferes to prevent the slave trade in her own col-
onies; and the last news from the French Antilles
is, that in addition to twelve thousand coolies and
Africans imported into Martinique and Guada-
lupe for 1853, provision has recuntly.been made
for eighteen thousand more of the " raw mate-
rial," to wit: seven thousand Africans under the
Regis contract, and eleven thousand coolies.
The contract of these unfortunate wretches is
published in the papers of the day; and is justly
characterized, by an eminent New York journal-
ist, as a receipt for killing the greatest number of
laborers in the shortest time. The wages are about
nine cents a day for men, four for wcfeien,and two
for children up to the age of fourteen years; out of
■which they are to pay for their own clothing, and
the expenses of their own sickness; and a reser-
vation of ten per cent, monthly is to be made for
the expenses of returning them home at the end
of the contract. To this complexion has come at
last the emancipation of slaves in the colonies!
Compare it, oh ! compare it, Senators, with the
well-fed, well-lodged, well-clothed, and careMly-
tended laborers of the South, and say, in*he
name of a common humanity, which of these two
systems is preferable?
I affirm, then, Mr. President, that this magnif-
icent fabric, built up by the slave labor of Cuba,
must perish, or must, whilst Cuba is a Spanish
colony, be sustained by the slave trade; a trade
branded as piracy by her own laws, by ours, by
those of Great Britain; forbidden to her by treaty
voluntarity made by Spain; forbidden by our treaty
•with England; and winch, by the treaties of the
three nations, each is solemnly bound to prevent.
The last refuge on earth for this trade is -''now
found m the island of Cuba. The combined
power of England and the United States is now
exerted at the cost of nearly six millions per an-
num in the suppression of this traffic. Its con-
tinuance has, on more than one occasion, brought
us to the very verge of hostilities with Great
Britain for the protection of our flag, and yet tens
of thousands of slaws are annually imported into
Cuba, and the common voice of civilraed nations
sustains the charge that this is done with the con-
nivance of her colonial authorities, and to their
immense pecuniary advantage.
1 say, then, Mr. President, that unless we are
to agree-that the supply of labor shall be kept up
by the continuation of the African slave-trade, a
continuation nowgoing'on, according to the lan-
guage of Lord Clarendon himself, by a " feloni-
ous violation" by Spain of her treaties with Eng-
land; unless we agree that that felonious violation
of the public law shall still continue, there is but
one resort: Cuba must perish, as San Domingo
and Jamaica have perished before her,or she must
no longer remain Spanish. If.annexed to our coun-
try, the system now prevalent under which her
entire agricultural population perishes in a gen-
eration, wotild, by the force of interest and ex-
ample, be exchanged for ours, under which the
southern laborers are more than doubled in the
same lapse of time.
I have thus far spoken, sir, of the beneficial re-
sults to humanity arising from the acquisition of
Cuba, in the double aspect of the preservation of
the islAnd from a lapse into the barbarism and
savage state of the other Antilles; and of regard
for its miserable laboring population. What
would be its effects on the superior race—on the
white natives of the island, now numbering nearly
three quarters of a million ? *
In spite of pro forma petitions, recently for-
warded from Havana, under the orders of the
Captain General, the ardent aspirations of the
Cubans for release from the grindiKg tyranny
under which they languish, are too well known
for concealment. I will not appeal to a knowl-
edge personal to us all; I will not rely on the fact
that, amongst the numerous Cubans with whom
I have had opportunity of conversing on the sub-
ject, I never yet have fount! one—no, no tone—who
did not pant for the hour of freedom, who was not
ready to strike for his liberty if the remotest pros-
pect of succor could be held out to hira. 1 will
appeal to history, and leave its teachings to the
appreciation of a candid world. My sketch must
be rapid.
At the c;lose of the last, and the commencement
of the present century, Cuba was prosperous and
happy. Subjected to a colonial system identical
with that then generally prevalent amongst civil-
ized nations, if her commerce was restricted by
the monopoly established in favor of the mother
country,'nor own internal administration was con-
ducted by wise rulers, guided by paternal inter-
est in her welfare. She shared the political bene-
fits conquered by the Spanish people, and when
the constitution of 1812 was established, Cuba
reaped its advantages. When, on the death of
Ferdinand VII., Queen Christina threw herself
into the arms of the liberal party in order to in-
sure the triumph of Queen Isabella over the pre-
tensions of Don Carlos, the Royal Statute was
proclaimed in both Spain and Cuba, and the lat-
ter was represented in the national Congress and
enjoyed the liberties accorded by that celebrated
document to the mother country. Under its pro-
visions, the Junta do Fomento was established in
Havana, with branches in all the principal cities
of the island. When, in 1S36, the revolution
of La Granja placed the party of the Progresistas
in power, subverted the Royal Statute, and pro-
claimed the old constitution of 1812, the Queen
Mother, then Regent, in convoking the Cortes in-
cluded the deputies from Cuba in the call.
In the mean time, however, the example of the
other Spanish-American colonies, which had suc-
ceeded m establishing their independence, had not
been without its effects on Cuba. In 1825 the lib-
erator, Bolivar, offered to aid the patriots by" an
invasion of the island. Numerous societies were
formed under the title of the " Soles de Bolivar,"
and everything was prepared for seconding the
invasion, which might very possibly have proved
successful but for the intervention of our own Gov-
ernment, which disuaded the invasion. (Seelet-
ters of Mr. Clay to the ministers of Columbia and
Mexico, Dec. 20, 1825.) The knowledge of this
effervescence of the public, mind induced, on the
part of the Spanish King, one of the most extraor-
dinary acts which ever emanated from a despot.
He gave the Captain General, by an ordinance of
the 28th of May, 1825, all the powers granted to
the. governors of beseiged towns; or, in other words,
declared the whole island under martial law, with
full power in the Captain General over the lives,
fortunes, and liberties gf the people,and with the
right of suspending all laws and royal decrees at
his pleasure.
This Would appear scarcely credible; but I de-
sire to read a passage from this ordinance of
1825 of the Spanish King. I find it fortunately
translated here in a little book called " Cuba and
the Cubans;" which I would recommend to the
perusal of gentlemen who may desire some addi-
tional facts in relation to the condition of the
island:
" On the 98th of May, 1825, the royal ordinance addressed
to the Captain General of Cuba, declares: < it has pleased
his Majesty, in conformity with the advice of his ministers,
to authorize your Excellency, fully investing you with the
whole extent of power which by royal ordinances is granted
to theGovernors of besieged towns; m consequence thereof,
his Majesty most amply and unrestrictedly authorizes your
Excellency not only to remove from the island such peisons
holding office from the Government or not, whatever their
occupation, work, class, or situation in life may be, whose
residence there you may believe to be prejudicial, or whose
public or private conductmay appear suspicious to you, em-
ploying in their stead faithful servants of his Majesty.
Also to suspend the execution of whatever royal orders or
general decrees in all the different branches of the adminis-
trationy or in any part of them, as your Excellency may
think conducive to the royal service.,T
We are told that under this system of govern-
ment the whites are contented. Why, sir, inde-
pendent of the conspiracies of "which I have
spoken,in 1823-24 and 1825, again in 1826 another
conspiracy broke out, and its chiefs were arrested,
and Sanchez and Aguerro were executed at Port-
au-Prince; and again, at a laterday,the conspir-
acy called the conspiracy of the Black Eagle,
broke out, and was again repressed, and those
engaged in it executed or exiled or imprisoned.
The different conspiracies that have existed of
late years are familiar to us-all; the various expe-
ditions of Lopez and his companions; and the last
of which I have any memory, or, at least, au-
thentic detail, is that of 1851, when a few Cuban
patriots, worn-out, disappointed fugitives, still
had courage to meet together on the 4th of July,
1851, and declared the independence of Cuba.
Here is their declaration £>f independence. I am
going to refer to this, not so much for the pur-
pose of showing this fact, not so much for the
purpose of calling attention to the signatures, in-
cluding names of this same family of Aguerro,
that seems to have distinguished itself in behalf
of the liberties of its country, but because there
is a list of grievances in this declaration of inde-
pendence to which I now desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, and which 1 willlay before it,
asking every man who hears it, if it be possible
that human beings subjected to grievances like
these can be content, can be willing to kiss the
rod which smites them ?
They bogm, sir, by stating the horrible cruel-
ties that are exercised upon them. It is in Spanish;
I will read it as well as I can; it will be probably
somewhat imperfect in the translation. They
state that they supposed the world would refuse
credence to the history of the horrible iniquities
which have been perpetrated m Cuba, and would
consider, with reason, perhaps, that if there ex-
isted monsters capable of committing them, it is
not conceivable that there should exist men who
for so long a time had submitted to them; but if
those persons are few who reach the truth of par-
ticular facts, by reason of the means of which the
Government disposes to obscure and disfigure
them, nobody can resist the evidence of acts that
are public and official. Therefore, they go on to
relate: it was publicly, and with arms in his
hands, that General Tacon despoiled the Island of
Cuba of the constitution of Spain, proclaimed by
all the powers of the monarchy, and which these
powers had ordered to be sworn to as the funda-
mental law of the entire monarchy. It was pub-
licly, and by the act of the courts, that Cuba was
declared to be deprived of the rights which all
Spaniards enjoyed, and which are naturally con-
ceded to persons the least civilized. It was pub-
licly that the decree was issued which deprived
the sons of Cuba of all right of being chosen to
occupy public offices, or of employment m the
State. It was publicly that omni-modal faculties
were granted to the Captains General of Cuba,
who may deny to those whom they desire to have
punished or sentenced by the tribunals, even the
fQrm of a trial before the courts.
