1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Publicly prominent, in the Island of Cuba, are
still those military commissions which, in other
countries, the law permits only in extraordinary
cases during a time of war, and then only for of-
fenses against the State. Publicly has the Spanish
press threatened Cuba with tearing from it the
property in its slaves, of converting the island
into ruin and ashes, and of disenchanting against
it all- the hordes of barbarous Africans which now
exist within it. Public is the continual increase
of the army and the creation of new mercenary
bodies, >vhich, under pretext of publip security,
are only put upon us for the purpose of augment-
ing the burdens that lie upon Cuba, and of exer-
cising, with greater vexation, the system "of sub-
ordination and espionage over its inhabitants.
Public are the obstacles and difficulties which are
placed in the way of each individual for moving,
for exercising any industry; nobody being sure
that he will not be seized and fined, by reason of
some defect of authorization, oravant of license,
at every step that he makes in the island. Public
are the contributions which are exhausting the
Island of Cuba, and the projects of other contri-
butions which are threatened, and which are to
absorb all the products of its riches, there remain-
ing nothing to its miserable inhabitants but the
pain of labor. Public ari> the exacti'ons of all
kinds which inferior officers impose on its inhab-
itants, with the greatest disregard to the opinion
of mankind.
I return, now, sir, to the year 1836, when the
Cuban deputies were convoked to the m eting of
the constituent Cortes, at Madrid. The Cortes
assembled in 1837, but the Cuban deputies were
not admitted to their seats. Cuba was deprived
of her representation; nor was this the only out-
rage inflicted on her rights. It was decided that
she should be governed in the future by excep-
tional laws, and not by the laws common to the
rest of the monarchy. These special laws were
never passed; but the Royal Ordinance has con-
tinued in force to the present hour maintaining
mmtial law, and Cuba has thus remained ever
since a helpless victim, subject to the despotic
control of a single man, the extent of whose pow-
ers can only be described by the word invented to
express them, omni-modtis, of all kinds.
Ever since this monstrous system has been
adopted, Cuba has not been blessed with one hour
of peace. Constantly repeated have been her
efforts to shake off the yoke under which she
groans. But all in vain. Twenty thousand bay-
onets on the land, and a powerful fleet off its
coasts, keep the dread watch of the tyrant, and
suppress the first symptoms of revolt. The whites
have been disarmed, and four companies of col-
ored men have been added to each of the sixteen
regiments of peninsular troops stationed on the
island; thus holding before the unfortunate in-
habitants the constant threat of a war of races, a
renewal of the horrors of St. Domingo. Their
pride of race has been shocked by a Governor's
decree authorizing marriages between the two
races, except when one of the parties is a noble.
The army is maintained faithful solely by a
rigorous isolation, all communication between the
inhabitants and troops being interdicted. Wo se-
curity foi life, person, or liberty, against the ca-
price of a despot; no arms for self-defense, the
size of a walking-stick, even, being limited to di-
mensions small enough to pass through a ring
furnished the policem.en. Such is the sad, the
dreadful condition of the unfortunate islanders
who are represented by the official press as hast-
ening to lay at the feet of the Queen ardent pro-
fessions of loyalty to her Government, and at-
tachment to her person. Tliey have again and
again made heavy sacrifices for freedom—nay, at
this very moment, and l'oi years past, they main-
tian, by secret contributions, for gratuitous circu-
lation, public journals in the United States, re-
peating their constant appeal to our sympathies.
The whole of the recent wrongs committed,
Mr. President, in relation to the arming of the
blacks, and other similar outrages, were com-
mitted under the instigation of Great Britain, and
Lord Palmerston did not blush to acknowledge
his guilt m the face of the civilized world. I have
here his dispatch, in which, in answer to the re-
monstrance of the inhabitants of the island, com-
municated to linn through the correspondence of
the Spanish Minister, he replied, to the effect,
that it was true that the measures he was recom-
mending might not be suitable for the whites, but
that they were exceedingly beneficial to the blacks.
An actual recommendation to the Spaftish Gov-
ernment to trample the white native Cuban under
foot for the benefit of the Africans that had been
imported in defiance of the treaties with Great
Britain herself. Here is Lord Palmerston's dis-
patch, of September 11,1851, and it is capable of
that signification alone:
" With reference to that passage in M. Mirflores's note,
in which he states that the Spanish Government cannot un-
derstand how her Majesty's Government can seriously rec-
ommend a measure which would prove very injurious to
the natives of Cuba, when they also recommend that the
Spanish Government should conciliate the affections of
those Cubans, J have to instruct your lordship to observe
to M, de Miraflores that the slaves of Cuba form a large
portion, and by no means an unimportant one, of the pop-
ulation of Cuba ; and that any steps taken to provide for
their emancipation would, thollerore, as far as the black
population are concerned, he quite in unison with the rec-
ommendation made by her Majesty's Government; that
measures should be adopted for contenting the people of
Cuba, with a view to secure the connection between that
island and the Spanish Crown : arid it must be evident that,
if the negro population of Cuba were rendered free, that
fact would cteate a most powerful element of resistance to
any scheme for annexing Cuba to the United States, where
slavery still exists."
There it is, sir. It is the white population that
is to be trampled under the feet of the blacks, and
such blacks as now exist in Jamaica; it is this
white population, that is represented in the face of
the Senate and the country as desirous of con-
tinuing subjects of the rule under which they now
groan. Sir, it is very easy to say, " if the people
of Cuba desire emancipation from this tyranny,
why do they not rise in arms?" And we are
pointed to our own condition when our fore-
fathers resisted the tyranny of the British Crown.
How unfair to them; how delusive the compari-
son! We were -three million of men. We had
the right of speech; the liberty of the press. We
could assemble, combine, prepare. We could
arm. We had a right to buy arms, and to wear
them. When Patrick Henry was urging the
Virginia Assembly to the declaration of Ameri-
can independence, his cry was that three million
men in arms could not b© vanquished by any
power that our enemy could send against us. But
how is the case of the miserable Cubans ? Had
we, as they have, a foreign armyin our midst—
an army composed of soldiers whose fidelity to
the mother country is only secured by the system
already mentioned, of strict isolation, of absolute
interdiction from any communication with the in-
habitants of the island—had we such a force as
that amongst us, and backed by the bayonets of
the black race threatening an exterminating war
of races? No, sir; there is no fairness, no justice
in the reproach.
I must waive, Mr. President, all discussion of
the effects that the acquisition of this island would
have on the industrial, agricultural, and commer-
cial interests of our country, these points having
been already treated very satisfactorily by gen-
tlemen who have already spoken.,
I shall not even speak of its geographical posi-
tion, commanding, as it does, a commerce which,
before all that are now within sound of my voice
shall have disappeared from the earth, will reach
$1,500,000,000, still I must call attention to the
fact that it seems hitherto to have been taken for
granted that this country is exposed to no risk
so long as this island remains within the feeble
grasp of Spain. I apprehend this is a mistake,'
and a very grave mistake. It is a grave mistake
for several reasons: first, because those harbors,,
being the most capacious and the best fortified
in the Gulf, offer a secure rendezvous, in case of
difficulties with other foreign Powers, for collect- j
ing fleets and navies with which our own unpro- j
tected coasts could be attacked; secondly, because I
Spain is not now an independent nation. |
I deny her independence ill the true sense of j
the word. Spam has bartered away her sover- I
eignty in Cuba, effectually barteied it away to
Great Britain. She did not yield to motives.of
policy or of philanthropy in abolishing the slave
trade. There was a time when Spanish dignity
was not insulted by the offer to buy something
from her, and her pride was not touched when
Great Britain paid her .£400,000 sterting for giv-
ing up the slave trade. Again and again has the
Spanish nation been twitted upon the floor of the
British Parliament with having cheated Great
Britain, by taking the money and then counte-
nancing the traffic. It is under the controlling
influence of Great Britain that Spanish pride has
been so far humiliated that a mixed commission
sat in the Island of Cuba; that British subjects in
the town of Havana try Spanish subjects ffl l}ieir
own colonies for breaches of the treaty, and that
England had a hulk, a prisonrship belonging to
, herself, lying in the harbor of Havana, to enforce
the edicts ofBritish judges over Spanish colonists;
and yet we are told that this is an independent
nation, whose pride aiK^dignity will revolt at the
bare proposal* for a cession of sovereignty over
the island. • •
The safety of our country is further involved
in the acquisition of Cuba, or, at least, in her in-
dependence, because her harbors not cfnly fiirnish
points of rendezvous for hostile fleets, but secure
harbors of refuge in which they could refit and
repair, and prepare themselves for fresh attacks
on our unprotected coasts. It was those harbors
that afforded refuge for the British fleet after its
descent on New Orleans; and in them did the
French fleet-refit after its bombardment of the cas-
tle of San Juan d'Uloa. In the event of a rupture
with Great Britain, which many gentlemen around
me seem to suppose inevitable in no very distant
future, Cuba would be, in her possession, a tre-
mendous point of vantage for attack; fend little
would she reck of any opposition by Spain, to her
use of it, for her own purposes, in a moment of
emergency. It is for this reason that the instincts
of the American people have already taught them
that we shall ever be insecureagainst hostile attack
until this importantgeographieal and military po-
sition is placed under our protection and control.
This being the relation borne to us by Cuba, the
President has proposed that Congress shall give
expression to the national sentiment, by sanction-
ing a proposition to Spain for the purchase of the
island. Why should we not do it?
First, we arc told that it is an offense to the dig-
nity of Spain to make the offer of purchase. To
that, reply has been made so often and so victori-
ously, that it is hardly necessary to repeat it. We
have only to say that of all the colonies that Spain
ever possessed on this continent, none remain
but the Islands of Cuba and Porto Rico, and, I
believe, some small islands adjacent, not worth
naming; and that, of all she has lost, everything
has been torn from her by violence, with the ex-
ception of Florida, that We boijght, and Louisi-
ana, that France bought. If it was no offense
for France to purchase Louisiana, and no offense
for us'to purchase Florida, it is a little too late to
say that it is an offense to her dignity for us to
propose the purchase of Cuba. And, sir, 1 can-
not understand the dignity and sense of honor of
a country that sells to the people of Great Brit-
ain, for a sum of money, an agreement to abandon
the slave trade, and, under that treaty, gives to
Great Britain power to hold courts in her own ter-
ritory, judging her own subjects; and then turns
upon us, and, on the bare indication of a desire to
purchase, tells usthat she considers herself insult-
ed by the proposition. 1 am afraid she will have to
be insulted; I am afraid the proposition will have
to be made. This insult was offered to her dig-
nity a good many years ago, in relation to this
same island, first by Great Britain and afterwards
by us, and this is the first time we have ever heard
of her being insulted by the offer.
But, sir, we are told that England and France
will object. If that be true, it affords to my mind
a controlling motive for persisting. I wish to ex-
amine a little into this subject of the interference
of England and France; and first, I desire the at-
tention of the Senate to a fact which has not yet
been adverted to in this debate; that, as far back
as 1823, Great Britain tried to buy Cuba from
Spam, and made her offers of purchase, which
were rejected; that then, in 1825 and 1826, Great
Britain was at the bottom of the plot for declaring
Cuba independent, by an insurrection of the peo-
ple, with the aid of the Colombian and Mexican
forces, her object being to get the control of the
island under a protectorate, which she thought
she could establish without exciting our jealousy;
and that it was these views of Great Britain which
induced the interference of Mr. Clay with the
Colombian and Mexican Ministers, and which
broke up the plot. July 10,1823, Mr. Appleton,
being then at Cadiz, wrote to Mr. Adams, our
Secretary of State:
" The contents of the letter, of which I herewith in-
close a duplicate, are substantially confirmed by all that
