342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
•35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Independent Treasury.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and St. Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars,
For additional salaries of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia of one thousand dollars, and
o/ the treasurer of the branch mint at New Or-
leans of five hundred dollars, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of five of the additional clerks au-
thorized by , the acts of sixth August, eighteen
hundred, and forty-six, and paid under acts of
twelfth August, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
third March, ejghteen hundred and fifty-one, and
third March, eighteen hundred,and fifty-five, five
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For salary of additional clerk in officc of assist-
ant treasurer at Boston, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men in the office of the assistant treasurer at New
York, thirteen thousand nine hundred dollars.
For salary of clerk of treasurer of the branch
mint at San Francisco, California, as depositary,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act for the
safe-keeping, collecting, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, of sixth August, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, five thousand dollars,
in addition to premium received on transfer drafts:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be ex-
pended for clerical services.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better
protection of the lives of passengers by steam-
boats, with traveling and other expenses incurred
by them, eighty thousand dollars.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from Lands.
To meet the expenses of collecting the revenue
from the sale of public lands in the several States
and Territories:
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys, two
hundred and seventy-seven thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For expenses of depositing public moneys by
receivers of public moneys, thirty-five thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the several land of-
fices, forty-three thousand three hundred dollars.
Penitentiary.
_ For compensation of the warden, clerk, phy-
sician, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
matron of the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, thirteen thousand eighthundred and sixty
dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary, seven thousand nine hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of the messenger to the office
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, and for
his services in attending to the main furnace in
the Capitol, which shall be in lieu of all other
compensation, one thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, four hundred
and thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of twenty-two laborers em-
ployed in the public grounds and President's gar-
den, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's house, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's house, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper
at the President's house, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildings
lying south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters' shops, six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
three thousand two hundred and sixty-six dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the eastern branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil and lamps, one thousand
one hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and
for fuel, and oil for lamps, nineteen thousand four
hundred dollars; and to repay to the Corporation
of Washington the compensation of twenty po-
licemen from the thirteenth day of July,eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, to the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, twelve
thousand five hundred and thirty dollars and fifty-
two cents.
For compensation of twenty policemen in the
city of Washington, to be appointed in the same
manner as the auxiliary guard are now appointed,
thirteen thousand dollars.
For furnace keeper at the President's house, six
hundred dollars.
For deficiency in printing for first session of
Thirty-Fifth Congress, thirty-eight thousand five
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and thirteen
cents.
For deficiency in paper for second session of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, seventy-eight thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-nine dollars.
For deficiency in printing for the second session
of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, sixty-two thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for the com-
pensation and mileage of Senators during the pres-
ent Congress, six thousand two hundred and six-
ty-three dollars and eighty-eight cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the au-
thority given by the sixth section of the act enti-
tled "An act relating to foreign coins and to the
coinage of cents at the Mint of the United States,"
approved February twenty-one, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, to pay out at the Mint the cents
authorized and directed by said act to be coined,"
in exchange for the fractional parts of the dollar
therein named, at their nominal value of twenty-
five, twelve and a half, and six and a quarter
cents, respectively, shall be, and the same hereby
is, extended to two years from and after the twen-
ty-first day of February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, and no longer.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That after the
expiration of the present session of Congress,
when any documentshall be ordered to be printed
by both Houses of Congress, whether the copies
ordered be the reserved (regular) number or addi-
tional (extra) numbers, the entire printing of such
documents shall be done by the Printer of that
House which first ordered the same: and the
House so first ordering the same shall immedi-'
ately notify the other House of such order. And
the Superintendent of Public Printing is hereby
directed, in all cases when any document has been
ordered to be printed by both Houses of Congress,
to cause the order of the House last making the
order to print such document to be executed by
the Printer of the House first ordering the same,
and to further cause the other House to be fur-
nished with the number ordered by it; and in no
case shall more than one thousand five hundred
and fifty copies of any document be printed, un-
less the printing of extra numbers be ordered by
either House; and the one thousand five hundred
and fifty copies, as reserved (regular) numbers,
shall be distributed by the officers of the House
first ordering the printing of the same to the same
persons and in the same manner as such numbers
heretofore ordered by both Houses have been dis-
tributed; and in all such cases the payment for
composition shall be the same as though the print-
ing had been ordered by but one House: Pro-
vided, That the office of Printer either to the
Senate or House of Representatives shall not be
transferable either directly or indirectly, and any
attempt to sell or transfer either of said offices, or
any sale or tiansfer of the same, shall operate as
a vacation and abandonment of the said offices or
either of them.
Sec. 4. An d be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, di-
rected to cause the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents on mechanics hereafter to be
made to the Senate and House of Representatives,
to be prepared and submitted in such manner as
that the plates and drawings necessary to illus-
trate each subject shall be inserted so as -to com-
prise the entire report in one volume, not to ex-
ceed eight hundred pages.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for Light-Houses, Light-Boats, Buoys, and so
forth, and providing for the erection and es-
tablishment of the same, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following appropriations be,
and the same are hereby, made, and directed to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to carry the provisions of this
act into effect: Provided, however, That if a good
title to any land which it may be necessary to use
cannot be obtained on reasonable terms, or the
exclusive right to such land cannot be acquired
by cession,when the interestof theUnited States
demands it, before the appropriation would by
law fall into the surplusfund, in any and all such
cases the appropriations shall be applicable to the
objects for which they are made at any time
[ within two years after the first meeting of the
Legislature in any State wherein such land may
be situated subsequent to the passage of this act,
to wit:
JVeto Hampshire.—For a bog-bell, to be rung by
machinery, at Whale's Back light-house, one
thousand dollars.
Massachusetts.—For rebuilding the two light-
house towers on Thatcher's Island, Cape Ann,
and for fitting them with first-order illuminating
apparatus, as per detailed estimate I, page 102,
(estimates of appropriations for eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight and eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine,) eighty-one thousand four hundred and sev-
enteen dollars and sixty cents.
Connecticut.—For a fog-bell, to be rung by
machinery, at the New Haven (Five Mile Point)
light-house, one thousand dollars.
New York.—For a beacon-light on one of the
Sister's Islands, in the St. Lawrence river, below
Alexandria bay, four thousand dollars.
For repairing and securing the pier connected
with the light-house at Oswego, New York, so as
to prevent the destruction of said light-house, ten
thousand dollars.
Michigan.—For alight-house on the north point
of the peninsula dividing Grand Traverse bay,
six thousand dollars.
For a light-house on the east side of Middle
Island harbor, West Marquette, five thousand
dollars.
That five thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated to repair the light-house pier
at Vermillion, Ohio.
Wisconsin.—For a light-house on Green Island,
or one of the adjacent islands, Green bay, six
thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Raspberry Island, one of
the Apostle Islands, Lake Superior, six thousand
dollars.
For a light-house at the mouth of Kewanee
river, Lake Michigan, six thousand dollars.
Minnesota.—For a light-house at or near the
mouth of Two Island river, Lake Superior, five
thousand dollars.
North Carolina.—For a beacon-range light at
Ocracoke, seven hundred and fifty dollars; and
that a light be established at a suitable point at or
near Haiteras inlet: Provided, That the light-
house, at Beacon Island and the Ocracoke light-
vessel be discontinued after (he erection and ex-
hibition of the aforesaid beacon-light, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
South Carolina.—For two range beacon-lights
