THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
has come to my knowledge since 'it was written. T shall
ssynothlngoftfoe official declarations of England ; they are
documents which must iong; since have reached you. I
have-it, however,,in my power to say, upton the best au-
thority, that,tbe sentiments she how professes'in relation,
to acijaisitfcm of .territory at' tbe expeiise of Spain, fiave'
not always- been entertained by her. -
kC Mr. Quadrat* now Deputy of the Cortes, had, when Min-
ister of ITLtra-Marme in 1820, distant overtures made to
MM for the cession <of tbe eastern side ofChba to England.
These overtures were treated with gr^at coldness, and it is'
supposed bate not been repeated. -This fact has been com-
municatedto me in cohfideijoefyy Mr. Gener, a deputy from
tiie Havana, who being a European by birth, has had more
access to the secret^ of the Cabinet than his companions,
and has lately received a distinguishes proof of the respect
ia-whieh he iS held in being called on to preside over the
Cortes during "an epoch of particular difficulty."
In 1827, Mr. Everitt, then in Madrid, sent to
Ah C£ay the following dispatch:
« Madrid, August 17,1827.
" Sir t Tfie' inclosed copy of a confidential dispatch ad-
dressed to the Minister of State by the Conde de la Alcudia,
Spanish Minister at London, was handed to tne to-day by
a private fifiend, and may be depended on as authentic. As
the communication was made to jne in tlxe strictest con-
fidence, and as the document is in itself unsuitable for the
press,-I take the liberty of transmitting it to you, for the
President's information, in the torra of a private letter, and
request that it may not be placed on tbe pubhc files of the
Department of State."
Here is the letter:
' [Translation.]
" The Spanish Minister at London to the Minister of State.
London, June 1,1827.
Most excellent shu I deem it my duty to give you
notice for the information of the King, our Lord, that this
Government dispatched a fiigate .some time ago, to the
Canary Islands, with commissioners on board, who were
instructed to ascertain whether any preparations were mak-
ing them for an expedition to America; and also the state
of defense of thosp islands, and the disposition of the in-
habitants. The result of these inquiries was that the said
islands were in a wholly defenceless situation, provided
with few troops, and those disaffected and ready for any in-
novation.
The frigate then proceeded to the Havana, where the
commissioners found mauypersons disposed to revolt; but,
in consequence of the large miluaiy foice stationed ilicre,
and the strength of the fortifications, they considered it im-
possible to take possession of the islaad without the coop-'
eration-of the authorities and the ntmy. In consequence
of th$ information thus obtained, measures have been taken
in both these island* to prepare the pubhc opinion, by means
of emissaries, in favor of England, to the end that the in-
habitants may be brought to declare themselves independ-
ent, t^ud to solicit the protection of the British. The latter
are prepared to assist them, and willan tins way, avoid any
collision with the United States. The whole operation lias
been undertaken, and is to be conducted in concert with
the revolutionists je^dent here (at London) and m the
islands, who have designated a Spanish general, now at tins
place, to take command of the Havana when the occasion
shall require it.
The Duke of Wellington communicated to me the above
information, which is alsoconOrmodby an intimation which
he gave to Brigadier-General Don Francif-co Aunentceos,
when this officer took leave ofhun to go to the Havana. The
Duke then advised him, if he should discover any symptoms
of disaffection m the authorities, to give immediate notice to
the King, as it would be a grievous thing tor his Maje&ty to
lose the Havana.
I have thought it my duty to make these circumstances
known to ybur excellency.
May God keep you many yeais.
FjL CONDE DE LA ALCUDIA.
*This is the same Great Britain that now, hav-
ing failed in her own attempt, generously pro-
poses to the American people an alliance of three
parties, France, England, and the United States,
each of whom shall say? as they are bound to do
in her estimate under the law of nations, that not
one of them will ever acquire Cuba. Having
failed herself, both by open negotiation and secret
manouver, to obtain possession of the island, she
proposes to us magnanimously to renounce what
she cannot get, provided we will be equally gen-
erous; for such, after all, was the real proposition
made in the dispatch to which Mr. Everitt made
his celebrated ariswer; &nd when we respectfully
declined her proposal, we were informed through
another dispatch that she held herself at liberty
to act as she ple'ased for th^ future; and the British
- Secretary actually proceeded, with a grave facc,
to argue that England had equal interests with
ourselves m the island of Cuba, because, in a
eo£raphic&l line, Cuba was no nearer to the
"rnted States than to the island of Jamaica—that
delectable paradise $f her negro savages.
So much, sir, as regards any objections that
may be made by England.
But France, we are told, will be offended? her
sense 6f justice will be shocked at our violation
of national courtesy in desiring to acquire a neigh-
boring isle. The reproach will come with a good
graca, sir, from the present Emperor of the French,
who was so particularly regardful of public law
when at Bologne and at Strasburg he attempted
to overthrow the constitutional Government of
his own country, for the purpose of acquiring that
power which he has since shown was desired
only for the gratification of his own selfish am-
bition. We are to be called on to rehourice"rall
rights of national growth ih deference, forsooth,
to France and England. We alone are not to
grow; and the reason is that we declare our pur-
pose in advance, which gives to these intermed-
dling Powers an opportunity of raising an outcry;
whereas, in the stfcrecy of their cabinets, projects
of invasion are entertained and executed before
notice is given; and, when reproached for their
breaches of national law, the world is coolly in-
formed, in diplomatic jargon, that the outrage is
unfail accompli. ..
Mr. President, I trust that, if the voice of Eng-
land is raised on this Question, the first, the
prompt, the peremptory answer to be-given will
be, to ask her to give an account of her seizure of
the Bay islands in defiance of her treaty with us;
to call for her title to control the Nicaragua tran-
sit; and when she Jias made good, in the law of
nations, that new title, invented by Lord Claren-
don, and which he calls " spontaneous settle-
ment," then, and not till then, we shall be ready,
on our part, to give her a reason why we want
"spontaneous settlement" in Cuba.
If, sir, on the other hand, the Emperor of
France shall make objection, let him be asked by
what right he attempts to interfere with us in the
purchase "of territory from Spain, when we are
only following the example of his uncle, who did
the same thing? Let him be asked what greater
right Prance had to buy Louisiana, than we have
to buy Cuba ? And, sir, let both France and Eng-
land be required to show by what principle of
national law territorial acquisition is forbidden,
when peacefuland for a price; but permissible,
if effected by the exercise of violence, committed
by the strong against the weak ?
Mr. President, there is one paramount princi-
ple affecting this whole question of annexation,
'which our' self-respect requires us to present
prominently before the world. It is, that in the
expansion of our system we seek no conquest,
subjugate no people, impose our laws on no un-
willing subjects. When new territory fs brought
under our jurisdiction, the inhabitants arc ad-
mitted to all the rights of self-government. Let
no attempt be made to confuse this subject by the
use of inappropriate terms. It is the fallacy
lurking under the use of the Word " belongs," of
which despots make use. Cuba "belongs" to
Spam. True. But in what sense ? New York
"belongs" to the United States* also; but in
what sense?
Cuba is subject to Spanish sovereignty. Her
people now owe allegiance to Spain; but the island
does not belong to Spam as property belongs to
an individual. The Cubans are not the property
of the Crown. Nay, the soil of the island belongs
to private proprietors. The right of Spain, as a
proprietary right, extends only to the public places
011 the island not disposed of to private individ-
uals, and to such revenues as she cah lawfully
and legitimately exact from her subjects. But,
sir, from the date of our independence, we have
had fixed principles on the subject of the true
proprietorship of countries. The fundamental
theory of our Government is, that the people of
all countries are the true and only owners; that
governments are established for their benefit, and
that whenever governments become subversive
of the true ends of their institution, it is the right
of the people to alter and abolish them. The
Island of Cuba beloligs, not to Q.ueen Isabella,
but to the people who inhabit it, and who alone
have the right to decide under what Government
they choose to live.
.Now, Mr. President, bringing this discourse
to a close, I desire to say, in a few words, what
my view is in relation to the policy of this coun-
try. I would propose, as the President proposes,
the purchase of the Island of Cuba from the Gov-
ernment of Spain. If that be refused, if it be sup-
posed that Spanish pride or Spanish dignity is
involved in the proposition to such an extent as
to make it impossible for them to cede it, I would
then say to Spain: " if you will not cede the island
to us, grant independence to your subjects there, |
and we will pay you a reasonable equivalent for 1
the abandonment of your revenues, and make '
settlement hereafter with the people of Cuba for
our advances.
If this offer be again refused, then let us an-
nounce to Spain in advance, that whenever op-
portunity shall occur we are ready and resolute to
offer to the people of Cuba the same aid that Eng-
land offered to the other Spanish colonies; the same
alliance, offensive and defensive, which France so
nobly tendered to us in the hour of our darkest
peril. TelTher that we shall repair the wrong by
us done to the generation now passing away in
Cuba when we impeded their efforts for gaining
their independence, by affording to the present
generation our aid, countenance, and assistance.
Tell her that, when the Cubans shall have con-
quered their independence, theirs shall be the right
of remaining a s'eparate Republic, if they so pre-
fer; that we will cherish, aid, and protect them
from all foreign interference, and will draw close
the bonds of a mutual, social, and commercial in-
tercourse, that shall be of incalculable benefit to
both. Tell her, too, that, if the people of the
island, with their independence once acquired,
and republican institutions established, shall de-
sire to unite themselves with us, they shall be ad- .
mitted to the equal benefits which our system of
government secures "to each independent State
that enters into its charmed circle. She shall
unite with us freely, the equal associate of free
States; and when the union shall have been accom-
plished, the sword of the nation shall smite down
any rude hand that shall attempt to sunder those
whom the God of freedom has united.'
Mr. D00LITTLE. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of the acquisition of Cuba and its annexation
to the United States of America is no new ques-
tion to me. If there is one question of national
policy in this country which may be said to be
settled and fixed, it is our policy in relation to
the Island of Cuba. .That policy may be said to
rest upon three'foundations:, First, that under no
circumstances will the Government of the United
States consent that the Island of Cuba shall ever
be transferred by Spain to any cither European
Power; second, that so long as it remains, in
point of fact as well as in name, a dependency of
the Spanish Crown, (he Government of the Uni-
ted States will never undertake, by force of arms,
to wrest it from her possession; and the third
point in that policy is, that, whenever the United
States can, by fair and honorable negotiation with
the. Government of Spain, and I may add, with
the consent of the population of the Island of
Cuba, acquire its possession, we are ready to ac-
cept it.
I furthermore am frank to say that I fully be-
lieve that in the fullness of time and in the devel-
opment of the great national policy which is to
govern and control this continent, the Island 6f
Cuba is one day to be incorporated within the
sovereignty and the jurisdiction of the United
States of America. 1 believe, also, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the time has not yet.come. I shall not ,
'take up the time of the Senate at this hour by nar-
rating what has been done by the Government
on this subject for the last thirty 01* forty years.
I will refer to it, however, and read two or three
brief extracts only .
During the administrationofMr. Adams,when
Mr. Clay was Secretary of State, in his letter to
Mr. Alexander H. Everitt, then our Minister at
Madrid, he uses this emphatic language, as show-
ing at that day the policy of the Government of
the United States in relation to the Island of
Cuba:
" Tt e United States are satisfied with the present condi-
tion ft'those islands [Cuba and Porto Rico] in the hands of
Spain, and with their ports open to our commeice, as they
are now open. Tins Government desires no political change
ot that condition. The population itself of tiie islands is in-
competent ai present, from its composition and its amount,
to maintain sett-government."
During the Administration of General Jackson,
Mr. Van Buren, as Secretary of State, communi-
cated the same view to the Government of Spain;
and during the Administration of Mr. Polk, as late
as 1848, when the present Executive magistrate
was himself Secretary of State, in his letter as
such, to Mr. Sanders, then in Spain, he said:
"You might assure him that, whilst this Government is
entirely satisfied that Cuba shall remain under the domin-
ion of Spam, wc should, in any event, resist its acquisition
by any other nation. And, finally, you might inform him
that, under all these circumstances, the President had ar-
