1859.
?JfI CONGRESSIONAL GJ.OBE.
m
rived at the conclusion that Spain might be willing to trans-
fer the island to the United States for a full and fair consid-
eration."
And again: Mr. Everett, during the adminis-
trationof Mr. Fillmore, in 1852, in his note to
the Compete de Sartiges, speaking of this sub-
ject, says:
" A respectful sympathy with the fortunes of an ancient
ally and a gallant people, with whom the United States
have ever maintained the most friendly relations, would, if
no other reason existed, make it our duty to leave her in
tjie undisturbed posne^siou ,ef this little remnant of.Jier
mighty tiansatlantic empire. The President desires todo
so. No word or deed of his will ever question her title or
shake her possession. But can it be expected to last very
long ? Can it resist this mighty current in the fortunes of
the world?"
Daring the very last Ad ministration which pre-
ceded the present, Mr. Marcy, in his letter to
Mr. Soule, of the 23d of July, 1853, says:
" While Spain remains, in fact as well as in name, the
sovereign of Cuba, she can depend upon our maintaining our
duty as a neutral nation towards her, however difficult it
may be. In this respect, the future will be as the past has
been."
Again, he $ays:
"Our Minister at Madrid, during the administration of
President Polk, was insuueted to ascertain if Spain was
disposed to transfer Cuba to the United States for a liberal
pecurnaiy consideration. J do not understand,-however,
that it was at that time the policy of this Government to ac-
quire that island unless its inhabitants were ve^y generally
disposed to concur in lUe transfer."'
And again he says, in the same dispatch, and
the remark gives evidence of the practical wisdom
which distinguished that statesman: ^
"In thepie&ent aspect of the case, the President does
not deem it ptoper to authorize you to make any proposition
for the purchase of that island. There is now no hope-, as
he believes, that such a pioposition.would be favorably re-
ceived, and the offer of it might, and probably would, be
attended with injurious effects."
In his letter of November 13, 1854, to Mr*
Soule, in reply to the celebrated Ostend circular
in which Mr. Marcy, as Secretary of State, on
behalf of the Government of the United States,
repudiated the dishonorable alternative of cession
or seizure which seemed to be presented to Spain
in that circular, he said:
"But should you have reasofi to believe that the-men in
power are adverse to entertaining such a proposition, [name-
ly, cession]—that the offerof it would be offensive to the na-
tional pride of Spam, and that it would find no favorm any
considerable class of the people, then it will be but too evi-
dent that the tune for opening, or attempting to open, such
a negotiation has not arrived. It appears to the President,
that nothing could be gamed, and something might be lost,
by an attempt tcrpush on a negotiation against such a gen-
eral resistance."
As I stated in the outset, the letters of the Sec-
retaries of State of the United States have shown
what the policy of this Government is in relation
to the acquisition of the Island of Cuba. T,hnt
policy is based, as I have stated, upon three foun-
dations, the first of which is, that we will never
consent, cost what it may, to the transfer of that
island by Spam to any other European Power.
Such-a transfer would be resisted by the unani-
mous voice of the American people, a,nd especi-
ally by the Republican party, as against its policy,
and against all ourhistoiy. We would resist the
transfer to England or to France, if need be, re-
sist it to the very death, cost what it might of
treasure or of blood. But let me tell you that the
grounds on which wc would resist it, would not be
upon the grounds stated by the honorable Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] the other day, in his
speech on this subject. The honorable Senator
from Georgia declared that it was the policy of
the United States to obtain -the Island of Cuba
for the purpose of making the Gulf of Mexico a
mare clausum; that it was our purpose to obtain
not only Cuba, but all the islands of the Gulf of
Mexico, of the islands of the Caribbean sea; and
he declared, in the rapture of his expressions,
that if he did not live to see it, tin* youngest of
those now living should see the day when no flag
should be permitted to float on those seas but by
our permission.
Mr. President, 1 was surprised to hear such
language as that fall from any Senator upon the
floor of the American Senate. A mare clausum to
be made in the high seas by the Government of
the United States! Our whole policy has been
against it from the beginning. We have fought
against the doctrine of a mire clausum. We have
gained our greatest glory on the high seas in
fighting against it. It was for the freedom of the
seas that we waged war in 1813. It was for the
freedom of the seas that we opened up the Med-;
iterranean. It was for the freedom of the seas
that we put down the Algerine pirates that were
levying contributions upon the commerce of the
world. It was to maintain the freedom of the seas
and put down this doctrine of s. tnard clausum,
that we opposed the Danish Sound dues. Short
as has been my term on the floor of the Senate,
I have already been called upon to take part,in
the formation of a treaty by which Denmark, at
our solicitation, and in carrying out our policy,
has been compelled to surrender this idea of a
metre clausum upon the high seas.
No, Mr. President, it would be for the purpose
of preventing the Gulf of Mexico from ever being
made a mare clausum by England, or by Prance,
or any other great naval Power, that we would
resist this transfer, and resistJt to the very death.
It would be to maintain the freedom of the seas, to
keep those seas open to the commerce of the
world, and at' the same time to keep them open
to our own commerce, that we would resist its
transfer. What may be the motto of the party
upon the other sidg of the Chamber, of which the
distinguished Senator from Georgia is a leading
chief, I know not; but the motto of the Republi-
can party to-day is, as it was in the war of 1812,
and as it ever will be, " the freedom "of the seas,
the free commerce of the seas, that the highways
of the world shall not be closed to the commerce
of the world." We admit no such doctrine, and
will never subscribe to it.
I have stated that it has been the settled policy
of tins Government, when the Government of
Spain would consent' to the transfer to the United
States, and the people of the Island of Cuba would
also consent to the transfer of their jurisdiction to
the United States, that we would be willing to
accept it under proper conditions. This lastcon-
! sideration, in relation to the wishes of the popu-
lation of that island, is a matter of so great im-
portance that, in perfecting this bill before any
vote shall.be taken upon it, I have desired to offer
an amendment; and 1 will offer it as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio:
Jlndprovided, Thai in any treaty whi^h may becntried
into befWe'en the Government of the United States and the
Government of irpain, there shall be inserted an express
provision tliat said treaty shall be wholly inoperative until
the s^me sit.ill be submitted to, and latified by, the majoi tty
of the free white male inhabitants of twenty-one ye;u* of
age and upwards, of the Island of Cuba, at an election to
be held for the purpose piiiMiani to lawful authority.
Another point which I have mentioned in our
national policy, is this: that we will never under-
take by force of arms to wrest the Island of Cuba
from the Spanish Government against her will.
Our national faith, our national honor, is plighted
to that effect. It has been plighted over and over
and over again, and the proposition of the alter-
native held out to Spain of either cession or seiz-
ure, never found light until the celebrated Ostend
circular," which appeared in 1854, and which was
repudiated by the then Secretary of State, Mr.
Marcy. I say that, in carrying out to the very
letter this part of our policy in relation to Cuba,
we are bound to do so by every consideration of
our true national character. Our duty to God
demands it, and our duty to man demands it
also. Standing as we do to-day, m the very
vanguard of human civilization, we are bound
to keep inviolate our national faith; never under
any temptation to violate it, by becoming our-
selves the wrong-doer and.aggressor. I know
' that gentlemen may quote, for our example, the
histories of other nations of the world, of Greece,
of Rome, of England, of France, of Russia. You
may tell us that their career is one continued ca-
reer of conquest extending all over the globe; but
■ their examples are not for us to follow m this re-
spect. The difference between them and us is,
that the very foundation upon which our Gov-
ernment rests, upon which it is based, and by
which it is to be controlled and guided in all its
policy, is that of honesty, justice, uprightness,
and good faith. We have yet never entered
upon a war of conquest. I trust in God, we shall
never enter upon such a war. It would but open
i the way to the creation of an immense national
debt, and the raising of immense navies and im-
mense standing armies, the result of which would
! come back upon ourselves, in the creation of one
grand consolidated empire, like the empire of i
i Rome. Much as we should desire the aequisi- j
i tion of Cuba, much as we should desire to add to '
our^possessions all the British provinces of JJorth
America, the outlet" of the St.''Lawrence, the
Canadas, JNTew Brunswick, the £Josrthwe$* pos-
sessions, the Island of Vancouver—those vast
territories which lie upon our northern frontier^
and. compared with which Cuba, important as it
is, is frardly to be mentioned; yet I trust',' the'day
will never come when th£ doctrine will;find favoir
in the American Senate or before the American
people, thrifc we shall e$ter upon a career of con-
quest, .and seize those territories,' because we
have the power to do it.
Sir, let uj? bide our time; let us wait until, in
the course of human events, these great cessions
can be made. These great annexations may take
place to our Government and our dominion, not
by conquest, not by4 rapine, or by robbery, but
ihey may take place peacefully, by honorable ne-
gotiation, honorable annexation. Least of all is
it any part of our policy to conquer an unwilling
people; to conquer territories which are already
thickly settled; to conquer an island, like the
Island of Cuba, which has upon it already nearly
one million five hundred thousand inhabitants;
which is .as thickly settled as many of the States
of the Union, and more ^firmlous-than the great
majority of the States oflnis Unfon. It is no part
of our policy to conquer and bring under our ju-
risdiction, against their will,a mixed people, three
fourths ofwhom are not of our race, and nine
tenths of whom know nothing of our language,
our laws, our customs, our religion; nine tenths
of whom never knew anything about republican
institutions or republican government. It is no
part of our American policy to enter upon any
such career of conquest as that.
Again, sir; if there be any thing established in
our policy it is this, as another point, that we will
never, under any circumstances, make the offer
to purchase the Island of Cuba from Spain,atany
time and m such a manner as t,o offend her na-
tional pride; but how does this proposition come
forward ? At what time is it introduced into the
Senate by the Committee on Foreign Relations?
The very morning of the day when the Senator
from Louisiana, [M*** Slidell,] from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, introduced this bill
to'the Senate, we received communications from
the Government of Spam. This very proposition
was contained, in substance, in the message of
the President of the United States. It was con-
sidered m both branches of the Spanish Cortes.^
In the Chamber of Deputies it was unanimously"
rejected; in the Senate, also, it was unanimously
rejected; and it was declared by those who spoke
upon that question, all parties concurring, and
without a dissenting voice, that at this time, and
tinder these circumstances, the attempt to reopen
this negotiation would be regarded by the Gov-
ernment of Spam as an insult. The Cortes passed
this resolution:
k,'The C,ortes declares that it has received with satis-
faction the doelaiation of the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
and that it k-> disposed to give to the Government its con-
stant support in order to maintain the integrity of the Span-
ish dominions."
Again, on the 4th of January, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs repeated these declarationsin form,
relating to the Island of Cuba. He declared that:
" ff a representative of a foreign Power came to make me
an offer for the alienation of Cuba I should at once inter-
rupt him in his first phiase, as soon as his first words caused
me to guess his puipose or notion,, and I would tell hint the
effect produced by such intimations^ on all Spanish mind'-.
The ictention of the I«land of Cuba is not for us a question
of interest or convenience—it is a question of dignity and
honoi. No advantage which might accrue from it.no money
or price that could be heaped up befoie us, would be suffi-
cient to determine Spam to sacnfice that glonous retic of
the precious discoveries and magnificent conquests of our
torelathers. The alienation ot Cuba! Why that is a wild,
preposterous idea, which could not piesent itself to any
other than persons who do not know Spain—who had never
fathomed hei deepest feelings."
Mr. President, I confess that it was with very .
great surprise that I listened to the report of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. When this inform-
ation was received direct fiom the Government
of Spam, showing that the Crown, the ministry,
every member of both branches of the Coites,
had rejected it, I was still more surprised that it
should have been pressed on the consideration of
the American Congress. I do not profess to be
a diplomatist; but I consider this mode of reach-
ing Spain, for the purpose of inducing her to enter
into a negotiation to cede to us the Island of Cuba,
