1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
E;
this Union, will be so great that they must be re-
moved from those States, or they will be Afri-
canized—the very result of which you speak. You
charge upon me a desire to make a Hayti of South
Carolina or Louisiana. No, sir; never.- I would
open the outlet, and the only outlet, by which you
can escape it. You must come to it, as sure as6
fate.' You are not so much wiser than Jefferson
or Washington, Madison or Monroe. They fore-
saw'it in their day. It has been approaching ever
since. It is gathering strength and volume; and
come it will.
What will you do with them ? You are holding
the wolf by the ears. You cannot hold on to
him, and you dare not let go. He is gathering
strength every day and every hour, while you
are growing weaker. What will you do with
him? That is the question. You cannot bhnlc
it out,of sight. I tell you, Mr. President, it is a
question above all other questions. In considering
the well-being of the American nation, we must
meet it. You must make an outlet for these peo-
ple, or you must be Africanized in those States
where they are increasing in such a ratio, com-
iared with the increase of the whites. This may
>e speaking plainly, but I have no concealments
on any subjcct. I speak openly, freely; I make
a clean breast of it. If you look at Alabama, it
tells the same story. So of Georgia and Louisiana,
though not to so great a degree in the State of
Louisiana, for the reason that there is a very large
city in that State, and the increase of black pop-
ulation in proportion to the increase of the whites
has not been so marked.
The serious question now arises, as this pop-
ulation must, in the coursc of human events, flow
towards the tropics, and into the tropics; just as
certain as the revolutions of the earth; just as cer-
tain as that water finds its level—shall the Gov-
ernmentof the United States seize upon the tropi-
cal regions of this continent and plant them there
as slaves, or shall we suffer them to go,when they
are emancipated, from within our present juris-
diction to take up their abode among the free peo-
ple of their own color who are already within the
tropics ?
Mr. President, this subject is one to which I
have given no little thought during my brief ex-
perience in political life. I took part m the great
contcst whjph brought Texas into the Union. I
went for the annexation of Texas. 1 did so in
the most perfect good faith. 1 did so because I
believed that Texas was an independent State; its
independence had been acknowledged by Great
Britain and by France; because its people went
out from among us, and were of us, and desired
with one voice to be re-annexed to the Union.
J went for the annexation of Texas also for an-
other reason. That reason I now feel called upon
to state. It was a reason which was proclaimed
through the whole length and breadth of the
land. Every man in Congress wiio spoke on that
subject mentioned it. Every man from the North
or the South who spoke of the annexation of
Texas, and in its relations to the existence of
slavery in this country, advocated the same idea
or kept silence. 1 refer to the ideas which were
advanced by Mr. Walker in his celebrated letter
for the annexation of Texas. I refer to the speech
of the present Chief Executive Magistrate, Mr.
Buchanan. I refer to the speech of General Ash-
ley, of Arkansas, Mr.Tibbatts^of Kentucky, and
I will not say hundreds of others, but many other
persons upon the same subject in the Congress of
the United States. What ground did they put
forward? Upon wbatground was the annexation
of Texas accepted by the American people? It
was upon an express understanding, which was
just as much a part of the compromise between
the people of the North and the South on the
subject of the annexation of Texas, as if it had
been drawn out and sealed and signed and deliv-
ered. What was it? I beg to read a very few
words from the declaiations of these eminent men;
and first I will read from the letter of Mr. Walker,
who subsequently bccame the Secretary of the
Treasury under the Administration which came
into power. Mi. Walker, said:
"Not can if bft di=gui=ed that, by the reannexation, as
the number of tree blacks augmented 111 the slaveholdmg
State*, (hey would bediiiu^ed giadually thioughTe\a- . into
Mexico, and and Southern America, whete mm-
tenlh^ fii tin n pu'--ciit population aio n'arady of the colon-,!
r.ico. :>ud whei u. fioin theirva.-t pH'pondoiuuce in ninubi r.
they arc noi a degraded crwte.but upon a footing, not meirh
of legal, hut, what is far more important, of actual equality
with the rest of the population. Here, then, if Texas is an-
nexed, throughout the vast region and salubrious and deli-
cious climate of Mexico, and of Central and Southern Amer-
ica, a large and rapidly-increasing portion of the African
race will disappear from the limits of the Union. The pro-
cess will be gradual and progressive, without a shock, and
without a convulsion."
Further, he said:
" Again, then, the question is asked, is slavery never to
disappear from ttoe Union ? This is a startling and-moment-
ous question, but the answer is easy and the proof is clear;
it will ccitainfy disappear if Texas is reannexed to the
Union."
- Now, I beg to call the attention of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] and the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] to the words of Mr.
Walker:
" Thus, that same overruling Providence that watched
over the landing of* the emigrants and Pilgrims at James-
town and at PJymoijth; that gave us the victoiy m our
struggle for independence;, that guided by his inspiration
the fiamcrs of our wonderful Constitution ; that has Urns
far preserved this great Union from dangers so many and
imminent, and 13 now shielding it from Abolition, its most
dangerous and internal foe, will open Texas as a safety-
valve,into and thiough which slavery will slowly and grad-
ually recede, and finally disappear in the boundless re-
gions of Mexico, and Central and Southern America
Beyond the Del Norte slavery will not pass, not only
because it is foi bidden by law, bur because the colored races
there prepondeiate in the ratio of ten tooncover the whites ;
and holding, as they do, the Government, and most of the
offices, in theil- own possession, they will never permit the
enslavement of any portion of the colored lace, which
makes and executes the laws of the country."
This was the language of Mr. Walker addressed
to the people of the United States, and scattered
broadcast over the whole land, thick as the falling
leaves of the forest, or the snow flakes in winter.
It went to every dwelling, it reached every man.
The argument here was in every man's mouth.
It went home to the hearts of the great American
people. I accepted it for myself, I acted upon its
reasonings. - I believed m its truth; I believe it
now that the Providence of Almighty God is lead-
ing this thing in that-very direction; that this re-
sistless current in human affairs is flowing onward
to the tropics with this race; resist it you cannot,
to defeat it is impossible. For one, I would not
undertake to resist it. I would aid it onward and
onward in its peaceful flow.
The honorable Senator from Ohio, yesterday,
was pleased to say to me that the proposition
which I had introduced could not be carried out,
and that even Commodore Paulding could not aid
me in carrying it into effect. Let me call the at-
tention of that honorable Senator to a few facts.
Slavery once existed all ovei the Central Ameri-
can States. It existed under the Government of
Spain when in the zenith of its power and glory.
Slavery has had its day in the tropics. The
colored race, by the very force of chmatc, and the
laws which God the Almighty has stamped upon
the earth, and upon his constitution, has enfran-
chised himself. The white race became so en-
feebled in the tropics by the operation of the same
laws that they could no longer Hold the wolf they
had taken by the ears. It became too strong for
them; it lesistcd, and it obtained its freedom.
Freedom has been won in the Central American
States. It exists there to-day. You cannot over-
turn it if you would. It is not in your power to
do it.
When General Walker, of whom we have heard
so much, was invited by the Government of Nic-
aragua to come and take charge of its affairs, he
was asked to come there not to establish slavery,
but because he was known to be a free-State man.
He had labored in California to make that a free-
State, and to resist the introduction of slavery
there. Walker, as was well known and under-
stood by all its friends, was'opposed to the insti-
tution of slavery. He went, to Nicaragua. He
was placed by the almost unanimous voice of its
people at the head of its affairs. He ruled them
at his pleasure; but in an evil hour, under the
dictation of fanaticism—for it is nothing but fanat-
icism that would undertake to reestablish slavery
within the American tropics at that late day—at
the suggestion of emissaries from this country,
in an evil hour, he revoked the decree abolishing
slavery in Nicaragua; and what was the consc-
quence * He lost in an hou) ins hold upon that
people. Th^y rose en masse against him. They
surrounded him on every hand; they starved him
out; tliey reduced him to a poor, miserable rem-
nant on the Lake of Nicaragua, and where the
Government of the United States hcnt a vessel to
rescue him, as was said the Secretary of the
Navy, as an act of humanity to rescue him and
his followers from an outraged people.
• Again he made the attempt to plant slavery in
Nicaragua by force of arms. His design was
thwarted by the gallant Commodore Paulding, m
the faithful execution xyf the orders of t^e Gov-
ernment; and in doing which he did accomplish
that which the gentleman from Ohio thinks him
incapable of aiding.
The attempt was renewed; and as that veteran
officer had been recalled for the too faithful exe-
cution of his duty, the vessel which carried the
expedition was suffered to escape from our shores,
but was wrecked on the* Inland of Roatan; and
the men'composing the expedition were returned
to this country as objects of charity by the gov-
ernor of that free negro colony.
I ask the Senator from Ohio if hetannot see the
hand of Providence in this transaction ?
Mr. PUGH. I should like to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator. Do I understand him to
state as a fact, that Afiiean slavery existed in
Central America and Mexico?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that African
slavery was general all over the States of Mexico
and Central America; but I §.m informed that, in
Honduras, in a population of less than live hun-
dred thousand, there is one hundred and forty
thousand negroes, and that slavery existed in all
those States, principally slavery of the Indian
races. Negroes were also introduced into all,
though not to the same extent that they were in
the West Indies.
Mr. PUGH. There are scarcely any negroes
there. I recollect I traveled over a great part of
Mexico, and never saw butone negro in the whole
country, and.he was a runaway from the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish now Mr. Presi-
dent, to read a very few sentences more and I
shall relieve the patience of the Senate. Mr. Nor-
ris, of New Hampshire; Mr. Dickinson, of New
York; Mr. Dean, of Ohio; General Ashley, of
Arkansas; Mr. Tibbatts, of Kentucky; and very
many other gentlemen, both from the North and
thcSouth, tookthis same view; but I will call espe-
cial attention to the language of the present Chief
Magistrate, Mr. Buchanan, then a Senator on this
floor. He said:
" After mature reflection, I now believe that the acquisi-
tion ol Tcxa- will be the means of limiting, not enlarging,
the dominion of slaveiy. In the government of the world,
Piovidencc generally produces great changes by gradual
means. There is nothing lash m the councils jof the Al-
mighty.* May not, then, the acquisition of Texas be the
means of (hawing the slaves far to the South, to a climate
runic congenial to then nature; and may they not finally
pa<-> off into Mexico, and then; mingle with a lace where no
ptojudice e\M> against their colorA * * *
" Tox.n wiN open an outlet, and slavery itself may thus
finally pu-s the Del Noite, and bo lost in Mexico."
Mr. President, 1 shall not take up the time of
the Senale now, by speaking on the various com-
promises which, from time to time, have been
made in good faith between the North and the
South, j shall not speak of the compromise of
1820, nor of its violation in 1854. I call especial
attention to this understanding,"by whatever name
it may be denominated. It was the general con-
viction of the American people. The very ground
on winch you asked to annex Texas to the Union,
was this most solemn assertion to the people of
this country, that there should never be any at-
tempt to carry slavery beyond the Rio Grande;
but that all free colored persons of African de-
scent in the States of this Union, who should desire
to do so, should have the privilege of migrating
into those regions; and that those who hereafter
should become emancipated by the voluntary act
of the master, or in any other way, would there
find homes amongapeople of their own race, and
an outlet by which they could be gradually with-
drawn from the States of this Republic, and thus
avert that calamity—of all other Calamities the
most to be dreaded—the scenes of San Domingo
reenacted within the Gulf States of our own Con-
federacy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I design to submit some
remarks to the Senate on this subject.
Mr. SEWARD. I frave offense, the other day,
to my honorable friend, by asking him not to
speak that day. We settled that account, how-
ever; and I make bold to ask him now, whether
he will not rrtw way lo a motion to adjourn r
Mr. CH1TTENDKN. I uvkdinly \m!L 1 am
