1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
be issued bearing an interest not exceeding six
per centum per annum; and that it shall not be
necessary, as directed by the original act afore-
said, after advertisement, to exchange them for
specie to the bidder or bidders who shall agree to
make such exchange at the lowest rate of interest
upon said notes; and that in all other respects the
reissue of said Treasury notes shall be subject to
the terms and conditions of the act aforesaid.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, un-
der the act of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, to issue coupon or.registered stock,
as the purchaser may elect.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the post
office in Boston, Massachusetts, shall not be re-
moved from its present location until after the
next session of Congress: Provided, The remon-
strants against its removal will indemnify the
Government from any additional expense grow-
ing out of any contracts for another site.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That such
officers as were placed upon the " furlough list,"
by the action of the said naval retiring board, and
who have been subsequently transferred to the
"leave list," shall be allowed " leave pay" for
and during the time they were on the furlough
list as aforesaid, deducting the furlough pay which
they received during said time.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in case
of the death of any officer after his restoration
or transfer as aforesaid, his legal representatives
fihall be entitled to receive the amount which said
officer would have received under this act up to
the time of his death.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That in de-
fault of any contractor under the act approved
August twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two, entitled "An act to provide for executing
the public printing and establishing the prices
therefor, and for other purposes," to comply with
his contract in furnishing the paper for the public
printing in proper time and of suitable quality,
the Superintendent of the Public Printing is hereby
authorized and directed to advertise for propo-
sals, for such time, and in such places, as he may
deem expedient, and award the contract to the
lowest bidder, and to purchase in the open mar-
ket upon the best practicable terms, all the paper
that may be required for the public printing until
a new contract is made; and any increase of cost
to the Government in procuring a supply of paper,
the contractor in default and his securities shall
be charged with and held responsible for the same,
and shall be prosecuted upon their bond, in the
name of the United States in the circuit court of
the United States. And all acts or parts of acts
inconsistent with this section be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in ail
cases where, by the terms of any Indian treaty
in Kansas Territory, said Indians are entitled to
separate selections of land, and to a patent there-
for, under guards, restrictions, or conditions for
their benefit, the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to cause patents therefor to issue to
such Indian or Indians,and their heirs, upon such
conditions and limitation, and under such guards
or restrictions as may be prescribed by said Sec-
retary; Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to apply to the New York In-
dians, or to affect their rights under the treaty
made by them in eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight at Buffalo Creek.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Support of the Army for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thiitieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty.
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
reciuits, three months'extra pay to non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates on reeu-
listment, eighty-nine thousand nine hundred and
ninety-nine dollars.
For pay of the Army, three million and ninety-
one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four dol-
lars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, nine
hundred and ninety-eight thousand four hundred
and thirty-four dollars and fifty cents.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and four thousand one hundred and
twenty-eight dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, fifty thousand dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, thirty-nine thousand eight hundred and
ninety dollars.
For subsistence in kind, one million nine hun-
dred and sixty-nine thousand five hundred and
forty dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp, and garrison
equipage, and iron bedsteads for barracks, one
million one hundred and twenty-nine thousand
eight hundred and nine dollars and seventy-eight
cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers, en-
listed men, guard, hospitals, store-houses, and
offices; of forage m kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen, of the quartermaster's departmental
the several posts and stations and with the armies
in the field; for the horses of the two regiments
of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry, the
regiment of mounted riflemen," the companies of
light artillery, and such companies of infantry as
may be mounted, and for the authorized number
of officers' horses when serving in the field and
at the outposts, including bedding for the ani-
mals; of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of sta-
tionery, including blank-books for the quarter-
master's department, certificates for discharged
soldiers, blank forms for the pay and quartermas-
ter's departments, and for tho printing of division
and Department orders and reports, one million
four hundred and forty thousand dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, including the additional
compensation ofjudges-advocate, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under
the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
two; extra pay to soldiers employed under the
direction of the quartermaster's department, in
the erection of barracks, quarters, store-houses,
and hospitals; in the construction of roads, and
on other constant labor, for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred arid fifty-four, including those
employed as clerks at division and Department
headquarters; expenses of expresses to and from
the frontier posts and armies in the field; of es-
corts to paymasters and other disbursing officers,
and to trains, where military escorts cannot be
furnished; expense of the interment of officers
killed in action, or who die when on duty in the
field, or at the posts on the frontiers, and of non-
commissioned officers and soldiers; authorized
office furniture; hire of laborers in the quartermtis-
ter's department, including the hire of interpre-
ters, spies, and guides for the Army; compensa-
tion of clerks of the officers of the quartermaster's
department; compensation of forage and wagon
masters, authorized by the act of July fifth,eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-eight; for the apprehen-
sion of deserters, and the expenses incident to
their pursuit; and for the following expenditures
required for the two regiments of dragoons, the
two regiments of cavalry, the regimen t of raoun ted
riflemen, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted, viz: the purchase of traveling forges,
blacksmiths'and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire
of veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses and
mules, picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses
of the corps named, four hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the amoutit of this
appropriation below the estimates shall be de-
ducted from the amount estimated for pay of la-
borers in the quartermaster's department.
For constructing barracks and other buildings
at posts which it may be necessary to occupy
during the year; and for repairing, altering, and
enlarging buildings at the established posts, in-
cluding hire or commutation of quarters for offi-
cers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops,
of storehouses.for the safe-keeping of military
stores, and of grounds for summer "cantonments;
and for temporary frontier stations, three hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided,, That noperaa-
nent barracks and quarters shall hereafter be con-
structed, unless detailed estimates shall have been
previously submitted to Congress, and shall have
been approved by a special appropriation for the
same.
For mileage or the allowance made to. officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided, That
mileage shall not be allowed when the officer has
been transferred or relieved at his own request.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops, when mov;ng either by
land or water; of clothing, camp, and garrison
equipage from the depot at Philadelphia to the
several posts-and Army depots, and from those
depots to the troops in the field; of horse equip-
ments and of subsistence from the places of pur-
chase and from the places of delivery under con-
tract, to such places as the circumstances of the
service may require thera to be sent; of ordnance,
ordnance stores, and pmall arms, from thefoun-
deriesand armories, to the arsenals, fortifications,
frontier posts, and Army depots; freights, wharf-
age, tolls, and ferriages; for the purchase and hire
of horses, mules.and oxen, and the purchase and
repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships,
and other sea-going vessels, and boats required for
the transportation of supplies and for garrison
purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several
posts; hire of teamsters; transportations of funds
for the pay and other disbursing departments; the
expense of sailing public transports on the vari-
ous rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic
and Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts
as from their situation require that it be brought
from a distance; and for clearing roads and re-
moving obstructions therein to the extent which
may be required for the actual operations of the
troops on the frontier, three million dollars.
For the purchase of horses for the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry,
the regiment of mounted riflemen, and the com-
panies of light artillery, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments,
ninety-one thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant gen-
eral's department at department headquarters,
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the commanding general, two
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
commanding general, three hundred dollars.
For armament of fortifications, two hundred
thousand dollars, out of which fifty thousand
dollars are to be used for experiments on heavy
ordnance.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted regi-
ments, two hundred thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnanee ser-
vice, including experiments in arms and ammu-
nition, not otherwise provided for, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armories, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the Allegheny arsenal, five thousand dol-
lars.
For the Benicia arsenal, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, fourteen thousand
dollars.
For New York arsenal, three thousand dollars.
For Worth Carolina arsenal, two thousand two
hundred and thirty-five dollais.
For Texas arsenal, twenty-one thousand dol-
lars.
For Washington arsenal, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
