346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March
35TH CbNGi...2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For Watertown arsenal, one thousand dollars.
For Watervliet arsenal, twenty-five thousand
dollars; a part of which sum may be applied to
the purchase of a piece of ground adjoining the
arsenal on the south side, east of the Erie canal.
For contingencies of arsenals, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, geograph-
ical explorations, and reconnaissances, for mili-
tary purposes, and surveys with armies in the
field, fifty thousand dollars.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, ten
thousand dollars.
For printing charts of lake surveys, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the recovery
and the restoration to their homes of the children
surviving the massacre by Indians of the emi-
grant trains from Arkansas, in the fall of eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, ton thousand dollars.
For the payment to the State of Minnesota for
expenses incurred by Captain James Starkey's
company of Minnesota volunteers,called out by
tlte Governor of the Territory of Minnesota m
eighteen [hundred] and fifty-seven to protect the
settlers of the valley of Sunrise river against the
Chippewa Indians, two thousand six hundred
and thirty-nine dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
For the removal of the< Court Orielle band of
the Chippewa Indians, on the Red Cedar and
Menomonee rivers, in Wisconsin, and providing
a permanent home for them among the Chip-
pewas of Lake Superior or the Upper Missis-
sippi, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Springfield armory, Massachusetts,
fifty-three thousand nine hundred and ten dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry armory, fifty-five
thousand dollars.
For printing a revised edition of the system of
instruction for field artillery, horse and foot, to
be stereotyped, with engraved plates, now ready
for the press, and for procuring for distribution
to the militia of the United States,books of tacti-
cal instruction, ten thousand dollars.
For the construction of a military road from
Fort Benton to Walla-Walla,one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to repay to the State of Texas, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
moneys advanced by that State for the payment
of six companies of mounted volunteers called
into service by General Persifer F. Smith, on the
first of November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, for three months: Provided, That there shall
be no greater pay or allowances to these compa-
nies than was given to similar troops in the ser-
vice of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of executing a resolution approved May
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, en-
titled " A resolution to authorize the Secretary of
War to receive additional evidence in support of
the claims of Massachusetts and other States of
the United States for disbursement services, and
so forth, during the late war," the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to Massachusetts, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of two hundred and twenty-seven
thousand one hundred and seventy-six dollars
and forty-eight cents, reported under said resolu-
tion to be due to said State by J. R. Poinsett, late
Secretary of War, in a report dated the twenty-
third of December, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, made to the House of Representatives the
twenty-seventh of December, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven: Provided, That, in lieu of pay-
ment in money, the Secretary of the Treasury
may, at his discretion,issue to said State United
States stock bearing an interest of five per centum
per annum, and redeemable at the end of ten
years, or sooner, at the pleasure of the President.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
Ohd sfebtion of thfe act of third March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, entitled "An act to found
a military asylum for the relief and support of
invalid and disabled soldiers of the Army of the
United States, be so amended as to reduce the
number of commissioners authorized by that.sec-
tion to three, and to consist of the commissary
general of subsistence, the surgeon general, and
the adjutant general, (any two of whom shall be
a quorum for the transaction of business,) whose
duty it shall be to examine and audit the accounts
of the treasurer quarter-yeajly, and to visit and
inspect the military asylum at least once in every
month.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the ben-
efits of the said act be, and they are hereby, ex-
tended so as to include the invalid and disabled
soldiers, whether regulars or volunteers, of the
war of eighteen hundred and twelve, and of all
subsequent wars; and that so much, of the act of
the third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
as is inconsistent herewith be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all pen-
sioners on account of wounds or disability in-
curred in the military service, shall transfer and
surrender their pensions to the institution for and
during the time they may remain therein and vol-
untarily continue to receive its benefits.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the de-
ductions of twenty-five cents per month from the
pay of the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
artificers, and privates in the Army, shall be re-
duced, from and after the thirtieth of June next,
to twelve and a half cents per month, and that
the title of the act be, and the same is hereby,
changed from the "Military Asylum "to that of
" Soldiers' Home:" And provided further, That
all persons now in, or that may hereafter be ad-
mitted into, the institution, shall be, and are
hereby, made subject to the rules and articles of
war, and will be governed thereby in the same
manner as soldiers in the Army.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
following sums be, and they are hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the following fortifi-
cations:
For fort at Hog Island Ledge, forty thousand
dollars.
For Fort Knox, Penobscot Bay, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
twenty thousand dollars.
For Fort Richmond, Staten Island, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For Fort Carroll, Sollers' Point, forty thousand
dollars.
For Fort Montgomery, Lake Champlain, ten
thousand dollars.
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
For Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For Port Sumpter, Charleston, South Carolina,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Clinch, Florida, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For Fort Point, California, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For Fort Alcatraz, California, thirty thousand
dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Tortugas, Florida, ninety-
five thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, seventy thousand
dollars.
For continuing the construction of the works
at Port Gaines, thirty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of fortifications and
repairs, thirty thousand dollars.
Apfroved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act to provide for the
Care and Preservation of the Works construct-
ed by the United States, for bringing the Poto-
mac Water into the Cities of Washington and
Georgetown for the supply of said water for
all governmental purposes, and for the uses and
benefits of the inhabitants of the said cities.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the dams, aqueducts, water-gates,
reservoirs, and all fixtures and improvements con-
nected therewith, which have been, or may here-
after be, constructed by the United States for ..the
conveyance of the water from the Potomac river,
above the Great Falls thereof, to the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, together with the lands,
houses, fencing-water, and other rights and ap-
purtenances connected with the same, and belong-
ing to the Government,as also the main conduits,
supply pipes, basins, hydrants, fountains, stop-
cocks, sewers, drains, receiving basins, and all
other fixtures connected with the same,.which
have been, or may hereafter be, laid down or con-
structed by the United States, shall be placed by
the President of the United States under the im-
mediate care, management, and superintendence
of a properly qualified officer of the United States
corps of engineers to be appointed by him, who
shall act under the Department of the Interior,
and who shall make an annual report to that De-
partment in the month of November in each year,
to be laid before Congress, at the commencement
of their regular annual session, of the work, pro-
ceedings, repairs, casualties and expenditures
connected with the said water-works for the pre-
ceding year; and such officer, as a compensation
for the duties and responsibilities imposed upon
him by this act, shall receive, for his pay as said
engineer, no more than his regular pay as an offi-
cer of the corps. He shall occupy the necessary
apartments in one of the public buildings in the
city of Washington as may be directed by the
President, and shall be supplied by the Govern-
ment with the stationery, instruments, books,
and furniture required in the performance of his
public duties. And in this office of the engineer
of the Potomac water-works shall be kept and
preserved a complete record of all the lands and
other property and matters and things enumer-
ated in this section, and otherwise connected
with or belonging to these water-works, or which
may hereafter be acquired or procured for the
same. The said engineer shall have full power
and control over the said water-works, and shall
regulate the manner in which the said corpora-
tions of Washington and Georgetown may tap
the pipes for the supply thereof, and shall stop
the same whenever it is found no more than ade-
quate to meet the wants of the General Govern-
ment, The said engineer's decision on all ques-
tions connected therewith to be subject only to
appeal to the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec . 2. [And] be itfurther enacted,That full power
and authority are hereby given to the corporations
of Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, to supply the inhabitants within
their respective limits with Potomac water from
the aqueduct mains or pipes, now laid or to belaid
in the streets and avenues by the United States;
and to make all laws and regulations for the prop-
er distribution of the same, subject to the restric-
tions prescribed by this act: Provided, That no
expense shall devolve upon the United States in
consequence of said distribution.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporations shall have authority by ordinance,
act, or otherwise, to establish a scale of annual
rates for the supply and use of said water, ap-
portioned to different classes of buildings in said
city, according to their seize, dimensions, assessed
values, exposure to fires, uses for dwellings,
stores, shops, stables, manufactories, or other
purposes, number of occupants, or consumption
of water, measured by meter or otherwise, and to
modify, alter, amend, increase, or reduce such
scale, from time to time, and extend it to other
description of buildings and establishments; to
collect such rates or rents, when so fixed, in ad-
vance, or otherwise, through such agents or com-
missioners as they may authorize,from the owners
or occupants of all such buildings or establish-
ments, respectively, who may use the water there-
in; to stop the supply of water to any such dwell-
ing or establishment upon a failure to pay said
rate, charge, or rent; and generally to enact such
lays as may be necessary to supply the inhabitants
of t,aid city of Washington with pure and whole-
some water, and to carry into full and complete
effect the powers herein granted: Provided, That
the rates levied by the cities of Georgetown and
Washington shall never be a source of revenue
other than as a tpeans of keeping up to the said
cities a supply of water.
