1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of the Northwestern Territory should be admit-
ted when they had sixty .thousand inhabitants;
and that ordinance having been extended over the
territory south of the Ohio, which included Ten-
nessee, gave her all the privileges granted by Che
ordinance, including the right of admission when
she had sixty thousand inhabitants. But, sir,
this case is still plainer than that of Tennessee;
for the organic act of Oregon not only extends the
ordinance, as in the case of Tennessee, but ex-
pressly provides that the people of Oregon shall
be entitled to all the privileges and subject to all
the disabilities and all the incumbrances that the
people of the Northwestern Territory, by virtue
of that ordinance, were entitled and subject to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to as.k the gentle-
man one question. It is this; if, in his opinion,
the act organizing theTerritory of Oregon, is so
binding upon tins Congress that it cannot disre-
gard it if, in its opinion, it ought to require.a
larger population
Mr. CLARIi, of Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman with great pleasure. I mean no dis-
respect, and make the application to no individual;
but this Government is a Government of law.
We are bound by the Constitution and by the
♦laws. And when Congress makes an enactment,
and sends it out as the will of the people of this
nation, authorizing the people of a Territory to
form a constitution and Stategovernment, for the
purpose of being admitted into the Union, would
the gentleman from Illinois, or any other man of
honor, violate that compact?
Mr. KELLOGG. That compact to wiich the
gentleman refers is esteemed but ag an act of legis-
lation; and 1 ask the gentleman now if the com-
pact with Oregon of which he speaks was more
sacred than the compact known as the Missouri
compromise law, prohibiting slavery north of
360 30' ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Not a particle.
Mr. KELLOGG. Where, then, was the honor
in the repeal of that compact?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman, though it is wandering somewhat
from the subject. The one was no more binding
than the other; but the gentleman will remember
that the Missouri compromise, as the gentleman's
party declare, was canonized in the hearts of the
people; and yet the gentleman will remember that
when it was moved in Congress to extend that
Missouri compromise line to the Pacific ocean,
gentlemen of his party in Congress repudiated
and spit upon it, and said that it was nothing
more than an act of Congress, find that it was a
slander upon the American mind to say that it
was a sacred eompact.
Mr. KELLOGG. A party in this Government
refused to extend it, but never proposed to re-
peal it, never spit upon it; and I ask the gentle-
man to correct his quotation in regard to its being
canonized in the hearts of the people, and ask
him to give the credit of that sentiment to the
Democratic party, or to one blanch of the Dem-
ocratic party.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. But I proceed.
Oregon, then, in my judgment, is entitled to ad-
mission by the terms of the ordinance of 1787—
an act which has operated upon my mind, and
which ought to have force with the Congress of
the United States. I think, further, thatthe prin-
ciple of population in nowise applies to Oregon.
The act was passed by this House'an an expres-
sion of the public will, and, with great unanimity,
authorizing the people of Oregon to form a consti-
tution, and establish a State form of government.-
The information went forth to the people of Ore-
gon and to the people.of Kansas at the same time,
and both Territories made constitutions and ap-
plied for admission at the same session. Now, I
appeal to the friends of the Kansas bill, and ask
them why they voted for her admission? Was
there any question of population raised then? Was
it not well known that Kansas had not the requi-
site population for a Representative on this floor,
and which is contended for here now? Why,
then, vote for the admission of Kansas? It was
because Kansas, in accordance with the precedent
established in the admission of Michigan, and of
many other States, in the Union, was invited to
make a constitution and State form of govern-
ment, without reference to population. That !
question was not- raised. If Kansas was voted
for regardless of the question of population, when
she presented herself here, I appeal to every Dem-
ocrat, to every friend of that bill, if they can now
vote against the admission of Oregon upon that
ground ?
But it is contended that the passage of the bill,
known as the English bill, which contains a pro-
hibition of the admission of Kansas until she has
a certain population, is a good precedent. I an-
swer that that should have no enectupon Oregon.
Oregon conies here as Kansas came. Oregon mpde
her constitution when Kansas made hers; and she
comes here upon that constitution and asks ad-
mission; and she is entitled to admission under
the action of this House in passing the enabling
act. I ask any gentleman of this House if it would
not be extreme bad faith to Oregon to invite her
to make a constitution regardless of population;
and, when she comes here with a constitution
framed under that invitation, and asks for admis-
sion, to require that she should, contrary to pre-
cedents heretofore established, have an amount of
population which would entitle her to a Repre-
sentative on this floor ? To apply that rule to her
would be retrospective action, in prejudice to
Oregon, and in bad faith to the Government.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman refers to the
enabling act passed by the House of Represent-
atives in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, as furnish-
ing so,{ne reason why Congress should now admit
Oregon. I desire the gentleman to notice this fact,
that the enabling act to which he refers passed
the House of Representatives, but did not pass
the Senate; and it limited the exercise of the
power to form a constiti*tion in the Territory of
Oregon to citizens of the United States exclu-
sively; and that, with that provision in it, it passed
the House by an almost unanimous vote. And
this constitution is in distinct contravention of
that provision*
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Oregon has a right,
then, to claim admission according to the usages
of tins Government.m referenceto the admission 1
of other States. The State of the gentleman who
sits before me w.as admitted when she li^d far less
than a representative papulation. Michigan and
other States were admitted, when the smallness
of the population was never urged as,an objection.
Mr, HOWARD. I concede that that is a fact
as applied to my State; but I desire to call the gen-
tleman's attention to one fact, in order that he may
shape his argument to answer it. He states that
Oregon and Kansas came here &t the same time,
and both upon the same basis, claiming admis-
sion. lie claims that the treatment should be
alike; yet he hangs Kansas up-until she has a pop-
ulation of ninety-thrqe thousand four hundred and
twenty, and proposes to admit Oregon without
any reference to her population.
, Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I nowgive notice
that I shall not yield any more of my time for in-
terruptions. The gentleman says that a rule is
applied to Kansas different from that applied to
Oregon. I deny that proposition. The rule ap-
plied to Kansas is as to her future action, and the
rule attempted to be applied to Oicgon is as to her
action in the past; it is retrospective. Oregon
comes hiere with her constitution, framed long ago;
and the same rule that we propose to apply to her
we agreed to apply to Kansas, but Kansas re-
jected the constitution with which she came here.
1 would have gone for the admission of Kansas
under that constitution, notwithstanding her pop-
ulation. Bat so long as I am a member upon this
floor, I will never vote to admit any Terntory as
a State after this, that has not a population equal
to that lequired for a Repiesentative from my
State. It is the true doctrine. It is the doctrine
of the Constitution, and the doctrine of represent-
ativegovernment. Oregon has made her constitu-
tion under the former policy of the Government,
and she did so with the primft facie approbation
of Congress. She had the express approbation
of Congress by the passage of a law here, ena-
bling, her to call a convention and frame a consti-
tution of State government.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it has been urged that
Oregon ought not to be admitted, because her con-
stitution is m violation of the Constitution of the
United States, and contrary to the genius of this
Qovernment. It is alleged that she allows others
than citizens of the United States to participate
in the exercise of the elective franchise. My
friend from Tennessee [Mr. M aynard] places his
objection mainly upon that ground. This is a
grave question; one that strikes directly at the
sovereignty of the States. As a State-rights Dem-
ocrat, believing that the stability of -our (govern-
ment and the liberty of our people.depend upon
the maintenance of State sovereignty, I vvould
yield the power here objected to more reluctantly
than any other. None ever pretended, unless the
veriest Federalist who advocated consolidation—
I was about saying despotism—who advocated
consolidation of the Federal Government, ever
contended jhat the United Slates had the right to
control the action of th.e States as to who were and
who were not entitled to the privilege of theelective
franchise. Whenever it is maintained that the
General Government can interfere fpr the control
of that power by the States, sir, I would not give
a straw for the freedom of our institutions. For,
Mr. Speaker, when the liberties of the people .and
the sovereignty of the several States are made
subservient to the centralized power of the Gen-
eral Government, then we would have one of the
greatest despotisms of ancient or modern tjmep.
The doctrine of State rights and State sovereignty
was the doctrine that nerved the hearts of our
ancestors, and kindled the beacon-lires of the Rev-
olution. It is the last thing the patriot will cling
to. I believe that what rights the FederalCrov-
ernment has are derived altogether from the con-
sent of the States. They have surrendered up so
much power as, find no more than, was necessary
for the general protection and the general wel-
fare; and whenever the Federal Government as-
sumes powers notgranted, tlien it undertakes the
exeicise of powers which amount to tyranny.
It is objected that the constitution of Oregon is
unconstitutional, and that she oughtnot to be ad-
mitted as a State; because she permits alien suf-
frage. She has a right te allow it. Every State
has the right to confer the right of suffrage on
whoever it pleases. Every State is entitled to
regulate its own internal policy—to say who shall
and who shall not vote. 1 appeal particularly to
the members from the Soyith. Whenever we sur-
render the right to determine who shall vote in the
States, we do not know how soon we .will be de-
prived of suffrage ourselves. It isagreatright,and
should be clung to by every State-rights Demo-
crat as the last hope of the country. I grant that
I would not allow a foreigner to vote in any State.
I would only allow citizens of the United States.
I would'not allow any colored man to vote. If
gentlemen in Massachusetts, however, allow ne-
groes to vote, that is their own affair. The States,
in their internal policy, have the right to select
their own company. I have no right, we have
no right, to interfere with them. The question of
the right of suffrage was one that was mooted in
the formation of the Constitution of the United
States. As one of the rights of the States, jt was
regarded as one of the very pillarp of the Union.
The gentleman from New York fMr. Granger]
stated, that while the constitution allowed aliens
to vote, it excluded free negroes from tlie State.
Fie stated that was inequality. While the.con-
stitution of his State allows negroes to vote, does
it allow them to vote on an equal footing with
white persons ?
Mr. MORGAN. We allow them to vote.
More than one hundred of them voted for me.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. He does vote in
New York, butnotonan equality with the white
man.
Mr. MORGAN. The negro does vote in New
York. More than a hundred voted for me.
Mr. CJLARK, of Missouri. The constitution
of New York requires a property qualification for
the colored voter, and,not for the white man.
Mr. CLARKE B. COCHRANE. That is-so.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. By the constitu-
tion of New York, a negro must b'e worth $900
before he is equal to the white man.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Two hundred
and fifty dollars.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Well, sir, a white
man in New York can vote without property, and
the negro has to have property. Now, where is
your equality? Why, formerly, in Virginia, under
her old constitution, a man had not only to be
free and white, but to be an owner of land, before
he was permitted -to vote in that old Common-
wealth, which is said to be the " mother of States
and statesmen," and to have given laws to this
great Confederacy. No one has ever contended
that she had not a right to do it. In the State of
