1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sesss.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of enabling the corporations aforesaid to
carry out the provisions of this act, it shall be
competentfor them to borrow, in such proportions
as they may deem expedient,a sum of money not
exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
for the city of Washington, and fifty thousand
dollars for Georgetown, redeemable within a pe-
riod often years, out of any revenue to be derived
from water fents.
Se^'. 5. And be'it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for any person or persons other than
said corporations, or persrtns authorized by them,
to tap or open the mains or pipes laid or to be laid
by the United States for any purpose whatever
under a penalty of not less than fifty nor more
than five hundred dollars for each and every of-
fense. And if any person or'persons shall will-
fully and maliciously break, injure, deface, or
destroy any main or pipe, bend, branch, valve,
hydrant, service pipe or any other fixture used
for the distribution of water throughout the streets
and avenues, or for its introduction into the
houses, tenements, or buildings of said cities,such
person or persons shall be subject to imprison-
ment in the county jail for a period notexceeding
two years for each and every such offense.
Sec. 6. Andbeitfurther enoc(ed,Thatwhenever
it shall become necessary to lay main pipes for
the supply of water to the cities of Georgetown
and Washington, the cost of the same shall be
paid by the said cities, and the engineer aforesaid
is hereby prohibited from making any contracts
for the same, unless approved by the corporations
aforesaid, and expressly stipulated with the con-
tractor or contractors that the payment for the
same is to be made by the said corporations: Pro-
vided, That no greater number of main pipes shall
be laid by the General Government than are suffi-
cient to give to said Government the necessary
supply of water.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be unlawful for any person or persons to do or
commit any act by reason of which the supply of
water, or any part thereof, shall become impure,
filthy, or in any way unfit for use; and that any
person or persons committing any such act or
acts, willfully, knowingly, and maliciously, shall
be subject to a fine of not exceeding one thousand
nor less than five hundred dollars, or not exceed-
ing three nor less than one year's confinement in
the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, for
every such offense.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with this be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec 9. Andbe it further enacted, That the cities
of Washington and Georgetown respectively shall
have power to establish a complete system of
sewerage in aid of the execution of the provis-
ions of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act to provide for extend-
ing theLawsand Judicial System of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other
purposes
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the laws of the United States
which are not iocallv inapplicable, shall have the
same forcc and effect within the said State of
Oreson as elsewhere in the United'States.
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted, That the said
State is hereby constituted a judicial district of
the United States within which a district court
with the like powers and jurisdiction as the dis-
trict eonrt of the United States for the district of
Iowa shall be established; and the judge of the
said district court shall hold two regular terms of
the said court, annually at the seatof government
of the said State, to commence on the second
Monday of April and September in each year.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That the judge,
attorney, and marshal of the United States for the
• said (! Ju'.ct of Oregon, shall reside therein; and
tL'; annual salary of the said judge shall be two
thousand five hundred dollars; and the marshal
and district attorney for said district, shall be en-
titled to the same compensation and fees as the
marshal and attorney for the district of Iowa.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther em'cUU, That in all
cases of appeal or writ of error heretofore pros-
ecuted and now pending in the Supreme Court of
the United States, upon any record from the su-
preme court of Oregon Territory, the mandate of
execution or order of further proceedings shall
be directed by the Supren.e Court of the United
States to the district court of the United States for
the district of Oregon, or to the supreme court of
the State of Oregon, as the nature of such appeal
or writ of error may require; and each of those
courts shall be the successor of the supreme court
of Oregon Territory, as to all such cases, with
full power to hear and determine the same, and
to award mesne or final process therein.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of trying all issues of fact triable by jury
in the district court of the United Stutes for the
district of Iowa, said district shall be divided into
three divisions as follows, namely: The counties
of Clinton, Jones, Linn, Benton, Tama, Mar-
shall, Grundy, Hardin, Webster, and all the
counties north of the same, and east of Calhoun,
Pocahontas, Palo Alto, and Emmett, shall con-
stitute the northern division; and two regular
terms of said court for the same shall be held
annually at Dubuque, to commence on the third
Tuesdays of April and October.
Sec. 6. And be il further enacted, That the coun-
ties of Scott, Cedar, Johnson, Iowa, Powasheik,
Mahaska, Marion, Lucas, Clark, Decatur, and
all the counties south and east of the same, shall
constitute the southern division; and two regular
terms of said'court shall be held annually for said
division at Keokuk, to commence on the third
Tuesdays of March and September.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all the
remaining co#ties of the State shall constitute
the western division; and one regular term of said
court shall be hold on the second Tuesday of No-
vember in each year at Des Moines.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the several acts of Congress regulating
the courts in the several divisions as heretofore
organized, shall, as faras the same are applicable,
apply to the courts of said district under the pres-
ent division.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the judge
of said district court shall have power to make
such rules and orders as may be necessary to carry
into effect the changes provided for in this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXXVf.—An Act for the Relief of
CongressionalTownship number twenty-seven
north, of range number six cast, in Wabash
county, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the auditor of the county of Wa-
bash, aforesaid, for the time being, be authorized
and allowed to make entry in his own official
name of the quantity of five hundred and thirty-
seven and ninety one-hundredths acres, in legal
sub-divisions, of any lands of the United States,
011 any part of the public domain subject to pri-
vate entry, at the minimum price of one dollar arid
twenty-five cents per acre, the same, when so en-
tered being hereby made and declared to bo for the
benefit of the inhabitants of congressional town-
ship number twenty-seven north, of range number
six east, in the county of Wabash, and State of
Indiana, and to stand ill lieu of a deficit of that
quantity in the amount of school lands belonging
to said township, and to be held and controlled in
the same manner.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That when the
said lands shall have been selected and entered as
aforesaid, and duty reported to and approved by
the Secretary of the Interior, he shall cause a
patent or patents to issue therefor.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the payment of expenses of the
several investigating committees of the' House of
Representatives during the present Congress, and
that the same shall be added to the miscellaneous
item of the contingent fund of said House with
whatever now remains of the appropriations "for
the engraving of maps, charts, and other plates
accompanying documents ordered to be printed at
the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,"
contained in " an act to supply deficiencies," ap-
proved May fifteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six: Provided, That the Clerk of the House may-
charge to said miscellaneous item any deficiency
in the items for stationery, folding documents,
and furniture, and repairs of the same, in the
south wing of the Capitol.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Ciiap. LXXXVII.—An Act making; an Appro-
priation for the payment of the expenses of
1m estimating Committees, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slulos of America in Congress
ttsshnbleii, That th® sum of ten thousand dollars
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the payment of Invalid and other
Pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Ametica in Congrest
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty:
For invalid pensions under various acts, four
hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For pensions under acts of the eighteenth
March, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifteenth
May, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and
seventh June, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
forty thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows of those who served
in the revolutionary war, under the third section
of the act of fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, the acts of seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight,, third March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three, seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-four, second February and
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and second section act of third February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two hundred
and fourteen thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphnns, under
first section act fourth Julv, eighteen hundred
and thirty-six, act of twent>-Srst July, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, first section act of third
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, and
under special acts, fifty thousand dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions, two thousand dol-
lars.
For Navy pensions to widows and orphans,
under act of eleventh August, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, one hundred and fifteen thousand
dollars.
For privateer invalids, one thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases of application for the payment of pensions
to invalids under the several laws of Congress
granting pensions to invalids, the affidavit of two
surgeons or physicians, whose credibility as such
shall be certified by tho magistrate before whom
the affidavit is made, stating the continuance of
the disability for which the pension was originally
granted (describing it) and the rate of such disa-
bility at the time of making the affidavit, shall
accompany the application of the first payment,
which shall fall due upon a day in the fiscal year
for which provision is made herein, to be declared
by the Secretary of the Interior, and at the end
of every two years thereafter; and if, in a case of
continued disability, it shall be stated at a rate
below that for which the pension was originally
granted, the applicant shall only be paid at the
rate stated m the affidavit: Provided, That where
the pension shall have been onginallygranted for
a total disability, in consequence of the loss of a
limb, or other cause which cannot, either in whole
or in part, be removed, the above affidavit shall
not he necessary to entitle the applicant to pay-
ment.
Approved March 3( 1859.
