848
APPENDIX TO THE .CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
35?o. 1.—;A Resolution for the Appointment of two
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the vacancies in the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution of the class
other " than members of Congress" be filled by
the appointment of Alexander Dallas Bache, a
member of the National Institute, and resident in
the city of Washington, and George E. Badger,
pf the State of North Carolina.
Approved, January 17, 1859.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution authorizing Townsend
Harris, UnitedlStates Consul General at Japan,
and H.C.J. Hettsken, Wa Interpreter, respect-
ively, to accept a Snuff-box from her Majesty
the Glueen of England.
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Repi-esent-
atires of the United States'of America in Congress
assembled, That Townsend Harris, United States
'Consul General in Japan, and H. C. J. Heusken
be, and they are hereby authorized, to accept,
respectively, from the Glueen ofEngland asnuff-
box bearing her Majesty's cypher, which it is
the intention of the Glueen to offer to each as a
mark of her gratiiude for assistance rendered by
them to Lord Elgin in his negotiation of-a treaty
between Great Britain and Japan.
Approved, January 25, 1859.
No. 4.—A Resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to convey a portion of the
Government Lot on which the United States
Court-House stands in Rutland, Vermont, in
exchange for other land adjoining said lot.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to
convey to John B. Page, Esq., of Rutland, in
the State of Vermont, so much from the east side
of the lot of land on which the United States
court-house and post office stands in said Rut-
land, as in the opinion of the said Secretary will
not be required for the use of the Government, in
exchange for other land, of equal area, on the
north side of and adjoining said Government lot,
without cost to the Government,and to give and
receive deeds to and from the said John C. Page
for the lands so given and received in exchange.
Approved, February 5, 1859.
No.. 6.—A Resolution for the Payment of an un-
expended balance to the State of Georgia, on
account of militia services.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to apply the unexpended bal-
ance of the amount appropriated by the act of
eleventh August,eighteen hundred and forty-two,
entitled " An act to provide for the settlement of
the claims of the State of Georgia for the services
of her miluia," to the repayment to said State of
any amount which she has paid to her said milltia,
mentioned in said act, since the date of the pas-
sage of the same.
Approved, February 9, 1859.
No. 7.—A Resolution for changing the plan of
the Custom-House at Galveston in the State
of Texas.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to make such
alterations of the dimensions and plan of the cus-
tom-house building constructing at Galveston,
Texas, as he may deem best, and as petitioned for
by the people of Galveston: Provided, The cost, j
when completed, does not exceed the amount al-
ready appropriated: And provided further, That
the consent in writing of the contractors and their
sureties for the construction of said custom-house
to such alterations shall be first had and delivered
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Approved, February 9,1S5S).
No. 8.—Joint Resolution giving the consent of
Congress to the acceptance by Captain M. F.
Maury and Professor A. D. Bache of Gold
Medals from the Sardinian Government.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That Captain M. F. Maury and Pro-
fessor A. D. Bache be, and [they] are hereby,
authorized to accept, respectively, a gold medai
tendered to each of them by theSardinian Govern-
ment, as a mark of its appreciation of their scien-
tific labors and achievements.
Approved, February 14, 1859.
No. 9.—Joint Resolution in relation to the To-
bacco Trade, of the United States with Foreign
Nations.
Resolved by Hie Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the trade in tobacco with Great
Britain, France, Spain, Portugal, Austria, Brazil,
and other foreign nations, is clogged with restric-
tions, and limitations wholly inconsistent with
that fair and reciprocal condition of commerce
which ought to exist between the United States
and those nations respectively, and is therefore
unsatisfactory to theStates of Virginia,Kentucky,
Maryland,North Carolina,Missouri,Tennessee,
Ohio, and Connecticut, and other tobacco-growing
States, in which that article is an important, if
not the chief, staple of agricultural production.
2d. Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal
Government to use its utmostpower, by negotia-
tions or other constitutional means, to obtain a
modification or reduction on the part of said for-
eign nations of the duties and restitutions imposed
by them on the importation of Airarican tobacco,
and to this end to employ all the diplomatic and
commercial powers which the Constitution has
confided to it in producing a more just and equal
reciprocity in a trade so deeply Involving the
value of that portion of the agricultural labor of
the country, in which at least one fourth of the
Confederacy is concerned.
3d. Resolved, That the treaties of the United
States with China and Japan present a fair and
fitting occasion for the enlargement and extension
of the tobacco trade of the United States, and it
is the duty of the Government of the United States
to use all their exertions, within the limits of con-
stitutional power, to foster and encourage the in-
troduction of American tobacco as an article of
use among the people of those nations.
4th. Resolved, That diplomatic negotiations
with England, France, .Spain, and Austria, as
well as with China and japan, ought to be com-
menced as soon as practicable by the Government
of the United States, with the view of obtaining
a modification of the existing systems of revenue
and taxation of those nations in respect to Amer-
ican tobacco, and for this purpose instructions
ought to be given to our foreign ministers, con-
suls, and commercial agents in those nations by
the Executive of the United States to use all then-
constitutional and legitimate functions in produ-
cing so desirable a result.
Approved, February 14, 1859.
No. 10.—Joint Resolution to authorize the Sec-
retai y of the Tieasury to sell a certain Plat of
Land hi the City of Petersburg, Virginia, be-
longing to the United States.
Resolved btj the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized in his discretion, if
deemed by him consistent with the public inter-
est, to sell, and by deed convey to the purchaser,
a piece or parcel of land lying at the southeast
corner of the custom-house lot in Petersburg,
Virginia, to be so laid off and defined as to make
the eastern boundary of said lot a straight line
from its beginning, on Tabb street, through to
the lot belonging to Powell's Hotel Company; and
thai the proceeds of such sale be applied, if ne-
cessary, to the completion and furnishing of said
custom-house building, or grading and inclosing
said lot: Provided, That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall fix the minimum below which the
said lots shall not be sold.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
No. 12.—A Resolution conferring the Rank of
Senior Flag-Officer on the active-service list of
the United States Navy on Captain Charles
Stewart.
Resohed by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, Thatxhe President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
be, and he is hereby,authorized and empowered
to confer on Captain Charles Stewart, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, in recognition of his distin-
guished and raeritoriousservice, the commission
of senior flag-officer of the United States Navy
en the active-service list.
Approved, March 2, 1859.
No. 13.—A Resolution in relation to the second
section of the act of Congress entitled "An
Act to provide for the Location of certain con-
firmed Private Land Claims in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the second section uf the act of
Congress, entitled " an act to provide for the lo-
cation of certain confirmed private land claims in
the State of Missouri, and for other purposes,"
approved June second, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, is hereby so suspended in its operations and
effect until the end of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
as that no patent or patents shall be issued, nor
shall any action be had by the Executive branch
or department of the Government, or any officer
or agent thereof, under or by virtue of said suc-
tion.
Approved, March 3,1859.
No. 14. A Joint Resolution amendatory of an act
entitled "An Act to regulate the Compensation
of Members of Congress," approved August
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, so
far as relates to such Members as shall die dur-
ing their terms of service.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever, hereafter, any person
elected a member of the Senate or House of Rep-
resentatives shall die after the commencement of
the Congress to which he shall have been so
elected,compensation shall be computed and paid
to his widow; or if no widow survive him, to his
heirs-at-iaw, fortlie period that shall have elapsed
from the commencement of such Congress as
aforesaid, to the time of his death, at the rate of
three thousand dollars per annum: Provided, how
ei>er, That compensation shall be computed and
paid in all cases for a period of not less than three
months: And provided further, That in no case
shall constructive mileage be computed or paid.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, That the com-
pensation of each person elected or appointed af-
terwards to supply the vacancy so occasioned,
shall hereafter be computed and paid from the
time the compensation of his predecessor is hereby
directed to be computed and paid for, and not
otherwise.
Sec. 3, Be it further resolved, That the provis-
ions of this joint resolution, so far as the same
are beneficial to the widow orheirs-at-law of mem-
bers of Congress as aforesaid, shall be expended
and applied to the widows and heirs-at-law of
members elected to the present Congress, who
have died since its commencement.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Chap. II.—An Act recognizing the Assignment
on Land Warrant Number Thirty-five Thou-
sand Nine Hundred and Fifty-six, (35956,)
issued to John Davis, as valid.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the assignment upon land warrant
timber thirty-five thousand nine hundred and
fifty-six, (35956,) issued to John Davis, under
the act of September twenty-eight, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, for forty acres, be, and is hereby,
recognized as valid.
Approved, December 21,18S8.
