1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Laws of the United States.
35th Co&g....2d Sess.
Chaf. III.—An Act for the Relief of John Camp-
bell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the XJnited Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the pension of four dollars per
month given to John Campbell by special act of
Congress, be increased to eight dollars per month,
the increase commencing on the third day of De-
cember, anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, and that the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized and required so to place the
name of John Campbell upon the invalid pension
roll.
Approved, December 21, 1858.
Chap. IV.—An Act for the Relief of Roswell
Minard, father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased.
Be it emcted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall issue to Roswell Minard, the
father of Theodore Minard, deceased, a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, in lieu
of bounty land warrant number thirty-four thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-four, heretofore is-
sued to Theodore Minard, deceased, which war-
rant, when so issued, shall be in all respects of
the same effectasthe said warrant number thirty-
fourthousand seven hundred and fifty-four would
have been had it been issued to said Roswell Mi-
nard: Provided, however, That the said Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall be satisfied
that said Roswell Minard is the father of die said
Theodore Minard, deceased: That the said Theo-
dore Minard died without leaving a wife or law-
ful children; and that the said Theodore Minard
never assigned or transferred the said bounty
land warrant number thirty-four thousand seven
hundred and fifty-four.
Approved, December 21, 1858.
Chap. VII.—An Act for the Relief of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Long.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to ascertain, as in the case of John P.
B. and Henry Gratiot, what amount, if any, of
rent was exacted by the United States agents of
lead mines from Joseph Hardy, for lead mined
and smelted upon the lands of the Ottawa, Potta-
watomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes
of Indians, prior to the purchase thereof by the
United States, and pay such amount as may be
legally proved to have been actually paid by said
Joseph Hardytosuch agents of the United States,
to Joseph Hardy and Alton Long, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Approved, January 12, 1859.
Chap. IX.—An Act for the Relief of Elias Hall,
of Rutland, Vermont.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War cause to be
paid, out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, to Elias Hall, of Rutland,
Vermont, the sum of five hundred and sixteen
dollars and fifty-two cents, in full for the balance
due him for hie services as superintendent of re-
pairs of small arms, and for subsistence, ex-
penses, and losses while engaged in the service of
the United States during the last war with Great
Britain.
Approved, January 17, 1859.
Chap. XI.—An Act authorizing the issue of
Registers to the Steamships America and Can-
ada, and to change the names of said Steam-
ships.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and direeted to issue
registers for the steamships America and Cana-
da, now lying in the port of New York, and that
the names of said ships be changed to the Mis-
sissippi and Coatzacoalcos; and said ships shall
hereafter be considered and deemed to be ships
or vessels of the United States, and entitled to alt
the rightsand privileges accorded by law to ships
or vessels built in the United States: Provided,
That this act shall not go into effect until due
proof shall be made to the satisfaction of said Sec-
retary, that said vessels are wholly owned by cit-
izens of the United States, or by an incorporated
company entitled to receive registers for ships of
vessels under the provisions of existing laws.
Approved, January 19, 1869.
Chap. XII.—An Act for the Relief of Martin
Layman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Martin Layman be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter the southwest quar-
ter of section thirty-six, township twenty-nine
north, range twenty-four west, in the Minneapo-
lis land district, in the State of Minnesota, upon
payment, by said Martin Layman, of the usual
minimum of one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre; and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is directed to issue a patent on said entry.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the su-
Serintendent of public schools in the State of
linnesotais authorized to select an equal amount
of other lands in said State for the use of public
schools in lieu of the lands herein granted.
Approved, January 19, 1859.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of James
G. Holmes.
Be it enacted oy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That James G. Holmes,who obtained
a patent for an improvement in " chairs for in-
valids," dated the twenty-fourth of September,
eighteen hundred and forty-four, for fourteen
years, which has now expired, be authorized to
apply to the Commissioner of Patents for an ex-
tension of said patent for seven years, under the
mles and regulations now in force for the ex-
tension of patents, as if he had made application
previous to its expiration, as required by law;
and the Commissioner is directed to investigate
and decide the application for extension on the
same evidence and in the same manner as other
applications for extensions are decided: Provided,
That the application for the extension be made
within thirty days after the approval of this act,
and the decision of the Commissioner be rendered
within ninety days from the filing of said appli-
cation in the Patent Office: And provided, also,
Tbat'nothing herein shall be so construed as to
hold responsible in damages any persons who
may have manufactured chairs containing the
aforesaid improvement between the expiration of
the patent and the approval of this act.
Approved, January 25, 1859.
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of John
Duncan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in, Congrebs
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
upon the list of Navy pensioners, at the rate of
sixteen dollars (£1G) per month, the name of
John Duncan, who was a landsman in the United
States Navy on board the United States ship-of-
war Brandywine, and who has become totally
blind in consequence of disease contracted and
injuries received by him while in the line of his
duty in the service of the United States; the said
pension to commence on the first day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and continue
during his natural life: Provided, That this pen-
sion shall not be paid if the said John Duncan
remains a beneficiary in the United States naval
asylum.
Approved, January 25, 1859.
Chap. XVI.—An Act for the Relief of Mistress
Henry R. Schoolcraft.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, required to cause a copyright
to issue securing to Mistress Henry R. School-
craft, to her heirs, assigns, and legal representa-
tives, the exclusive right to republish the book
entitled "History, Statistics, Condition, and
Prospects of the Indian Tribes of the Unitefd
States," heretofore published under order of Con-
gress, and to make and publish any abridgment
or compilation thereof for the term of fourteen
years from the passage of this act; and he is fur-
ther required to transfer and deliver to said Mis-
tress Schoolcraft all the plates, the property of
the United States, used in the printing and illus-
tration of said book: Provided, That the same be
accepted in full satisfaction of all manner of claim
for compensation for work, time, or money ex-
pended in the collection of materials for said book
by Henry R. Schoolcraft.
Approved, January 25, 1859.
Chap. XX An Act authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to grant a Register for the
Schooner " William A. Hamill."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That there be granted, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register for
the schooner "William A. Hamill," lying in the
port of Baltimore, and now owned by Robert Dor-
ritie, a citizen of the United States: Provided, It be
proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the'
Treasury that she was built at May's Landing,
in the State of Now Jersey; that she was enrolled
as an American vessel, and that she was owned
in whole by citizens of the United States at the
time she was stranded on a reef near Abaco, one
of the Bahama Islands, and that she is now owned
by Robert Dorritie, who is now a citizen of the
United States.
Approved, February 2, 1859.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas
Laurent, surviving partner of the firm of Ben-
jamin and Thomas Laurent.
Be i( enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-,
priated, to Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of
the firm of Benjamin and Thomas Laurent, or to
his legal representatives, the sum of fifteen thou-
sand dollars, with interest at the rate of six per
cent, yearly, from the eleventh day of November,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, being the
amount paid by the same firm, on that day, to
Major General Winfield Scott, m the city of
Mexico, for the purchase of a house in said city,
out of the possession of which they were since
ousted by the Mexican authorities: Provided,
The amount so appropriated shall be in full of
their claim therefor against the United States.
Approved, February 5, 1859.
Chap. XXV.—An Act to provide for the Settle-
ment of the Accounts of the late Lieutenant
Colonel Lewis S. Craig, for his services in
command of the military escort on the Mexican
Boundary Commission.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby,authorized and directed, in the
settlement of the accounts of the late Lieutenant
Colonel Lewis S. Craig, to grant to Ins legal rep-
resentative the same allowances per diem for hia
personal expenses which were made to other
officers of the Army of his grade in said commis-
sion; the same to be paid out of the surplus fund
now in the Treasury heretofore appropriated to
cover the expenses of said boundary survey.
Approved, February 5,1850.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act for the Relief of C.
Edward Habicht, administrator of J. W. P.
Lewis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
