THE CDMa^'Eg^IOWL GLOBE.
February 11,
the gentleman )i1fnself justifies my course upon
the very point upon which he interrogated me.
Mp. CLA.Y. I would have voted for the ad-
mission pf ^ansas last winter, either with the
English proviso or without it.
#Mr. ZO^iLICOFPEIl. Mr. Specter, there are
sqsi# other points*that I propose to touch upon;
a^d these questions,.drawing <$*into de,tails>
§re consuming so much of my time that I fear I
shall not have it in my power to make the argu-.
me#t that 1 had proposed to make.
It has been arg^ea here this application
for the admission of Oregon is justified by t.he
action, of Congress: justified by the aqUon of this
House in pas^ng,io the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
an.enabling bill^nd by the act of the Senate in
passing a bill at tie last session to admit Oregon
* unde£ the constitution it has framed. £Tow, sir,
it has occurred to me that when one House of
Congress passes an enabling bill^^nd it is lost in
the other, it should rather furnish an argument
to the people interested in that question that the
proposition is not satisfactory to Congress; and
if anything is to Ije inferred from thip action by
th&people of Oregon, it should be that threy ought
tp hays waited until both Houses of Congress
agreed upo.n^n enabling aot. So far as the action
of the Senate is qoricerped, they c?ui scarcely&vail
them^elves^f that,.inasmuch as it too^: place after
,th# constitution of Oregon w^s forced.
But,)Mr. Speaker, if there is anything in'the
, argument jt.h^t the passage of an enabling act
through this House at the last Congress should
have encouraged the people of Oregon to form a
constitution an$ ask for admission as a State into
the Union, they certainly ought to have looked
to, and respected, the spirit and letter of that act.
It is strange-that, if they acted under the author-
ity of that bill, which was lost in the Senate, they
did not remember the fact that, in that very bill
of the House, it was provided that the citizens of
Oregon, and the citizens u^one, should have the
right to form a constitution and State government,
and ask for admission into the Union as a State.
That bill,, which they rely opon, excluded the
ideft. that unnaturalized foreigners should be em-
braced in the hqdy politic, or should take part in
the formation or a State constitution. That bill
was passed on the 31st of January, 1857, eight
months before Oregon adopted a State constitu-
tion; and its first section provides (hat" the inhab-
itants of that portion of the Territory of Oiegon,
being citizens of the United Statefo*' arc " author-
ized to form for themselves a constitution and
State government." This provision was adopted
b,ya Yote of 83 to 35. The third section provides
thatu only citizens of the UmtedStates shall be en-
titled to vote at the election provided for by this
law;" and this was adopted by a vote of 77 to 49.
Now, if this action of the House is to be regarded
as authority, independent of the question of popu-
lation, why did the people of Oregon disregard the
very letter and spirit of that act?
Mr. CAV^NAUGH. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee what evidence theie
is before the Mouse that any other than citizens
of the United States voted for the adoption of this
constitution, or for delegates to the convention
that formed it?
MivZQLLTCOFFER. I understand that, under
the organic law of Ocegon, unnaturalized foreign-
ers were permitted to vote upon the question as
to whether a State constitution should be adopted;
and I presume they also voted for delegates to
form a constitution.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman ia stat-
ing a fact, and that fact based upon a presump-
tion.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I cannot discuss every
matter of detail. If the act of the Senate, which
took place after the constitution of Oregon was
formed, is to be relied upon, I ask why the act
known as the English bill, which passed both
Houses of Congress, and laid down the principle
that no State should be admitted into the Union
unless they had a population equal to the ratio of
population, was disregarded by the people of
Oregon? Here we have an act passed by both
Houses of Congress, expressing emphatically
the sense of the national Legislature, that when
a State applies for admission into the Union, it
must crunu with a population at le.ust equal to
that of a district-, and we have tne
action of the i.Iouse excluding foreigners from
voting; and yet, Oregon comes here with an in-
sufficient peculation, and a constitution including
^unnaturalized foreigners ^vithin the body politic,
and yet claiming to have done this under-the en-
couragement of Congress.
Upon the particular .question whether unnatu-
ralized foreigners m^y be Admitted by a State to
vote in elections which affect the Federal Gov-
ernment, I do not here propose to make an argu-
ment;forthe reasonth^t Ihave, though concisely
and briefly, presented that argument in the report
which 1 will append to these remarks, and I have
no desire to enlarge upon it. I yvill barely state,
in this connection, that my conviction is strong
that the fundamental idea of this Government of
9urs—the idea upop whichl itretsts, is t^iat the citi-
zens of the United States—whether naturalized or
native born—those who owe it allegiance, and
are identified* with it£ destinies, really constitute
the body politic, and are entitled to control its
destinies. On the other hand, I believe th it those
who have never been made citizens; who owe it
no allegiance; who, if they we^e to make war
upqn it, could not be punished for treason', ought
not to be admitted into the body politic, and
ought not to have .the power,to control i^s des-
tinies. And it is my Qpipion that, whenever they
'shall be admitted to an extent ^p.^cieot to give
them the po^cr, it will be'fojind that "you have
admitted the Trojan horse; that you hav.e com-
mitted the destinies of tlie'greatest Government
upon the face of the earth into the hands of those
who are not safely to be iptrusted with its pres-
ervation. And I belie.ve, sir, if this Congress
disregards the rule that has governed other Con-
gresses in regard to population, the precedent
will be fraught with great danger in the future.
Whenever it comes to be suspected, for good rea-
son, that any dominant party—any party for the
time having the control of the Government—shall
bring into tho Union a State for the sake of the
apolitical power it may confer; shall bring into
the Union alittle community havingapopulation
unequal to that even of a congressional district,
with a view of securing its power in the Senate,
its po^er in the House, or its power in a presi-
dential election, to enable such party to hold t,he
Government; I say, whenever it comes to be
suspected that a party, happening to be in power
.at the time, shall do this, the time wiU come
when, in the revolutions of parties, some other
party will come into power, and will certainly re-
taliate, and possibly carry the abuse a great deal
further.
Well, sir, what §ort of a field have we now be-
fore us for such an operation ? We have a half
dozenTerritories, with ail inadequate population,
peeking early admission, and half a dozen appli-
cations for the formation of other territories,
which will soon want to be admitted as States.
1 say to the party now in power—without intend-
ing to do or say anything with a view to put up
or down any party—beware how you depart from
the patriotic rule of our fathers; beware how you
give the great common honesty of the country to
suppose that ^ou do this thing with a view to
maintain your party power; beware how* you
bring in a State with less than the population of
a congressional district, to paralyze, in a presi-
dential contest, the most populous State in the
Union. What will be the condition of our coun-
try if this precedent shall be furnished to parties
which may hereafter get control of the Govern-
ment? What would be the condition of our Gov-
ernment if a dozen such petty States should be
brought into the Union to vote dow^ the Scites
in which seside the great body of the American
people ? What would be the state of our Govern-
ment if States which really possess the popula-
tion shall be overruled in a presidential election
by a combination of small States, such as Oregon
would be if admitted into the Union ? Let us not
take a departure from the safe and settled usage
now established. Let us adhere to the rule which
has been uniform from the organization of the
Government until the present urne.'
One woid' in regard to alien suffrage, and 1
will yield the floor. It is this: that there never
has existed an elective Government anywhere in
the annals of the world, except our own, in which
any other than citizens or subjects, owing alle-
! I giance to the Government, were permitted to vote.
|| The tight of sufftago, from the days of Aristotle
il down to our day, has been regarded appertaining
to citizeixship. Look tp the Grecian Republic, to
the Roman Republic, to Great Britain, to France,
to every elective Government in the apnals of
time, and you will find that unnaturalized for-
eigners have notbeen permitted to take upon them-
selves this greatest of all the rights of citizenship
in a free Government—the right to control the
destinies of the political country. And I ask gen-
tlemen, in the name of the best interests of ^ur
common cc^giry, hot, for temporary purpose's of
party advance, to ignore a great principle like
this.
[APPENPIX.
Minority Report.
The undersigned has not been able to concur with the
majority of the committee ia favor of the bill for the admis-
sion of Oregon into the Union.
The population of the proposed State, irfhi,s opinion, is
not yet sufficiently large to entitle it to admission. Since
the organization of the Federal Government nineteen States
have been admitted into the Union, and no instance has
e.ver occurred in which a State has been admitted with a
population less than the ratio of representation m Congress
at the time, with the single exception of Florida, in which
instance the population, at the time of application for ad-
mission, was more than equal to the existing representative
ratio; but a delay of s.ix years interyenii^g, tjjie ravages of
Indian warfare, and a change in the ratio, caused the pop-
ulation, at the time of actual admission, to fall something
below the amdunt required by this well established rule.
- The rule is founded in wisdom, justice, and the safety of
, the Republic, arid should never be departed from unless un-
der the pressure of an overshadowing necessity. In the
case of Oregon there is no such'necessity, and a'elear want
of showing of population equal to the present ratio of rep-
resentation. This is conclusive with the undersigned. By
the last census, taken in4855-56, the population, was but
43,472. Tlie aggregate popular vote at that tunc, on the
convention question, was 9,261, and for Delegate in Con-
gress, 10,121. The popular vote in 1857 had notincreasotf,
being, on the convention question, 9,296, and for Delegate,
9,133. This would seem to mdicatc a slowly increasing
population. Yet, In the face of such facts, the Represent-
ative, and one of the Senators elect, express the opinion
that the population is 1,4 between 80,000 and 100,000" and
the other Senator elect thinks it " very nearly equal to the
ratio." Still the main fact is wanting, that it is, in fact,
quite equal to the ratio; and the offical evidence is indica-
tive of a decided deficiency.
If admitted under these circumstances, the precedent
would be a dangerous one. Other communities, with a pop-
ulation less than that of a congressional district, would also
knock at the doors of Congress for admission, and wciuldbe
admitted. Such petty communities, erectcd into States,
would at once assume a footing of exact equality with the
most populous States of the Union. With populations less
than that of one thirty-thud part of that of the StateofNew
York, they would each wield in the Senarik of tho United
States a power'equal to that of New York ? and, in a con-
tingency under the Constitution, an equal ptfwer in the
elections of President and Vice President of the United
States. In all the independent powers of the Senate, the
treaty-makmg power, the trial ot impeachments, the con-
firmation of embassadors, judgesof the Supreme Court, and
other important public officers, these small communities
would have a perfect equality of suffrage with the most pop-
ulous States of the Union. In'thoso other vas-t powers, of
the Senate, too', which it exercises as a corelative branch
of Congress, such as upon questions of war, levying and col-
lecting taxes, regulating commerce with foreign nations and
between the Slates, raising and supporting ainues, &c.,&c.,
they would hold an equafcheck upon the large and popul-
ous States representing the masses of the people. Their
introduction, as a balance of power, might, therefore, nut
only be made to control presidential elections* but the very
destinies of the American Union.
Would this be just to the larger State*, or to the bulk of
the American people? Would it be safe to the Government,
to the integrity and duration of the Union itself? How long
would it be before party politicians, holding temporary as-
cendency m the Government, would be tempted to bring
in new States,regaidlesbof population, mere!y*fts a balance
of power to enable them to control the Government? How
long before this would bring retaliation, in a more reckless
spjxit. and where and when would suoh warfare teumnate,
once begun? The undersigned submits whether tho high-
est considerations of patiiotism do not demand of us to
pause before taking a step fiaught with dangers of such
magnitude to the Government. Now is the nroe to arrest
tins" tendency. No ternpoiary considerations of expediency
I j should tempt us to depart from the safe, just, lational usage
' of thos.0 who have gone betore us. As to Oregon, if her
population is rapidly increasing, she will soon bo pie>aared
for admission.- Until then she can well afford to wait.
It has been said that jve are under obligation to admit
! Oregon, even with a population of sixty thousand; because,
I as is alleged in the act organizing the Territory, the ordi-
nance of 1787 was extended to Oregon, which ordinanqe
provided, with reference to States to be carved out-of the
then " territory northwest of the river Ohio," that, when-
ever they attained a population of sixty thousand free in-
habitants, they should be entitled to admission. This ar-
gument is clearly founded in error. No such obligation
rests upon Congress, as the undersigned will now proeeed
to show.
The fourteenth section of the act organizing the Territory
of Oregon provides "that the inhabitants of said Tenitory
shall be entitled to enjoy all and singular the rights, privi-
leges. and advantages granted and secured to the people of
the tenitory northwest of the river Ohio, by the articles of
cumpact cunt'uned in the ordnsn'-ic e for the government of
said fctnfory on th<? 13th dnv of July. 1787."
This is ihc piovmon relied upon. But, by turning to the
ordinance o£17S7> it will be touah Uiat the w articles of com-
