350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in the,Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to C.
Edward Habicht, administrator of J. W.P.Lewis,
the sum of twenty-two hundred and thirty-eight
dollars and'forty-seven cents, being the balance
of his accounts as United States agent for the
construction of a light-house on Sand Key, in the
State of Florida, as stated by the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury.
Approved, February 9, 1859.
Chap. XXX.—An Act for the Relief of Henry
Hubbard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be allowed and paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Henry Hubbard, the sum of six hun-
dred and seventy-two dollars and seventy-five
cents, for his services as United States agent
charged with the safe-keeping of the public prop-
erty at the harbor of Ashtabula, in the State of
Ohio, as certified by the bureau of topographical
engineers, with interest at the rate of six per
centum per annum, from the eleventh of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, from which time
payment is shown to have been delayed for want
of appropriation.
Approved, February 9, 1859.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Ambroise Brou, of the parish of St. Charles,
State of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That Mrs. Ambroise Brou, of the par-
ish of St. Charles, in the State of Louisiana, be,
atid she is hereby, confirmed in her title to lot or
section six, township twelve south, range twenty
east, and lot or section ten in township thirteen
south, range twenty east, in said State; said lands
being the unconfirmed half of a tract of iline ar-
nents twenty-six toises front, by eighteen arpents
in depth, the other half of which was confirmed
to Ambroise Brou by the act of Congress of Feb-
ruary twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-three, and is fully described in the report of
the register of the land office for the eastern dis-
trict of Louisiana, dated the sixth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-one: Provided, That
this act shall not affect the right, title, or claim of
any third person, but shall be construed simply
as a quit-claim by the United States of any title
in and to said tract of land.
Approved, February 9, 1859.
Chap. XXX11.—An Act for the. Relief of the
Heirs and legal Representatives of Olivier Lan-
d ry, of the State of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Conpess
assembled, That the heirs and legal representatives
and assigns of Olivier Landry be, and they are
hereby, confirmed in their title to a certain tract
of land situated in township ten south, range five
east, in the south western district of Louisiana,
containing two hundred and thirty acres and
eighty -four hundredths of an acre, being the tract
on the township map of said township marked
forty-nine, bounded on one side by a tract belong-
ing to the heirs of Rene Trahan, and on the other
by land formerly confirmed to said Olivier Lan-
dry: Provided, That this act shall only be con-
strued as a relinquishment of any title that the
United States may have to said lands, and shall
not affect any title that any third person may
have in and to said lands.
Approved, February 9, 1859.
practicability of adapting such car to the rescuing
of passengers and crews during violent galeg at
sea.
Approved, February 14, 1859.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain Douglas Ottinger.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Captain Douglas
Ottinger, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of ten thousand
dollars, in full compensation for the use of his
invention of the life or surf-car by the United
States, and also to enable him further to test the
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
Boyle.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the name of Mary Boyle be placed
on the pension roll, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, from the*first day of January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-eight.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act for the Relief [of] A.
Baudouin and A. D. Robert.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of two thousand dollars to A.
Baudouin and A.D. Robert, in full compensation
for the damages sustained by them arising from
the sinking of a flat-boat of ice, at New Orleans,
by a steamboat in the service of the United States.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Di-
nah Minis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of tJ^Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Dinah Minis,
or her legal representatives, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sums due on loan office certificates—number
ninety-three, for thirty-seven dollars and twenty-
seven and two thirds cents; number ninety-four,
for seventy-four dollars and fifty-five and one
third cents; and number one hundred and four,
for eighty-one dollars and sixty-six cents; all
dated August nineteen, seventeen hundred and
ninety-one, and signed by Richard Wylly, com-
missioner of loans—on the surrender of the said
original certificates at the Treasury Department.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act for the Reliefof Wright
Fore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby , authorized and directed to place
the name of Wright Fore on the invalid pension
roll,at the rate of six dollars per month, to com-
mence on the ninth day of November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, and to continue during his
natural life.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Relief of Evelina
Porter, Widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, of the United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Evelina Porter,
widow of the late Commodore Porter, deceased,
of the United States Navy, upon the list of pen-
sioners, to be paid at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, from the ninth day of February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Yearwood, sr., father of William Yearwood, jr.,
first lieutenant in Captain Lowry's company,
second regiment Tennessee volunteers in the
Mexican war, who was wounded at the battle of
Cerro Gordo, and died of his wounds on the
twenty-fourth day of April, eighteen hundred
and forty-seven, leaving neither wife nor child.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XLII.—An Act for the Relief of Monro'e
D. Downs.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That Monroe D. Downs be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter at the land office in
Omaha city, in the Territory of Nebraska, by
preemption, the east half of the southwest quar-
ter, and the east half of the northwest quarter of
section numbered thirty-six, of town fifteen
north, of range twelve east, in said Territory, at
the minimum price of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre: Provided, The said Downs shall,
within three months after the passage of this act,
establish his right of preemption to sRid lands
under existing laws, in every respect except the
filing of a declaration or notice of his preemption
claim.
Sec. 2. And be it further entctei, That the
superintendent of public instruction of Douglas
county, Nebraska Territory, is hereby authorized
to select any unclaimed and unoccupied quarter
section of land in said county in lieu of the lands
mentioned in section one of this act; and it shall
be his duty so to do as soon after the passage of
this act as shall be practicable, and to file notice
of such selection with the register of said land-
office; and after such selection and notice, said
lands so selected shall be reserved from sale or
preemption, and shall be held for the benefit of
schools, in lieu of the lands hereby authorized to
be preempted by said Downs.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of Williany
Yearwood, sr.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior issue
a land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres
of land to be located pursuant to the provisions
of an act of Congress approved February elev-
enth, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers in the
military setvice of the United States, to William
Chap. XLIII.—An Act for the Relief of Robert
A. Davidge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to Robert A. Davidge the sum of one hun-
dred and eighteen dollars and ninety cents, outof
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, in full for his services as a temporary
clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury from March twenty-sixth to April thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act for the Relief of Myra
Clark Gaines.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the. United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Myra Clark Gaines,
widow of the late Major General Edmund P.
Gaines, on the pension roll, at the rate of half the
pay per month to which the said Gaines was en-
titled at his death, to commence from the sixth
day of June, eighteen hundred and forty-nine,
and to continue during her natural life.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XLV.—An Act for the Relief of Rebecca
M. Bowden, of Prince George county, Vir-
ginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Rebecca M. Bowden, of Prince
George county, in the State of Virginia, be, and
she hereby is, authorized to locate in her own
name, as sole devisee of Littleberry Bonner, late
of said county, deceased, on any of the lands of
the United States, subject to private entry, at the
minimum price of one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, a certain land warrant, number seven-
teen thousand six hundred and forty-seven, issued
to the said Bonner for his services as a private in
Captain Temple's company, in the fourth regi-
ment of Virginia militia, in the war of eighteen
