1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
hundred and twelve, orto sell and assign the same
aa such devisee in the same manner as the said
Littlebcrry Bonner could do were he now living.
Approved, February 18, 1859.
Chap. XLYI.—An Act for the Relief of Francis
Carver.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
smtatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Francis Carver on the invalid pen-
sion roll at the rate of eight dollars per month,
and to pay him at that rate from the eighteenth
day of December, anno Dommi eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, and continue during his nat-
ural life.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act to confirm to the Heirs
or Assigns of Bernardo Sequi, title to lands in
East Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the grant to Bernardo Sequi, of
seven thousand acres of land lying on the east
side of the St. John's river, in East Florida, be-
tween the place called Dunn's Lake and that
known as Horse Landing, including the place
called Buffalo Bluff, made by Estrada, the then
Governor of the province of East Florida, on the
twentieth day of December, eighteen hundred and
fifteen, be confirmed to the said grantee and those
claiming under him; and that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office be directed to cause
the lands described in said grant to be surveyed
to the claimant, without prejudice to any third
person.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. XLVIII—An Act for the Relief of Sam-
uel A. Fairchilds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to audit and settle
the accounts of Samuel A. Fairchilds, for ex-
penses and services in arresting and bringing to
trial certain persons charged with robbing the
mails of the United States, and to pay to the said
Samuel A. Fairchilds, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, whatever
sum the said Fairchilds may show, by proper
evidence, he expended in arresting and securing
the said parties and delivering them to the author-
ities of the United States; also to pay him a fair
compensation for his services in the premises:
Provided, That the whole amount paid him under
this bill shall not exceed the sum of eight hun-
dred and two dollars and fifty cents.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. XLIX.—-An Act for the Relief of Frederick
Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Frederick Smith on the invalid pen-
sion roll, at the rate of four dollars per month,
and to pay him at that rate from the first day of
February, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, during his natural life.
" Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. L.—An Act for the Relief of the Represent-
ative of Henry King, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to the legal rep-
resentative of Henry King the sum of one thou-
sand eight hundred and seventeen dollars and
thirty-six cents, it being for the services of said
Henry King in the third Maryland regiment, and
in the commissary department, during the revo-
lutionary wat.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. LI.—An Act for the Relief of Leonard
Loomis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States cf America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of (he Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to raise
the pension of Leonard Loomis from six to eight
dollars per month, and to pay him such increased
pension from the ninth day of August, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-seven.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
 «
Chap.LII.—AnActfor theRelief of DavidWat-
son.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he, is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of David Watson, of Georgia, upon the
list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of four dol-
lars per month, to commence on the fifteenth day
of February, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and
continue during his natural life.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. LIII.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to John Lee, of the State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the name of John Lee be placed
upon the pension list of the United States, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the twenty-
second of December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to pay the said John Lee
the said sum of eight dollars per month, to be
estimated and computed from and after December
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
and to continue during life.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. LIV.—An Act to authorize the Claimants
in right of John Huertas to enter certain Lands
in Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the claimants in right of John
Huertas to a tract of six thousand acres in Flor-
ida,confirmed by the Supreme Courtof the United
States at the January term in eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to enter, at any land office in the State of
Florida, the quantity of three thousand three hun-
dred and thirty-two acres and thirty-hundrcdths
of an acre of any of the public lands in that State
subject to private entry, the same being in addi-
tion to the area of two thousand six hundred and
"sixty-seven acres and seventy-hundredths of an
acre surveyed for said claim, and designated as
section forty-eight, in township nine south, of
range twenty-seven east, in the St. Augustine
land district, Florida, and being the difference
between the quantity embraced by said survey
and the six thousand acres confirmed for said
claim as aforesaid; and the register and receiver
of any of the aforesaid land offices shall receive
the proper applications and proofs, and shall issue
the necessary certificate; upon the return of which
to the General Land Office, with satisfactory proof
of the rights of the claimants, a patent shall issue
for the lands so located: Provided, Said land shall
not be located upon any land within six miles of
any railroad.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of Robinson
Gammon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stalesuf Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the name of Robinson Gammon, of Roxbury, m
the county of Oxford, and State of Maine, upon
the roll of invalid pensions, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from the third day of Decem-
ber, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
during his life.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. LVT.—An Act for the Benefit of the Cap-
tors of the British Brig Caledonia, in the war
of eighteen hundred and twelve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars to
the captors of the British brig Caledonia, on' the
eighth of October, eighteen hundred and twelve,
on the Niagara river, near Fort Erie, [or to] the
widows of the captors, if any, and if'none, then
to their children or grandchildren, but not to col-
lateral heirs. The said payment to be made to the
widow of the late Captain Jesse D. Elliott, to the
child of the late General Nathan Towson, then a
captain of artillery, and to the officers and men
engaged in the capture aforesaid, [or to their]
widows if any, and if none, then to their children
Or grandchildren, but not to collateral heirs, in
such proportions as each may be found to be en-
titled to, according to the usages of the naval
service.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. LYII.—An Act for the Relief of John F.
Cannon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ef Repre-
sentatives <tf the United Stales ofJlmeiica in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and required to pay to
John F. Cannon, at the rate of one hundred and
twenty dollars per annum, for and during the
time ho carried said mail, according to his con-
tract, in addition to the amount already paid to
him, for additional expense incurred, and extra
service performed by him on mail route number
two thousand six hundred and twenty-seven.
Approved, February 23, 1859.
Chap. .LXI.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
Bainbridge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the name of Mary Bainbridge, of
Massachusetts, be, and the same is hereby,
placed upon the pension list of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further tnacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior pay, or cause to be paid, to
the said Mary Bainbridge the sum of thirty dol-
lars per month, commencing on the first day of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and to
continue during her natural life.
Approved, February 26, 1859.
Chap. LXII.—An Act for the Relief of William
H. Russell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to William H. Russell, the sum of eight hundred
and thirty-nine dollarsand sixty-six cents, in full
for his salary as collector of the port of Monte-
rey, in California, from the thirteenth day of
March to the twenty-third day of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one.
Approved, February 26, 1859.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act for theRelief of William
F. Wagner.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury pay
to William F. Wagner, late marshal of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, five hundred
and thirty-three dollars and thirty-five cents, in
full payment of his costs in the case of "The
United States vs. Schooner Renaissance and car-
go;" and also six hundred and sixty-six dollars,
in full payment of his costs in the case of " The
United States vs. A Lot of Timber."
Approved, February 26, 1859.
Chap. LXVII.—An Act for the Relief of Ken-
nedy O'Brien.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the'interior be,
