9/4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
sage, will be traced in the future history of those
•who labored for its repeal.
However this may be, the storm ir  Kansas has
passed away; and those-#ho have been beaten,
as well as those wfeo have triumphed, can etijoy
the serenity of the sky. The Republican tri-
umph in that Territory comes to us as the voice
of that civil devolution which contains a germ
fronijvhich is to spring a life, and a light, for the
future guidance of our country's destiny. Free-
dom in Kansas has triumphed. The time and
manner of her admission into the Union is with
herself. We now come to Oregon.
Oregon is comparatively an old Territory. She
is to some extent, I believe to a very great extent,
settled by New England people. Massachusetts
men and Massachusetts women were among its
earliest settlers. The blood of those whose mem-
ory is dear to me flowed in the veins of those
■who first broke its soil and planted its fields. Her
fortunes have been watched with the greatest so-
licitude by our people. In prosperity and in ad-
versity, she has been the object of our regard and
watchful care. She has struggled onward and
onward, in moderate but substantial prosperity.
She is now at the door of the Union. Shall we
close it upon her? Not by my vote. Shall we
repel her? shall we cast Iter off? or shall we bid
her welcome? Sir, my mind is made up; with
all my heart, I bid her come in. There are pro-
visions in her constitution which, were I.to vote
upon them, could never receive my sanction. But
1 do not regard myself as responsible, in the vote
which I give for heradmission, for e^ch and every
item in her constitution. I vote for her admis-
sion upon general"principles. Her constitution is
republican in form; and slavery is excluded from
her territory forever.
Sir, I regret with sadness," the people of Oregon
have deemed it expedient to adopt the article
they have relative to free negroes; but I must re-
gard it as but temporary and inoperative. Candor,
however, compels me to say, that it is but in ac-
cordance'with tjie spirit which prevails through-
out the West towards free blacks; and is signifi-
cant that the free, as well as the bonded negro, is
to be the cause of much future agitation. In Mas-
sachusetts, thankGod,all men are regarded equal,
and entitled to equal rights. I find no State west
of New York ready to grant full rights and priv-
ileges of citizenship, to free blftcks; therefore, it
would be inconsistent to reject Oregon for this
clause in her constitution.
I am also entirely opposed to that provision in
her constitution relative to alien suffrage, and will
never sanction, by my vote, the principle involved
in-it; butthis is a matter which, under the pres-
ent Constitution and laws of the country, is en-
tirely with the people of the States. I have made
my"record on these questions on the Journals of
this House, and shall do it again, whenever the
question shaH arise.
Mr. Speaker, Oregon must, at no remote day,
be admitted as a State. I am in favor of her ad-
mission to-day. If admitted now, she comes
under the bright sunshine of peace-. No internal
feuds reign there. The canvass,for her constitu-
tional convention was conducted as quietly and
peacefully as the ordinary elections in the States.
In view of the scenes which have tianspired in
other Territories, and which have been so often
and so graphically portrayed by meuibets of this
House, and by none with moic eloquence and
power than by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow;] I say, in view of
these things, and with the blood of our brothers
yet moist, shed in territorial strifes and conten-
tions, who upon this floor is willing to take the
responsibility of a postponement of this ques-
tion ? If we delay her admission, no man can
foresee what intervening circumstances may oc-
cur to embarrass and embitter future proceed-!j
ings. Others may take this responsibility, I will ,
not. j
Now as-to her population. I tviil not under- ;
take to say how large her population is; two years ,
ago, the gentleman from Pennsylvania stated it I
to be ninety thousand. He gave me yesterday, i|
as his authority, the honorable Delegate from Or-
egon. The honorable Delegate from Oregon has
assured us, upon this floor to-day, that her pop-
ulation is ninety to one hundred thousand, and
he is my authority. If he was good authority
two years ago, he is good authority now. I am
not aware of anything in his career, during the
past two years, to impeach his integrity.
A few words as to enabling acts and the Eng-
lish restriction. I am indifferent as to enabling
acts, and think them altogether unnecessary. I
regard the English restriction, so called, of no
consequence; I shall most cheerfully vote for its
repeal. It has served a good purpose; it has
served to east odium upon its authors, and help
on the causep? freedom everywhere.
In my judgment, you may adopt as many res-
olutions as you will, as the basis upon which new
States shall hereafter be admitted into the Union.,
and each new State will be admitted independent
of such resolution. The Thirty-Fifth Congress
may be of the opinion that ninety-three thousand
four hundred and twenty inhabitants shall be the
basis as to population; and the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress will repeal or disregard it. 1 do not say this
is right; but it is in the nature of things, and in
accordance with the history of'the country.
The Constitution of the United States avoided
specifying the mode by which new States may be
admitted into the Union; leaving the form and
manner altogether to the discretion of Congress.
As it was the wisdom of theframsrs of the Con-
stitution to leave this matter to Congress, it seems
to me presumption for one Congress to lay down
a basis upon which a succeeding Congress shall
act. As I am ready to admit Kansas with a free
and republican constitution, such as her people
desire, and may adopt, so am I now ready to vote
for the admission of Oregon.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I desire to suggest that there are a great
number of gentlemen who wish to express their
views upon this question, and that they will not
be able to do so unless the time of each member
is limited. I ask,by unanimous consent, that the
time of each member be limited, hereafter, to
,thirty minutes.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I have been unable to coincide
with the views of my colleague, [Mr. Comins,]
who has just taken his seat, and I am compelled
to vote against the admission of Oregon under the
constitution which she brings here in her appli-
cation, and I desire briefly, to assign a few rea-
sons for that vote. The question of the admis-
sion of a new State into our Confederacy, is ad-
dressed to the largest discretion of Congress. The
Constitution does not command as to admit new
States. It simply authorizes the exercise of that
power, and leaves to each legislator the largest
exercise of Ins discretion, unburdened by a single
obligation, and untrammeled save by a single lim-
itation. There may be, and doubtless often are,
considerations which go to modify and to some
extent to control that discretion. A large and in-
creasing population, stable and permanent in its
character, may have induced an invitation in ad-
vance, in the form of an enabling act. Civil
commotion may have so disturbed the order of
things in a Territory, or the territorial government
may have so failed to discharge its proper func-
tions, or to render itself acceptable to the people,
that one may feel constrained, other things being
consistent, to cast a vote for the admission of a
Territory as a State. But in the case of Oregon,
I know of no such consideration.
So far as the amount of population is concerned,
and so far as we have any official information,
there are, in my opinion, very few more than
fifty or sixty thousand inhabitants in that Terri-
tory. I would as soon vote for her admission into
this Union, with sixty thousand as with any other
number, if the circumstances which surround her
territorial existence and position are such as to
justify it. 1 make no objection here that she does
not come'under the enabling act. Other things
being equal, I would just as soon vote for her ad-
mission heie, without, as with an enabling act, if
she came here, with a constitution acceptable to
her people and republican in principle. No civil
commotion exists in all her borders; she is at
peace, she is slowly and gradually increasing in
population, and coming forth by degrees from the
chtysalis of an infant Territory and clothing her-
self with the maturity of a State.
I feel, under the circumstances, perfectly free
to examine her application, and to weigh not only
all the arguments in favor of her admission, but
all objections which lie against it. My objections
to voting for her admission lie in her constitu-
tion itself. I cannot agree with my colleague
[Mr. Comins] that her constitution is Republican
m form. I understand that phraseology to mean
something more than mere form. I understand
it to be my duty to look into that constitution and
see whether it is Republican in principle. One
portion of that constitution, most objectionable in
my mind, I send to the Clerk's desk, that they
may be read together. They have often been al-
luded to in this debate, but not too often; for more
than one reading is necessary in order to learn
the full scope and meaning of those several prop-
ositions.
The Clerk read as follows:
" And every white male of foreign birth, of the age of
twenty-one years and upwards, who shall have resided in
the United States one year, and shall have resided in this
State during the six months immediately preceding such
election, and shall have declared his intention to become
a citizen of the United States one year preceding sueh elec-
tion, conformably to the laws of the United States on the
subject of naturalization, shall be entitled to vote at ail
elections authorised by law,"
" No free negro or mulatto, not residing in this State at
the time of the adoption of this Constitution, shall ever
come, reside, or be within this State, or hold any real es-
tate, or make any contract, or maintain any suit therein ;
and the Legislative Assemhty shall provide by penal laws for
the removal, by public officers, of all sueh free negroes and
tnulattoes, and "lor their effectual exclusion from ttie State,
and for the punishment of persons who shall bring them
into the Slate, or employ or harbor them therein."
" No Chinaman, not a resident of this State at the time
of the adoption of tins Constitution, shall ever hold any real
estate or mining claim, or work any mining claim thereir'l.''
" The Legislative Assembly shall provide by law, in the
most effective manner, for cairying out the above provis-
ion."
" No negro, Chinaman, or mulatto, shall have the right
of suffrage."
" And the Legislative Assembly shall have power to re-
strain and legulate the immigtution to this of persons
not qualified to become citizens of the United Slates."
Mr. DAWES. I am not to be driven from the
position ofopposition to this constitution because
of the charge made against this side of the House
—of opposition to the admission of a free State,
for the reason that it is Democratic in its political
character. The participation I had last session
in bringing Minnesota upon this floor, has given
evidence that I will admit a free State, whatever
may be the political character of that State. I
refertothe record of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
where I find that my colleague [Mr. CoIuins]
voted..against the enabling act for the admission
of a free State into the Union, because of some,
to him, valid objections to that act. In the vote
on the enabling act fifr the admission of Minne-
sota, I find my colleague's name recorded against
it; and, now, strengthened by his example, I make
bold, here, to raise my voice in opposition to the
admission of Oregon, for reasons found in her
constitution. Sir, the first of the articles read
at the Clerk's desk, I do not propose, in the lim-
ited time I have, to dwell much upon. It is an
objection, in my mind, to the admission of Ore-
gon, and a departure from the true meaning of
the Constitution, which, in my judgment, was
never intended to permit any but citizens to ex-
ercise the elective franchise. The second is, in
my opini&n, as plainly and as palpably a violation
of the Constitution of the United States as any
provision capable of being drafted by man. I hold
myself responsible upon this floor, if, by my vote,
I breathe the breath of life iffto that constitution,
just as much as if it were embodied in a bill before
Congress, and-by my vote that was made a law.
Without the vote of a majority upon this floor,
that constitution falls stid-born; by the vote of a
majority, it becomes the organic law of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. I am not able, whatever may
be the ability of others upon this floor, to divest
myself of the responsibility of voting for that
which, in my conscience, I believe to be uncon-
stitutional. That provision of the constitution
which excludes free people of coloFfrom the Ter-
ritory, is, in my opinion, as I have said, clearly
unconstitutional:
<• No free negro or mulatto not residing in this State at the
time of the adoption of this constitution, shall ever come,
reside, or be within this State, or hold any real estate, or
make any contract, or maintain any suit therein."
Sir, that cannot be republican in this Confed-
eracy of States, which cannot be adopted and car-
ried out in practice under the Constitution of all
the States. One State of this Union cannot arro-
gate to itself prerogatives, the exercise of which
cannot be assumed by all the States of this U nion.
If the State of Oregon has the right to drive from
