1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
its borders all free people of color,* every other
State has the same right, and we might as well
here enact a law to drive every one of them into
the broad o.cean, as to authorize by our vote here
the State of Oregon to drive them from the Ter-
ritory. it is unconstitutional under that provision
of the Constitution of the United States which
guaranties to citizens of each State all the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States; and in maintenance ofthatdactrine, I ne^4
not go further than the Dred Scottdecision. That
decision, which struck more fatal blows at the
rights of men than ever before, in the history of
the Government, fell upon innocent and unoffend-
ing heads, is not broad enough to take this clause
of the Oregon constitution out of conflict wiLh
that of the United States. , Here is the doctrine
laid down by Chief Justice Taney, in the opinion
of the court, when he defines what that clause in
the Constitution of the United States guaranties to
the'citizen of one State when he goes into another:
" But, so fai as mere rights of person are concerned, the
piovision m question is confined to citizens of a State who
are temporarily in another State without taking up their res-
idence there. It gives them no political rights in the State,
as to voting, or holding office, or in any other respect. For
a citizen ot one State has no right to participate m the gov-
ernment of another. But, if he ranks as a citizen m the State
to which he belongs, within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion of thy United States, then, whenever he goes into an-
other State, the Constitution clothes him, as to the lights
of person, with all the puvileges and immunities which be-
long to citizens of ttee State. And it persons of the African
race are citizens of a State, and of the United States, they
would be entitled to all of these privileges and immunities
in every State, and the State could not restrict them; for
they would hold these puvileges and immunities under the
paramount authonty of the Federal Government, and itrf
courts would be bound to maintain and enforce them, the
constitution and laws of the State to the contiaiy, notwith-
standing. And it the Stales could hmit or restrict them, or
place the paity m an inferior giade, this clause of the Con-
stitution would be tin meaning, and could have no opeiation ;
and would give no rights to the citizen when in another
State. He would have none but what the State itself chose
to allow him. This is evidently not the eonsuuetion 01
meaning ot the clause m question. It guaranties rights to
the citizen, and the State cannot withhold them."
Now, I think no man will for a moment con-
tend that if the classes of persons described in
this section of the Oregon constitution shall be in-
cluded in this idea of a citizcn, then according to
the Constitution, as expounded in the Dred Scott
decision itself, this provision which attempts, not
only to drive them from its border, but to pre-
vent their holding property, making contracts,
suing in the courts, or even eating the bread of
life within her borders, c^oes violate that pro-
vision of the Constitution to which 1 have re-
ferred. This same opinion defines who are citi-
zens of the United States; and to whom these
rights are guarantied. I ask the House to listen
to that definition, and then I will show the House
that that definition applies to a large class of my
own constituents, and the constituents of my col-
league, [Mr. Comins,J who hasjust taken his seat,
and who represents a commercial city in which,
because of their employment as seamen, more
than in other sections of our State, do they come
in conflict with this provision. Chief Justice
Taney says:
" It is true, every per?on, and every class and description
of persons, who weie at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution recognized as citizens m the several States, be-
came also ciuzens of this new political body; but none
othei; it whs formed by them, and for them and then pos-
terity, but for no one else. And the persona! i ighN and priv-
ileges guarantied to citizens of this new sovereignty were
intended to embrace those only who were then membPis
of the several State communities, or who should attci ward41
by birthright oi otherwise become membeis, according to
the provisions of tne Constitution and the principles on
which it was founded. It was the union of those who were
at that tune member? of distinct and separate political com-
munities into one political family, whose power, for certain
specified purposes, was to extend over the whole tenitoty
of the United States. And it gave to each citizen nghts
and privileges outside of his State which he did not helorc
possess, and placed him in every other State upon a perfect
equality with its own citizens' as to rights of person and
right* of piopeity; it made him a citizen of the United
States."
Now, sir, in respect to my own State. In
1780, she adopted her present constitution; before
which the shackles fell from the limbs of every
slave within her borders, and he stood forth
clothed with all the privileges, rights,.and immu-
nities of a citizen. The constitution of Massa-
chusetts, in the rights, privileges, and immunities
of the citizen, is no more a respecter of persons
than is the God her people worship. From 1780
until 1789, when the Constitution of the United
States was adopted, every colored man who lived
in that community was just as much a citizen as
every white .man. And the Chief-Justice, in this
opinion, says that he and his posterity are to-day
citizens of the United States, and have all the
rights-and privileges and immunities in the State
of Oregon that every citizen of that State has. I
cannot understand, sir, how a member from my
own State, in the honest discharge of his duty,
as honest a discharge of it as my own, can come
to the conclusion that it is his duty, by his vote,
to breathe the breath of life into a provision of a
constitution that would disfranchise a large por-
tion of the people of Massachusetts. I desire to
call up, in the recollection of my colleague, the
efforts Massachusetts has made heretofore to test
the rights of her citizens to the privileges and im-
munities of citizenship in other States. I desire
to have it remembered—I do nof intend ever to
forget it—that Massachusetts has utterly failed to
have the question tried in the highest tribunal of
the country, to know whether or not there is aijy
force and effect in this provision of the Consti-
tution as expounded, even in this latter day, by
the Supreme Court of the United States. I, for
one, do not jntend to forget the indignities heaped
upon her, in her struggle to sccuie to her citi-
zens their rights under this clause. Sir, I desire
to call attention to the phraseology of this pro-
vision; for there seems to be a studied malignity
in this phraseology that I cannot well compre-
hend in the constitution of a State:
" No free negio or mulatto, not residing in this State at
the tune of the adoption of this constitution, shall ever
come, reside, or be, within this State."
They could not condescend to say " volun-
tarily. ' A citizen of my State may be drifted by
stress of weather into their harbors; a whaler,
with a citizcn of my State, included in this pro-
vision, may be brought in there; and the humble
sailor, having no command of the ship, nn re-
sponsibility,and no control, may be taken in there
against his will; and yet this constitution imposes
a duty upon the Legislature to provide penalties
to be visited upon his head. Without being
aware of it, he may come within thp limits of that
State and incur the penalty. And furthermore,
he who shall " employ " or " harbor" such per-
son comes under the same visitation. They have
not inserted " knowingly.*' It may be done ig-
norantly and innocently, and yet come within the
letter of this provision.
And, sir, 1 do not know by what test a man
may tell one of those from another class of colored
persons which this provision of the constitution
permits to remain there. The constitution has
made no provision that they shall wear frontlets
upon their brow; but whosoever, knowingly or
not, innocently or designedly, whether in obedi-
ence to the Divine injunction to feed the hungry
and clothe the naked, or with a design to violate
the law; all alike are denounced as transgressors
of the law, and each one and all come within this
provision of the constitution.
Again, take the provision in reference to the
Chinamen. While that provision permits one
class of Chinamen to reside within that State,
with all the personal rights and privileges of cit-
izens, it disables, while it permits them to reside
there, another class of Chinamen; and thus that
State, which pretends to come here upon the car-
dinal principle of equality, builds up two classes
of foreign men m that community; one with per-
sonal rights and privileges as citizens, and another
disabled, with no rights to hold real estate or to
exercise any of the great immunities of citizens;
one class of Chinamen mere serfs, and the other
clothed with all personal rights. Now, there is
a provision in our treaty with China providing
that the Unin d .States and China shall be heru-
forever at pe.iee with each other, and with allsthe
citizens theieof, " without exception to persons or
i places;" and I would like to ask gentlemen how
| that provision comports wijh the provision of the
1 Constitution to which I have referred? I would
like to know, if there were such a provision ex-
| isting between us and Great Britain, and we
should make an invidious distinction between
different classes of her subjects, disabling upon
the same soil some of them, and granting to others
the personal rights of the citizen, whether we
should not be called to accountfor it? It is an in-
fraction of treaty stipulations, which are the su-
preme law of the land.
i But I desire to say, sir, before I take leave of
t,hat provision which denies to a certain class of
colored persons the right to bring suits in the
cotirts of Oregon, that it exceeds in cruelty and
inhumanity any provision touching the same sub-
ject iu any slave code in the United States, so far
as I know. There is not a slave in a slave S^tte
who has not, under her laws, a right to maintain
a suit in her courts. I believe such an inhuman
provision could not stand an hour, sir, in your
own State of South Carolina. Let any man bring
a colored person into Oregon and claim him as a
slave: if this constitution is sanctioned by our
votes and made the organic law of Oregon, there
is no way given among men by which he could
invoke her courts to give him his freedom. It is
reserved for this so-called free State to invent a
method more subtile and effectual for maintaining
slavery in her own borders than was ever devised
south of Mason and Dixon's line. Thus it is
that the most efficicntinstrumentalities forcarry-
mg out the great work of the slave propaganda
are furnished by the North, and in the name of
freedom. This is the false and hollow-hearted
pretense that Oregon is a free State.
There is one other provision of this constitu- .
tion which Phave not alluded to, although I have
already quoted it. It is as follows:
(t And the Legislative Assembly shall have power to re-
strain and lcgulate the nnmigiation to this State of persons
not qualified to become citizens of the United States."
Under this provision the African slave trade
can be reopened. That is now prevented only by
a law of Congress. We enact this provision by
our votes in its favor, and it grants full authority
to bring blacks from Africa, and to prescribe the
terms and provisions upon which it may be done.
I know of no way that any African, so brought,
could, by the aid of the courts of Oregon, relieve
himself from bondage. And, if we give this au-
thority, no penalty can be'visited ufyrn the heads
of those who participate in the traffic between
Oregon and Africa.
This, sir, is not only not a republican consti-
tution, but it is riot a free constitution. It is a
departure from all our ideas of a republican con-
stitution. It makes odious distinctions among
classes of men; among individuals of the same
class. It ruthlessly tramples the rights of the cit-
izen in the du9t. It arrogates to itself prerogatives
that cannot be exercised in common by all the
States'. It trenchas on the guarantees of the Con-
stitution of the United States. Sworn to support
that Constitution, I cannot sanction this. I can-
not be driven from my opposition because there
are other provisions of this constitution which
incline some in calling it a free State; or because,
if I remand it back to a territorial government,,
under the Dred Scott decision, slavery exists
there. I demand something more than a free State
in name. 1 want the reality. If slavery exists
in Oregon while a Territory, it is because the
people want it; and if they want it, they will make
it a slave State, 111 name as well as in fact, within
a twelve-month, if admitted.
These arc some of the reasons why I cannot
vote for this bill. I speak for no individual here
but myself, and for no constituency but my own.
I think I know their sentiments*, and should I vote
for this bill, I should expect to be burned in effigy
at every cross-road in my district. I do not intend
to disappoint, in this respect, the just expectation
of those who sent me here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. My colleague who has just
addressed the House is unable to see how an
honest Representative of the State of Massachu-
setts can vote for the admission of Oregon. I will
gratify the curiosity of my colleague, if he will
listen to my argument and the reasons which I
shall give in defense of my position. And, sir,
I think this is a strange necessity that compels
the northern Representative's upon this floor Jo
give the reasons for their votes for the admission
of another free State into this Confederacy. Sir,
I shall vote for the admission of the State of Or-
egon without hesitation, without reluctance, and
without reserve. So far as my vote and my voice
can go, I would extend to her such a welcome
as becomes her history, as becomes her promise
for the future, and such as becomes our own high
renown for justice and magnanimity—a welcome
not based on contemptible political calculation, or
still more contemptible partisan expediency; but
such a welcome as sympathy and friendship and
