THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1859.
New Series.,..No. $2.
that to reject a young State for the reason that it
is Democratic would make it Democratic forever ?
Does the gentleman from Indiana find anything
in thehistory of the Republican party which jus-
tifies such conviction of its stupidity, as would
lead him to say that the Republican paity, as a
party, is opposed to the admission of afree State
because her people had chosen such politics as
seemed to them best? Does he not see that sa-
gacious Republicans, finding that the Republican
party in Oregon is now in a minority of only a
few hundred votes, understand that if Oregon be
admitted by their action, and were thus set free
from the influence of Executive patronage, she
would very soon become a Republican State?
But further than that: the gentleman brings up
another secret reason why the Republicans would
oppose the admission of Oregon. That secret rea-
son is, that, in case of the failure of the people to
elect a President, and incase of that election com-
ing to this House, there will be a vote from Oie-
gon against the Republican candidate, which may
procure his defeat. Now, does not the gentle-
man from Indiana understand that any such po-
sition of the Republican party would secure its
defeat? that if it were stupid enough to take a
position against the admission of free States, be-
cause their constitutions were not universally
approved, it would require more than the vote
of one State, either in Congress or out of. Con-
gress, to help or harm the prospects of the party?
I thank the gentleman from Indiana for the se-
cretreasons which he has given ar^l which I have
thus far been enabled to prove too absurd and im-
politic to influence the action of the Republican
party. _ _
There are ccrtain principles which, in my opin-
ion, should govern the Mouse on a question of
the admission of a State. First, the constitution
must be republican m form. Second, there must
be sufficient population; what number may be
sufficient, must be left to the discretion of Con-
giess. Thud, the proposed admission must be
shown to be for the benefit of the contacting
parties; to be best for the State applying, to be
best for the Confederacy. Let us look at these
principles and see how they should affect the vote
on the admission of Oregon.' First, then, is the
constitution presented by Oregon republican in
form?
I will here send to the Clerk's desk a quotation
from an authority which is justly and generally
respected by Republicans—an extract from a
speech of Senator Sewaid, made in the Senate of
the United States last May upon this very ques-
tion.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" T think theic i« nobody who doubts that the people of
Oreeon are to day ready, desirous, willing, to come in.
They have made a constitution which is acceptable to them-
selves, and a constitution winch however it may be cmi-
cised here, after all complies substantially with every re-
quirement which tiiepongressof the United State*, or any
considerable portion of either House ot' Congress ha^ ever
m^istrd on in regard to any State
" H seems lo me, therefore, to be trifling with th° State
of Oiegon, trifling with the people of that community, and
lo be unnecessary, and talc ulnted to produce an unfavor-
able impression on the public mmd. in icgard to the con-
sistency of the po'icy which we pur&uem. adnmnngStatcs
into the Union, to dt-lnv or deny this application. Forone,
hi, I think that tlm sooner a Terutory emerges; from its pi o-
vincial condition, the belter: the sooner the people aie left
to manage their own affairs and aie admitted to pamcipa-
tion in the respon^ibihiies of the Government, the stronger
and the moie vigorous the States which those people foim
will be. I trim, therefore, that the question will be taken,
and that the State maybe admitted without furthcrdelay.,5
Mr. THAYER. So much, then, in relation to
the first principle which should govern ouraction
in the admission of States. And what, sir, con-
cerning the other? How will it affect this present
Confederacy of States to admit the Territory of
Oregon? Why, gentleman talk here as if wo
were discussing the question of admitting some
new and unhoaid of race of monsters and canni-
bals into the Union! Sir, is not this injustice to
the people of Oregon? Will they contaminate
this Confederacy? Just as much as their mount-
ain streams will contaminate the Pacific ocean. 1
toil you, they may be inferior to us in education}
in refinement, and in etiquette', they may not ap-
pear as well in the drawing-room as some of our
eastern exquisites; but in the sturdy virtues of
honesty, of fidelity, of industry, and of endur-
ance, they are above the average of the people of
this Confederacy. I regret that the gentleman
from Maine the other day deemed it expedient to
call the pioneers of our national progress "inter-
lopers, runaways', and outlaws." I affirm, con-
cerning American citizens in any Territory of the
United States, and in any new State of this Con-
federacy, that they are above the average of the
population of the old States, in all that makes up
manly and virtuous character. They have my
sympathy; and never will I oppress them by my
vote or my voice.
If, then, there is great gain to the Confederacy,
is it not also better for the people of Oregon them-
selves that she should be admitted into the Union ?
*-Is it better that they should remain under the
tuition of this Federal Government—a non-resi-
dent Government—or that they should govern
themselves? Why, sir, to contcnd against the
advantages of self-government would soem tome
unsuited to this place, and not to comport well with
the history of this Republic; for the origin of this
nation was a protest against a non-resident Gov-
ernment, and our history should be. For one,
sir, 1 have no faith in that kind of government
being exercised over Anglo-Saxons'anywliere,
and least of all have I faith in that kind of gov-
ernment being exoicised by republics anywhere;
and therefore, to relieve a portion of oui people
from what I consider a curse—the curse of a non-
resident domination—1 will cheerfully vote for the
admission of Oregon. Sir, this non-resident con-
trol is a relic as it was an invention of ancient
tyranny. It. has come down from the history of
the old Romans; who had pro-consuls in Judea,
in Spain, in Gaul, m Germany, and in Britain;
and England has copied their example, arid-sent
governors and governors-general to India,and to
this continent also. But we protested success-
fully against that kind of government by the war
of the Revolution; and 1 look forward to the time
when every portion of our national domain shall
be free from it; when we shall have no provincial
dependencies whatever; when we shall have noth-
ing but a combination of equal and sovereign re-
publics. Then, sir, we may bring the duties of
this Government to a position where they will be,
as was well said last session by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,] " few and simple,"
as they should be.
It is in accordance with this view that I shall
oppose anything that leads to complications—that
shall multiply or extend our provincial depend-
encies.
But, Mr. Chairman, I did wish to review the
action of the minority of the Committee on Ter-
ritories in relation to this questiun. They have
reported the bill of the majority with an addi-
tional provision repealing the clause of the En-
glish bill restricting the right or' Kansas to come
into the Union with a less population than ninety-
thicc thousand. Now, sir, I had supposed that
the gentlemen of the minority of the committee ,
would have vot^d for the bill which they have
reported, but speeches have boon made by two of
the gentlemen who Signed that leport, in winch
they went off on an altogether different line of
reasoning. They have talked about the uncon-
stitutionality of the constitution of Oregon, and
about its invasions of human rights, without con-
fining themselves at ail to tin1 argument of their
mmonty leport. And now I wish to know fur
what consideration the signers of that report are
willing to ignore all these revered human rights,
invaded and ruioed by the constitution of Oregon?
I hav*' their reply in this report. On one condition
they are willing to sanction all these outrages,
and that condition is that a certain act concerning
Kaunas shah be repealed. If the report is in good
faith, there can be no other conclusion.
[lien; the hammer fell J
Mi. HILL. Mr. Speaker,I am rejoiced to find
that the discussion of the gnue subject that is be-
fore the House, on this occasion, has nat taken
a sectional turn, nor has it assumed strictly a
party complexion. The chifef object that I have
in view, I may say,, is to define my own position
in regard to the question, much more than to con-
vince the understandings of other gentlemen as to
what I may believe to be their duty, as legislators.
I am glad to perceive the contrariety of opinion
that exists in this body, that a particular senti-
ment is not confined to either side of the House;
but that difference of opinion exists upon both
sides, and is confined to no particular class of pol-
iticians.
It is very well known that I belong to a class
that never will,so long as they are faithful to the
principles they advocate, tolerate the admission
of a-State into this Union that'permits, by its con-
stitution alien suffrage. No, sir; 1 should be
striking at the root of American principle's when-
ever I yielded such a point as that. Yet, 1 do not
propose, upon this occasion, to debate that par-
ticular question at length, because it has been
descanted upon so elaborately and so ably by my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicotper,] that
I wi[l pretermit any extended expression of opin-
ion in relation to it.
I propose, however, upon thjssubject, to refer
gentlemen to the opinions of one of the highest
intellects of the nineteenth century—a statesman
of the South who, more than twenty years ago,
with a sagacity that equaled that of any man in
this country, foresaw the danger of extending this
species of suffrage. I allude to Mr. CaThoun,and
to his remarks upon the admission of Michigan,
in which he spoke of the evil consequences of en-
couraging this violation of the spirit of American
institutions.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him at that point?
Mr. HILL. For a moment only.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 wish to cail the attention
of the gentleman, and of tiie House, to the fact, in
relation to the position of i\lr. Calhoun upon the
question of the admission of Michigan, that he
declared repeatedly, dutnig the progress of that
speech, as is shown by the speech itself, that he
had been hurried into the debate without time to
consider the question, and that accounts for the
inaccuracies of expression in that speech.
Mr. HILL. I will concedc that what the gen-
tleman says is true, and the only remark I have
to make upon it is, that I would like to see the
gentleman himself, or any other gentleman enter-
taining opinions coincident with his, successfully
review the speech of Mr. Calhoun, and convince
me that its doctrines are erroneous. I have never
sc-n a criticism which served to satisfy me that
it was an en or, and until thntis done, \ shall be
content to sqnaie my opinions with Ins, and take
shelter under the great Otrrohnian. 1 will here
read some extracts from the speech of that dis-
tinguished statesman. They are as follows:
u f do not deem it noces«aiy to follow my colleague and
the Senafoi fiom Kentucky, m their attempt to define or
de-*uibo a citizen. JsTouung i« more difficult than the defi-
nition or ev< n de-enption, of so complex an idea; and
hence all argument* ie-titi? on one definition, in such cases,
almost necessarily lead to unceuamiyaud doubt, but though
v. e may not ho abi<j t<> say, with precision, whit a Citizen
i--. we may -ay. v\ ith the utmost certainty, wh u lie i- not.
lie i-s hoi an alien. Alien and citizen ate'eorrel.mve tonus,
ami -itaiul 111 etmtradi-tmciion to each other. They, of
com-•(*. cannot cocxi t. They ate, in tart, so opposite in
then n.inne, that we conceive ot the one but in eoutiadis-
u action to the oilier. Tnu-? lar all must be agreed My next
step i- not less ct nam
'* Tho Constitution confers on Congre*.- the authority to
ipa-s umtoiin law-? of natn<:iiiz;itinn. Tin* will not be ques-
tioned ; not will it be that the Ptfect of nattuabiation is to
remove alienage, 1 am not ceitam thaf.the woid i % a legiti-
mate one. (Mi. Trenton -,aid. m a low tone, it w .is ) My
colleague «aj&it !*>. fhs authority is high mi such ques-
tions, ami with it 1 (eel in}-elf at hbertv t<> use the word.
To lemove alien ace 1-; -mrioiy to pat the lorei/uei m the t on-
dit'on of a native bom. To tln^ extent the act of natuiah-
z.i'ion goes, and no iuithei.
The ii." vt p iMtinn-1 assume Unn le--s ec:tam • that when
Coii«p -. ha^ excused its authoniy. by pa-^i'Tg a umfoini
law 0! naturalization, (an it inw,) it excludes the'right of ex-
erci-mg a similar authority on the parrot the State To
suppose that the States (ould pass natmahzatiun act; of
thur own, altei Cont*rem had passed a unitorm law of nat-
uralization, would he to make the provision of the Con^u-
