1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
suffrage, equal to him who was born and reared
upon the soil ? I trust not; I hope that the spirit
which has been so rife within the past three or
four years will receive a check. Indeed, sir, I am
convinced that the time will yet come when the
paupers and criminals cast upon us from the pris-
ons and lazar-houses of Europe will satisfy the
deluded and mistaken people of the South that
they are the antagonists of their own peculiar in-
stitutions and interests. It is not too much for
me to say, as one of the South; that when you
once arouse the sensitive feelings of that section,
.her people will rise up and assert the principles
of the American party on the question of suffrage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
has referred to the opinion of Governor Brown,
of Mississippi, and of Senator Toombs, in support
of his view of.the subject of population. The
conference bill, I find, was passed on the 30th of
April; and on the 18th of May I find that Senator
Toombs voted for the passage of the Oregon bill.
So did Governor Brown. If the quotation from
their remarks upon the conference bill are worth
anything, how are they to be reconciled with their
votes eighteen days afterwards? Are their votes
not to be reconciled upon the ground that the
English conference bill was not to have a retro-
spective operation, and that the Oregon bill was
pending ia the Senate at .the time of the passage
of that conference bill? Was not that the view
taken by those gentlemen at the time they voted
for the conference bill? The conference bill and
the Oregon bill are cotemporary.
Mr. HILL, i have made the extracts which
were read, for the purpose of sustaining my argu-
ment; and I think that they have done so. To
do themselves jpstice, I think the Senators ought
to have voted against this measure. I do not say
how they voted. The gentleman informs me that
they voted for the admission of Oregon. They
may satisfy themselves that they have done right
and acted consistently; but they have failed to
satisfy me that there was anything in the Oregon
enabling act, taken in connection with the ordi-
nance of 1787, that made it proper thattheyshould
have voted for the admission of Oregon. That
point has been adverted to by my fnend from
Tefinessee, [Mr.ZoLLicoFFER,] andhehasshown
where it is conclusive against them.
Mr. ZOLLICOFPER. I will ask the gentle-
man from Georgia if it is not probable that the
distinguished gentlemen alluded to by the mem-
ber from Mississippi were actuated by their de-
sire to get rid of a great and exciting question that
was disturbing the peace of the whole country,
North and South ?
Mr. HILL. They have so said. They ad- j
nutted that it was a departure from principle, and
sheltered themselves under the imperious necessi-
ties of the hour. But that necessity does not, cer-
tainly, exist m relation to Oregon. No gentle-
man will say that the situation of Oregon is !
analogous to that of Kansas; and, therefore, that j
a suspension of this admirable and most conser- !
vative rule, as these three Senators say it was, i
ought, for that reason, to be applied to her. i
Sir, I am acquainted with some of the citizens
of Oregon. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Thayer] said something about their char-
acter. I happen to know very few of them; but
those I do know' commend themselves to me
very highly. Under different and proper circum-
stances, it would afford me great pleasure to wel-
come them into the councils of the nation as
legislators.
I have another objection, however, to the action
of this contemplated State, which does not prop-
erly apply at this particular time. It is under-
stood that she has actually, before she has become
a State; while she is yet, indeed, but a Territory
in transitu to the condition of a State, undertaken
to elect two Senators and aRepresentative to take
their seats m Congress. That action I hold to be
wrong in principle, premature, and such as ought
not to be tolerated, although it is not without pre- !
cedent. |
As to the issues which have arisen here be- ;
tween gentlemen from the North, of the Repub- !
hcan party, in regard to the propriety or impro- ,
pnety of the admission of this State, they are j
between them. I care not how many such issues j
arise on the subject of the rights of the colored i
population of this country; because, if left to me, :
they would have very few rights, except that of
serving good masters, wherever they are, and
that is the best privilege, in my humble judgment,
that can be accorded to them in Massachusetts,
New York, or wherever else they may be found.
When the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] was lamenting the defection from prin-
ciple, on the part of northern gentlemen, towards
this class of their population, it occured to me to
ask him how that population compared in moral
worth with the white population of Massachu-
setts ? and whether he wished for a further infu-
sion of that sort of population into the State of
Massachusetts ? I presume he would answer that
he did not. I ask the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania [MivGrow] whether it would
be agreeable to him to see an increase of the col-
ored population of the State of Pennsylvania?
Mr. GROW. So far as I am concerned, I
would not exclude anybody that God Almighty
cieates on the face of the earth, from his birth-
place.
Mr. HILL. That is not answering my ques-
tion. I ask the gentleman if he would desire the
immigration of people of this class into the State
of Pennsylvania?
Mr. GROW. I never would vote to exclude
ajiy human being from coming into the State of
Pennsylvania, whatever his color, or wherever
the place of his birth.
Mr. HILL. It would be very strange to me,
if 1 should ever inhabit a free State, not to find
its white people favoiing a very wide discrim-
ination between the white and the black races.
Perhaps the gentleman from Pennsylvania may
be willing to put negroes on an equality w^th the
whites ?
Mr. GROW". In their personal rights if they
observe the laws.
Mr. HILL. Are they as apt to observe the
laws as tile white population are? IIow stands
that?
Mr. GROW. I cannot answer as to that, be-
cause I have not the facts and statistics; and the
gentleman from Georgia will understand me as
proposing to treat this question fairly.
Mr. MILL. Mr. Speaker, 1 have no idea of
treating questions pf this gravity as mere ques-
tions of expediency, to be governed by the im-
pulses and consequences of the hour m which
they occur, or of the day, or of the year, or two
years, or three years, that may succeed the trans-
action. I do not look in any sense to Otegon as
a future State, or to what her hereafter may be,
in any event, in this Confederacy. It matters not
to me, in any contingency which may, by pos-
sibility, arise, what part she might play. " Suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." I cannot,
and/will not, consent to depart from what I under-
stand and honestly-belike to be a great cardinal
prinpiple, to Vote for tmrailmission of this pro-
posed new State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I am opposed
to the admission of Oregon into the Union as a
State at the present time and under the constitu-
tion presented, and, desire to assign very briefly
my reasons for the vote I propose to give.
My opposition to the measure rests upon three
principal grounds:
1. Her admission would be a palpable infrac-
tion of the rule established by this very Congress
in the case of Kansas; an unjust and mo$t unde-
served discrimination in- favor of Oregon, and a
plain and dangerous violation of the equality of
the Territories.
The English bill, which stands to-day as a legal
barrier against Kansas, and is claimed by the
Federal Executive in his message as an. absolute j
prohibition upon the right of the people of that j
Territory to make application for admission into j
the Union, provides that, " whenever, and net j
before, u is ascertained by a census, duly and j
legally taken, that the population of said Terri-
tory equals or exceeds the ratio of representation
required fur a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States," i
she may then proceed, 111 the mode prescribed, to .
form a constitution preparatory for admission |
into the Union as a State. Under the existing ra- j
tio of representation, the population requisite for ]
one member of the House of Representatives is at ;
least ninety-three thousand four hundred and j
twenty. The population of Oiegon cannot be j
much mure than one half of the required number,
and several thousand less than the population of
Kansas. *
What has Oregon done to entitle her td superior
rights or consideration ? What peculiar reasons
are there, I demand to know, why a Territory on
thePacificcoastshould be admitted to special grace
and favor, to the exclusion of "her sister Territo-
ries on this side of the Rocky Mountains ? Does
this House propose to violate its own rules? to
inaugurate the example of applying diffeient rules
to different Territories? and thus, by way of re-
wards and punishments, aim to control and con-
form the institutions, policies, and politics of in-
cipient States, to the powers that be? I shall vote
for no such discrimination; to the last degree un-
equal, invidious, and unjust. There is but one
way of safety—equality, even-handed justice.
2. My second ground of objection is, that the
admission ofOregon would be unjust to the States
already in the Union, and especially towards the
larger and older States.
As to this point, the argument contained in the
annual message of the President is clear and con-
clusive. This oughtto be received as good author-
ity by the other side of the House, and I com-
mend it to the favorable consideration of the
friends of the Administration on this floor.
. The extract which I propose to read stands out
in that document as about the only green spot in
the " wide waste" of Executive expansion and
folly; and I gratefully repose upon it. Here it is.
The Piesident says:
" The Federal Government has ever been a liberal parent
to the Tori none:*,and a generous contributoi to the u&eful
enterprises of the early settlors. It has paid the expenses
of their governments* and Legislative Assemblies out of the
common Treasuiy, and thus relieved them from a heavy
charge. Under these encumbrances, nothing can be better
calculated to retard flieir mateiia! progress than to divert
them trom their useful employments,by prematurely excit-
ing angry political contests among themjgelvesvfor rl e benfit
of aspiring leaders, it is surely no hardship for embryo
Governor^, Senatois, and members of Congress, to wait
until the number ot mhabnants shall equal those ot a sin-.,
gle congressional district. They sutely ought not to be per-
mitted to lush into the Union with a population less than
one half of seveial of the laige counties in the inteiior of
some ot the State?.. This was the condition of Kansas when
u made application to he admitted under the Topeka con-
stitution. IJesides, it requires some tune to lender the mass
of a population collected in a new Territory at all-homoge-
neous, and to unite them on anything like a fixed policy.
Establish the rule, and all will look forward to it and gov-
ern themselves accordingly.
" But justice to the people of the several States requites
that this rule should he e^tnhh-hed by Congress. Bach State
is entitled to two Senators, and at least one Representative
in Congie^. Should the people of the Stales fail to elect
a Vice President, the power devolves upon the Senate to
select tins olficer from the two highest candidates on the
list. In case of the death of the President, the Vice Presi-
dent, thus elected by the Senate, becomes President of the
United States. On all questions ot' legislation, the Senators
Iron) the smallest States of the. Union have an equal vote
wjth those fiom the laigest. The same may be said in re-
gard to the ratification of treaties and Exceutive appoint-
ment--. All this has worked admirably in practice, whilst *
it conform^ m pnneiple with the character of a Govern-
ment Histuuied by sovereign States. I presume no Amer-
ican citizen would desire the slightest change in the ar-
rangement Still, is it not unjust and unequal to the existing
States to invest some forty or fifty thousand people col-
lected in a Territory with the artributes of sovereignty, and
place them on an equal footing with Virgnua and New
Yoik in the Senate of the United States
The population of the district which I have the
honor to repiesent on this floor, very consider-
ably exceeds a hundred thousand.
If Oregon is received into the Union upon her
•present application, she will immediately become
equal in representation with my district m this
branch of Congress, and, in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, equal to the whole State of New York,
with a population of more than three millions and
a half.
Before she can justly aspire to a position of
such power and consideration in the General
Government, would there be any injustice in re-
quiring her to show us affirmatively—not by giv-
ing us the amount at which she may have ap-
praised her property, or the result of her uncer-
tain and unsafe speculations on the laws of in-
ciease and diminution; but, in the language of the
" English act,'5 "by a census duly and legally
takenthat she has at least sufficient population
to entitle her to one member of the House of rep-
resentatives, under the existing latio of repre-
sentation ?
The rule established by the English bill, if made
applicable to all the Territories of the Union,
present and prospective, would be eminently fair
and just. More than this, sir; it would be, m
