1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
to adopt a free-State constitution, much to the dlscoraf tare
of neai three thousand pro-elavery voters. Eut on a failure
(tioni 6omc cause not generally known here) to gain admis-
sion during the last session of-Congress, those pro-slavery
I eujociats have taken fresh courage, and now claim the
riclit, notwithstanding the organic act, to hold slaves here
by vn tue of the Dred Scott decision ; and they are now cir-
culating petitions. Which are signed by many who voted for
a fiee State, and which aie to be presented to the Teirito
rial Legislature at us coming session, praying toi an act to
pioleet slave propeity in Oregon ; and as the Legislatures
largely Democratic and gieatfy undei the control of pro-
slavery influence, many of the friends of freedom hereftsar
for the result. Slavery thus planted here could barely be
eradicated but by admission undor our present constitution
at the ensuing session of Congress. There are, peihaps,
some objectionable features in our constitution, but the
fact that it forever excludes slavery from our fair heritage
is, m my hninble opinion, sufficient to recommend it to the
suppoi t of all good Republicans; and the citizens of this Ter-
ritory, except the pio-bluvery aristocracy, are well pleased
with it; and X assure you that you can do nothing in Con-
gress which win moie displease the slaveocracy heie than
to urge the admission of Oregon under her constitution now
beloie Congress.
I therefore venture to hope that you will not only give
our constitution your hearty support, but that you will lay
the mattei befoie the friends of human rights in Congress,
and urge the necessity of our immediate admission into the
Union. Our enemies are active and vigilant; let us be dil-
igent, too.
Your most obedient servant,
OWEN WADE.
Thus it appears that at least one man who pro-
fesses to be a Republican, and who certainly
bears a very good Republican name, gives it as
his opinion that you could do no greater disfavor
to the Democratic party in Oregon, than by urg-
ing and voting for the admission of Oregon under
this constitution, and that her' admission will
subserve the cause of freedom in that Territory.
1 will not undertake to decide -among those who
disagree upon this subject.
I leave that matter to pay my attention further
to the remarks of my colleague, [Mr. Hughes.]
He said:
£kYV> have now arnved at a point where the Republican
party of this fJo.use oppose the admission of a free State
into this Union, because its constitution doea not make the
negio the equal of the native-born white man, and the
foreign born white man tlio inferior of the negro. These
hypocutical professois of c popular sovereignty' who de-
nounce the Dred Scott decision, and deny that the Consti-
tution of the United States carnes African slavery into the
Territories, would refuse to a sovereign State the power to
exclude fiec negroes, and maintain that the Constitution
carries ' negro equality* everywhere—not alone into Ter-
ritories, but into States also.
" Let them stand by this issue. Let them put themselves
upon the record. Let them vote against Oregon. When
they stand unmasked botore the woifd—m every American
sense hostis humani genem-rone look upon then unvailed
faces will be enough for their constituents.
" Go, then, frcedom-shneker ! Vote against Otegon. But
remember, you vote against the compact of the ordinance
of 1787, expie?sly extended to that Terntoiy by act of Con-
gress. You vote aganift ' popular sovereignty,' and deny
to the people of Oiegon the light to 1 regulate their domes-
tic institutions in their own way.5 You vote for negro
eouajity, and plant your&elf in opposition to the Constitu-
tion of'>our country, which jou have swoin to suppoit.
You vote to deny to the white foreigner that which jour
enlarged philanthrophy claims for the negro who happens
to he born in the United States. You vote to keep a free
State out of tins Union—a State which comes on out own
invitation, and comes m the most oideily, regular, and ap-
piopriate way.' There are some of you that will not do this
thing, and some that dare not. Upon those who do. 1 in-
voke the condemnation of an intelligent and patriotic
people."
I read this extract of my colleague's speech
more particularly to call attention to the conclud-
ing remark, that there are some who will not
vote against the admission of Oregon because
they dare not. -It leaves it entirely questionable
as to whom the gentleman meant; but I wish to
say that I have made up my mind to vote for her
admission because I believe it is the best thing
which can be done under the circumstances. 1
have not labored for the last fifteen years of my
majority, in a hopeless minority, without know-
ing what it is to labor when 1 had no political
aspirations to gratify; and I shall not be deterred
from any responsibility by the threat of any one
that I may possibly find myself again with the
minority. The venerable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] knows, that so long ago as when
I gave my first vote for a member of this House,
and gave that vote for him, and when it was
comparatively unpopular to be called an anti-
slavery man, my sentiments were never con-
cealed; and, sir, as to the inherent right or wrong
of these questions, I'have not changed my opin-
ions from that day to this.
It is true there are objectionable features in this
Constitution. I do not believe that men any-
where ought to have a right to vote for members
of this House, or for officers of this Government,
until they become citizens of the United States",
and until they have thrown off, through the forms
prescribed by law, their allegiance and duty to
the Government from which they emigrated; yet
I would not vote against a constitution upon that
ground, because it is the right of every State to
sayfwho shall be her citizens, and who shall have
the right to vote. As was well said by a gentle-
man frtfm Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] this morning,
it is a power lodged in the State itself by the
Constitution; for when it says that members of
the House of Representatives shall be elected by
the people of a State, it expressly confers upon
the State the power to decide who shall vote for
Representatives.
There are other objectionable features. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
and the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark
B. Cochrane,] spoke in truthful terms of those
provisions of the constitution by which negroes
are shut out of courts of justice. I indorse the
whole of their sentiments upon that subject, and
I say I do not see how the framers of that con-
stitution could embod)' more cruelty in so many
words. But 1 do not arrive at the same conclusion
that they do; for the very effecUof that provision
will be to shut out negroes from that State; and
then, so far as residents are concerncd, it will
have no subjects upon which to operate. And for
the very reason stated by one of those gentlemen,
I believe that provision, so far as it is designed
to operate upon the citizens of another State, is a
nullity. It has no effect whatever, nor can any
vote of ours give it vitality, because it is a clear
violation of the letter and spirit of the Federal
Constitution. Therefore I do not see in this pro-
vision any insurmountable objection to the admis-
sion of Oregon. I know it has been said that
when it was attempted to assert the right of Mas-
sachusetts in that respect in South Carolina, the
attempt failed; but will the gentleman claim that
it failed because of the law ?wOr was it not rather
because the law was violated? And 'I will not
presume that the law will be violated again. So
far as the citizens of Massachusetts arc concerned,
or so far as the citizens of any other State are
concerncd, when they shall attempt m Oregon to
assert that they are citizens of those States, and
claim their rights as such, there can never be-a
decision against them, unless that decision is in
violation of the constitution. "Were it left for me
to decide whether that provision should remain
there, I would exclude it. We have a provision
in the constitution of the State of Indiana which
prohibits free negroesfrom cominginto that State;
but it was adopted against my vote. -
But, Mr. Speaker, we are charged that, be-
cause we oppose this provision, we are in favor
of negro equality. It may be for Buncombe that
this charge is made; and I would not notice it if
it did not seem to me that there was a little Bun-
combe in it. Why, sir, as has been well said by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark B.
Cochrane,] I did not dream that there was any
such thing involved as negio equality. I thought
that it was a question of humanity, and nothing
else. I thank my colleague for his definition of
! what before was a vague phrase. We know,
! now, what negro equality means. We will here-
I after know what it means, when the epithet is
hurled in our teeth by the other side. When
have the Republicans asked that, on the admission
of Oregon, it should be conccded that negroes
have the right of suffrage there.'' W^cn have
they made an issue on the other proposition, that
they should be allowed to settle there as citizens ?
What do we say r We simply ask—even if it is
true that they are degraded, that they are in-
ferior—that they shall have the right to go into
the courts of justice for a redress of their wrongs
and the protection of their rights.
We demand that, not in the name of negro
equality, but merely as an act of humanity, and
in pity for their condition. It was asked whether
we would be in favor, in the northern States, of
receiving the negro emigration from the South? I
would that there was not a negro upon this whole
continent; and that they arc here has been a mon-
strous wrong, from the first to the last. While
I would notencouragc their emigration to rfty own
State, I say, with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] I will never vote to exclude
them anywhere. It ig wrong in principle. It is
not because we do not like our own race the best,
because we have no* the preference natural to us,
but because that they *shall have dealt out to
them for their protection, and for redress of their
Wrongs, the common measure of justice.
Thus, sir, it will be seen that we have, at last,
& definition of the negro equality of which we
have heard so much in the canvass just'closed.
The Republican'party does not anywhere con-
tend that negroes should have the right of suf-
frage. They do not insist that negroes should be
our equals in association. They merely ask, as a
matter of sheer justice, that' their humanity shall
be recognized—that they shall^have the right to go
into the courts and redress their wrongs. Those
of us who are in favor of that are, it seems, in
favor of negro equality; and those who oppose it
are the pure Democracy. I accept the issue; and,
without retorting any of the epithets used by my
colleague, I am willing to meet him on that ques-
tion, even in Indiana. I do not believe that party-
lines have blotted out the humanities of the white
race. Gentlemen must see that there is a vast
difference between conceding equal political and
social rights to the negro, and yielding to him
the common rights of humanity. There is not a
slave State in the whole Union that has gone so
far as Oregon. There is not a slave State in
which a free negro cannot go into court and sue
for redress of his grievances. Yet will it be said
that those who come here from those States and
vote with my colleague are in favor of negro
equality? If it is an argument good against us,
it is good against every one of them.
I have stated that I did not rise to make a speech.
I simply repeat now what I said at the commence-
ment of my remarks, that I vote for the admis-
sion of Oregon in spite of provisions in her con-
stitution which I most heartily condemn. I vote
for it because I believe it is the best constitution
that we can flow get. I prefer that she should
be admitted under it, rather than that she should
longer remain under the corrupting influence of
tliis, rotten Administration. So long as she re-
mains subject to that influence, I shall expect
nothing better m her organic law. Once emanci-
pated from it, I shall hope to see her in due tunc
as just as she is free.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. J30NHAM. With the gentleman's con-
sent, I will give noticc that I will move the fol-
lowing amendment, at the proper time:
Add at the end of the hill:
Sfo. 6 Jliul be it further ennctcd, That this act shall not
take effect until, by a census duly and legally taken under
the dnection of the Secretary of the Interor, and to be taken
at the feailieet piacticable period, it shall be ascertained that
the population included and leading within the limits of
the proposed State of Oregon, equals or excccd& the latio
of representation required for a member of the Hou«e of
Kepresentanvcs of the Congress of the United States; and
should the census so to be taken, show a population equal-
ing oi exceeding flic latio of representation required lor a
member of the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, the President of the United States, so
„-oon as this tact u- duly made known to hnn, shall announce
the some by ptocianntion, and theieafter, and without any
hirtho) proceedings on the pan of Congress, this act. and
every part thereof, shall take effect, and the admission of
the State of Oregon into the Union, on an equal footing
with the original States ni all respects whatever, shall be
absolute anu complete.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am eon-
strained to oppose this bill for the admission of
Oregon as a State, with the constitution presented
by the peopje of that Territory. I would refer
the question back to that people, as proposed by
the amendment of which 1 have given notice, and
allow them without delay to frame a constitution
in conformity with the Constitution of the United
States. J
My opposition to this bill cannot be attributed
to any mere sectional prejudice. The geograph-
ical locality of Oregon excludes any such conclu-
sion as to myself. Oregon belongs to the North-
west—that portion of the country from which I
come, and which 1 have the honor, in part, to
represent on this floor. Nor can gentlemen at-
tribute my hostility to this bill to the considera-
tion that Oregon has not population equal to that
required bylaw for a Representative in Congress.
This constitution was adopted by the people of
Oregon 011 the 9th day of November, 1857. She
had not then, m my judgment, over fifty thou-
sand of representative population; even the Dele-
gate from that Territory [Mr. Lane] has not ven-
tured to say that she had then the representative
