982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
number. But, sir, although Oregon h$d not then,
and has not now,., the representative ratio-r-cer-
tainly no more pppulatidn than Kansas—I would
not exclude her on that account.
It does not become- gentlemen13^10 have sus-
pended the right of,petition in Kansas by the in-
famous provision of the conference act, to insist
that those of us on this side shall not only recog-
nize the rightinOregon tocomeinwith her present
population, but shall gr^nt their petition for ad-
mission even though it asks a departure from,
andan infraction of, the Constitution of the United
States. There never was any enabling act passed,
authorizing the people of Oregon to frame this
constitution. In my judgment,-no enabling act
was needful to authorize the people of Oregon to
frame £f constitution -and memorialize Congress
for admission underJt. Their right so td petition
Congress is inherent, andguarantied by the Con-
stitution. -But I ask why this right should be re-
garded in Oregon and foibidden in Kansas ? Gen-
tlemen have no right thus to discriminate; and if
they do, they cannot claim that they are the ex-
clusive friends of free States, and of their ad-
mission into the Union. They may prate that
to marines, not to old sailors. The Constitu-
tion declares that each State shall have at least
one Representative in Congress, irrespective of
population. Hence I conclude that the want of
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty
of population in Oregon ought not to exclude her.
Sir, the reasons which constrain me to oppose
the admission of Oregon, apply irrespective of
latitude or of any prevailing political sentiment
among the people of the proposed State. In my
judgment, sir, no Representative should inquire,
upon a question of the admission of a new State,
whether its locality be in the North or South, the
East or "West of the Republic; whether its people
range themselves politically as Democrats or Re-
publicans. 1 protest that no such sonsiderations
do now, nor have at any time, influenced my mind
upon this question. 1 look upon the erection of
new States and their admission into the Union as
an object of patriotic desire. No man doel or
can sympathize more warmly than myself with
the pioneers of American civilization—the found-
ers of new States, who extend the limits of the
Republic; who carry the arts of civilization into
the wilderness and make glad its solitary places
with the homes of freemen; who make your hith-
erto wild and uncultivated lands to yield their an-
nual increase, and your hitherto solitary rivers to
bear the products of a thrifty industry or contrib-
ute their motive power to the production of ne.w
wealth; whose rugged, busy hands energized by
the creative power of genius, uncover the im-
mense mineral deposits of the great West, sub-
ject them to the tried processes of science, and
mold them amid the darkness which broods over
the blast of the furnace and the rolling of the
wheel, into forms of strength and use and beauty.
Such men, sir, are entitled to our consideration,
and no man will more cheerfully or cordially than
myself, favor any legitimate or just legislation for
their benefit.
But, however much I desire the admission of
the new State of Oregon, 1 cannot consent to sanc-
tion the constitution now before us, by giving my
vote, fortius bill. I know, sir, there are those,
and amongst them, I regret to say, the gentle-
man f«om Massachusetts, [Mr. Thayer,] who
hold that we do not sanction this constitution
by voting for the bill admitting Oregon into the
Union. Thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thayer] said, that when he took his official oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
lie did not swear that other people should not
violate it. I tell that gentleman, and all who agree
with him, that every officer, Federal and State,
whether legislative, executive, or judicial, who
has taken that official oath which we have all
taken, to support the Constitution of the United
States, are bound in conscience and in law by that
oath neither to violate that Constitution themselves
nor to permit others to violate it by their act and
with their consent. What we do by another we
do ourselves. The fact, sir, cannot be gainsayed
that, by passing this bill, we sanction the Oregon
constitution, and make it the iundamental law of
that Territory. It is equally clear that, by our
rejection of this bill, thai instrument called the
constitution of Oregon will have no more effect
than the paper on which it is printed.
Suppose the proposed constitution organized
an absolute despotism; would gentlemen say that
th£y had no alternative left them but to register
their votes for it, and thereby give force and ef-
fect to it, because it was the will of the people in
that distant Territory, and republican in- form ?
The people of the Territory of Oregon have th£
sole right to frame a State -constitution for them-
selves, but they must so exercise that right as
not to embody in their constitution provisions re-
pugnant to the Constitution of the United States,
violative.of the rights of citizens of the United
States. In my judgment, sir, this constitution,
framed b'y-the people of Oregon, is repugnant to
the Federal Constitution, and violative of the
rights of citizens of the United States. , I know,
sir,'that some gentlemen have a short and easy
method of disposing of such objections as these,
by assuming that the people of the State, after
admission, may, by changing their constitution,
insert therein every objectionable feature which,
before admission,-they, were constrained to omit
in order to secure the favorable action of Con-
gress. If this assumption implies that new States
have the right so to do, to the infringement of
the-Constitution of the United States, and of the
rights of the citizens thereof, I deny the assump-
tion. If the assumption only means that they
might arrogate to themselves and exercise powers
which they do not possess, to the prejudice and
injjury of themselves, and in contravention of the
Federal Constitution and of the rights of citizens
of the other States of the Union, it only tends to
prove', if anything, too much, to wit: that new
States ought not to be admitted. Such reason-
ing, to my mind, proves nothing; or, if anything,
that we should consent to a violation of the Con-
stitution of our country, and of the rights of the
people, and the rights of the States, because the
same wrong might be done by others.
This assumption, sir, implies, that by the very
act of admission, under whatever form of consti-
'tution, you arm the new State with the sole power
over persons and property within its territorial
limits; and, therefore, however oppressive or un-
just its legislation may be, however odious or
unconstitutional, it is without remedy, and is re-
sultant from our action here. This assumption
supposes that the States are not limited by the
Constitution of the United States, in respect of
the personal or political rights of citizens of the
United States. I cannot agree to that; it is a
marked advance even upon the squatter sover-
eignty of the Kansas-Nebraska act, which, in ex-
press terms, limits the sovereignty of the people
by,-the expressive and significant words, that the
domestic iastitutions, which they are declared
" perfectly free" to form, must be 4< subject to the
Constitution of theUnited States." This assump-
tion ignores these words of limitation upon State
sovereignty, set forth in the Constitution of the
United States, to wit:" this Constitution, and the
laws and tieaties, made in pursuance thereof, shall
be the supreme law of the land, the constitution
and laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing."
I cannot give this Oregon constitution the force
and effect of law upon the assumption that, to re-
quire the people first to make it conformable to
the Constitution of my country and natural jus-
tice, is a mere abstraction^ that after admission
uponajust constitution, they may of rightchange
it to an unjust one, and by our act be armed with
the power to do so; and that, too, without tem-
edy. No man has any right to assume any such
result. What, sir, is a fetate, formed under the
Constitution of the United States, but a collec-
tion of citizens, each of whom is bound by the
restrictions of the Federal Constitution, and so
continue to be collectively after their States or-
ganizations, as they were individually before5
This is an old idea. It was entertained by the
fathers of the Republic, and by them incorpo-
rated in their early legislation for the government
of the Territories and the organization and ad-
mission of new States. I have seen this princi-
ple illustrated in this House since I have had the
honor of a place on this floor.
By the constitution of Illinois, all votes cast for
two of her Representatives, elected to the Thirty-
FourthCongress, weie declared void by reason of
disabilities imposed.upon them by the amended
constitution of that State. On this ground their
. seats were contested by gentlemen who received
all the legal votes cast, if the superadded restric-
tions of the State constitution of Illinois were to
be allowed to control the rights of the people un-
der the Federal Constitution. This House dis-
regarded the State restrictions, because it contra-
vened the-rights of the peopleaunder the Federal
Constitution, and decided that votes for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, given for persons having
the qualifications prescribed by the Federal Con-
stitution, were valid, the'State constitution to the
contrary notwithstanding. The conclusion that
any State constitution, or State law, which con-
flicts with the Constitution of the United States,
and impairs any right, political or personal, guar-
antied thereby, is null and void, logically results
from that provision which declares the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the laws and treaties
made in pursuance thereof, to be the supreme law
of the land. To the right understanding of the
limitations of the Constitutionof the United States
upon the several States, it ought not to be over-
looked that, whenever the Constitution guaranties
to its citizens a right, either natural or conven-
tional, such guarantee is in itself a limitation upon
the States; whenever the Constitution confers a
general power to legislate or make treaties, the lim-
itation arises only upon the rightful exercise of the
power. In the one case it is the Constitution, in
the other it is the statute* or treaty, that is the su-
preme law.
The Oregon constitution, in its first section,
second article, violates a law of the United States;
unless, indeed, your proposed act of admission,
being inconsistent with a preexisting law of the
United States, be a repeal of that law. I shall not
consider the question of the repeal of the nat-
uralization laws at this time. 1 take it for granted
that gentlemen who insist on the passage of this
bill, and the establishment thereby of this Oregon
constitution as the fundamental law of that Ter-
ritory, do not advocate a repeal of the naturaliza-
tion laws of the United States. The second sec-
tion of the second article of the Oregon constitu-
tion contains these words:
" En all elections not otherwise provided for in this consti-
tution," * * * * every while male ol for-
eign hirth, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, who
shall have refilled in the United States one year, and shall
have resided in this State during the Fix months immedi-
ately preceding such election, and shall have declared his
intention to become a citizen of the United States one year
preceding such election," -* * * * "shall
he entitled to vote at all elections authorized by law."
Now, sir, this is simply a provision that aliens,
upon one year's residence, after a mere declara-
tion of intention to become a citizen of the United
States, may vote at all general elections, foi* all
Federal and State officers ; that aliens, by reason
of one year's residence after a declaration of in-
tention, may elect your Representatives in Con-
gress and select the State Legislature to choose
your United States Senators, and elect presiden-
tial electors for the purpose of choosing a Presi-
dent and Yice President of the United States. I
do not hesitate to say that this presents the ques-
tion, whethera State may transfer the sovereignty
of the ballot, which is the ultimate sovereignty
of the country, to aliens, on one year's residence,
and a mere declaration of intention to become cit-
izens of the United States when it suits them, and
not before. If there were no other objection to
this constitution, I mightsurrender my individual
judgment to the bad precedents- in the cases of
the admission of Michigan, Wisconsin,and,more
recently, of Minnesota. I think such concessions
to new States most pernicious in policy and of
doubtful constitutionality.
By declaring his intention to become a citizen
of the United States, an alien doesaot renounce
his allegiance to the Government of his native
country, nor does he acknowledge any allegiance
to ours. He only gives notice that he may do bo
at his pleasure. He may never carry out his in-
tention, and there is no law to compel him. When
the Oregon enabling act passed this House, in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, it was so amended, by
an overwhelming vote of the House, as to limit
the elective franchise in the election of delegates
to frame a constitution for Oregon, and in the
ratification thereof, to citizcns of the United States.
That act never passed the Senate. But a like
amendment to the Minnesota enabling act was,
in the Senate, voted for by every Senator present
at the time, except one. The Constitution of the
United States, in its first article, provides that
