1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
the Representatives in Congress " shall be chosen
by the people of the several States;" and that the
electors shall have the qualifications requisite
for ^lectors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislatures of the several States. The
people here referred to are the same community,
or body-politic, called, in the preamble of the
Federal Constitution, "the people of the United
States." They are the citizens of the United States,
and no other people whatever. It has always
been well understood amongst jurists in this coun-
try, that the citizens of each State constitute the
body-politic of each community, called the people
of the State; and that the citizens of each State
in the Union are ipso facto citizens of the United
States. (Story on the Constitution, vpl. 3, p. 565.)
Who are citizens of the United States? Su',
they are those, and those only, who owe alle-
giance to the Government of the United States;
not the base allegiance imposed upon the Saxon
by the Conqueror, which lequired him to medi-
tate iii solitude and darkness at the sound of the
curfew; but the allegiance which requires the cit-
izen not only to obey, but to support and defend,
if peed be with his life, the Constitution of his
country. All free persons born and domiciled
. - • J • • 1 .. ./• ,1. _ TT*
United States of America, shfiil levy war against them, or j who should exercise the elective franchise in the
shall adhere to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort i general 'elections, either State or national.
within the United States or elsewhere, and shall be thereof h Thot'sueh is the true intent and meaning of the
convicted," *   * - - such person or pel- " - - -
sons shall be admitted guilty of treason against the United
States, and shall suffer death."—! United States Laws, page
112.
The Congress of the United States should not
consent that the sovereignty of the ballot, which
is the sovereignty of America, should be trans-
ferred by its act to those who may use it to aid
treason, and wiio may themselves levy war upon
us, and give aid and comfort to the enemy with-
out any legal responsibility for their acts.
Who would admit the adhering subjects^ of the
perjured House of Hapsburg to the use of a part
of the sovereignty of our country in aid of their
infamous master?
If I am right in this, sir, then I submit that the
elective franchise for the election of Federal offi-
cers, either directly or indirectly, should be con
Constitution, may well be inferred from the ex-
press provisions of the fourth and fifth section®
of the first article of the Constitution; the first of
which is, that the "times, places, and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representa-
tives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Le-
gislature thereof; but the Congress niajr, at any
! time, by law, make or alter such regulations, ex-
! cept as to the places of choosing Senators;" and
j the latter of which provides, that" each House
i [of Congress] shall be judge of the elections, re-
j turns, an'd qualifications of its own members."
Here is a power expressly given to Congress to
: prescribe, by law, the manner, as well as the times
choosing Representatives and Senators. This
power was manifestly conferred, as was also the
power in each House to judge of the elections of
' . i t .v  i a-
cers, either directly or muirecuy, snoum uu con- ,
fined to,and exercised exclusively by, citizens of;: its members, to enable the people of the Urnted.
. ■* i •,) • jt   t i .ijtnfnc oc- Am* nnlitif.- t.fi maintain their na—
the United States resident within the several
States. That the several States lmve, by the terms
of the Federal Constitution, the exclusive power |:
to regulate and control the exercise of the elective
franchise in all general elections, Federal and J
within"the jurisdiction of the United States, are e State, is conceded; but I do deny that any State
citizens of the United States from birth; all aliens 1 (-an rightfully, under the Federal Constitution,
become citizens of the United States only by act i transfer this great political privilege, in whole or
of naturalization, under thtj laws of the United J! jn part, from the citizens of the United States, ]
• • ' •'•••  " native and naturalized, to aliens, who owe no alle-
giance to our Constitution, who are not obliged
to bear arms in defense of our countiy, and who I
cannot be held to answer for treason if' they give
aid and comfort to the public enemy, or it they
themselves levy war against us. 11 the States
of'; may transfer this right in part to aliens, tliey
110 11 may give it exclusively to aliciis! What is the
' elective franchise, which you propose to give lo
aliens ? It is the sovereignty of A menca, secured !
bythe Constitution to the people, the citizens of
the United States resident within the several
States, and by the exercise of v.'hieh, directly or
indiiectly, the people appoint persons of their
choice to fill the legislative, judicial, ami execu-
tive departments of their own Government; make,
interpret, and enforce their own treaties and laws,
and do all other acts which a flee and independ-
ent people may, of right, do.
Between myself and gentlemen there is a per-
fect agreement in this, tliat the several States may
determine who, amongst the citizens of the Uni-
ted States resident within their respective limits,
may cxfercise the elective franchise; they may pre-
scribe the age of majority requisite to the exercise
of this right; the term of residence within the
Slate; whether citizens, male or female, shall vote;
whether a tax or property qualification shall be
States. What I have said on this question of
United States citizenship, and the words " the
people,"as used in the'Constitution of the United
States, is sustained by jurists and the decisions
of the courts, Federal and Stale.
Rawle wntcs as follows:
The citizens of each State constituted the citizen"
(he United i-tate  when the Constitution was adopted. Tl
i ighc winch appellant to then* 'is cnizti^ ol tlio.-c respect-
ive* Commonwealth's accompanied ihem m the <<>inuUton
ol lim gieat compound Commonwealth winch endued.
Thrj became citizen* of the lattei, without ceasing to be
citwn-  of ihc jormer; and he who was subsequently boin
a ciuzeH ol a rotate, became, at the moment of his bnth, a
citizen of the l*mted Stales.Rawlc on the Constitution,
page Sti.
Chancellor Kent says:
"it a slave, horn m tlm United States "be manumitted,
or otliciwi^e lawfulh iht-chaiged liom bondage, or il a black
man bo bom within the United States and born iree, ho he-
roines thenceloi ward a citizen."—2 Kent s Coin4th ed..
page 257—Note.
For the benefit of the other side of the House,
who professs n mote than Eastern devotion to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and its de-
cision in the Pred Scott case, I quote from the
opinion, of the Chief Justice in that case the fol-
lowing:
The words1 people of the United States,' and ' citizens,' .
are synonymous teims, and mean the same tiling. I hey <'
!; r equi're <1 -Ira 11 deny that any State may r.ghtfully
the power and conduct the Government thioueli their rep- : transfer this political right from the citizen to tile
resentative>.;'~~1 d Howard, 8. C. R., page 404. ^ alien, and it may be, to the open and avowee!
1 undertake to Kay that the terms " people of enemy of the country and the Constitution . Of
the United States," and "people of the several ;! the several States composing the union, there are
States,"as used in the Constitution of theUnited I, but four which, by their constitutions, comer the
States, have invariably received this judicial con- i'. elective francise upon aliens these are a.lmO'l-
struction in all ourcourta. State and national; and ern innovations; they are Michigan, Wisconsin,
on this point I challenge contradiction. : Indiana, (by her amended „Y.
Jn the same case, the same Court says further:
" li n true, every pei=on,'and cvdy class and description ,,   ,   - .
of pci.-ons, who were, at the time of the adoption ol the |i Qtsite Legislature. The words used in soo.t,. 1.1-
Cou.-titiition, lecogmzed as cui<ens m the several States, ; stanfes in the constitutions of some of the on-
nesota. This last State not only makes aliens
electors, but also declares them eligible to the
became al^o'citizens ot tins! new political body; i)Ut none
otl'.ei; it was ioimed by mem, and foi them and then pos-
tering but foi no one else. And the peisonal lights ami
pnvileces uunrtlltied to cmseiis (it thi- new sovereignty,
v. ere intended to enibiace those only who weie Ihen niem-
beiso! the seveial rftate communities, 01 who should alter- .
wauls. !e birt'nnaht, or ntheiwi-e, become ni uibci  accord-
ill" to tie"' piovi-imu of the Coirhtution, and the puncipl'-s
on which It was founded. It was the union ol those who
were, ot that time, meinbris of distinct and sepaiate politi-
cal communities into one political lanuly, who-e P°"'*>>
tor ce.to n speciM purpose-, w.i- to evtend over the whole
'inal States, and of the first of the nev,'_States,
such as "freemen" and " inhabitants,' have
generally, if not always, been construed to mean
and intend citizens.
The Constitution vcrv clearly imports that
' cetl bv law arc
only persons born here or vjLiiui'&ij'-* tl
citizens of the United SiaUw; for, in ptescnbwg
the qualifications of  v«n.i?ori? nnd representatives
in Congress, the Constitution employs the term
"citizens of the United States," andjn present-
ing" the qualifications of President of the United
States, it employs the terms, "natural-horn citi-
*■  ni thr> I'lmfd yen or a citizen of tht United Slates at the time
Ills of piopeity-itnuide baud uuiui ot the L.uted ^ • of [h!s Con3tltution. " These pro-
i visions, together wilh the expiess power con-
: fcired upon Congress to establish a uniform sys-
! tem of naturalization, are only intelligible upon
the hypothesis that citizens o! the United States
I are the free inhabitants, born and domiciled within
1 the United States, or naturalized under the laws
thereof, and that these alone are citizens, and
when resident within the several States, constitute
'. the body-politic, the people of the several States,
for ceita n speci'J'^d purpose-,
terntorv of the United States- And it gave to each citizen,
riciusj and privileges outside oJ tns State which hf did not
bu'oie por-fCts., and placea hi in in ovu/y other £tat«Mipon a
perfect cqnahry with lt-s own citi/.ens. ns to ngiitsol py^1'1}
and
{States.
The imnortance that attaches to this question
of who are citizens of the United States may be
mft irod from the fact that the fathers of the Re-
public nrovided that death should be the punish-
ment for tiu-.t dime, which only citizens can com-
mit. The first section of the crimes act for the
punishment of treason is the only statute of the
United States on that subject, ami is as follows:
> aheciance to the
States, as one body politic, to maintain their na.
tional Government under the peaceful operation
of law, against any and every attempt'on the part
of any of the Stales or the Legislatures thereof, to
interrupt or overthrow it; and above all, 1 main-
tain that these powers were conferred for the
especial protection of the political rights of the
citizens of the United States. How strongly
they proclaim the fact—one people, one Consti-
tution, and one country!
Sir, what are the distinctive political rights of
citizens of the United States ? The great right to
choose (under the laws of the States) severally, as
1 remarked before,either directly by ballot or indi-
rectly through their duly-constituted agents, all
the officers of the Federal Government, legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial, and through these
to maj;e all constitutional laws for their own gov-
ernment, and to interpret and enforce them; the
right, also, to hold and exercise, upon election
thereto, the several offlccs of honortofjiower.and
of trust, under the Constitution and Government
of the. U.nit! d States. It is worthy of remark that
every political righf guarantied by the Constitu-
tion of the United States is limited by the words
people or citizen, or by an official oath, to those
who owe allegiance to the Constitution. The right
to exercise the office of a Representative, or Sen-
ator in Congress is a political right, and, by the
terms of the Constitution, its exercise is limited
to citizens of the United States, being inhabitants
of the States in which, not by which, they arc
i choscn. The leservation of political powers is ft
reservation to the States or the people—both of
which terms import citizens oftheUnited Stales—
and limit the exercise of all reserved powers to
the citizens of the United States, acting as such
through their national or State organizations.
And in further illustration of my position I in-
vite attention to the significant fact that natural
or inherent rights, which belong to all men irre-
spective of all conventional regulations, are by
this constitution guarantied by the broad and
comprehensive word " person," as contradistin-
guished from the limited term citizen—as in the
fifth article of amendments, guarding those sacred
rights which are as universal and indestructible
as= the human race, that " no person shall be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property but by due pro-
cess of lav.-, nor shall private property be taken
v, ltliout pist compensation." And this guaran-
tee applies to all citizens within the United States.
That these wise and beneficent guarantees of po-
litical rights to the-citizens of tiie United States,
n-< "suelf, and of natural rights to all persons,
whetlur citizens or strangers, may not be in-
fringed, it is further in this national Constitution
provided:
"That this Constitution and the laws of the United States
winch shall he made m puisuance thereof, and all treaties
made. Ol which .shall be made, under the authority of the
I'liited StatLs, .shall he tlx1 supreme law ot the land, ana
me ind"es m every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in th'* Constitution or laws of any State to tlic contraiy
notwithstanding."—irtide dx of Amendments.
There, sir, is the limitation upon State sover-
eignty - simple, clear, and strong. No State may
, rightfully, by constitution or statute law, impair
' ar>Vof the.se guarantied rights, either political or
natural. They may not rightfully or lawfully
declare that the strong^ citizens may deprive the
weak citizens of their rights, natural or political;
and if the State should d'o so by enacting statutes
' to that effect, there stands the limitation of the
That if any person or person?, owing
