1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
98S
immunities of citizens of the United States. That
great instrument included in the new body pol-
itic, by the name of <s the people of the United
States," all the then free inhabitants or citizens of
the United States, whether white or black, not
even excepting, as did the Articles of Confedera-
tion, paupers, vagabonds, or fugitives from jus-
tice. Thenceforward all theseclasses, being free
inhabitants, irrespective of age, or sex, or com-
plexion, and their descendants, were citizens of
the United States. No* distinctions were made
against the poor and in favor of the rich, or
against the free-born blacks and m favor of the
whites. This Government rests upon the abso-
lute equality of natural lights amongst men. Thcie
is not, and cannot be, any equality m the enjoy-
ment of political or conventional rights, because
that is impossible.
The franchise of the office of a Representative
in Congress is a political right. It cannot be ex-
ercised by all; it is therefore limited to those who
possess the qualifications of citizenship, age, and
residence, prescribed by the Constitution, and
are duly elected by the majority of the people of
any State or district entitled so to elect. So the
elective franchise is a political right, which all
cannot exercise, and is therefore limited to some
citizens to the exclusion of others. An infant
in us cradle, the child of a citizen of the United
States, is also a citizen of the United States, but
has not the capacity to exercise this political right,
and is therefoie excluded from it. Practically,
political rights are exercised only by the majority
of the male population, and are subject to just
such limitations as the majority see fit to impose.
To this I have, and can have, no objection.
Gentlemen need not trouble themselves, there-
fore, about the demagogue cry of " the political
equality of the negro." Nobody proposes or
dreams of political equality any more than of
physical or mental equably. It-is ns impossible
fot men to establish equality in these respects as
it is for "the Ethiopian to change his skin."
Who would say tliatall men are equal in stature, I
in weight, and in physical strength; or that all t
arc equal in natural mental force, or nuntellectual j
acqunemeius: Wl*>, on the other hand, will be 1
bold enough to deny that ail peisons are equally i
entitled to the enjoyment of the rights of life and
hbeity arid property; and that no one should be
deprived of life or liberty, but as punishment for
crime; nor of his property, against his consent
and without due compensation 5
But it is not necessary to take time in demon- !
strating that all free persons born and domiciled j
within the United States are citizens of the Uni- |
ted States. The fact is notorious that, at the j
formation of the Constitution, but few of the j
Slates made color the basis of suffrage, and all of !
them; either by the woids or the constiuction of1
their constitutions, affirmed the factlhatall native- (
born free persons were citizens. Allow me to j
cite from those early State constitutions. New
Hampshire, hy her constitution ot 1792, dcclated ■
that every maie inhabitant of tiie State, twenty-
one yeais of age and upward, except paupeis and
peisons excused from paying taxes at their own ,
lequest, shall have a right to vote at all elections, j
This was construed to admit all but aliens. This j
constitution also declares that "all men aie bom ,
equally free and indepenMent.', Massachusetts, ■
by her constitution of 37S0, declared that ,s-all
men are boin fiee and equal, and have certain na- ,
tural, essential, and inahenabio lights, amongst
which are the nght of enjoying and defending life .
and liberty, and of acqumng and possessing
property." The same general provision for suf-
frage as New Hampshire, with a small property
qualification.
Rhode island, under the charter of Charles II.,
allowed negroes to vote, and recoguized them as
citizens.
Connecticut, under her charter, did the same.
New York, by the •constitution of 1777, gave
suffrage to. " every male inhabitant" upon six .
months' tesidenee, ami a propeity^ qualification.
All free peisons, then, born and domiciled in
any State of the Union,are citizens of the United !
States; and, although not equal in respect of polit-
ical rights, are equal in respect ot natural rights. '
Ailow me, sir, to disarm prejudice and silence the .
demagogue cry of *' negro suffrage,and " ncgio
political equality," by saying, that no sane man
evei seriously proposed political equality to all, for
the reason that it is impossible. Political rights
are conventional, not natural; limned, not uni-
versal; arid are, in fact, exercised only by the
majority of the qualified electors of any State, and
by the minority only nominally.
While, therefore, I lecognize the obligation of
the majority *o extend political privileges, so far
as consistent with the stability of good govern-
ment, to the largest number of the citizcns, I as
fully recognize the fact that all political privileges
are, and ought to be, under the absolute control
of the majority in a republican government; and
their will is, and should be, the law. But, sir,
while tins is cheerfully conceded, 1 cannot, and
will not, consent that the majoiity of any icpub-
lican State may, in any way, rightfully restrict
the humblest citizen of the United States m the
f lee exercise of any one of his mutual rights; those
rights common to all men, and to protect which,
not to confer, all good govern men is arc instituted;
and the failure to maintain which inviolate fur-
nishes, at all times, a sufficient cause for the ab-
rogation of such government; and, I may add,
imposes a necessity for such abrogation, and the
reconstruction of the political fabuc on a juster
basis, and with suier safeguards.
Of my resistance to the passage of this bill, sir,
and to the enactment into a law of this Oregon
constitution, let no demagogue say that it is a
mere negro question, and for making a negro
equal, politically, with a white man. I ask no
change of the law as it is written m the Federal
Constitution. I leave the Slates as thatconstitution
leaves them, free to regulate the elective franchise
among citizens of the United States; to extend it
to or withhold it at their pleasure Horn all colored
citizens, or only «ome of them; fiom all minois,
white or black; and, if they see lit, from the best
portion of the citizcns of the United States—from
all the fiee intelligent women of the 'and. Hut I
piotest against the attempt to mar that great
charter ot our rights, almost divine in its con-
ception and in its spit it of equality, by the inter-
polation into itof any word of caste, such as white,
or black, male or female; for no such word is in
that great instrument now, and, by my act, or
word, or vote, never shall be.
The equality of all to the right to live; to the
right to know; to argue and to utter, accc.ording
to conscience; to work and enjoy the produor of
their toil, is the rook on whu-h that Constitution
rests—its sure foundation and defense. Take
this away, and that beautiful and wise and just
structure, so full of the goodness and truth of our
fathers, falls. The clnum of that Constitution
lies in the great democratic idea which it embo-
dies, that all men, befoie the law, are equal in
respect of those i ights of pei son which God gives
and no man or State may rightfully take away,
cxccpt as a forfeiture for crime. Hefore your
constitution, sir, as i is, as I trust Hever will
be, nil men ate sacred, whether white or black,
lich or poor, strong or weak, wise or simple.
Before its divine rule of justice and equality of
natural rights, Lazarus m Ins rags is as sacred
as the rich man clothed in purple and line linen;
the peasant in his hovel, as sacred as the prince
in his palace, or the king on his thione.
I cannot con&ent to mutilate and destroy that
gieat instrument, i lie Cooetmuion of my country,
by suppoi ting a bill which, on Us face, gives effect
to a State constitution wh.cn denn s to citizens of
the United States the right of a lair tnai in the
couits of justice for the enfoicementof a light or
thft ledsess of a wion;
in <
T-P!
; this bill, sir,
I am duiug what 1 can to maintain the Constitu-
tion and tne honor oi my country. In opposing
it, I am doing what i can to secuie my counuy
from the shame and dishonor and crime of de-
elaimg, by«eulemn, wntten statute, in tavor of a
denial of justice to the citizen end su anger withm
our gates. Oh, sir, how will this burning dis-
grace, about to be enacted into law. hiss among
the nations, that your boasted trial by juiy is to
be withheld from eight bundled thousand of our
own citizens and their posterity, forever, because
they were so weak or so unfoi lunate as to be
born with tawny skins!
This provision, sir, which denies a fair trial in
the couits of justice, excludes the same class of
our fellow-Citizens, native born, forever from the
territory of that Strtie. This U not only a vio-
lation of ihat provision of the Constitution of the
United States to which 1 before referred, which
secures to the citi^fcns of each State the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in every State of
the Union; but it is, I maintain, a flagrant viola-
tion of t\m law of nature, as recognized by ever.y
civilized nation on the globe. It is, sir, the pub-
lic law of the civilized world, that every free man
is entitled to live in the land of his birth. Oregon,
by becoming incorporated into the Union, be-
comes part of the country of every American
citizen, and therefore no citizen of the United
States can rightfully be excluded from it. If one
State may rightfully do this, every State may;"if
it be right for one State thus to violate this law
of domicile, acknowledged by all the world, it
would be right for every State in the Union to
exclude every native-born colored man in Amer-
ica. What, in the name of Gody would you do
with these men, these eight hundred thousand
free, native-born men, of our common country!
hi the name of eternal justice, I deny this pre-
tended State right to exile any of its native-born
freemen, or deny them a fair hearing in mainte-
nance of their lights in the courts of justice.
No, sir; it was not to legalize this horrid in-
justice that America was allowed to assume her
proud place amongst the nations. It was not to
this end that the immortal Genoese,guided alone
by Providence and that tiny magnet which twin-
kles on its card like a beam of light, give to
the oppressed nations of the Old World this new
heaven and nesv earth. It was not to this end
that the Pilgrims came with their hymns of lofty
cheer;
" And the stars heard, and the sea;
Ami tlie sounding aisle* or' the dim woods rang
To the anthem ot the hee !"
It was not to this end that the fathers of the Re-
public put forth their great Declaration, and in
defense of it walked through the fire and storm
and darkness of a seven years' war. It was not
to this end" that God gave them the victory, and
set for them his bow in the cloud like a brightness
out of heaven, giving token that the wild deluge
of oppression and blood should not again sweep
over their habitations. It was not to this end
that, after the victory was thus achieved, those
biave old men, with the dust of Yorktown yet
fiesh upon their blows, and the blood of York-
town yet fresh upon their garments, proclaimed
to the world, and asked it to be held in everlasting
remembrance, " that the rights for which America
had contended were the rights of human nature."
Mr. SANDIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH. With the permission of my
! friend from Louisiana, I desire to say that yes-
! terday my friend and colleague fiom the sev-
; emh distuct [Mr. Davis] indicated his intention,
if he could obtain the floor, to move to recommit
i this bill with instructions to add an additional sec-
tion repealing the restrict!ve clause m the hill of
i last, session, reported by the committee of con-
ference in inference to Kansas. JNow, I have
made up my mmd, under all the circumstances of
the case, to vote for the admission ofOiegon. I
piefer to vote for the bill as it is. 1 merely wish
to say, howevei, that if my colleague should suc-
ceed in introducing his motion, a^id lean procure
the llooi, I desire to offer an amendment in the
nature of a substitute for las proposition, to re-
peal the restrictive clause in the Kansas compro-
; mise bill. 1 send it up for the purpose of having
it read and pnntetf.
The proposed substitute was read, as follows:
^rr- —. ho it further pretrial, That hereafter no
Teniiotv be admitted nno the Uino.i as a State witli
;l popul.iison ie-s lh.ni the number reqmn-d bv the then ratio
of i<'prv.-i'ritauon loi a Ri'prt'-rui.iiive in Cong es^, to be
o-eciianied bv a coiwu> taken m pursuance ofiaw.
S'lo.—. *rlndheit farther cnactcd, Tnat whenever any
1 Temiory Mm)1 contain sulfi'ni'iit population to constitute a
State. pre^enhf'} m the foiegouig section, the Legisla-
ture oi-uch Te:ntoi> may proceed to call a convention/or
the purpose of tunning a constitution, and may take all
necu rvtdiy Keps for tbef^toblLshmcnt of a State jjoveirnnent,
n\ eon.orniny with the Fedenil Constitution.subject to such
hmitat\Mons and le^tMcfon^ u< to the in>.d<: and inatmei of
: its appioval or lanhcatmn by the people oi ni<- p'opo-ied
■ St.tt<> as tb' y may have pn-M-ribed bv l.uv, ;uid --h.xil be on-
litied toariinwioii into the Union ana friate under such
constitution, tins- fairly <uid li'ira.h mair-. with or Without
M.'Vei \ , said < ori-tnution fhull p: lib"
: he it farther enu. te<h That for the purpose
1 ot osc ei tanuna whethei any 'JYmtory contain* the requisite
population to con-ntme a State, a ci-n- u-* of die inhabitants
ihoieof -ijall bo ta!;yn nnder the dr cctso'i of the Pie^tdent
of tne United States, upon appUcation being made theiefor
by the LcL'i.-iatnie oi Mich T'miUCnv.
; V, , . r. 7/1'/ i-nt fmthcr cna^fd!. That lS.i-5.ioj shnUhe,
, ard 1h rehy, uiCiTpuiattd and m:ul" p<ut oi the uigantc
