1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
State at the time of the adoption of this constitution, shall
ever come, reside, or be within this State, or hold any real
e&late, or make any contract, or maintain any suit, therein;
an a the LpgiMntive Assembly shall provide by penal tau-s for
the lemoval of all such-free negroes and mulattoes, and for
their effectual exclusion from the State, and [shall provide]
for the puniohmcnt of pci^ons uho shall bring them into the
State, or harbor them therein."
The second section, fifteenth article, (page 18,)
provides that:
"Every person elected or appointed to any office under
this constitution, shall, before entering upon the duties
thereof, take an oath oraffirmation to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and of this Stute."
The vote was taken at4 an election held on the
9th day of November, 1857, and was largely
against free negroes, which vote makes the section
first quoted part of the Oregon constitution, under
which admission is'asked. The preamble to the
United States Constitution, which is as binding1
and important as any of us subsequent sections,
declares that the Constitution was formed for cer-
tain purposes, amongst which is the important!!
one of establishing justice. It reads as follows: ;j
" We, the people of the United States, ni oider to form a jj
more peifect union, establish justice, liisuie domestic tian-
quility, provide for the common defense, promote the gcri-
eial welfare, and secure the blessings of libeity to ouiselves
and oui posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution
for the United States of Anienca."
Now, sir, can any civilized person say that the
provision in the Oregon constitution, which I have
recited, is not wijuU in the broadest and fullest
sense of the term? Does it not outrage all the
civilized ideas of justice, and is it not, therefore,
clearly against the declared purposes, and the
spn it of the Constitution ? I am not here consid-
ering the negro's right to political equality, nor
even asserting his light to liberty; but 1 do assert
his right to life, and to the protection of his per-
son, which this constitution unjustly denies.
Sir, the free negroes and mulattoes of the United
States are not trespassers upon the soil of the
country,tobehuntedand driven fiom itas wrong-
doers. Can we deny them a home and all the
rights of humanity in the land of their birth? Then-
ancestors came here with our ancestors. They
have no country but this; no home but here; no
God but ours. Have gentlemen who arc so firm
in their opposition to the evils and wrongs of
slavery, and who have done so much to prevent
its extension ia Kansa's, reflected well upon the
tendency of such action, by free States, as we are
called upon to indorse and approve if we accept
the Oregon constitution ? If free negroes and mu-
lattoes aie to be hunted down like demons in the
free States, and driven from their borders like
lepers, what else are we doing but driving them j
into slavery ? j
But 1 have been told that the section against j
free negroes in the Oregon constitution was placed j
there by the free-State men to prevent the adop- ;
tion of a slave constitution. Well, if it is necrs- i
saiy, anywhere in the United States, to indorse j
and adopt such monstrous and revolting doctrines j
as this section contains, to get rid of slavery, I !
think it is high time that we should abandon iiU
fuither opposition to that institution. I do not !
believe that there can be found, m all the consti- ;
tutions of the slave States combined, so much in- I
humanity and rank injustice as this single section I
of the Oregon constitution contains. Let us ex- '
amine it and understand itj*scope and effect: !
" No negro or mulatto not in the State on the Oth of !
November, 1857, shall ever come, resale, oi be, witinn the
State *' ;
Now, sir, any child borri of negro or mulatto, '
patents in Oregon, since that day, was not there j
then, but is there now, contrary to the constitu- ;
tion; and the Legislative Assembly, if we give vi- j
tahty to this constitution by our votes here, must j
provide by penal laws for the removal of such j
negro or mulatto child, and for the punishment ;
of the parent whose child was botn within the |
State. It has been said that it could not have j
been the intention of the framers of t,ius section j
to separate the child from tiie parent; but I would j
like to know what stronger language could Imvu .
been used, piovided they had intended to deny j
the light of patents to keep their children there? j
If they did not intend to separate the child from i
its mo'ther, they doubtless did intend, by this pro- I
vision, to bring into service the strongest induce- |
ment to incline the parent to leave the State, that ;
she imsht be with her child. But can the phun j
provisions of a constitution be disregarded by le- i
gislators and officers sworn to support it, upon the
pretense that the framers could not have intended
.what their language plainly imports?
I protest against the right of any State to deny
any free-born American, who is guilty of no crime,
the right to be, that is the right to exist, in the
land of his birth. Sir, a band of States, with con-
stitutions like this around the sjave States, would
not only be a wall of fire to prevent the escape of
those now in bondage, but a net, to gather into
slavery all free persons, in whose veins flows the
blood of the unfortunate African. Why, sir, this
Oregon constitution is as much worse than a pro-
slavery constitution, as the man who drives a
wretched, famishing creature unfed from Ins door,
is worse than him that heeds his supplications,
and for,his labor gives him bread-arid a home.
But there is another clause that deserves atten-
tion:
*• No negio or mulatto shull maintain an*, suit therein."
If a negro or mulatto should go into the State,
even to attend the funeral of relatives, or enter it
unconscious of the laws prohibiting lnm, or be
within the State for any purpose, or under any
circumstances, they might not only be despoiled
of their property without remedy, but they would
also be remediless, if tortured, violated, or even
mutilated ! And is it possible that the American
Congress will admit a State with a constitution
that denies all redress to a human being for vio-
lations of peison, and by the votes, too, of inem-
beis whqwould hesitate to vote for the admission
of a slave State? Is it not manifestly \Snjust to
deny to any fiee-born American, guilty of no
crime, the light of home in the land of his fathers ?
If it is admitted, as 1 think it must be, that such
denial is unjust, then it is unconstitutional; and,
if unconstitutional, then we violate our oaths m
giving sanction, by our votes, to a violation of
both the le.tter and spirit of the Constitution which
we have sworn to suppoit.
Sir, m conclusion, i protest, in the name of jus-
tice, against this inhumanity; and, in the name of
humanity, against this injustice.
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to give way for a recess.
Mr. STEVENSON yielded the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, I object.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. There are many gentlemen
here who wish to address the House on this ques-
tion; and I suggest that those gentlemen who
wish to go to their dinners had better go; and the
discussion can go on in their absence, without ,
any lecess. % !
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not press my mo-
tion. I made it at the instance of several gentle- '
men.
Mr. STEVENSON. Idonotrise.Mr. Speaker, ;
with a view to go at length into this protiaced
discussion*. I have risen merely injustice to my-
self, to give the reasons which will actuate me in
voting for the admission of Oregon. Whatever
may be the term of my service on tins floor, I
shall never give a vote which mote fully com-
mends itself both to my head and hcaitthan that
which will record me in favor of the admission
of this State. I find in that vote no inconsistency ■
with the vote whwh i was called upon to give on ■
the Enslibh compromise measure for the admis-
sion of Kansas. If gentlemen on the other side—
not only the gentleman from Penns) lvania, [Mi.
Grow,] who made the nunonty report, but others
who sustuin him—will examine their own iec-
orde, it is not improbable they will find some
moie glaring inconsistency than any that can be
construed from the ^otes of gentlemen from slave-
holding States for the admission of Oregon.
I acknowledge myself, Mi. Speakei, to be a
firm believer in that conservative rule of action
established by the English proposition, as a fu- ,
ture basis for the admission of new States—that
no Terruoi y ought to be admitted as a State into ;
this Union until she has a population equal to the |
ratio of representation. I adhere to that doctrine
yet. It commended itself to my judgment then,
and I still appiovc of it. Rut there is no incon-
sistency m an approval of that doctrine with the
vote which I propose to give on this measure. ■
To my judgment, the two votes aie in perfect,
harmony. We agreed by the English bill to ad- ■
out Kansas with a population less than the ratio k
of representation. If the people of Kansas had
chosen to come in by an acceptance of pro-
visions of the English bill, would the State not
have been admitted with less than the ratio ..of
representation ? Clearly so.
We proposed to admit Kansas ayear ago, sub-
ject to an approval by the popular vote, with less
than the population required by the English
amendment; and had the people of Kansas ac-
cepted the terms of that bill, Kansas would have
this day been a coequal sovereignty in this
Confederacy, with a population less than that
of Oregon, and Jess than the ratio declared in
the same*bill to be requisite for the admission
of future States. Why, then, this exception in
favor of Kansas ? Not, as u has been alleged in
this debate, that we feared revolution and blood-
shed. No, sir: I here solemnly declare, no such
motive actuated my vote; I was, I trust, guided
by a lofuer, and more patriotic purpose. Justice
demanded a relaxation of this rule, as to pending
applications. Kansas had gone through all the
regular foims of law, and, Cinder an implied ac-
quiescence of Congress-, prepared itself to put on
the habiliments of State sovereignty, before that
rule wasadopted. A convention had been called,
a constitution had been adopted, and the State
itself was knocking loudly for admission. Would
it havfc been just to Kansas to have applied a new
rule as a barrier to her admission, which, however
wise, just, and conservative to alf Territories
which had taken no miatory steps foradmission,
had never been applied in the past, and which
Kansas could not have suspected would have been
demanded as a sine qua non for her admission ?
On the contrary, she had rather been encouraged
by Congress to apply Cor admission, and thus put
an end to the strife and intestine disorder which
must for many years prove a stigma upon her
escutcheon. .  
This constituted the exception from the rule in
the English bill towards Kansas. The same rule
would apply to and exclude Oregon, were it con-
ceded that she had not the requisite population.
The distinguished gentleman fi om Georgia has
ably presented to this House his data for assuming
that Oregon has at this hour more than one hun-
dred thousand inhabitants. The gallant and pat-
riotic Delegate from lhatTemtory has, upon his
personal veracity, stated tons that he has not the
slightest doubt but that the population of Oregon
largely exceeds the present ratio. This would
seem to be sufficient, especially as there is no
proof to contradict it. If the rule prescribed by
Mr. Madison himself in the case of Tennessee is
to prevail, Oregon has the requisite population
lequired by the English bill, and ous;ht to receive
the vote of every member in this Hall.
I avow ftankly, Mr. Speaker, if I had great
doubt as to the population, 1 should promptly
vote for this measuie. The same considerations
which exempted Kansas from the operation of
the English bill apply, in my judgment,with four-
fold force to Ongon. No disorder, riots, or
bloodshed, stain her garments; no sectional dis-
sensions have retarded her prosperity; no irregu-
larity has marked her proceedings in the adoption
of her constitution. She presents the spectacle
of a happy, united, and prosperous people, with
a republican constitution, asking a place in this
Union of States. That constitution was adopted,
and that application made, long prior to the pas-
sage of>the English bill. Kansas was excepted
from the operation of the provisions of that meas-
uie; end, upon similar grounds, I propose to
except Oregon.
Apply this trule to Dakofah, Arizona, Nevada,
Jefferson, and each and every Territory which
had not adopted its constitution, and was not ap-
plying for its admission at the period of its adop-
tion ; but do not, I pray you, extend it to inchoate
States, which had peacefully adopted their con-
stitutions under the quasi invitations from Con-
gress, that they would be gladly welcomed into
tins brotherhood of States, and' would have no
test of population applied to them. Simple justice
would seem to demand this much at our hands.
Is it nc.t this rule of action, Mr. Speaker, pre-
scribed m all our civil and legal proceedings? If
public policy requite and demand the change of
a legislative enactment, and a new rule of action
be required, are not all pending suits usually ex-
empted from its operation ? Would it not be the
essence of despotism by the ex post facto opera-
