988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tism-of legislative enactments to regulate pending
contrives sies ?
I shall not attempt to ar«"ue the obligation vest-
ing upon us ior the admission of Oregon with a
population of sixty thousand, as resulting from
the adoption of the ordinance of 17$7. That has
already been done by gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me, and by none with more ability than by
my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] who
opened this debate.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
persuade themselves it is-a just ground of objec-
tion to the admission of Oregon, because persons
of color are not permitted by the constitution to
sue in their courts.
I deny that Congress can look into a constitu-
tion of a State but for the purpose of seeing that
it is republican. I will resist such a right at
every hazard. Our Republican friends, however,
will, I trust, not become agonized over this pro-
vision. The mighty outrage is a mere chimera
of their excited imaginations, Ir is not an un-
usual provision. The exclusion in many of the
States, and in the free States, too, is not confined
to free negroes. Infants, femai covert, and luna-
tics cannot sue except by the intervention of a
prochein ami, or a trustee; and yet such enact-
ments have received the sanction of the wisest
and best statesmen in the land. Our slaves can-
not sue except through ihe intervention of a third
party, and yet our courts are open to the asser-
tion of any alleged right of freedom. I beseech
gentlemen to examine carefully the statutes and
constitutions of many of the free States, and they
will agree with me that this is no ground of ex-
clusion, if Congress possessed on tins ground the
power of inhibition.
I beg gentlemen to look to the consistency of
their own record. Many of them were zealous
advocaiftespf the Topeka Kansas constitution, and
by its terms, five negioes, if I am not mistaken,
were excluded from the Ten ttoi y, and that Kan-
sas ostiacusm was sustained by a popular vote.
Where was then the indignation and horror of
that portion of the Republican party, who arc now
so much outlawed at a simple dental of the right of
a free negro to institute a suit m his own name ?
It is not argued that any right is denied, and
that justice cannot be obtained by suit in the name
of an intervening P^rty, which is the exact rule
prescribed even in slave States to white persons
who are infants, married women, or lunatics.
Some of my American friends, and perhaps two
of my colleagues,tire horrified at tins application,
and cannot affoid to vote furOregon. Why' Be-
cause, they say, it allows alien suffrage in its
cons! i tut so n.
Air. Speaker, I have already, upon a former oc-
casion, announced on this floor that I am not an
advocatrl'ora!i"n suffrage. I think, with the ready
mode of acquaint citizenship affoided by our ex-
isting laws, it is proper and just to limit suffrage
to citizens. Such a conservative uile would al-
ways meet my approbation. What right, how-
ever, has Congress to loMc-mto the provisions of
a constitution of a sovereign State which is. repub-
lican, and place iU opinion, as to the wisdom of
its provisions, m direct antagonist! to the State
which has adopted it, and on whose people it is
obligatory 5 If Congress has u right to look into
it for one purpose, it may look into it for another;
and should a Republican mnjoi ity have the sway
of this House, the atgument now urged by South
Americans might be used as a weapon for their
own destruction.
I think, too, our American friends must again
look to the rocoid, or they may be suspected of
inconsistency. If I remember aright, the woid
" citizen,4' as adopted m the Ciittenden bill for
the admission of Kansas, was stricken out, and
the word " inhabitant" inserted m the Montgomery
amendment, for which all our American inends
voted. I should, besides, suppose that our Amei-
ican friends, from the slave States, might safely
afford to support a measure which has received
the sanction of at least one, if not two, of their
prominent candidates for the Presidency. Surely
my two American colleagues from Kentucky,
could afford to tread where the distinguished Crit-
tenden led; and when this bill for the admission
of Oregon, icttuved hu support and vote, in Me-.y
last, when the population was not as great as it is
now, itphould receive a favorable support at their
hands. The alien tufnage feature of this bill was
not formidable enough to drive Mr. Crittenden
from its support, and 1 regret that it cannot re-
ceive the support of my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I put my support for the admis-
sion of Oregon on even higher grounds. I belong
to, and, in part, represent, a State which geograph-
ically lies in the center of this Union. She has,
and always intends to stand by it. She can sym-
pathize with no extreme which aims at its dis-
ruption. But Kentucky looks to the Constitution
as the bulwark of her rights and the great pala-
dium of her safety and the only bond of that
Union. As her adopted son, I revere her devo-
tion to that great charter of our rights. By being
transplanted from my own Virginia, I have, I :
trust, never lost sight of the early lessons of strict
construction an'd State rights in which I was
brought y^p-
That same institution, sir, of which we are both
alumni) "and of which we can be so justly proud,
should disown us and discard any son who could
ever forget the lessons which he learned in that
institution, or prove recreant to the principles of
the great founder, whose crowning work it was,
and who sleeps so calmly on Monticello's sum-
mit, in its sight. As there brought up, so I this
day stand—a strict constructionist; looking to the
Constitution and its guarantied rights as the only
palladium of our safety. And when I hear gen-
tlemen from some of the extremes of this Union
alarmed at the fact that the scepter of power has
passed from the slave States which founded this
Government, to the free ones,* and that with that
this change must ultimately destroy this Union,
I do not yield my assent to any such doctrine.
No Government can stand upon mere parchment.
The affections of the inhabitants of these States,
which have swelled from thirteen to thirty-two,
must be centered in and desire the continuance of
the Union, or it will not last. The exactions of
the Constitution must find a piompt acquiescence
I in evety heart and m every section.
i You might as well expect to make a man a
, ChiJfetian and imbue him with the spiiitof Chiis-
, tianity by taking him into a church and showing
■ him the ten commandments engraved upon tablets
i of wood or stone, as to expect that this Union
! can be kept alive and perpetuated without the at-
[ tachment of eveiy section of the country, and a
, determination to stand not only by the rights of
; each State as guarantied by the Constitution, but
1 by that fraternal spirit in which it was formed.
1 stand by this Confederation; and one of the
, proudest votes that I shall ever give will be that
| which I.shall give in favor of the admission of
J Oiegon. It will give the lie to the charge which
' has been made, that southern men voted for the
. admission of Kansas, and were willing to violate
' the rule in regard to population, because Kansas
; \va< a slave Stare. I repudiate it for Kentucky;
1 1 repudiate it for myself. I am willing to see
1 ftce and slave States come in equally, when they
come in with republican constitutions. I believe
' they ouifht not to be admitted without a popula-
, tion equal to the ratio of representation.
; But 1 would not extend that rule to Oregon,
| because we did not extend it to Kansas; and it
: was not intended, in my judgment, that it should
■ be extended to States that had already applied to
coma m and were knocking tor admission at the
doors of Congress. And, sir, I am willing to
stand to the day of judgment upon this vote. My
constnuen^y will approve it; Kentucky will ap-
prove it. By it I prove that I know no sectional-
ism. 1 cannot go to the extreme of some 6f my
southern friends. I do not believe that slaveiy
is so likely to destroy this country as corruption,
as centializatian, as consolidation. There is the
souice of my great fear. I would like to ^ee the
expenditures of this Government reduced to that
which but ten years ago was regarded as entirely
ample. They can bear that reduction.
I always thought it was a great error in the
great men who wrote—in defense of the Constitu-
tion when it was framed—those essays now pub-
lished under the name of The Federalist. When
they conceded the great powers of this Govern-
ment, they did it honestly—from a patriotic zeal
to have that Constitution adopted; and they were
led naturally into the error; because the Articles
of Confederation had failed, from the weakness of
, the Government. They behevod that tho State
governments would b<> too strong for the Federal
i bantling. But now, if they could rise from their
graves, and see that the rights of the States are
practically repudiated,and every day crushed by
the mastodon of consolidation; when a vitiated
and cormorant thirst for public plunder can be
only satisfied by a prostitution of the purposes of
the General Government, by the increase of offices
and patronage; when we have agricultural Patent
Office Reports, Mechanical Reports, and now ag-
ricultural colleges, with compensation and* per
diem to its members, they would ask themselves
" is it possible that the human intellect can un-
dertake to justify all these things, under a Gov-
ernment which we supposed, when we founded
it, was one of limited powers, and confined to its
enumerated powers, "supposed to be essential to
the mutual defense and preservation of these sov-
ereign States, who parted with only so much of
their sovereignty as was necessary for effectu-
ating the objects of their union? " It was then
the centrifugal,and it is now the centripetal,power
that threatens us. ,
There is but one remedy for all this. As long
as you have protective tariffs, and large surpluses
m the Treasury, there is always an, incentive to
corruption and extravagance. Let us all come
back, and, by a State-rights, orthodox construc-
tion, bring back the operation of the "Federal
Government to its original design. Let us con-
strue it strictly, then, and endeavor to restrain the
General Government from every power which is
not legitimately conferred by the Constitution.
I believe, if we can cut off all the extravagances
of the Government, stop ail those bounties to par-
ticular classes which are a tax upon all the pro-
ducers, and reduce the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment to the smallest sum upon which it can
be carried on, the Government is safe.
1 am not a sectional man, though I always
cling to the section in which I Was born, and in
which I expect to live and die; but I repudiate
the idea of the Virginia strict construction and
States-rights principles, when properly illus-
trated and carried out, as looking to disunion. I
i think they bear transplanting, and become more
| practical in Kentucky; and I am pained to see any
. Representative from the Old Dominion voting
1 against Oregon, ansi thereby giving aid and com-
! j fort to the enemy, who will attempt to show that,
p while they could vote for Kansas without the pop-
;! ulation, as a slave State," they cannot admit Or-
j| egon because it is free. Admit the injustice of
the argument, and its want of tiuth; we have
heard it used already on this floor, and it will be
continued to be used for the purpose of sectional
excitement. I hope that every southern man will,
by his vote, contradict such a charge.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentleman
give way for a motion that when the House ad-
journsitadiourn to meet to-nightat seven o'clock?
Many members have left, intending to return at
that time, and continue this debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only enter-
tain the motion by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. CLx\Y. If the gentleman from Virginia
: will yield, I will move that the House do now
adjourn.
lj Mr. MILLSON. That would hardly be fair
I: to the gentlemen who desire to speak to-day on
i. this bill.
|! Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, If we adjourn now
i! there will be no further discussion allowed. There
j1 are others who desire to speak.
| Mr. CLAY. I will not press my motion. De~
I bate, however, does not close until twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
:i Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
j tended to tyke part in this debate; and, if I had
| consulted my private feelings, I should still re-
i frain from any participation in the discussion of
j this question. Ijut, sir, allusions have been fre->
I quentjy made to the position of gentlemen, of
whom I am one; and complaints have been urged
] that those gentlemen from the South—oftheDem-
: ocratic party of the South—who have not been
,j able to see that their duty would permit them to
j! votefoi the admi&sion ofOregon, have been acting
'j somewhat ungraciously towards those northern
'! Democrats, who, as it is said, at our instance and
jl to promote our interests, united with us in the
ii attempt to introduce Kansas into the Union as a
;[ slave State.
\< Now, Mr.,Speakers 1 have ilsen more for the
