1859.
THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
purpose of assigning for myself and for others
who a^ree with me, the special reasons which
have biought us to rhe conclusion at which we
have arrived, than with any view, or hope, orex-
pectation, that any impression could be made
upon the minds of gentlemen in this Mali. I stand
now, where I stood for years, in reference to this
question of the admission of Oregon. Four years
ago, and again two years ago, I opposed, by vote
and by argument, the passage of the bill ptopos-
ing to authorize the people of Oregon to make a
State constitution, with a view to admission into
the Union. I did so simply and exclusively on
the ground of the absence of the requisite popu-
lation then. That objection remains now, and it
is the only objection I propose to make the sub-
ject of remark. In the speech which I made a year
or two ago, in reference to the Kansas question,
I distinctly stated my own conviction that it was
not the province or the privilege of Congress to
inspect a {Statu constitution^ and that we could not
judicially 01 officially know what any State con-
stitution contained.
Mr. BOWIE. Upon what authority, judicial
or official, does the gentleman assume that Ore-
gon has not the requisite population? The gen-
tleman assumes a fact whtc.h is not true.
Mr. MILLSON. f could with much more pro-
priety ask the gentleman how he knows that there
are ninety-three thousand inhabitants? *
Mr. BOWIE. They assert so, and the gentle-
man has no proof to the contrary.
Mr. MILLSON. There should be affirmative
proof. **•
Mr. BOWIE. Not at all.
Mr. MILLSON. I decline to yield for further
interruption. It was to the very point of insuf-
ficiency of population that I*rose to address the
House. In 1854, in a discussion between the
Delegate from Oregon and myself, he expressed
the opinion that there were then*sixtyor sixty-
five thousand inhabitants in Oregon, and his de-
claration was that the population of Oicgon in-
creased so rapidly that no census could be relied
upon, because in the intei val between the taking
of the census and its transmission to Washing-
ton, there would be an increase of perhaps five
thousand votes. Well, sir, the very next year,
notwithstanding this supposed large increase, the
census ascertained the population to be only forty-
three thousand. The gentleman from Oregon, no
doubt, most conscientiously supposed it to be
about sixty-five thousand m 1854, but the census
disclosed the population to be only forty-three
thousand one year afterwards. He also said, at
that time, that the vote given at the election the
year before was about eight or nine thousand.
Last year the vote was ofily ten thousand, and if
we adopt thatas the basis of calculation, it would
reduce the population of Oregon at this day to less
than forty-five thousand.
Mr. CLAY. Will my friend from Virginia
allow me to ask him a single question?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CLAY. 1 wish'to know whether my friend
from Virginia considers it essential, absolutely
essential, thata State should have the exact num-
ber of ninety-three thousand fourhundied people
before she is admitted into the Union?
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, the admission
of States into this Union is a question of high
congressional discretion; and if that discretion be
abused, it is as competent to admit a State with
a population of five thousand, as it is competent
to exclude a State with a population of five mil-
lion.
Mr. CLAY. I * onld like to ask mv friend from
Virginia, with his permission, one oilier question.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 yield to the gentleman tor
that purnos-".
Mr. CLAY. It is thh: whether, in his opinion,
when a State presents herself at the door-? of Con-
gress, knocking for admission, wiih all the evi-
dence upon the question of population in favor
of her having sufficient, but with some doubt on
the question, it is not wiser for the statesmen of
this body to give that State the benefit of that
doubt, rather than to exclude her?
Mr. A1JLLSON. I will answer the gentleman
thus: I am not one of those progressive Demo-
crats who look with complacency upon the ex-
pansion of our terntorv, and the multiplication
of the States of the Union. Sir, I look with
alarm, with apprehension, and even with dread,
to the possible consequences of the indefinite mul-
tiplication of new States. I look With apprehen-
sion to the. day when we may have a hundred
States, and when, perhaps, the" Senate will be a
larger and more unwieldy assembly than the
House of Representatives. When we must admit
new States, 1 yield to the necessity, but I will not
run to meet it. Prove to me that a Territory con-
tains a population equal to the ratio of represent-
ation upon this floor, and then, leluctantly, I will
give my vote for its admission. But I say I do it
reluctantly,becausc nostatesman can contemplate
without serious alarm the results which may hap-
pen from the expansion of our Union to so great
an extent. If we did not fall to pieces from our
own weight, we should, at least, expose our fed-
erative system to a severe trial.
I, sir, am not at all moved by the considerations
alluded to by the gentleman from Kentucky, [.Mr.
Stevenson.] . I am not acting either m a sectional
or a partisan capacity.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not intend tu in-
clude my fnend fiom Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. Reference we,*? made just now
by the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sanoidge]
to the ungrateful attitude in which he supposed
southern men placed themselves in urging the ad-
mission of Kansas, and repelling the admission
of Oregon. AM. I have to say in relation to that
is, that he must have been a very inattentive ob-
server of passing events who did not know that
Kansas would have been an unfriendly State,
while Oiegon Will pcihaps be a hiendly one; and
that, m urging the admission of Kansas into the
Union, we were even making concessions to the
Noith. Who was unaware of the complexion of
the people of Kansas ? Who was ignorant of the
fact that the State of Kansas, when brought into
the Union, would be no ally or friend of the insti-
tutions of the South? The gentleman, then, in-
stead of taxing us with ingratitude, should ha\e
given us credit for magnanimity.
In lefusmg now to give my vote for the admis-
sion of Oregon, except upon the adoption of the
amendment moved by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bonijam,] 1 do it upon the prin-
ciple that we ought not, in the meie pursuit of
temporary an'd fugitive advantages, to sacrifice
important principles. Sir, this introduction of
new States, this creation, this manufacture of
new States with inference to any particulai emer-
gency in public affairs, is something like the cre-
ation of new peers in the British House of Lords
for the purpose of carrying a favorite measure
which the sovereign may desue to accomplish.
I will have none of it.
Mr. CLAY. I hope my friend from Virginia
does not mean to say that gentlemen on his side
of the Mouse, gentlemen born in the same State
in which he was born, gentlemen descended trom
those who were born in the same State where he
was born,gentlemen who are guided by the same
principle which the great statesman of his State
ennunciated—1 refer to Air. Madison and his
opinion in the Tennessee case; I say. I hope that
my fiiend from Virginia does not impute to them
partisan motives winch he has for himself dis-
claimed
Mr. MILLSON. I can only say I do lwt per-
ceive the application of the gentleman's remaiks.
Mr. CLAY. 1 can explain, if the gentleman
will permit me. My friend was going on to argue
that the motives which actuated gentlemen in
reference to the admission of Oregon into the
Union was a motive based upon partisan grounds,
because ori-gon might be cither Demociatic or
Reniiblican^that gentlemen weie to be governed
by the fact ia t'i-' votes (hey might cast. That
was (he line rf the argument.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 will say generally, for the
satisfaction of the gemlemnn, ihat such an impu-
tation was not m my heait, and I donot know
that it was in my words; and 1 think, if the gen-
tleman will hereafter consult the report of my
remarks, he will not find it there. It suffices to
say that I am not in the habit of imputing im-
proper motives to anybody m this Hall, and
nothing was further from my intention than to
imply that any gentle iiuii would be influenced by
any unworthy or improper motive, m casting the
vofe he should give.
I am discussing the question upon the views
which sugirested^themselves to my own mind,
without designing to reflect upon any one. I speaK
for myself, and say that, in voting for or against
Oregon, we should notyield to such considerations
as sometimes induced a new creation of peers; and
surely a disclaimer of any such motive upoa my
part cannot be regarded as an a&criptipn of such
motives to others.
Mr. LAMAR. As I understand the gentle-
man, he is making the insufficiency of the popu-
lation.of Oregon Ins chief ground of o jecuon to
the admission of that Territory as a State. I
would merely inquire if Kansas was not subject
to the sa«fic objection at the time the gentleman
cast his vote in favor of hec admission ?
- Mr. MILLSON, Whether Kansas was or was
not subject to that objection, I really do not know.
There was no evidence before us of the popula-
tion of Kansas; but if the gentleman recollects,
and I presume he does not, the remarks i made-
upon the Kansas bill, a year ago, he may remem-
ber that I then said that there were peculiar rea-
sons persuading us to admit Kansas into the
Union, and they were these; that both Houses
of Congress had at different times passed a bill
fur the admission of Kansas into the Union; that
the people of Kansas, perceiving that there was
a very large majority of both Houses of Congress
m favor of their admission into the Union, had
regarded, and justly regarded, that ns an implied
pleugn that if they should form a constitution and
apply to Congress for admission, they would be
admitted; that, having submitted a eonstituiioa
made almost will) the assent of Congiess, hotli
Houses having at separate times indicated their
willingness that she should come int.) the Union,
it would be unjust to the people of Kansas to re-
fuse admission upon the ground of insufficiency of
population; for they might justly say, " Why did
you consent to pass a bill providing for our ad-
mission into the Union, if you intended at last to
refuse it upon the ground of insufficient popula-
tion ?" Therefoie, it was right that this objection
should not be urged; but, if i hey should themselves
decline to come into the Union upon the teims
pioposed in the English confeicnce bill,they could
not afterwards complain if we required them to
have a sufficient population before framing an-
other constitution or making a new application,
because that bill gave them notice of our purpose
to require it.
Mr. LAMAR. My object was not to impeach
the gentleman's consistency. His argument in
favor of Kansas is, no doubt, in perfect harmony
with his argument against Oregon. My object
was to bring the gentleman to this point; and his
reply to- me has obviated the necessity of any fur-
ther inquiry; that even in this view, theio may-
be considerations of sufficient weight to overcome
1 ho objection- which he now urges to the admis-
sion of Oregon; that is, we may not only waive
the objection as to the insufficiency of population,
but a "state of things may arise in which it be-
comes neither necessary nor importaut(evenasa
mattef of discretion) to inquire into the facts. In
other words, he does not insist, in all cases, upon
the indispensabilily of a ffiven population.
Mr. MILLSON. Certomly not.
When I said I objected to the indefinite increase
of nesv States, the House will readily perceive
that I referred to the power of Congress to mul-
tiply States indefinitely; and it may be, in worse
times than the present, for very unworthy pur-
poses. You may divide and subuivide your Terri-
tories, and out of them you may manufacture an
mf] nite number of States? W ho can say what will
be the condition of our Union if such a state of
things should arise? Already out of the Tt rntory
of Oregon we have made two—Oregon and Wash-
ington. And what is now proposed to he done?
You withdraw the State of Oregon from the Terri-
tory of Oregon: and you annex, by this very bill,
a portion of the Terntoi y of* Oregon to the Terri-
tory of Washington; and who can tell but that
the'Territory of Washington itself may be divided
and subdivided, at some futuie %ne, untd a large
number of States may be manufactured in that
quarter also11 Does not this furnish-just cause of
alarm? I do not want to see Slates v, it h a 1'arger
representation in the Senate than m the House.
In yielding to the application of States with that
population which wou-W give a member upon the
floor of this House, we make a liberal and mag-
nificent concession to those States. They are
then placed upon the footing of the States of N«\v
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, which, with no
