1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
gon had a right to make their own constitution,
and all we have to look to is to see that that con-
stitution is republican in its character. There is
nothing in the constitution, in my view, that is
either anti-Republican or improper in itself. A
people have a right to disciiminate in /avor of
themselves, and against others who do not belong
to the same caste, color, or race as themselves, in
making their constitution, provided that those
against whom they so discriminate are not, ac-
cording to the laws of nature, identified with them
in color. I shall not debate that question. I am
satisfied that the people shall make their consti-
tution as they please; and I shall uot consider or
be influenced by the question whether the consti-
tution they have adopted is favorable to slavery,
or hostile to it.
Mr. GILMAN. Do I understand that the gen-
tleman would vote for the admission of a State
into the Union, whatever features there might be
in its constitution ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes, sir; if the
.constitution were icpubhcan.
Mr. GILMAN. I would submit this question
to the gentleman m all sincerity: whether he
would vote for the admission of Utah into the
Union with the institution of polygamy sanc-
tioned by its constitution?
Mr. DA VIS, of .Mississippi. Well, sir, I con-
fess that, as a mere question of moral and social
right, I should nor liko to vote for it; but still, I
do not exactly sep how I would be justified in
voting against it upon constitutional and legal
grounds; and if the gentleman can show me what
constitutional am! legal objections there are to the
admission of a State whose constitution author-
izes a man to have two wives instead of one, I
would be pleased to htor it. But I shall not un-
dertake to-day to express any opinion upon that
point. It is not nnpoitant that I should do so.
Sir, unlike the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] the expansion of this Union has no
horrors for me. J know that this Government
is capable of embracing the whole earth, provided
this Congress will exercise only the powers con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution of the United
States; and it is immaterial to me, so long as the
Government keeps itself witinn the legitimate lim-
its presciibed by the Constitution, how many
States we have in tins Confederacy. But it is a
question that we have to meet some time or other.
Sooner or later oil this vast Territory has to be
divided into States—whether it is to be m five, ten,
fifteen, or twenty years, is not a question for mo
to determine. Sooner or Inter this territory must
all be admitted into the Union as States; and if
evils arc to'giow out of it, the only question is,
whether those evils are to fall upon this genera-
tion, or upon our posteiity. But because some
apprehensions may be felt upon the subject or ex-
pansion, I shall certainly not be induced to reject
a State that comes here witii all the qualifications
that ore requiied by the Constitution cind laws of
this country to entitle her to admission into the
Union.
Mr. MILLSON". Nor I, either. _
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 will cheerfully
admit all States that come with the requisite
qualifications, because I think they are justly en-
titled to admission. I will not further detain the
House.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that the Hou<e do
now adjourn.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man will withdia'w that motion.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It was the under-
standing with a number of gentlemen who left
the Hall an hour ago that they would return
about seven o'clock for the purpose of continuing
the debate. My senior colleague [Mr. Giddixcs]
was one of that number. I desire myself to say
a few words by way of personal explanation; but
as debute will be in order until twelve o'clock to-
morrow, I would prefei to say what I have to say
in the morning.
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that de-
bate will be in order until twelve o'clock to-mor-
row under the order of the House.
Mr. GILMAN. I should like to say a few
words to the House upon this question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. i will yield to the
gentleman if he desires to go on now.
Mr. GIL?viAN then addressed the House in
[This
| opposition to the admission of Oregon.
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
| Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained the floor,
I but yielded it to
i Mr. BUFFINTON, who moved tha£ the House
' adjourn.
| The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
j six o'clock and three minutes p. m.) the House
| adjourned.
j IN SENATE.
| Saturday, February 12,1859.
| Prayer by Rev. N. P. Tillinghast.
i The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of
: Gomez & Mills, manufacturers in the city of New
. York, who represent that they are the inventors
ji and patentees of a new safety-fuse train, a recent-
j,j ly-discovered chemical production,possessing the
I! property of communicating foe to an unlimited
I; distance, at a velocity only equaled by that of
electucity, thus superseding the old train of pow-
II der or match, and that it is particularly adapted
\ to military purposes in its adaptation to guns and
i: other batteries. The memotiahsts set forth the
Si peculiar properties and character of their inven-
j Uon, and describe the processes of experiment by
\\ which they have brought it to perfection. Their
;! memorial is accompanied by documents from the
War Department, going to sustain the claims
! which thay make. Their prayer is couched in
, the following woids:
j' li fn conclusion. you"- momot laliM* respcetfnllv bog lc;ive
1 to invite youi honorable bodies to \\ um*^ a pniciieal e\-
petlinent ol tin- advantages of their m\ cut ton. not oniy a ■.
: to all ttie detail- o; its manuf.ietuie, but in us application to
■ fir-Id and submanne ojviafioiw. when thev confidently an
,■ ticipate that us importance to the United State- Govern-
ij men: will he readily seen, and the piavei of una pentioti-
■ \ eis ie-pondei.1 to t>v the puicha>c oi ibeir ) lglit, lor the use
i1 of the Anny and Navy."
I I move the nforenceof the memorial to the
Committee on Military Affatisand the Militia.
| The motion was agreed to.
ij Mr. DURFvEE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, relating to the claim of
I the State to five per cent, of the net psoceeds of
the sale's of the public lands within its limits;
which was refeired to the Committee on Public
Lands, and oidered to be punted.
| Mr. BENJAMIN presented a memorial ofciti-
| zens of the cities of JefFer-urn and New Oi leans,
II praying that Jefferson city may be made a port
of entry; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
memoi ml of William MeLelland, for himself and
in behalf of the citizens of IOurny Cityand Ne-
'■ braska City, in Dacotnh, and Marietta, South
Nebraska, and Brownsville, in Nebraska Terri-
tory. owners of lots, the enr.ies of which weir
not legally made, piaying the confirmation of
their titles: which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lnnds.
j Mr. SEWAltD presented papers in support of
1 the claim of the hem of David Sturj.res to a pen-
, sion for his services m the revolutionary war;
: which were referred to the Committee on Peu-
1 ■ sions.
Mr. MALL0I1Y presented the memorial of
i J. L. Btooine, a lieutenant m the mania: corps,
■ pravmg to be allowed the dili'eience between his
, pay and that of a purser m the Navy, daring the
t time he acted in the latter capacity; which was
i referred to the Committee on Nav.il AtFairs.
Mr. BIGL£II p>« sented a petition of citizens
of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, pieyxng the
. establishment of a mail route from Lutanning to
Leechburg, and a post office at Centre Vaj'ey;
! which was referred to the Committee on the Post
1 Oilice and Post Roads.
j Mr. DOOLITTLE presetted a memorial of
■ executive officers and members of ih j Legislature
: of the State of Wisconsin, pra)Tin^; the adoption
of a system of instruction for the impiovcment of
( the personnel of the ships' crews of the Navy:
i which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
New York and its vicinity, praying that the pub-
he lands may be laid out in lots or farms, for the
I free and exclusive use ot actual settleis only;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Brooklyn and its vicinity, praying that the
public lands may be laid .out in farms and lots for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers only;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Wil-
liam TL Parker, praying the lecogniiion of his
rights as discoverer of Johnson's and Agnes
Islands in the'Pacific; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bil! (S. No. 543) to facilitate communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States, by electric
telegraph, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. 1VERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. C\ C. No.
83) for the relief of William H. Russell, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office "and Post Roads, to whofn was referred the
bill (S. No. 508) to establish a national line of'mail
steamships between certain ports of the United
States and Great Britain, asked to bo discharged
from its further consideiation; which was agreed
i to'.
I Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
' was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 72) con-
1 cerning the conveyance of the mails between New
; York and Liverpool, and between New York, by
i the way of Southampton and Havre, and Bremen,
J'asked to be discharged from its further consider-
; aiunf; winch was agreed to.
Fie also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
57."j) to provide for the transmission of the mails
between ports of the United States and Europe;
■ which was read, and passed to a second reading.
i BILL INTRODUCED,
i Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
574) to'pay to the State of Missouri the amount
. expend'd by said State for repelling an invasion
of the 0«a^e Indians; which was read twice by
us title, and referred to the Oo'mmittee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Mihtia.
| ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
, by Mr. Allex, us Cleik, announced that the
Speak< r of tiie House had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution; which there-
, upon received the signature of the Vice Presi-
dent^
A hill (TL R. No. 57G) for the, relief of Captain
Douglass Otuniiei: and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) giving the
consent of Congress to the acceptance by Captain
M. F. Maury and Professor A. D. Bache of gold
medals from the Sardinian Government.
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENDITURES.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing resolutions; and ask for their piesent con-
sideration :
llcso'i That the r re-idem of the Frilled State* he, and
. he j-1 heieM . requited to cau-c the h '.id^ of rue various
, Exec utrve J)«.-nni inn ni* to submit e>t iinurt sot the expend-
iture* :or the Government to me 'Unity Sixth Congress
upon a h.i<i.s not exeueuinu $3>).<J0l),U!K) pet annum, exclu-
sive oi Hie public debt, and Hi • n.r :ie-t thereon.
; Roxilvt J, Thai ' o inueii of the Pre-idcntN second annual
me-j-a<re a-, iel.iti s to -t ieduetion of the expemiituics of the
■ .Government of the United Slates, which Hin tne ioitowmj/
word1-. io w a : ' I inv te C'Migic.s to iu*-tiuiut a i i^ul sci u-
tie\ to o eeitnm wheiner the expense? oi .ill tile depait-
nn nl* cannot he 1 i iiKth'T reduced, and J promise theia
all ihe an} m niv power m pnr=u:n|i tiie mve-pganon,'* be
' icier red to the Committee on Fmauee; and that said commit-
tee aie liet,'hv lri-irueicd, after fust contemns with and ob-
; tammz uM •' aid'' and intoimation tioui the L're-ident and
1 Hie hi'ad1- o( Dep trUfierit-, m indicated m the Piesident's
'■ nit^aL'", to repot t a bill refornnnc. as fai as po-=ible, all
abn-es", lfanj, in the application oi the appropriations made
by Con^res-;"joi the support of tbe vauous liepaiiuieiita,
arid whien will ledu^e ilie e.\p<in-e-: to an hoiK-si, ng:d,
economical admyn^tration of the Covemmeiu.
: Tho PRRSlDtNG OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
riok in the chair.) It requires unanimous con-
1 sou to consider the resolutions to-day. The
Chair hecus no objection. The question is on
■ the passa^^ of the resolutions.
! Mr. DAVIS. I m M'ely wish to say that I
| think such action by Congress would be unwise.
1 It is utterly impossible to anticipate the wants of
