m
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 12,
the Government, arid therefore it is improper to
fik a limitation beyond which the estimates shall
not go. If we cbuld determine the service of
next year, we might also assume to determine
what amount of money would be required; but,
in the contingencies of the year, there may be
events which may require expenditures now un-
foreseen, for which estimates will bfc submitted,
and which it will be -for Congress to judge of
■when they are submitted. It is unwise to attempt
to fix a limit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator object to the consideration of the resolutions
to-day?
Mr. DA. VIS. I will not, as a matter of cour-
tesy, object to the consideration of them; but I
merely state my objection to the resolutions for
the action of the Senate. I should like to hear
an argument on them.
Mr. GWIN. Are the resolutions before the
Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yea, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend by striking out
4< the Committee^n Finance," and inserting " a
select committee, to be composed of seven mem-
bers, to be appointed by. the Chair."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from California will prevail. This is
very similar to the resolution which was consid-i
ered the other day, and is now hung up by a mo-
tion to reconsider, made by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugh.} I believe that a special committee
has time to do much good before the close of this
session of Congress. The Committee on Com-
merce has had a bill of reform before it fot the
last month, which has now been leported. That
committee ascertained that we could, with perfect
propucty, cut down about six hundred thousand
dollars from the expenses of collecting the rev-
enues. I believe that a select committee, which
has no other duty to perform, may reduce the
expenditures of this Government $10,000,000 a
year, and not impair its efficiency.
I hope a special committee will be appointed,
and that it will go to work at once, and will probe
not only the excessive expenditures but 'the cor-
rupt practices of this Government; and I believe
that the Senator from Tennessee is the very man
to apply the probe. The Committee on Finance
have no time to attend to this matter. They have
all the appropriation bills before them. They
have told us that they cannot do anything with
this matter during this session of Congress, and
this subject requires immediate, prompt, and effi-
cient action. I trust that the amendment of the
Senator from California will prevail; and aHhough
my colleague feared, the other day, that this might
be termed ahumbug committee, 1 propose shut no
humbug man b$ put upon i^ but that you put
working men upon it; men who will take hold
'and investigate and act; men who do not fear to
act, and to act efficiently. I trust that the amend-
ment will prevail, and that the committee will be
appointed to-day, with power to send for persons
and papers, and will commence, not to-morrow
moining, for it is Sunday, although 1 believe that
it would be a pious work, but that they will com-
mence on Monday morning and work to the end
of the session.
Mr. GW IN. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. Allo^v me to suggest that the fust
resolution is not involved in this discussion, which
proved fatal before; and I hope the Senator from
California will 1< t us adopt the first resolution,
and then act on the other.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to mak^ this suggestion,
I do not believe the Finance Committee can do the
work; I am pe;rectiy confident they cannot do it m
a manner which would be satisfactory to them-
selves and discharge their other duties; and I do
not want the responsibility to be on that commit-
tee of undertaking this task ajid failing in their
duty. I am perfectly willing to vote for the res-
olution if it goes to a select committee, composed
of suUi a numberof Senators as can undertake it;
but 1 am confident, as a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance, that we cannot do it. If 1 was
not a member of that committee, I should not say
a word.
Mr. ITUNTER. I think it would be manifestly
impossible for the Finance Committee to do any-
thing tins session. If this were along session, and
v/e were at the commencement of it, they might
perhaps be able to do something; but certain it is,
that for the residue of this session, they will have
no rime for anything but the appropriation bills.
It seems to me the subject otight to be referred to
a select committee, and they ought to go to work
at once. It is plain that the Finance Committee
can do nothing between now and the end of the
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the pending resolutions ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment)'now pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which I think Sas something practical in it.
This resolution has been up a number of times,
and Senators on all sides of the Chamber have
avowed themselves in favor of retrenchment; in
favor of reducing the expenses of the Govern-
ment; this in everybody's mouth; but we accom-
plish nothing. Under some excuse brother,the
resolution is put over. Now we are told it is so
near the end of the session that but little can be
done. Sir, if we are in earnest, let us go to work
to accomplish something. The 'discussions that
have taken place in this body, and in the other
end of the Capitol, have generally been upon small
appropriations; on propositions,perhaps,tostrike
out §>40,000 for publishing the Congressional
Globe; or to strike off the mileage of members of
Congress—small matters. The great expenses of
this Government are for its Army and Navy.
There is where your million;, £o, and there is the
place to make a reduction that will amount to
something. The Post Office is bad enough; but
the Army and Navy, I think, aie woi^c. They
are covered up. We can understand the little ex-
pense of $40,000 here for the Congressional Globe;
every one can se.e that; but the twenfy-odd million
that go into this whirlpool for the Army is sunk,
and nobody knows where it goes—three or four
million for transportation, &c. I propose to offer
as an amendment to the pending resolutions a
proposition instructing the committee to whom
this resolution goes, which I trust will be the Com-
mittee on Finance, to repoit a bill reducing the
expenses of the Army and Navy one half. If the
Senate is in 1'avoi, as gentleman say they are, of
leducing the expenses of the Government, let us
instruct that committee to bring in bills reducing
the expenses of the Army and Navy orse half.
You say that existing laws will not allow it. Re-
peal existing laws. What are we here for but to
makfe laws, and abolish thosp laws which ought
not to exist? Cut down your Army of twenty
; thousand men to ten thousand, if necessary; dis-
; charge the officers of the Navy who are sailing up
| the Mediterranean with a fine fleet, and stopping
! at Rome, and at Constantinople, to feast the Suf-
' tan and the Pone.
| Mr. HALE. And getting extra compensation
; when they com*1 home.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. And getting extra com-
! pensatiou, as my friend from New Hampshire
' says, when they come home, for the wine they
: purchase to feast those dignuaiies. Why, sir,
! we want no Navy except a few revenue vessels
! to piotect our commercc against smuggling and
against pirates, if there are any. A great portion
0! the Army is worse than useless to the country.
: I offer this us an amendment to the pending reso-
lutions:
And that •-au! committee be instruct*1fl to reportbill* re-
ducing; th<> <>Kpenxe^ of the Aiinv ou<] Navy fifty per cent.
, on the e-tmmu-s furnished by the Departments.
i Mr. HALE. I am pleased to hear the remarks
of the Senator from Illinois, for he has followed
i m the direction winch, when I first carrt.e into the
I .Senate,! took, and never got anybody to go with
| me; but I risn now mote for the purpose of an-
I nouncing to the Senate that I have soon in a few
' days, since tins discussion has been introduced
; here, some fuvoiable signs. Snicc the discussion
; of the gixat extravagance of the Administration
! has taken p!ac<>, I sec, by the newspapers from
i my own State, that the Administration are going
; ahead of us, and they have begun there, in the eus-
! tom-honse, nearwhere I live—Portsmouth. They
: have begun to abolish some useless offices; and it
' so happens that the only useless office they found
■ there as yet—they may find others—was that of
[ a Democratic newspaper editor who held the of-
■ fice of inspector of customs; and he was so un-
j wise, so foolish, and so utterly regardless of the
] duties of an inspector, that he actually published
I several articles in his paper commendatory of the
distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las.] It was found out immediately that his of-
fice was entirely useless, [laughter,] and it has
been abolished, and his head now rolls in thegut-
ter. So, sir, we need not be discouraged. The
work of reform has commenced; and I hope that
when the Administration ehowd this disposition
to reform and abolish useless offices, we shall up-
hold their hands, and let them know that they
have our sympathies and our best wishes in abol-
ishing useless offices.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
announce to the Senate, that this hour (half past
twelve o'clock) has been assigned for the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 550) making ap-
propriations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys,
&c., arid providing for the erection and establish-
ment of the same, and for other purposes.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill was assigned for
this morning, at half past twelve o'clock, and I
hope it will be considered now. I do not think
it will take long. Unless we consider it now, I
fear it will be crowded out. The Committee on-
Commerce propese to report no new bill thisses
sion. This is the only light-house bill for three
years. It has received the favorable action of the
House, was reported from this committee at the
last session of Congress, but at so late an hour
that it could not be acted on. I believe it met with
the unenimous approval of the committee.
Mr. PUGII. L think that is one o!" the very
bills which ought to go to the Committee on Re-
trenchment, and I hope the Senate will not pasa
it until we dispose of this other matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise for the
purpose of making that motion to postpone; but
I will remark, before 1 make it, that this retrench-
ment resolution has been up now some two or
three times. On one occasion before, it was with-
in about one minute of being adopted; but in con-
science of the announcement of the death of a
member of the other House, it went over. It was
up on another occasion, and was within a few
minutes of being adopted, when a speci'al order
intervened. It is now up, and can be adopted or
rejected within five minutes. I am in hopes the
Senate will dispose of the resolution, which will
only take two or three minutes, and then we shall
have an end of it.
It seems to me that the resolution contemplates
all that the Senator from Illinois proposes in his
amendment; and I suggest that he withdraw his
amendment, and allow the proposition to be
adopted, either appointing a select committee or
referring the inquiry to the Committee on Finance;
I care not which. I am in favor of this work be-
ing commenced, and I care not by what committee;
but in commencing this work, I will say, in an-
swer to what was said on the other side, I am
not for beginning with the wafers and quills, pens
and stationery, of members of Congress or any
other department; but I want this work com-
menced in good faith, and I want us to get into
the large veins of expenditure. I want the lancet
to be put into the jugular vein. 1 am aware, as
was remarked by the Senator from Illinois, that
the principal expenditures of all Governments
have been in the Army and Navy. They are the
mam arteries by which, all Governments are bled
to death; but there are extravagances and abuses,
as I think, existing in other departments, as well
as in the Army and Navy, and these resolutions
are intended to embrace all, little and big; but I
do not want to begin with the wafers and quills
and pens. Let us begin with the leading expend-
itures of the Government, the principal depart-
ments. Let the work commence there, and these
little incidental retrenchments will follow as a
matter of course. I do not make the motion to
interfere with the Senator from Maine; but I hope
that, by general consent, the special order will
go over for the present, and the resolution be
adopted.
I will further remark, in reference to expendi-
tures, that a short time since I was in conversa-
tion with the Secretary of War—I did not re-
ceive the information officially, nor did I receive
it privately; but he remarked to me on the subject
of expenditures, notwithstanding he was justify-
ing what he considered a reasonable and a liberal
expenditure,'as everybody is willing to concur,
he stated to me that if he had a little legislative
aid, he could take his Department and reduce the
