994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
so much unsettled and uncultivated country, must
"be very large, it is the vast expansion of our
country and the extension of settlements into the
interior of the country, which have increased im-
mensely the expenses for the Army. I think
these expenditures have been carried to a much
larger extent than they ought to haVe t>een. I
think they can be reduced several million dol-
lars; but I do nbt believe they can be reduced fifty
percent! Fifty per cent is an immense reduc-
tion—a reduction greater than the interests of the
service will allow; but I do believe we can reduce
the expenses of the Army at least thirty per cent.
3 do believe we can reduce the expenditures
from |19,000,000 to $13,000,000—a reduction of
$6,000,000.
Then, as to our Navy, we have now a small
Navy. We are a growing people, and we are a
powerful people. We-are the second commercial
nation on the glofcfc. We want a Navy, a small,
well-organized, and efficient Navy. 1 know the
expanses of the Navy are extravagant, but I do
not believe you can cut down those expenditures
:fifty per cent. I believe you can reduce them
immensely, but fifty per cent, is a larger reduc-
tion than the interests of the nation require. The
expenditures can be reduced more than fifty'per
cent, in your naval and dock-yards. The evi-
dence now being taken before this Congress,
■when it comes before this nation, will show the
most extraordinary abuses in regard to the navy-
yards. For political purposes the navy-yards
have'been prostituted. These extravagant con-
tracts, this filling up your navy-yards with men
not wanted, should be reformed at once, and the
most rigid system of retrenchment adopted.
I hope we shall adopt the resolutions as they
Btand. Let us have the estimates for the next
year. We may have to depart from them, in
some respects, but they will be great guides to us;
we shall have practical estimates before us that
•will guide us, to a consideiabie extent, in our ac-
tion. Let the Finance Committee, at this session,
Knowing the wishes of the Senate, knowing the
needs of the country and of the Treasury, do the
best it can, and I will give the committee my
support for all refoims they may choose to in-
augurate. I hope the resolutions, as presented by
the Senator from Tennessee, will receive the sup-
port of the Senate without qualification or amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot admit either the justice
or propriety of this wholesale denunciation of
executive officers. I think, before gentlemen as-
"sume to sit in judgment, to charge corruption
and waste and extravagance, they should be ready
to lay their hand upon the item. It does not be-
come a Senator to ariaign a high executive officer
on charges of wasteful extravagance, implying
• corruption, unless he is able to vindicate the act
to which he refers, and to challenge the examin-
ation of the charge which he makes. From day
to-day, we hear this harangue on the subject of
wasteful expenditure,'and proclamation of love
for retrenchment; but there is not a Senator here
•who does not peifectly understand that the only
way retrenchment ever can be made, is by laying
his hand upon the laws, finding where improper
expenditures arc rna.de, correcting them one at a
time, until the whole expenditure is reduced to a
proper amount.
What, sir, could be move idle than the propo-
sition of the Senator from Illinois to cut down the
•Army one half, without pretending to tell the Sen-
ate that a single man is unnecessarily posted?
Does he' expect us to accept a proposition to dis-
band one Ivilf of the Army, unless he can first
show to us that there is a larger number of troops
now kept m pay than are required for the wants
of the country? Do gentlemen expect us to call
home one half of the Navy, in order that we
may reduce expenditures, without first inquiring
whether the Navy is necessary at the places where
it is employed or not? This is not economy; it
is not retrenchment; it is declamation; or, if it be
followed by action, it is extravagance; for thirty
days would not elapse after the disbandment of
those troops, until you would be required either
to fill their places with others, or to call out the
'vastly more expensive character of force, the mi-
litia, to perform the very service which those
troops are now rendering. Nor, sir, would your
vessels have been dismantled in your own dock-
yards, before the requirements of the country
would compel you again to put them in commis-
sion and send them into service. Thus, I say,
instead of retrenchment, it would entail vast ex-
penditures^upon the country, and inflict injuries
from which it wotrld require many years to recover.
I am no advocate of a large Navy; neither am
I of a large standing Army*, and when Senators
choose to reduce one or the other, and will bring
in statements to show that^ither or any part of
either is unnecessary, then I shall be ready to vote
with them; but upon this mere declamation for
outside consumption, I am not prepared to act.
Neither am I willing to say $50,000,000 are re-
quired to carry on this Government. I trust a
less sum will suffice*, but if more is required to
perform the duties of the Government, and to
maintain its honorable obligations, I am prepared
to maintain it, and no man can lay claim to the
wisdom which will enable him to-day to decide
what the next year will require.
In looking to this question of retrenchment,
looking at it as a serious practical affair, address-
ing it as a thing upon which the Senate did pro-
pose to act, I have prepared a bill and have been
trying to get it considered; but if the time is to
be consumed in mere declamation on the blessings
of economy, without pointing -to the particular
item which can be reduced, nothing can be more
apparent than that, instead of effecting anything,
we are to end at the declamation with which we
commenced.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Mississippi says that this is mere dec-
lamation, and that Senators should bring no i
charges until they are prepared to place their j
hands upon the spot. Now, sir, I am prepared j
not only to place my hand upon the spot of ex- 1
travagance, but of crime in the Departments. I
have a right, even under his dictation, to charge !
extravagance and crime. He says that we merely >
make general charges; that we do not plaice our !
hands upon the spot where retrenchment can be !
effected. Sir, I hold in my hand an official doc- j
ument of the Secretary of the Navy, in which he
§says that he has one hundred and one captains of
the Navy, of whom eighteen arc on sea-service; 1
and yet there is no place for retrenchment 1 He j
says he has one hundred and thirty-three com- -
manders, of whom only twenty-five are on sea- !
service. The average salary of these one hundred ,
and one captains is $3,000 per annum, and you ;
are paying §300,000 per annum for eighteen cap- j
tains on the ocean. The average pay of the com- 1
manders is $2,000 per annum; and you ore paying j
$266,000 a year to keep twenty-five of them on ■
the ocean. True, a few of the otheis are engaged j
on shore-service; but it is perfectly well under- '
stood that you can get better service from civil- !
ians for shore-duty than you can get from your \
antiquated naval officers. The object of the De- j
partment seems to be to find places to increase :
the pay of these captains and commanders. X do \
notHtnow that the expenses of the Army and '
Navy can be reduced one half; but taking this !
official document, I believe they can be reduced ;
more than one half, and lender your Navy more i
efficient. '
flow is it with the Army—that great gulf in ;
which your revenue has been swallowed up? Look
at the official record on that, and you will see that j
there must be a place to apply the pruning knife. ;
I see, by another official document in my hard, 1
that the whole expenditures for your military ser- !
vices were: in 1851-2, $8,061,436 88;and in 1856-7 ,
they were $18,614,394 10; and it will remembered
by every Senator on this floor, that one of the !
first acts of the Striate, last winter, was to pass a 1
deficiency bill, granting $5,700,000 fur the Army, j
And yet the Senator from Mississippi declaies
that what we say is all generalities; that there is
no chance, no possibility, of retrenchment. He |
informs us that he has introduced a bill, reducing !
these expenses $100,000. Why, sir, it is picking ;
up pebbles from a great pile of rocks. Instead !
of $100,000 it ought to be $10,000,000: and 1 be- 1
lieve, to-day, an efficient committee can point out !
the way and the place to reduce the expenses ;
§10,000,000 without diminishing the efficiency of .
the Army. These are no generalities. They are j
facts from official records. i
I hope that ihe amendment, as originally offehed J
by the Senator from California, wjII he adopted, i
and that a select committee will be appointed, not !
composed of chairmen of standing committees, !
who havejio time to attend to anything but the
duties of their present committees, but of mem-
bers who have some time, and that they will take
hold of the work, and apply the knife to the root
of this evil; and I pledge you I will show them
work enough for the first week.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Michigan, in
his impassioned reply, goes on to make specifica-
tions. Now, what are they ? That there are
more officers in the Navy than the Secretary has
thought proper to employ in commission. How
did the officers get in the Navy ? By law; and
the Senator, I believe, is one of the very men
who voted for it. Its number is larger than is re-
quired in commission. What, then, is the extrav-
agance of the Secretary of the Navy? Leaving
them on shore instead of fitting out vessels for
the purpose of employment? Far better had the
charge of extravagance been made, if, to keep
these officers on actual service, he had sent ves-
sels to sea when none were required.
Then# sir, he says the expenses of the Army
are the great gulf which swallow-s up everything,
and he announces the grand aggregate. That is
not the mode of retrenchment; and when I spoke 0
of one mode in which the expenses may be re-
duced, he says it is picking pebbles from a pile
of rocks. Pray, what constitutes the pile ? The
pebbles. Dollars are made of cents; millions are
made of cents. It is by gathering these pebbles
from the pile that you may hope to reduce it; not
by reading aggregates of expenditure; not by an-
nouncing, in the same generality before criticised,
that it is unnecessary; nor by employing denun-
ciatory phrases, and "terming it crime. If the Sen-
ator knows of crime, I say, again, let him bring
the charge and its specification, and let it be
inquired into. If the Senator knows of crime
committed by an executive officer, it is not only
his right, as he asserts it, but, m my judgment,
it would be my duty, if I were in his place, to
make the charge and specification, and ask for
an investigation into it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator excuse
.me for a moment ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to state
that 1 should have presented the charge and called
for an investigation ere this, had not the charge
been brought in the othfe'r House, and an investi-
gating committee appointed there, which is now
at work.
Mr. DAVIS. If the other House is now en-
gaged in an investigation before which an officer
is airaigned, how shall we characterize an error
by the act of a Senator who assumes to sit in judg-
ment during that investigation, and to denounce
the person who is there for the purpose of trial ?
1 say again, sir, if Senators really address them-
selves to reform, if their purpose is to do good, the
only mode by winch it can be reached is by laying
their hands upon abuses, and in such a manner
as is appropriate to the character of each abuse;
seeking to correct it, one after another, great or
small, until the whole has been effected. If the
Army expenses are too hi^rh, it is not to be learned
by looking at the foot of the table and reading the
aggregate. It is to be ascertained by examining,
step by step, every expenditure, maikmg the one
where extravagance has existed, or where the
fund has been improperly -applied. I am ready
to meet this inquny at any time, leady to follow
the truth to its conclusion, to retrench where re-
trenchment can be made, to censure where cen-
sure is due; but let it come after the proof has
been adduced.
Several Senators addressed ihe Chair.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
I call for the special order, which is the Private
Calendar, at one o'clock, that hour having ar-
rived.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We have
come so near passing this resolution, that I shall
have to move the postponement of the special
order for a few minutes, so as to get clear of this
question. I hope the Senate will act on it defi-
nitely. There are some things which 1 should
like to say, but I refrain from doing so, for the
purpose of having action. At. this late period of
the session, what we want is action, not long
declamatory speeches of any character. I move
to po&tpone the special order until we can have
action on this resolution.
Mr. 1VERSON. I hope the Senate will not
