1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
©95
postpone the Private Calendar, which is the spe-
cial order for to-day. It was postponed yester-
day by general consent on'the agreement that.it
should be taken up to^lay atone o'clock", but now
it seems it is to be pressed out again by the dis-
cussion, for everybody must see, that if thia dis-
cussion goes on, it will last all day., There are
twenty men*who are ready to spring1 to the floor
' now to discuss this proposition. Do you. sup-
pose, sir, that a proposition of this sort, involving
the characterof the Administration, involving the
whole expenditures of the Government, amount-
ing to $80,000,000, is going to bo voted on without
discussion? The vfery discussion we have had
here this morning of moie than half an hour,
shows that if it is continued* it will last the rest
of the legislative day. I trust, therefore, the
Senate will do justice to private claimants, and
will not postpone the Private Calendar.
JMr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. So far as the
discussion is concerned beyond these resolutions,
it has nothing to do materially with the points at
issue. There may be charges preferred one way
or the other, but they do not concern these reso-
lutions, properly speaking. The resolutions con-
template retrenchment; their intention is to inau-
gurate a system of retrenchment and reform coex-
tensive with the Government, to apply to every De-
partment. They prefer no charge against this or
any other Administration. There is an impression
resting on the public mind, and on the mind of Con-
gress, that there has been too much of the people's
money expended; that its expenditure ought to
be arrested; and the propercourse is to ascertain
if there has been an improper expenditure, and in
what it consisted. For this purpose, let us ap-
point a committee who will go thoroughly and
fully into the investigation. If there has been no
improper expenditure; if there has not been too
niu^i money collected from the people and ex-
pended for improper purposes, the commitiee will
report that fact to the country, and the people will
then be satisfied that the Administration has not
improperly expended their money. It is due to
the Administration; it is due to the country, it is
due to honesty itself, that there should be some
indorsement of that kind. If the money has all
been collected properly, and properly expended
for the public good, let that fact come from the
committee, and it will be an indorsement of what
has been done; but if the money has not been
properly expended, let the country knowin what
respects improper expenditure has taken place.
That is what these resolutions contemplate.
They do not look at any particular Department,
or at any particular point more than another.
They strike out all imprbper expenditures, be
they where they may. They are intended to in-
augurate a new policy, coextensive with every
department of the Government, embiacing the
small as well as the large items. My object is,
first, to get at the leading extravagances of the
Government wherever tinjy exist.
I hope the Senate will postpone the special or-
der for a few minutes, until these resolutions can
be adopted. Why shall we get so near "the con-
summation of a thing, the propriety of which all
concede, without disposing of it? All admit that
there has been too much money expended, and
yet, when a proposition is made to ascertain the
fact in the legitimate mode, there is one difficulty
and another difficulty interposed; a special order
intervenes now, and another special order on an-
other occasion, and somehow or^other we can
never get action on the proposition. I hope we
shall postpone the special order for a few min-
utes, for the purpose of disposing of these res-
olutions.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I desire to
inquire what is the exact subject before the Sen-
ate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Tennessee, to postpone the
special order, for the purpose of further consid-
ering the resolutions presented by him this morn-
ing. *
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Tennes-
see makes that motion undoubtedly with the sup-
position that his proposition will not be discussed.
Now, I concur with my friend from Georgia that
this subject will take up the rest of the day if it
be discussed, and 1 am very unwilling to see the
private bills passed over to-day, for this probably
is the last day we shall have to consider them. I
want to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that wehayendw before theSenatefourteen House
public bills and fiftyrfour.House private bills; one
hundred and eight Senate private bills, and„sixty-
five Senate public bills, making in'ait two-hun-
dred aqdforty-one bills to%e,acted uponi'and we
have seventeen days to do it in. Besides, th,ere
aVe other bills yet to come'to us from the House
of Representatives. r
The proposition of the Senator from Tennessee
is to raise a select committee, or confide it to the
•Committee on Finance, to inquire into the public
expenditures. Does he possibly expect anything
at this session from such a committee? Can he
form a comTnittee of any sevelior ten Senators in
this body who can give us any satisfactory report
on even one of the Departments, not to say all ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Allow me to
suggest to the Senator from Florida that the res-
olutions can be adopted, and at the end of the ses-
sion, if the committee are not able to make a re-
port, they can state that fact to us. The first
resolution contemplates action by the Executive
Departments to make their estimates on a basis
of expenditure not exceeding $50,000,000. That
is nof intended to be arbitrary or absolute; but
we want to lay that down as a basis upon which
they shall frame their estimates. If more is re-
quired for special purposes, they can easily say
so; but I desim to have estimates presented to
us upon the basis of an expenditure not beyond
$50,000,000. I will here remaik that this idea is'
not mine; it was suggested by the chairman of
the Committee on Finance himself during the last
session of Congiess. H# introduced a simiiiar
resolution then, but it was not pressed. I offer a
resolution now embracing the same proposition.
It is, in fact, the proposition of the Finance Com-
mittee. When the Finance Committee suggests
the idea, when the President solicits investiga-
tion, when every Department seems to think it
can retrench if Congress will come to its aid, why
not let us extend the aid desired ?
The Senator from Florida speaks of the private
bills, and says that it is very important that they
should be acted upon. I concede that; but there
are public interests; thereare public demands, in-
volving millions upon millions of dolhus, as well
as the thousands involved in the claims of indi-
viduals. If either is to be'neglected, which in-
terest is to be neglected ? Shall we neglect the
interest of a few individuals, or shall we neglect
the interest of the nation at latge ? Which is the
most imperious? Which demands'action at our
j hands—a vote on a'few private bills, or a measure
i involving the interests of the whole country ?
j Mr. MALLORY. If I were to follow the ex-
\ ample of my friend from Tennessee, I doubt
j whether there would be a great many Senators
! who would speak on the subject to-day, for the
| whole time would be consumed. I have merely
: brought forward the views which I have pre-
1 sented, to show that this resolution cannot pass
the Senate without a very considerable degree of
discussion. A Senator rises in his place and
makes a broad charge of crime against somebody :
in the Administration. That is to be met. I stand
here to challenge that Senator, in the most open
manner, to pioduce, under the greatest possible
scrutiny he can originate, one single tittle of an
act in the Navy Department, for which the Secre-
tary of the Navy is responsible, that deserves
that condemnation. Why he should get up hete
at this time of day, when there is nothing before
us to originate it, or to call for it, and make such
denunciation, I should like to know. It is en-
tirely unauthorized and unjustifiable; and the very
investigation to which he alludes, and to which,
perhaps, allusion ought not to be made while it is
in progress, will bear out my assertion.
Mr. HALE. 1 rise to a question of order. My
point of order is, whether this debate is in order,
when the Senate has directed that we shall pro-
ceed to consider private bills at one o'clock to-
day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
announced that the Private Calender is the first
business in order; but the Senator from Tennes-
see moves to postpone that and all prior orders,
for the purpose of considering the resolutions
which he offered.
Mr. MALLORY. As I do not wish to engage
the attention of the Senate, but really want private
bills to come up, I give way for them.
Mr. YULEEJ, By way of Jiving a practical
direction to the very eag'er spirtrt for retrenchment
which .manife^ting^elf in the Senate, 1 desire
to state that, on Thursday nextifl propose to call •
up a bill which kWas reported yesterday from the
Senate Post Office Committee^ by which we ex-
pect'tq relieve the Treasury to theextentof three
or four million dollars. I hope we shall have the
support of the sjentle'm6nron the other side of the
House in the effort wftich we are making to effect
a practical retrenchment now, at this session.
Mr. HALE. I'move to lay on the table the
motion to postpone the prior orders.
Mr. TRUMBULL. - I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw that motion for a
moment, until I reply to a remark that fell from
the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it. *
Mr. TRUMBULL/ There-is a fundamental
difference of opinion between the Senator from
Mississippi and myself. He seems-to look for
reductions to come from the Departments; I do
not.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not understand the
Senator to say so m express words; but the tenor
of his lemarks goes to show that he looks to an
examination into the details by which the Gov-
ernment Is to be carried on for a reduction of ex-
penses. I go to the root of the thing. We are
told here in the Senate, when we complain of ex-
travagances, " Congress is to blame; allnhese
expenses arc under existing laws; the executive
officers are not to blame." Now, sir, I tltink that
Congress has some knowledge of the condition*
of the country 
Mr. DAVIS. With the Senator's permission,
I will coirect a mistake that I think he makes in'
relation to what my position was. It was not
that the reform was to come from the Departments,
not that the reform was to come from Congress,
for I think the action must be joint. There must
be cointelligence and cooperation; and a part of
the details which I think it is necessary to inquire
into for the purpose of reform, is to find what
laws lead to estimates which are unnecessary,
and on which Congress atone can act. You have
to reform the laws; you have to modify the ser-
vice; and when you have icformed the laws and
modified the service, the estrmates follow in their
train.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from Mississippi' 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia will state his point of order.
Mr. IVEPvSON. It is, that on this motion to
postpone the prior orders, the discussion in which
the Senator from Illinois is engaged is not m
order. You must confine yourself to the question
before the Senate; and that question is on post-
poning prior orders. It is not in order, in debat-
ing that motion, to go into the original Tesolu-
tions of the Senator from Tennessee. I ask the
Chair to decide the point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. After other Senators have
been indulged for twenty minutes, I trust the rule
will hardly be enfotced on me. I shall not oc-
cupy the Senate long. I wish to put myself right
in regard to the remarks which were made by the
Senator fiom Mississippi, as applicable to me,
and I shall not take up any unnecessary time.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 insist on the point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Chair
whether, after the discussion has been continued
thus far, it would be consistent to enforce the
strict rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rules of
the Senate require Senators to confine themselves
in discussion to the subject under consideration.
It is no easy matter for the Chair to prescribe the
limits of debate. That is a matter which must
generally be left to the discretion of Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been the custom
here, I believe, to indulge m some latitude frhen
a motion is made to take up a question. I do not
wish to obtrude myself in the way of private busi-
ness, and perhaps I should have finished by this
time if the Senator from Georgia had suffered me
to go on with what I have to-say.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope my friend from Georgia
will allow the Senator from Illinois to reply to
the remarks I made, in reply to his proposition-
Mr. IVERSON. I would very cheerfully in.
