996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
dulge the Senator from Illinois; but when he is
indulged, another Senate^ must be indulged to
reply, and then another, and another, and so the
whole day will be consumed in this unnecessary
debate, which leads to nothing upon the face of,
the.earth; because we know that it is " all .sound
and fury, signifying nothing." Everybody is
crying out for retrenchment, but nobody presents
any plan by which retrenchment can be made
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Does the gen-
tleman from Georgia insist on enforcing the rule?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes,' sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair
will state to the Senator from Illinois, that, tinder
the rule, he must confine himself to the discussion
of the matter under consideration, which is the
motion ,to postpone the previous orders for the
purpose of considering the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will endeavor to do so.
The motion before the Senate is to postpone all
the special orders for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of a resolution to reduce the ex-
penditures of the Government. Now, sir, I think
•that resolution should be proceeded with, and the
private business should be, postponed for the pur-
pose of considering it. Its importance is fargrefter
than that of the passage of afew private bills. An
amendment which has been offered to that reso-
lution by myself, contemplates the reduction of
the expenses of the Government one half what
they now are, in two of its great departments.
Is a great question of this kind, affecting the rev-
enues and expenditures of this Government, af-
fecting its important interests, to be thrust aside
by a few private ljills, day after day? To show
the importance of this question, I think it entirely
competent on this motion. How can the Senate
determine whether the matter ought to be post-
poned unless we know what the object is ? And it
is not as the Senator from Georgia, even, in stat-
ing his point of order, undertook to declare. He
went on to say that it meant nothing; that it was
no tangible proposition. Sir, it is a tangible prop-
osition that is submitted.- It is a proposition to
reduce the expenditures of your Army and Nayy
fifty percent, on the estimates of the Departments;
and it was because that specific proposition was
made,that the Senaterfrom Mississippi denounced
it as meaning nothing, and he wanted to know if
we would disband half the Army without inquiry,
and suggested a different mode of arriving at this
result.
Why, sir, I take it that the Congress of the
United States, the representatives of the people
and of the States, have some knowledge as to the
wants of this country, so,far as the Army and the
Navy are concerned; and I differ totally with the
Senator from Mississippi "as to the executive de-
partment of this Government to determine that
question. I have been contending, since I have
been ^ member of the Senate, against what I have
regarded as the usurpations of the executive de-
partment of this Government in undertaking to
raise armies. The power to raise armies and
navies is expressly delegated to Congress by the
Constitution; and we know, or ought to know,
how large an army and how large a navy we re-
quire; and we ought to be capable of deciding
whether the Navy is not. larger than it ought to
be. It is presumed that the members of Congress
can judge, without any information from the De-
partments, whether the one hundred naval officers
of the highest grade o.n shore are necessary. It
isto be presumed that Congresscanjudge whether
it is necessary to have an army of three thousand
men stationed in the Rocky Mountains and in
Utah during the winter. It is to be presumed that
Congress can judge whether the President has
any authority to march an army into Utah as an
escort to the Governor, under the name of a posse
comitates. I deny that authority.
But I wish to call the attention of the Senator
from Mississippi for a moment to the expenses
of the Army. In 1850, they were $9,000,000; m
1857, they were $19,000,000. They have more
than doubled in seven years. I know the Senator
from Massachusetts tells us that oufcountry has
extended, and he undertakes to make {in apology
for this enormous expenditure of money. I will
tell the Senator from Massachusetts that our coun-
try has not been extended since the expenses
have been doubled. Is our country any larger
than it was in 1850; Do we require any larger
army now than we did then? Why should
its expenses have swelled from $9.,000,000 to
119,000,000? In 1850, the expenses of the Army
reached a larger sum than it ever-had before, on
the peace establishment. From 1830 to 1840, the
average expenditures of the Army were |4,000,000
a yean In 1850, they reached $9,000,000. I think
Congress may judge, with these evidences before
it, that thorp is no occasion for so large, an Army,
and I think we'may judge with regard to the
Navy. Need I tell the Senator from Mississippi
that vessels which we have built at an expense
of millions of dollars, have been suffered to rot
upon the stocks and have never been of any ser-
vice to the country? Where is your great ship
Pennsylvania, that was built at Philadelphia at
an immense expense? Did she ever go to sea? I
believes he has been used as a sort of storeship.
I take it, Congress is the proper department to
judge as to whether these expenses should not
be reduced, and we want no details about it. I
am ready to cut them down one half. I believe
that, if $9,000,000 was a sufficient sum of money
to support an army to defend the country in 1850,
it fs sufficient to-day. The naval establishment
cost, in 1850, $7,000,009; in 1857, $12,080,000;
and IJjelieve it is estimated to cost more' than
that now—thirteen or fourteen, or perhaps fifteen
million dollars! Is there any reason for this in-
crease ? I know of none; and therefore the prop-
osition which I made is a specific proposition,
and I think it comes from the right department of
the Government; for we are to judge how large
an army is necessary „and how large a navy;and
when we see that our army is so large, that hun-
dreds and thousands of troops are employed for
illegitimatepurposes, employed , as I insist, with-
out authority of law, I think it is time we should
reduce that army. When we all know, from in-
formation which every man possesses, that we
have fleets sailing on .trips of pleasure in distant
quarters of the globe, merely to make a display,
1 think we may well consent to reduce the ex-
penses of the Navy. When we know that a large
majority of our naval officers are on land, and not
at sea, I think we may well, without inquiring of
the Navy Department, introduce a proposition
to reduce the expenses one half, when not one
half our officers are employed.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois has
answered a proposition, and constantly referred
to me, though I told him in the beginning of his
remarks thatl had not made it. I leave him the
advantage, therefore, of answering an argument
as though I had made it, ^fter he learned that I
had not.
Ho then went on to.answer my proposition as
though he were announcing details when he says,
there is no right to send an army into Utah, and
states a reason—not the reason, however, given
by the Executive for sending it theie; not the
reason which the public recognize; it being the
employment of the land forces to suppress insur-
rection in a Territory, quite consistent with the
powers and duties of the executive department.
He announces that he judges, from the sum total
of expenditure, that there is too much Army and
too much Navy; and that we have no more terri-
tory than we had before; and that'our vessels are
sailing on trips of pleasure. An army is not
wanted merely because of the amount of territory;
it is the requirements in the territory. It is the
fact that our people have gone into Washington
Territory, and there come in contact with sav-
age tribes; that they have gone into Oregon Ter-
ritory, and there come in contact with savage
tribes, that involves the additional expenditure.
If those wars are now happily at an end, we may
expect the next year to be followed by a very
great reduction of expenditure. I repeat, that it
is due to the occasion, that the Senator who finds
where fleets and armies are unnecessarily em-
ployed, should lay his hand upon the particular
occasion, and point out the reduction which he
proposes to make. It is no argument, because
the naval vessels are not employed in active oper-
ations m the seas where they cruise, that they are
therefore unnecessary. Their presence may an-
swer all the ends for which we maintain a Navy,
and it is certainly a blessed result if their presence
does effect it without the necessity of conflict. To
postpone it until the evil arises, and then to send
out vessels, would be merely to incur a double
expenditure, with great injury to our commerce.
The particular vessel which the Senator cited,
has generally been considered a bad vessel, a fail-
ure of construction. She has not gone to sea, arid
for reasons which I suppfee were justifiable; but
not being a naval man, I am not ready to speak
upon-it. The chairman of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs could probably give information in
relation to that particular case. The only other
particular case cited by the Senator, was the send-
ing of an'army into Utah. If they were, as I be-
lieve they were, sent there to suppress an insur-
rection in a Territory of the United States, I hold
that it was a. legitimate use of the land forces.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, we all agree
that the expenditures of the Government ought to
be diminished. The only practised question is
how, at this late period of the session, we are
going to accomplish anything before we adjourn.
I think it would be utterly useless to appoint a
select committee, with the hope of their accom-
plishing anything at this session; for the reason
that, while that select committee are sitting and
investigating.the subject, the Finance Committee
will have reported all the appropriation bills, and
we shall have passed them. In my judgment, the
only mode in which we can accomplish anything
for the present session, is to trust the Committee
on Finance to make such reductions as they think,
with the evidence before them, the public service
will permit; and there is certainly no body of
men in the Senate so competent, so well informed
upon the subject, and so ready to act, as the Fi-
nance Committee. The chairman of that com-
mittee has been for many years, almost from time
immemorial to the younger members of the body,
in charge of the finances. He is familiar with
every item of expenditure. For a great many
years he-has reported all the appropriation bills,
and with his accustomed vigilance, every item
has passed under his eye. He knows for what
purpose every item is appropriated, under what
law, and the reasons for the passage of the law.
Hence, he is better posted on each item than any
select committee you can appoint will be after six
months' experience and investigation. I should
hope for much from the action of the Committee
on Finance, with the information they have, grow-
ing out of many years' experience on all these
items. I should hope for much from them at this
session; and then this duty being devolved on
themjfipecially by resolution, I should expect that
by the next session they would be ready to pre-
sent a general plan of reduction and economy in
all the expenditures of the Government.
I do not pretend to be able to say in what
branches of the service curtailment can be made.
It seems to me that some may be made in the
Army, some in the Navy, some in the Post Office
Department. I do not understand how it is that
the expenditures of the Post Office Department
have increased so enormously, when the former
policy was to make it self-sustaining. I make no
charges; I do not know enough upon the subject
to specify where the fault is, or in what the error
consists; but there is certainly some place where
correction can be applied. I must trust to the
committees familiar with these subjects to en-
lighten us. By the next session we can have
thorough reports on these subjects. In the mean
time, the regular committee of this session will
be able to make some curtailments on the inform-
ation they have acquired 111 the public service.
One word with reference to the proposition of
the Senator from California. He proposes a spe-
cial committee, composed of chaiimen of the va-
rious standing committees of Finance, Foreign
Relations, Military Affairs, Indian Affairs, Post
Office, Commerce, and Printing. I should have
great confidence in a committee thus constituted;
but that Senator must observe, that if he takes
only the chairmen of those various committees,
his select committee will be composed exclusively
of men of one political party; and .inasmuch as
the members upon the other .side of the Senate
say they are ready.to specify faults and abuses
and extravagance, if we constitute a select com-
mittee, from which we exclude every one on that
side of the House, and take only the chairmen of
the standing committees, who all belong to this
side, it wilfbe looked upon, though unjustly, as
a white-washing committee, and will be so treated
in the country.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will permit me to
say that I was struck with the force of that ob-
