998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
The Senator from Georgia made a. distinction be-
tween that .order and the Standingrulesvandinow, !
when I refer to the standing rules, he undertakes
to call my attention to the order. ' He«ought'to
know the difference if he undertakes to mak&the
distinction* But, sir, that standing rule has been
changed by a special order. A special order was
made yesterday by unanimous consent, and by,
making that special order you changed the stand-
ing rale. This is admitted by the Senator, and
it required universal consent to permit the prop-
osition to be considered. Now, to-day you pro-
pose to modify that order. Do you not modify
the standing rule which would have governed in
the absence of that orde^, and does it not thus
amount to the same thing ? No sophistry can en-
able him to avoid the force of this conclusion.
"We want one day's previous notice to change any
rule or standing order of the Senate. This is a
standing order. Whenever any bill is called, any
Senator can move to postpone, or to lay it on the
table, or otherwise dispose of it; but that is not
the proposition now made by the Senator from
Massachusetts. His proposition is to change the
order which changes the standing rule, and it thus
amounts to a proposition to change the standing
rule.
Several Senators. GLuestion!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill
state 
Mr. GREEN. If it,will save time I withdraw
the'appeal. I care nothing about the question,
except to maintain the rules and orders of the Sen-
ate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his appeal?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the first
bill in order is 
Mr. MALLORY. The motion has not yet
been disposed of.
Mr. IYERSON. The motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts is before the Senate, that we
proceed to consider those bills winch shall not be
objected to.
Mt\ Mj^LLORY. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 12.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Chair whether the mo-
tion that was made to reconsider the vote upon
the bill in regard to the Missouri land fund, which
was acted upon on Friday of last week, is not
entitled to priority. If so, I wish to have that
question come up before the Senate as a privileged
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
already decided that to-day is appropriated to the
consideration of private bills.
Mr. POLK. The bill to which I allude was on
the Private Calendar. It was passed un Friday
of last week; and afterwards a motion was made
by the Senator from-Georgia [Mr. Toombs] to
reconsider that vote. I submit to the Chair that
that motion is a privileged one to-day. If so, I
call for its consideration.
Mr. STUART. The Chair will allow me to
say that the privilege is exhausted when the mo-
tion is made. You have the fright to make the
motion; and that is the only privilege which ac-
companies it. It then stands like any other busi-
ness, and cannot be taken up without a special
motion. Of course, a majority may decide to take
it up; but that would be to reverse the order which
lias just been made.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Michigan is
a little mistaken. The privilege of the motion as
a privileged question is exhausted; but the bill
retains its place upon the Calendar. The bill
having passed, and a motion to reconsider having
been made, it goes on the Calendar, and is, there-
fore, the first billon the Calendar; and, if nobody
objects, can be disposed of at once.
Mr. STUART. That is right enough.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The privilege
extends simply to entering the motion to recon-
sider; but when the motion is entered, it takes its
place upon the Calendar.
Mr. POLK, i ask, then, that that shall be the
first bill called.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
upon the Private Calendar is the bill (S. No. 26)
to provide for the examination and payment of
certain claims of citizens of Georgia and Alabama
o;n account of losses sustained by depredations of
the Creek Indians.
Mr. CLAY. That may be passed over.
JOSE DE LA MAYA. ARREDONDQ.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
upon the Private Calendar is the bill (S. No.
126) for the relief of .the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Jose de la Maya Arredondo.
Mr. YULEE. That bill can be passed over as
it was the other day.
JOHN HASTINGS. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced the
next bill in order to be the bill (S. No. 207) for
the relief of John Hastings, collector of the port
of Pittsburg.
Mr. WILSON objected to the consideration of
the bill; and it was passed over.
ISAAC VARN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 303) for the relief Isaac Yarn, senior.
It proposes to require the Secretary of War to
examine and adjust the claim of Isaac Yam, se-
nior, of Duval county, Florida, for the use and
occupation of his property, for wood and timber
cut from his land, and for other property belong-
ing to him and taken and used by the United
States troops, between the 1st April, 1836, and
the 1st July, 1841, and pay the amount found
due, upon competent and sufficient evidence, not
exceeding five thousand dollars.
Mr. KING called for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Claims.
The report was read; from which it appeared
that there was satisfactory evidence that the land
and buildings of the petitioner,situated in Duval
county, Florida, were occupied by the United
States troops as a military postfrom April, 1836,
until June, 1841, and that a large quantity of wood
and timber belonging to him was cut and used by
the troops. He also claims compensation for
cattle ana sheep taken by thetroops,and indem-
nity for the destruction of his fruit trees, fences,
and other improvements, and for other losses
growing out of the military occupation of his place,
it appears that Mr. Varn entered upon this land,
being unappropriated publicland, (section twelve,
township five, range twenty-four east,) in 1823; in
1826 or 1827, he erected a house, in which he has
continued to reside. On the 31st March, 1838, (as
shown by the records of ttic General Land Office,)
he entered lots Nos. 3, 4, and 5, of the section,
under the preemption act of 1834, these lots con-
taining in all one hundred and thirty-three and
one fourth acres; and in 1839 he purchased lots
Nos. 1 and 6, containing fifty-three and one fourth
acres. Tiie occupancy of the place as a military
post during the period named is shown by state-
ments from the War Department, and from the
officers in command; also, that wood and timber
were cut for the use of the troops. As to the
amount of compensation to which the claimant is
entitled, the testimony is not very explicit or sat-
isfactory, with the exception of a letter from Gen-
eral Twiggs, in answer to inquiries addressed to
him by the chairman of the committee, in which
he says he does not think six or seven thousand
dollars by*any means extravagant.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is an old case that I have
some recollection of. I do not know whether it
was before the Military Committee or some other
committee formerly, that I investigated it; but I
think I recollect the circumstances, and, if I un-
derstand the report aright, it is not clear upon
one point. My impression is that this waste or
damage was committed on public land, and not
on_the private property of this individual.
Mr. MALLORY". It is shown to be his own
private property.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand he was occupy-
ing the land, but had not yet entered or purchased
it from the Government when the waste' was
committed.
Mr. MALLORY. The report states when he
paid for it.
Mr. KING. I think the-billhad better lie over.
I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie over
under the rule.
ANN P. DERRICK.
The next bill on ihe Calendar was the bill (S,
No. 325) for the relief of Mrs. Ann P. Derrick,
widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to account with and al-
low to the widow and children of W. S. Derrick,
deceased, late chief clerk in the Department of
State, for the time he performed the duties of
acting Secretary of the Department of State, by
appointment of the Presidentof the United States,
the same compensation as was then allowed by
law to the head of that Department, deducting
therefrom the compensation received by him as
chief clerk during the same time.
Mr. KING. Is thefre a report in that case? If
so, I should like to hear it.
,Mr. IYERSON. I can state to the Senator
from New York what are the facts in the case,
and the principle involved, vyithout reading the
report. Mr. Derrick was chief clerk of the State
Department; and in the absence of the Secretary
of State, he was appointed by the President to
discharge the duties of the Secretary of State.
The object of this bilfts to pay to his widow and
children the difference between what he'received
as chief clerk and the salary of Secretary of State
during the time he discharged the duties of Sec-
retary.
Mr. KING. How long was it?
Mr. IYERSON. Not very lon^. The prin-
ciple has been established by the eircuit court of
the District of Columbia, and by the United States
Supreme Court in many cases, by both Houses
of Congress repeatedly, and by the present Con-
gress in several instances.
Mr. KING. I ask for what time he served in
, that capacity ?
j Mr. STUART. I hope we are not going to
! debate these bills when they are objected to. The
I rule is, that if debate arises they go over.
| Mr. KING. I wish to hear the report in this
j case.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Claims; from which it appears that Mr.
Derrick was appointed by the President at sundry
times, and performed the duties, as acting Secre-
tary of State during the aggregate period of two
hundred and sixty-three days. The salary of
Secretary of State for that time would amount to
§4,323 29. The salary of chief clerk, which he
received, amounted to $1,441 20; which, being
deducted, leaves a balance of §2,882 20; to which
sum, in accordance with the precedents estab-
lished by the action of the Senate in repeated in-
stances, Mr. Derrick was justly entitled to. In
accordance*\vith these views, the committee re-
ported a bill authorizing the proper accounting
officers to adjust the account, and pay the balance
that shall be found due.
Mr. KING. I think this bill had better lie
over for the present. It is an old claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the bill will go over under the rule.
KATHARINE M. HAMER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 6) to continue the pension heretofore granted
to Katharine M. Hamer.
It provides that the pension of thirty dollars per
mohth, heretofore granted to Katharine M. Ha-
mer, widow of the late RrigadierGeneral Thomas
L. Hamer, which expired the 3d day of Decem-
ber, 1856, shall be revived and continued during
the term of her life or widowhood.
Mr. PUGH. That lady has been provided for
under the general law that we passed at the last
session; and I therefore move that this bill be in-
definitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
CATHERINE DICKERSON.
The next bill upon the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 326) for the relief of Catherine Dicker-
son.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Catherine Dickerson, widow of John
Dickerson, late a pensioner of the United States,
upon the pension rolls, under the provisions of
the act of the 7th of July, 1838, entitled "An act
granting half pay and -pensions to certain wid-
ows," and pay to her the amount to which she
would have been entitled under that act, from the
4th of March, 1836, to the date of the commence-
ment of the pension she now receives, with a pro-
viso, that in all other respects her pension shall
be regulated and controlled by the provisions of
