1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1#1
Mr. SEIDELL. There is a report.
• Mr. PUG H. If there is a report I waive my
objection, to hear it read.
Mr.- SLIDELL. There is a House report,
which can bb read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by JVXr. Davidson, of the House of Representa-
tives, on the 3d of February, 1858:
The Committee of Claim®, to whom the petition and
proofs of A. Bamlousn and A. D. Robert, ot New Orleans,
was relet red, lejioit:
That the petitioners have, by proper proof, saii&fted your
committee that they were, on the 2i>t day of Match, 1846,
owners of a flat-boat of ic«, containing (220) two hmidied
and uvemy tons, which boat, loaded with ice, had on that
day been towed down to the landing in tlio fii&t munici-
pality of the city of New Orleans, set apart to them by the
wharfingei ; that ju^t before bhe was piopeily fastened to
the wharf, and whilst their boat waj tied to .mother boat,
the name of which is nor given in the proof, but declared by
the petitioner to be the schooner Commerce, Captain
Pearce, she was mn into by the steamer Colonel Harney,
then ni the pnivicc of the United States, sunt commanded
by the officeis of the Government. The proof shows that
thw Colonel Ilamey was under a heavy pleasure of steam,
and that the act was apparently the result of £i eat careless-
ness, or wantonly mischievous, whereby the petitioners lost
tile boat, winch was sunk, and the ice, valued at $2,000 ;
the proof is that^here weie two hundred and twenty tons,
and that it wa-s worth ten dollars pei ton.
Suit w as brought in the United States di?tiict court, and
the evidence ou file which makes llus case was taken con-
tradictorily with the United States diMiiet attorney, and
would between individuals have given the plaintiffs a judg-
ment for &2,0i:0 . t ut the ca^e was dismissed upon an ex-
ception, which was, that the Government could not be sued;
wheieupon the panics appealed to Congiess for ledrcss,
and on the l.'th December, 3846, this oa e wasieferied to
the Committee ot Claims, and rcfeuedto the same com-
mittee £{iain on the lith December, A. D. 1347; that on
thd'Otb Match, IS 18. a bill was lepoited to this House for
£2 000. accompanied by a sepoit liom Mi. Rockwell, which
lepoit andbiifaie herewith submitted ; that the report and
bill were lefencdto the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and recommended by the committee
to the Ilour-o <oi pasi-.ge, but was not reached. The papers
were acain relertod to the Committee of Claims on the :J3d
day oi Januaiy 16.30, and on the 13th day of Febiuiuy fol-
lowing a repoit was made fiom ilnscommittee by Mr. Nel-
son, with a bill lor the lehef of the panic;., which repoit
and bui were iefened to tiie Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and lepoited back with a recom-
mendation thru Udo pas.- the House ; that (he report of the
committee wai not finally acted on. The bill went to the
!-pe«tkerV uhje uid w«.e« not inched. In view of all these
faet-. the committee iepott brick all the papers with a bill
for .V-,000 tor tito lehef of the petitioner.
jdr.'j. A Rockwell, tiom the Committee of Claims,
nnde the lollowmg report:
1 lie Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of A. Uandouin and A. D. Robert, of the city of New
Oilcan-*, report as follows:
The petitioner- tepfus^nt and prove, to the satisfaction of
the, commitiee. that on the 21ft of Match, 1846, a Hat-boat
belonging to them, loaded with ice, while l)iug at the
whfiii at the citv of New Orle.uio, m piopei place, was
stinck by tlie "Moamej Colonel Hiirney. which was coming
up the n vet mulct fuR steam; that, by the force of the col-
lision, the bottom and side oi the Hat' boat were so bioken
and Ji-pnnted that it commenced tilling with wator-n rap-
idly that the ca><ro could not be saved, and the boat and
caiL'o soon sunk'to the bottom of the river. The steamer
\\a in the seivi'-eol the United States, at the time, and un-
doi cnm:n: nd of an ollieet oi the United States, and theaet
was one uf mariiest neahgciK c. Uudei the stale of laew
existing in ihis ev-o, as between individuals, theie could be
no doubt of the nrht of the party to eiaim the amount of
o.trnages susMine-f; and the obligation of the Government
is tiie ^ame. The steamer was libeled m the United States
e<iUT at New Oi;ean •, by tiie petitioner, and must of th^
tt'stimonv iva^ taken in the pri senee of the United States
district attomev, who cio-s-exarnined the witnesses. The
libel vasdism'!- ed on the giound 111 it the Government
euuid not bo sii^d. The proof is, that the lo-^s -mourned by
tno petitioners was .*0,00:). and for this sum the committee
to port a bill, and recommend its passage.
Mr. PUGH. T am satisfied.
Mr. KING. I objcct to it. Let it lie over.
The bill was passed over.
DINAH MINIS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. it, No. 481)
foi the relief of Dinoh Minis.
It provides for the payment to Dinah Minis, or
lior Wal representative?, of the sums due on loan
office certificates No. 93, for $37 275; No. 95, for
$74 551-: and No. 104, for $81 60; ail dated August
19, 1791, and signed by Richard Wylly, commis-
sioner ot loans, on the surrender of the original
certificau-s at tiie Treasury Department.
The bill was repotted to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read a thud time, and passed.
ROBERT A. DAVIDGE.
The bill (II. II. No. 575) for the relief of Robert
A. Daviuge, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It will be a diicctiou to pay to Robert A, Dav-
idge the sum of $118 30 for hi.: seivioeu as a tem-
porary clerk in the office of the First Comptroller
of the Treasury,from March 26 to April 30,1857,
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN R. BARTtETT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 422) for the relief of John R. Bartlett.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late com-
missioner on the Mexican boundary, to allow and
credit him with the several items of his accounts
for moneys paid by him in the discharge of his
duties as commissioner—which have been-here-
tofore rendered to the Department, with the proper
vouchers, and disallowed—not exceeding, in all,
the sum of $4,724 39.
Mr. TOOMBS, i object.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN FERGUSON AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 419) for the relief of John Ferguson and
others.
It is intended to authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to remit the penalty charged against John
Ferguson, of San Francisco, California, and his
guarantors, for failure to enter into obligation and
perform service on mail route No. 12500, be-
tween San Francisco and Saciamento, in Cali-
fornia, according to the proposal of Ferguson,
dated February 2,1854, and accepted by the Post-
master General on the 22d of April, 1854.
Mr, KING. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
R. F. BLOCKER AND OTHERS.
The next was the bill (S No. 425) for the re-
lief of R. F. Blocker, E. J. Gurley, and J. F.
Davis.
Its purpose is to require the Secretary of War
to pay to R. F. Blocker, E J. Gurley, and J. F.
Davis*, the sum of §1,500, in full for their claim
against the United States for their professional
services in defending Lieutenant Anderson and
his detachmcnt, who were arrested and tried for
a criminal offense alleged to have been committed
while acting under oiders of their commanding
officer in Texas, in the year 1854.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object.
The biil was passed over.
JOHN LEE.
The noxt bill on the Calendar was the bill (II.
R. No. 461) granting an invalid pension to John
Lee, of the State of Maine.
It provides for placing the name of John Lee
upon the pension list, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the 22d of December, 1857, to
continue during his life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to all pensions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill will he over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from Geor-
gia to allow the teport m that case to bo read. a
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw my objection, to
hear the report.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it will obviate the
Senator'^ objection.
The Secretary read a report made from the
House Committee on Invalid Pensions, by Mr.
Chaffel, from which u appealed that John Lee,
undci the name of John Richards, a. private, en-
listed into the service for the war on the 3d of
February, 1313, in the ninth regiment of tJnited
, States infantry, smd ha."? be n traced on the rolls
! of his company u p to the loth oi May, 1815. He
' fought m five pitcned battles: Battle of Williams-
1 burg; at Fort Erie; at Chippewa; Glueenstown,
; and Fort George; at Bridgwater, or Lundv's
; Lane; the siege of Fort Erie, which looted fhty
i or sixty days; snd was m the fight when Fort
| Erie was blown up, and at the sortie near the fort
| when the enemy's batteries were taken and blown
I up by the American forces. It further appears3,
| that in the mm h regiment, at the battle of Lund y'a
! Lane, all of Lee's company, with the exception
of himself and one other private, were either killed,
wounded, or left the field before the termination
: of the battle. From the proot itfurther appears,
' that at the battle, and m the night time, he was
hit by a musket ball m the left shoulder and badiv
injured; that in consequence of tin* injury his
left aim and h->nd have become almost threaded.
Mr. TOO Ml
I withdiav/ the o
Mr. PUGH. I should like to understand why
he changed his name?
Mr. TOOMBS. If the facts- are as stated, I
think he is entitled to a pensiop.
Mr. HAMLIN. In answer to the Senator from
Ohio, 1 will state in a moment tfrat his name was
changcd by the Legislature of the State at his own
request. The papers on file, show that the reason
why he does not get a pension at the Department
is, because he proves his case by soldiers, and not
officers. He proves it by the soldiers who were
with him when he was wounded. It does not
come within the ruleiaid down by the Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no such rule laid
down by the Department,
Mr. HAMLIN. There is.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the bill. Let it go
over.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM BULLOCK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 520) for the relief of William Bullock.
it directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Bullock upon the roll of in-
valid pensions, at the rate of six dollars a month
from the 1st of January, 1854. ♦
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to all pensions.
The bill was passed over.
SIOUX CITY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 22) for the relief of certain citizens of Stoux
City, in the State of Iowa.
Mr, HALE. ThcreMs an adverse report in that
case. Let it lie over.
The bill was passed over.
OMAHA CITY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 220) for the relief of the citizens and owners
of property in the city of Omaha, Nebraska Ter-
ritory, and Sioux City, State of Iowa, which had
been reported adversely from the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HALE. As there is an adverse report,
let it lie over.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN C. RATHBUN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No 529) for the relief of John C. Rathbnn.
It provides for placing his name on the pension
roll at four dollars a month, to commence Feb-
ruary 15, 1858, and continue during his life.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM SUTTON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H. #
R. No. 34G) for the relief of William Sutton.
It proposes to place the name of William Sut-
ton on the loll of invalid pensioners at six dollars
per month, to commence' on the 5th day of Feb-
ruai y, 1858, and to continue duiing the period of
his natural hf-\
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. It is for a
pension.
The bill was passed over.
KENNEDY O'BRIEN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 457) for the lehef of Kennedy O'Brien.
Its object is to place the name of Kennedy
O'Brien on the list of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st of
January, J854.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
PIlfNEAS G. PEARSON,
The next was the bill (H. R. No. 527) for the
relief of Pluneas G. Pearson.
It proposes to grant him a pension of eight dol-
lars a month from January 22, 1858, to continue
during his life.
Mr^ TOOMBS. I object.
Tiie bill was passed over.
JOHN PERRY,
The next was the bill (H. R. No. 531) for the
relief of John Perry, of Illinois.
It provides for grafting him a pension of eight
dollars a month, commencing February 15,1S58,
and continuing duim^ hi.s natural life.
Mr TOOMBS. I object.
Th; bill war, pasied o\ei.
