1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
EVELINA PORTER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 458)
for the relief of Evelina Porter, widow of the late
Commodore David Porter, United States Navy.
Its purpose is to place the name of Evelina
Porter, widow of the late Commodore Porter,
deceased, of the United States Navy, upon the
list of invalid pensions, to be paid at the rate of
thirty dollars per month, for five years, from the
9th of February, 1858; the pension to cease in
case of her marriage. *
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report of the House
Committee on Invalid Pensions,who say that they
deem it unnecessary to enter into a detailed state-
ment of the long* faithful, and extraordinary pub-
lic services of Commodore David Porter as a
naval officer. His career forms a prominent fea-
ture in our naval history. No man has done more
to build up its reputation, and no country can
boast a superior naval commander. After a care-
ful and thorough examination of the testimony in
this case, the committee find that Commodore
Porter, then a lieutenant in the naval service of
the United States, while in the discharge of his
duties in an action with several brigs and barges
in the West Indies, in 1800, received a wound in
his left shoulder, and in an engagement off old
Tripoli, in 1803, received a slight wound in his
right thigh, and a ball through the left, which,
with the effects of a violent attack of yellow fever,
contracted while in command of the United States
squadron for the suppression of piracy in the
West India seas in 1823, brought on him diseases
which caused his death; that Commodore Porter
died at Constantinople, in 1843, in the diplomatic
service of the United States; that hp was married
to the memorialist, Evelina, in 1808; and that she
still survives him.
The act of Congress granting navy pensions to
widows, only provides lor, and is construed by
the Department ohly to embrace widows, whose
husbands die ^n the naval service of diseases con-
tracted or injuries received by them while in the
lino of their duty. Commodore Porter, therefore,
not having died the naval service of the coun-
try, his widow is not entitled to the benefit of the
act, although the disease which caused his death
was contracted while in the line of his duty in
that servicc. The committee see no justice in such
restriction.
Mr. CLAY. There is an amendment that ought
to be made to the bill, 1 suppose. By the way, 1
will say it seems that 1 reported the bill, though
I have no.recollection of it I think the credit is
not due to me for that report. I observe, how-
lever, that the bill propose to put her on the list
of invalid pensioners, it is not an invalid pension,
but a gratuitous one. The word (t invalid" ought
to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report was
made in the House of Representatives. **
Mr. CLAY. I do not think I repot ted the bill.
It is a mistake. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word " invalid'" where it occurs.
It says thy Secretary shall place her on the list of
invalid pensioners. She does not come under
that class, but under the class of gratuitous pen-
sioners of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. K L\G. I ask that the bill be read through
as amended.
The Secretary lead it.
Mr. PUGH. If the bill is to beamended, and
thereby st nt kicK to the House, I shall move to
stuke out the limitation: tor, under the geneidl
(aw now, the pension is lor hre. 1 would as lief
pass the bill, as it is a House bill, without amend-
ment; because i do not think the amendment
which has bc« n made is muteiial; hut if the bill
is to be amended, 1 move to sfuke out the limita-
tion. The general law now pre vid^s that the pen-
sion shall be for liiV. I do not think we sLuuld
make an exception in'tins case.
Mr. HALE. This is an exception to the gen-
eral law.
Mr. PUGH. This will stand as an addition to
the general act. My amendment is to suike out
foi five yeutc-.55
Thf amemltnf nt was agreed to.
Air. KI.N'G. 1 move to strike out the last part
of the bil1;
" If rhe f.a?d E"ehna porter intermarry befoie the
expiration of five years, then the said pension shall cease
at the date of such intermarriage."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in. The amend-
ments were ordered to bo engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third timp. It was read the third time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How does the bill now
read with the amendments?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be directed to place the
name of Evelina Porter, widow of the late Commodore Por-
ter, deceased, of the United States Navy, upon the list of
pensions, to be paid at the rate of $30 per month, fiom the
9th day of February, 1858.
The bill was passed.
MARY BOYLE.
The Senate, as in Committee-of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 277)
for the relief of Mary Boyle.
It proposes to place the name of Mary Boyle on
the pension roll, at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1858.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the repoit of the House
Committee on Invalid Pensions, by which it ap-
peared that Captain Thomas Boyle, fust as the
commander of the schooner Comet of 14 guns,
and then m the Chasseur, of 12, during the war
of 1812, captured more than seventy sail of British
vessels, thirty-two of which were equal to him in
force, and eighteen superior. He met and beat
off a Portuguese man-of-war, carrying; 20 32-
pounders, convoying three British vessels, killing
her first lieutenant and five men, and wounding
I many more, capturing two of the three British
] vessels, one cairying 14 guns, and the other 10
| guns. He also captured the ship Hope, with 14
j guns. Soon after he met and captured the ships
I Atlantic and James, in company, carrying 20guns;
| Eclipse, 14 guns-, ship John, 14; London Packet,
• 12, Ilenry, 10; Alexander, 10; Dominico Packet,
10; and brig Industry, of 10 guns. On the 26th
o? February, 1815, he fell m with and captured,
after a desperate fight nf fourteen minutes, his Bri-
tannic, Majesty's schooner St. Lawrence, mount-
ing 15 guns, 4 and 12-pound carronades, and a long
nine, commanded by Lieutenant J#mes E. Gor-
don, royal navy, with a complement of seventy-
five men and a number of soldiers, marines, and
several naval officers (passengers) onboard. The
Chasseur lost but five killed and eight wounded.
The St. La*wrence had fifteen killed and twenty-
three wounded.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SYLYAKUS BUUM1A.M.
The n*xt bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
II. IN o. 233) for the lehef of Sylvanus Bumham.
U provides for placing his name upon the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the teport.-
Thc SoctvUiy read the following report, made
j; by Mr. Case, of the House of Representatives,
\\ January 21, 1853:
,] The Committee on Tmahd Pensions, to whom was re-
II feueu t!u> jieiinon of Ivanus I'.iunham. asking ior a pen-
! | sioii, having had the -<unc under con-ideiaoon, icpoit:
'■ it tipj.peai- that p.'iitiimei was a private soldier m the
Indian vvui. under General \Ya\m>, tor three years, from
, February l70"2. and vvd< fionoiahly di&chaiged. While
enured in tlie di-charyi> of his duties ad such soldier, he
wa-, uijtttvd hy the e^plo-ion of a canister of powder. By
.; tin* explosion hn face was burned and hn eyes nearly
1 mined. So feenouply was his sight implied. that for the
hir-t foity yoai-5 ho li'i-- been unable to iea<l Me had received
no pension, nor ,'von a bounty-land wai uint, at the date of
i in- application. Your committee are ot opinion that he is
; entitled to lelief, ami Ui?iUoi<i repoit the accompanying
, bilL^iid recommend it* parage.
j Mr. TOOMBS. I ohjpct.
j! The bili was passed over.
'i MARY BAINBRIDGE.
i The next was the bill (H. R. No. 221) for the
relief of Mary Bainhndge.
It proposes to place the name of Mary Bain-
, bridge, of Massachusetts, upon the pension list
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, commenc-
, ing on the 1st day of June, 1857, and to continue
during her natural life.
1 Mr. TOOMBS. Rf-nd the report.
The Secretary rMad the report of the House
'Committee on lava^d Pensions, in which it is
stated that Colonel Henry Bambndge entered the
service of the United States as a cadet of the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point, in the year 1817,.
graduated in 1821 as lieutenant of infantry, and
from that time till the 1st day of June, 1857, a.
period of thirty-six years,was constantly engaged
in the active duties of his profession, as an officer
of the Army of the United States. The records
of the War Department furnish the most gratify-
ing testimony to his faithful services duiing all
this period of time, at the remote posts of the
western frontier in the wars of Florida and Mex-
ico. In Mexico he took part in the battles of Palo
Alto and Resaca de la Palma, was wounded in
the storming of Monterey, while charging at the
head of his command; was with the division of
General Scott at Vera Cruz, at Cerro Gordo he
headed the storming column; he was at Contre-
ras, Cherubusco, Mohno del Rey, and at the city
of Mexico. For all these distinguished services
he received two brevets in succession. This dis-
tinguished soldier met his death on the steamer
Louisiana, in Galveston bay, on the morning of
the 1st day of June, 1857, who, with the captain
of that ill-fated steamer, were the last to leave
the burning wreck. His widow, after all these
distinguished services and this tragic death, is
left in mdigentcircumstances, and the committee,
in view of these circumstances, repotted the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
STEPHEN BUNNELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 224) for the lelief of Stephen Bunnell.
It provides that the name of Stephen Bunnell,
of the State of Indiana, a sergeant-major of the
war of I8i2, be placed upon the list of pension-
ers of the United States during his natural life, at
the rate of fifteen dollars per month; to commence
and be computed from the 1st day of January,
3855.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments, to strike out in line seven the
words " fifteen dollars per month" and insert
" half his monthly pay in the rank which he oc-
cupied;" and in line four of section two strike
out the words " fifteen dollars per month" and
insert " half his monthly pay in the rank which
he occupiod."
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read a report made by Mr.
Chaffee of the House Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, on the 2ist of January, 1858, in which it
is stated that the Adjutant General certifies that
Stephen Bunnell served as quartermaster's ser-
geant in the artillery corps of the United States
Army for five years, from March, 1832, to March,
1817. Mr. Bunnell testifies, under oath, that he
entered the aimy in robust health; that his phys-
ical powers were broken down by arduous service
and exposure in his specially hazardous line of
duty; and that now, in his old age, with his con-
I stitution broken down, being unable, from his
failure to claim a discharge when sick, and from
the death of his captain and comrades since, to
furnish the evidence required at the pension bu-
reau, he applies to Congress for its recognition.
It appears that he was the first who landed at the
taking of Fort George, shared m the capture of
Q,ueenstown Heights, participated in the battle of
Stony Creek, lying on the wet ground at nights
with the rest of the army on their march thither,
which caused him such a fit of sickness as to con-
fine him for many months in the hospital at
Yonngstown.
Although this sickness has impaired bis sys-
tem ever since, he recovered sufficiently to again
jom the Army, and to man the gun under his
chaige at the battle of Chippewa. At Lundy's
Lane, his captain being slam and his lieutenant
wounded, he took command, under direction of
General Scott, of the last gun left to his company,
and kept it in operation till he had but one man
left, and his ammunition was exhausted, when
he succeeded m getting the gun from the field of
battle. At Fort Erie he was honored with a com-
mand above his rank, namely, of a battery in a
specially exposed condition,.in front of the gate
of the fort; and by its discharges, after the fort
had been taken by the enemy, blew it up, dis-
comfiting the whole British detachment. He was
wounded m the wiist at Chippewa, and at Fort
Shelby was badly injured m the shoulder by a fall
occasioned by rotten timber in a bridge; but never
