1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
claimed a pension on account of these injuries, not
deeming at the. time that he would ever need it.
Such a record of faithful and important service to
his country certainly deserves the recognition, as
well as the relief which the granting of a pension S
would afford. j
Corroborating this statement are affidavits of
Samuel Bunnell and Elizabeth Marsh, who de-
pose, that the claimant entered the Army in good
health, but has been in impaired health ever since;
another,from S. M. Bishop that, since 1820, the
claimant has not been able to perform a full day's
work; the affidavits of eminent physicians, cor-
roborating this statement, and certifying that he
cannot perform one-third of a day's work in a day,
and not even that without great pain; the vouch-
ers of Hon. N. Eddy and Hon. C. W. Cathcart,
former members of Congress from his district, and
finally, a strong recommendation to Congress in
his behalf by Lieutenant General Wmfield Scott,
his old commander. The committee, therefore,
unanimously recommend the passage of a bill
granting a pension to this faithful old soldier.
TOOMBS. I object.
The bill wa§ passed over.
SAMUEL GOODRICH, JR.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 229) for the relief of Samuel Goodrich, jr.
It provides for granting him an invalid pen-
sion of eight dollars a month during his life, com-
mencing January 1, 1856.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
ZINA WILLIAMS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (II.
R. No. 239) for the relief of Zma Williams.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Zma Williams, of the State of New
York, upon the invalid pension list, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the 4th
of December, 1855, to continue during his nat-
ural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read a report made by Mr. Rob-
bies-, of the House Invalid Pension Committee,
by which it appears that Williams was called
into the service in the war of 1812 in September,
1814, from Montgomery county, New York, and
marched to Sackett's Harbor, where he was on
duty, without shelter, sleeping (if at all) upon
the ground. Sickness prevailed in camp, and on
the ist October, 1814, he was taken sick of the
prevailing camp disease, and was sent to the hos-
pital, where he was attended by two surgeons.
His sickness settled into a fever; his friends sent '
for him, and with difficulty carried him home on a ]
bed. He was confined to his bed eighteen months;, [
the fever concentrating in his left hip, causing |
gieat pain and contraction of the muscles, result- J
ing in almost the entire loss of the use of the left j
leg. The disability has continued from that time •
to the present, and is of a nature incurable. He ;
is a farmer, a sober, temperate, prudent man, and
is clear from any chatge of imprudence or ex-
posure as the cause of the continuation of his >
disability.
These facts are established by the testimony of
two surgeons, certified to be highly respectable 1
in their profession, who saw him on his sick bed
as he returned; and who then attended him, and
who have ever since that time been his physi- i
cians; and who now, upon their oaths, state that
his disability is a total one. They further state
that it is incurable, and can never be less. It is
fun her proven, by the testimony of Samuel Free-
man, that he saw him on his sick bed returning !
home. The testimony of Simon Fiager, John W. 1
Shaver, and William Shaver, who were soldiers
with him m camp, and who knew of his sickness ,
in camp; and of Isaac H. Williams and John j
Fish, and a second affidavit of the surgeons, all ■
testifying to the sobriety of the applicant, satisfy
the commitee of the propriety of granting him a :
pension. I
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over. :
SILAS STEVENS. * !
The next was the bill (H. R. No. 450) grant- 1
ing an invalid pension to Silas Stevens, of Vir- 1
gmm
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place ;
on the invalid pension roll, and pay him a pen-
sion, at the rate of four dollars «. month,from the
1st of February, 1853, during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Anderson to the House of Representatives, by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, on the SGtli
of March, 1858, by which it appears that the
memorialist states that he entered the service
about* the 1st September, 1812, in the company
of Captain James Morgan, in Colonel Dudley
Evans's regiment of Virginia militia; that he was
marched to the Northwest to join General Harri-
son; that at. a small village, called Delaware, in
the State of Ohio, he was taken sick, where he
remained six weeks, n6t being able to perform
duty as a soldier; and, there being no prospect
that he ever would be, he was discharged, and
left to get home as best he could. The Third
Auditor of the Treasury certifies that the name
of Stlas Ste\cns appears on the roll of Captain
James Morgan's company of Virginia mihtia,
I from the 19th September, 1812, to the 30th No-
! vember, 3812, mustered "piesent" without re-
marks; on subsequent rolls, it doe'? not appear.
A certificate is given by James Ri<rgs, surgeon's
mate, twenty-second regiment of Virginia militia,
stating (he number of rations that were due Silas
Stevens, while in confinement by sickness in Del-
aware, from the 5th of January to the 4th of Feb-
ruary, inclusive. There is no date to the certifi-
cate, but it has the appeal ance of an old paper.
Surgeons Joseph A. McLanc and Isaac Scott
certify that he is one half disabled. A. Do wart,
Nathaniel Reed, and Henry Watson, who were
with him in tho service, suear to his being sick
during the service, and believe that the sickness
j at that time produced the disease with which he
I is now* afflicted. They have known him iiui-
] mately since hissicknessat Delaware. The lion.
| Z. Kidwell, a member of the last Congress, cer-
i tifies to the high character of the applicant, as
i also to that of ail the witnesses.
Mi. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
ALLEN SMITH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (TI.
R. No. 534) for the relief of Allen Smith.
It provides'for placing the name of Allen Smith,
of the State of New Hampshire, upon the invalid
pension list, at the rate of eight dollais per month,
to commence on the 21st of January, 1853, and
continue during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read,as follows:
Mr. CASii* from th'1 Committee on Invalid Pensions,
made the tbliouum tep'nt:
Tne Uoirmniu u on Invalid SViimoi^. to whom v ere
tefeiied tin: petition and aeeoinpanjnig papcis oi Allen
Smith, make the following repoit:
That it appears noin the .ithdavit of the pt-niioner. (xnd
1)1-3 rUatemeut i-. con oboiated bvth" ceit!fit at'1 <>} lilt' Ad-
jaiant Geneial.) that lie enl^U'd into the < umpanyof Cap
tain \Ve°k , eleventh reminenf oi 1 ■ mf< d suae^ tn'amiv,
oil ill*: 20th of May. l£W, foi live y< ,u,"tnd -<•! ved the 1 uli-
pe tod of Iih enlistment, and honombh di-ehanred.
It laithei append hom he? statement that he wa*? earis-
ferted to the recruiting >ci v ice, benm a ill . and \va>
oidei "d hom pi ic<j t-> piaer> ; thai w i'lM m.,u tmed at Pmi i
hurjr. New Voik. he had an ar'aek oi mea n-<. and h'fote
lie had enhrelv iceovered wa- oidei ed to Cham plain, in the
same rfuue. and wlni,-t thei<\ and in ir-'bie benhh, h<- \\a-
obhjred to uiemnp in the woods v. l-tiou: eo\orin::. c^potcd
to the coid. wf t. and -now. w hieh pioduced >$■ and
lrom tho * fleets of winch he ha- ne\°r i<>coveie<] : bur on
the contraiv, he ii.is ciown until he i-- now wholly
incapable of diippoiinig himself, and that ins p> e«sent dis-
abietl condition is owum to di-ea.-e eoncaeti d u lnl-1 in ihe
di->chai2e of his dut\ as a -<>hhi r. Two oi t|-[< e u-pi • ta-
ble pln-i'-iait< miiv confirm hi-, ptvemcnt, n = le^aid-* 111=
piesent disahihtv. and yivt u hm thei. opinion that n in
consequence o' cxpn-ui e to the iii/-|.'s;iene\ of Um- weaihei
!t aba) appeat- fto.n the .1 <a ;!te - u no <• ib-md
the petition'*!, (G011UI "> and who iv d v> .th him dv nr* the
wnole five vcar-. ;>nd a'-o by t)i:u or Lien'enant Srepnen-
son, who «tl<o served with linn, that he \the p« tuu-nei) wm-
at the tuno of entenng the-.m vice, 0 <;iong. filile 1 odiod
man, and ilia' Ins pie-ent d'-abilit) 1- tiie n'-u^of an tnctir-
ablfi d'-ea-^e, con'm'-ted whil>t ni the At my and 111 the dis-
charge o| his <iut\.
hi view or the forecaing fact5!, and in conscqnence of the
valuable service of the petitioner, your coninnttee lepoit a
bill tor hi.- iehef. and recommend u  pas&aye.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed ovu\
NATHANIEL HAYWARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill (3.
No. 436) for the, ielief of Nathaniel Haywanl
the name of Silas Stevens, of the Stole of Virginia, Pa'
It proposes to empower the Commissioner of
rents to receive the application of Nathaniel
| Hay ward, for a rehearing of his application for a
! renewal of the patent for his invention of the com-
j lunation of sulphur and India rubber, granted on
j the 24th of February, 1839; w*hich application
I was made to a former Commissioner of Patents,
m manner required by law, and to proceed upon
the, application in the same manner as upon an
original application for an extension under the
patent laws, and to give public notice of the time
within which testimony may be taken and filed,
and of the time and placo of hearing, and to grant
or refuse a renewal o.f the letters patent in the same
manner and upon the same principles and with,
the same effect, as he is authorized by law to de-
cide upon such applications if made before the
original term of the patent has expired. All per-
sons who have heietofore, and since the expira-
tion of the original term of the patent, in good
fyith, set up woiks and actually catiied on the
business of manufacturing India rubber goods
according to tho invention, and with particular
icferonco to its use, are to enjoy tho right to use
the invention in the proserutionof tho business to
the same extent as they have heretofore done;
but this privilege is not to be enjoyed by any
peisons who had by themselves or by persons
under whom they claim, or to whose business
they have succeeded, set up works, or commenced,
or carried on, under any name or firm, the busi-
ness of nidnufacuuing under the patent prior to
the expiration of its original term, or to any pcr-
foiiM who had infringed upon it by manufacturing
goods without the license of the patentee.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object to that bill.
Tho bill was passed over.
PETER TREZVANT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 437) to lefund to the State of Georgia tho
amount paid by the said State to Peter Trezvant
for supplies "furnished certain troops during the
revolutionary war.
It proposes to refund to the State of Georgia
the sum of &35,5«55 42, with interest, at six per
centum, from the 1st of January, 18.18, paid by
that State, on the 1st of January, 1858, "to Peter
Trezvant, heir-at-law and attorney of the admin-
istrator of Robert Farquhar, deceased, for supplies
furnished by Robert Faiquhnr to the troops of
the State starioned near Savannah during the rev-
olutionary war, jf it bhall not appear that the State
ofGeoisria hn«j cither been repaid the amount or
received a credit tor payment made on account of
tin «e supplies, jn any settlement or adjustment
heret'ifoie made with that State on account of ad-
vances made or expenses incurred during the war
of the Revolution.
Mr. 11ALIS. Let the report be read.
Mr. KING. I object to the bill.
Mr. IVElt^ON. Hefore the Senator makes
oljection, allow mo one woid. There is no re-
pmt in thirt cape. It is due to tho Senate, and
due to the State of Georgia, that an explanation
should be made, and then, of course, the body
may dispose of the matter as they choose; I shall
hove nothing moie to say. Tire whole case is
embraced in a report made hy she Finance Com-
mittee of the ^taie of Georgia, in 1847, which I
\wll tead to the Senate, mid, if they will listen to
if, they will midersLuid the case without any dif-
ficulty ;
"Report
"The Fiaanee Committee, to whom was jeferred the pe-
nnon of Pen-r Ti ezvant, lunv had the fame under conpul-
eiation; and, nnei the juo^r inoiouuh -.(.tunny and patient
inve-t'iMtioii, aid^d by tti.j hi'tot- ot our predecessor, and
th<> -fM'ennnr uiV'\-tiLrai!'>n o- the able eonnm^ioners ap-
pointed in U-.'-!•% now hog lijave to otlei the tollavvnig pte-
<un!i e and te-oiotiO'i- .
•• Win I (ja1-. tiie "C \ecutive Connc-l ofGeoisia, on the 31 ?t
ot'Oefobrt, '"OD. anthui ni d the eonimt--ionei^ ot the State
to piucha^e ot R(,bes t raKjiiha1, a nieichant ol l'hailet ton,
^oiitli Ca'ohna. s-undiV :utiele-< ot clothing tor the noopsof
Geoi^ia, ihen quarteicd ueai Savannah, in a state ol gieat
de-iimnon, under ihe command ot Ouneial Jarne- Jackson,
and w inch pux ha-e amounted to the-uni of £7.fi&6 10.. I/?,
-lei huof money; and whereas, in i/^7. after the iailure or
iefu-.il ol tin' tftate of Geoigia to p i\ tins debt. Alexander
Chbhol.n, e\te;itoi of the said Jloh-ut Fai'inhai, biousht
hi-' -nit ust the Stat", m the Fedytal eoui t ot the I'm ted
State-, foi the money of tiie ^aine ; and alter a full hearing
ot the ea-e, a verdat was rendered m (avor of the plaintiff
for Ihe amount claimed. tnu> jnen nej; the v.ihditj ut ti.o con-
tiaot. anu fi * ju-st i;uhd):ed!iev^ ol the State ; ami wheier.s,
limine the p'MMkne-. of tin - mji* , 'he L->2i>s|a?ur(  of Georgia
ji i--ed a u'-o!'int)ii in O* ccinher, 1103, solemnlv plodsmii; its)
public taith aod honor iha!. in tno event the claim should be
1onnd in;tand true r •hoahl l>epab>; and win1 ted?, m Decem-
b'-r, 1704thv1 said claun, upon being audited under her au-
thor: fy, wa4- found just and ttue, and certificates were issued
