1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
been Republican votes. The namesake of the Del-
egate from Oregon might possibly have been one
of them. When that state of things was presented
to the consideration of gentlemen on the other
side, they demanded that Kansas should have the
full ratio of representation, to be ascertained by
a "census" "duly and legally taken." Now all
that I ask is, that when they come here with a
State which professes to be free, with Democratic
Senators; who are to serve during the next pres-
idential term, that they shall have meted out to
them precisely the same rule which they meted
out to Kansas. I am not prepared here, nor will
I sit by and aid in adopting one rule for the ad-
mission of a Republican State, and another rule
for the admission of a Democratic State. That,
aside from the constitution of Oregon, is the true
secret of the position of parties in this House on
this question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen on the other
side, and certainly a targe paajority of those who
voted against the Crittenden-Montgomery amend-
ment, propose now, without any change in the
condition of the Territories, to adopt for Oregon a
rule different from that which they adopted for
Kansas; and while gentlemen on the other side
have no difficulty in walking up to the mark, I
am sorry to see ibar many on this side are shak-
ing in their boots lest it should be charged that
Republican votes were cast against the admis-
sion of a free State. I have no difficulty in adopt-
ing, in this case, the same rule of justice which
they propose to apply to us.
, But, Mr. Speaker, aside from that, if the con-
stitution were unobjectionable, and the popula-
tion sufficient to entitle the Slate of Oregon to de-
mand admission, this would be no constderation
that should induce a statesman, acting on his re-
sponsibility, to refuse admission. 1 grant you
that.
It is said that Oregon proposes to come in as a
free State. Mr. Speaker, will any gentleman on
the other side of the House tell me, will the chair-
man of the Territorial Committee tell me and tell
the House, in his closing argument, how a negro,
held in slavery in Oregon, is to establish his free-
dom? If a white man shall take into the Tern-
toiy of Oregon, oi have theie, a black man, and
exercise control over him and his industry, and
make him a slave through the mere law of force,
liow is the slave to help himself? Can he go into the
courts and ask a writ of habeas corpus? No, sir;
for tins constitution says he can maintain no suit
in court. Can he bring an action for trespass or
for the recovery of the proceeds of his labor?
No, sir; for he can have no suit m court. Can
he bring an action to try the question ot his free-
dom, or the right of the claimant to his service?
No, sn; for he can bring no suit. And yet you
call this a fiee Slate, though you prescribe, in the
constitution, that a man shall not brins; the ques-
tion of his freedom in tiie only couit that has ju-
risdiction of the question.
That is not all. You are admitting a State into
the Union which is to have foreign commerce*,
which is to trade with all the world—with the
West India Islands; with Buzil; winch is to im-
port the productions of tropical climates—coffee,
sugar, cotton; and a large part of such trade is in
the hands of negroes and mulattoes. fn llayu,
in Jamaica, and elsewhere all over the woild, are
impoitmg mot chants, blacks and mulattoes, who
are sending tlvir goods to Oregon, and if they
sell upon credit there, they cannot bring a suit m
the Oregon courts to recover the value of their
cargo. Here then, sir, is your Oregon constitu-
tion—a fite-State constitution—which closes the
Oregon courts to them. He cannot go into the
Federal coutis, because the Died Scott decision
closes them to him. 1 pray you, in what sortof
condition will we be m respect to your foreign
relations 
Mr. SEWARD. Fie may sue by his-next friend.
Mr. GROW. Suppose he has no next friend?
Mr. STANTON. That will not answer. The
Oregon constitution says that class of persons
shall not sue; and I take it that that reaches the
parties in interest in the case, as well as the nom-
inal plaintiff upon the record. It is not only a
prohibition against the black man and mulatto to
sue in his own name, but against his substantially
maintaining his lights and mteiests in the couits
of Oregon. I undertake to say that, m the con-
stUutioa of no State of the Union, is there so bar-
barous a provision. No other State in this Con-
federacy, no such civilized and Christian country
upon God's footstool, ever before outlawed a
whole nation of people; and declared that they
should not have access to their courts to secure
their rights, but that they were castaways upon
nature's commons.
The remark of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr*
Seward] brings to my mind the remarks of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] day be-
fore yesterday, in which he assigned to the Repub-
lican party the condition of contending for negro,
equality. I do not apprehend that, upon the ques-
! tion of political and social equality of negroes, there
| is any Republican doctrine; nor do 1 understand
I that there is any Democratic doctrine upon that
; subject. I u-nderstand "thatthere is a great .variety
j of sentiment in various localities as to the politi-
j cal and civil rights which shall be extended to
I that class of population. Now, sir, there never has
| been, from any of the exponents of the principles
! of the Republican party, any allegation that it
; claimed equality in the exercise of political rights
| by the black population in any State of this Con-
I fcderac.y. The.tlepublican platform, as my senior
colleague [Mr. Giddings] says, does not touch
. the question at all; and it is a question about
! which Republicans and Democrats have leave to
, differ. I am willing rrfyself to admit that free ne-
; groes and mulattoes are an undesirable popuia-
. tion; that they are a degraded social caste in all
I the States of this Confederacy. I interpose no
( objection to a State for the discouragement of the
immigration of negroes and mulattoes into the
1 State. I would not extend to them equal politi-
cal privileges and political rights; because thereby
j it might tend to encourage negroes to come into
1 the State. So far as the constitution of Oregon
: comes, then, merely as a discouragement to that
■ class to come into that State, I make no objection;
j because that is a subject for them to decide, and
which I do not propose to interfere with. But,
I when they undertake to outrage the first princi-
I pies of civil liberty and of constitutional govern-
i ment, and to outlaw a race of people and make
them the subjects of cruelty of every description,
I it presents altogether a different question.
i There are one or two features in this constitu-
tion which have not yet been adverted to. The
thirty-seventh section of the bill of rights is an
■ extraordinary one. It provides that— jl
j The Legislative Assembly shall have power to restrain ; i
i and regulate the immigration to tins State of persons not !j
1 qualified to become citizens of the United States." |J
I do not know of any such persons. Here is jl
: an attempt, by indirection, to induce this Con- jl
gress, and especially the Republican members of 11
, it, to indorse the principles of theDred Scott de- j|
; cision, which announces t^at blacks and mulat- s
toes boi n in this country are incapable of becom- Ij
, mg citizens of the United States. It is all idle for
| thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] i'
1 to tell me that he is not sworn to see that the !j
, people of Oregon should observe the Constitution [j
i of the United States; because, as has been well
' said, this constitution is mere waste paper, and :|
' our votes will breathe into it the breath of life. ;j
By my vote, I am asked to give vitality to the i[
> principle of theDred Scott decision, which de- !|
dares that there is a class of persons m this cou^i- j
} try who are incapable of becoming citizens of tne |j
i United States. I would do no such tlfing, even ■;
1 if she had two of the best Republican Senator in j j
. the world. |J
s But that is not all. The Federal Constitution, ,;
as I understand that instrument, has itself taken |
| cognizance of the immigration, orimportation, or j
I whatever you may call it, of the description of;,
i persons who arc unquestionably alluded to in this !j
clause of the bill of rights of the constitution of;!
I Oregon. Congress is ernpoweied to prohibit their ,•
! immigration, and ithas done so under the penalty ■ j
j of death. And here is a power conferred upon
1 the Legislative Assembly of Oregon, tonullifyand
disregard that provision of the federal Constitu-
tion^and that act of Congress which prohibits
their importation, and authorizes that Legislative
Assembly to regulate it. What does it mean ? It
means to authorize the importation of coolies, and
that description of laborers which will practically
make Oregon a slave State, while tins constitution
protesses that it is a free State. It proposes to
do that in violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; and it proposes to do it in defiance of
the profession held out upon its face, that there
shall%be no involuntary servitude there.
For these reasons, and for numerous other rea-
sons which I could enumerate, I cannot vote for
the admission of Oregon under this fconstitution;
and I pray you, now, what hardship or harm is
to be done? Here is a constitution manifestly
repugnant to the mor^l sense of a great majority
of this House. It outrages your common sense,
Mr. Speaker, to say that negroes shall have no
redress for wrongs inflicted upon them. If Ore-
gon is rejected to-day, and required to reform her
constitution, and make it republican in form and
shape, she will be entitled to admission when she '
makes it " republican in form," and in couform-
ity with the Constitution of the United States,
and has a sufficient population.
But, sir, I admit that that is not an essential
consideration with me. A question of population
would not operate on my mind against the admis-
sion of a State, if the same rule is to be applied
alike to all other State®. But when I see, Mr.
Speaker, that your side of the House has rejected
a Republican State, and upon the express ground
that she shall not be a State until her population
is ascertained by a regular census to entitle her
to one Representative upon this floor, then I
will go for applying the same rule to the State of
Oregon, at the risk of whatever consequence; and
my colleague can make the most of it.*
It is idle, sir, to ignore in this controversy that
there is a struggle going on between the two sec-
tions of the Confederacy in reference to the prop-
agation of slave or free labor. If is no matter
for the time being whether a State constitution
may nominally be free or otherwise. If it brings
into the Federal councils, for the next presiden-
tial election, and for the next six years, votes that
will aid in the propagation of slaveiy, that is the
controlling influence, and the influence which now
operates for the procurement of the admission of
Oregon into the Union. Whatever she may pro-
fess as to having a free constitution and being a
free State, you, sir, know, as well as I do, how
these Senatois will vote on all questions affecting
the peculiar institution. They will not differ from
you, Mr. Speaker, unless you arc more conserv-
ative than they are. They will go as far as you
dare go. A State occupying this position always
does, and I take it, always will.
Gentlemen will probably avail themselves of
the votes of Oregon for the next six years to
come. They will avail themselves of them in the
next presidential election. They may possibly
avail themselves of the vote in this House, in the
election of a President; and have an equal vote
cast by the Representative of that State with that
.cast by myself and my twenty colleagues from
Ohio. This may all be so; but, sir, it will not
stay the onward march of events. Oregon, like
all other free States, must bow to that manifest
destiny which proclaims, if this controversy be
kept up, that she must be upon the side of free-
dom. It may not come to-day, and it may not
come to-monow; but it will ultimately come. If
gentlemen at present avail themselves of the three
electoral votes of Oregon, the time will come when
she will have ten, and more, and then they will
be upon the other side. You may retard the prog-
ress of events, but you cannot prevent the ulti-
mate ascendency of freedom and free labor in thjs
Confederacy.
The SPEAKER. The hour fixed for closing
the debate, and.for taking the vote on the Oregon
bill, has arrived.
Mr. KELSEY. Is the previous question called ?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House,
adopted the other day, is practically the same as
the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, being entitled,
under the rule, to one hour to close the debate, ad-
dressed the committee at length, in reply to the
various arguments urged against the passage of
the bill. [This speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the amendment of thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Before that is done, I hope
the House will allow all the amendments, of which
notice has been given, to come in, that the action
of the House may be had on them; reflecting, as
they do, the opinions of members of the House
upon this important question, opinions honestly
