1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
and sincerely entertained. I trust, as the gentle- !
man has said who has just taken his seat, that
there will be no effort to display parliamentary
tactics; or, in his language, to take a snap-judg-
ment. Let every sentiment on this question be
fairl^expressed.
Mr, SMITH, of Tennessee. I object to any
amendment, unless the gentleman offering it
pledges himselfto vote for the bill.
Mr. MAYISTARD. I ask that my amendment
be read. I save notice of it some days ago.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that,
in fairness, the amendments which were indicated
should be taken up in the order in which they
were offered. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Grow] first indicated his amendment,
then the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] then the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
iiam] 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is not mine the first
proposition to recommit with instructions?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw the
motion to recommit. I think that the gentle-
man's motion will be the first voted on if the
Chair holds it to be in order. I hold it to be out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] at the time, objected to
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana.
He would not yield the floor to allow it to come in.
Mr. GROW. I objected if, by that motion, my
own amendment would be cut off. I think that
the gentleman appealed to mp at the time I was
\ipon the floor, and 1 would have yielded to him
if it would not have prevented me offering my
amendment.
The SPEAKER.. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, can just as well be enter-
tained after all the amendments are in, as at the
present time.
, Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then, of coursc, the
jirst vote wili recur on my motion. If that be so,
1 have'no objection.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be on
the motion to recommit.
Mr. GrowSs amendment was then reported by
the Clerk, as follows:
Add the following as an additional section :
Sec. —. Jind be it fmlhei enacted, Tii.it so much of an
act entitled ''An act for the ad nation of the Stale of Ivau^nsj
into the Union,55 approved the 4th day o! May, A D 18)8.
as provides that '• vvnenevcr, and not beibie, it t^ ascer-
tained, by a census duly and legally taken, that the popu-
lation ol said Territory equals or exceed-? the ratio oi rep-
resentation requited lot a member of the Motive of Repre-
sentatives of the Congie-s or the United States/5 be, and
the same is hereby, lepoaled.
Mr. ENGLISH. Is it now in order to offer
an amendment to the pending amendment?
The SPEAKER, it is not.
Mr. GROW. I propose to modify my amend-
ment by adopting an amendment prepared by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] and ac-
cepted by the gentleman trom Oiiio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] as a substitute for his.
The amendment was lead, as follows:
Amendment in the nature of a substitute for Senate bill
(No. 0;J9) loi the admission ot Oregon into the Ltnon:
Btrike out the pie.unble of the bill, and all ait. r the en-
acting clause, and msett alter the enacting clause the lol-
lowim;:
The inhabitants', being citizens of the United State, and
legal vot(si5 oi s-uoh portion'-ot the 'iVimorK~ ot Oiego.i and
Kansas! a  are embraced vtihni the following hunt-, to v \i:
Fust. Such inhabitants ot the Teiiiioiy ot Oxegon, within
the ioliovviuy hunts :
Bigs.ining one maime league at sea, due we<st from the
point whi'iv the totrv->e-'-ond parallel of north latitude in-
tellect® tne same; thence northerly. at the same distance
from the line ut tne cou^t, 1; inswept and oppoeite tbeStai*,
including ail elands within the jutisdienon ol ttte united
State*, to a pourt due we?>t ami opposite the middle of the
north sdnp channel of the Columbia 11\ er, them-: ea-teiiy.
to and up the middle channel ol -..nd liver, and. where it is
divided bj Hand-, up the middle or the widest channel
thereof, to a point near Fort Walla-Waha. where the !<>rt\-
si\"th paiailel ot north latitude eio^e.- t-aid uv<t; theoee
past, on said paiailel, to the twiddle of the mam channel of
the tilio; hones or Snake river; thence up the middle of the
mam channel of said liver, to the rnoutn of theOvvjhee
river; thence due south.to the parallel o; latitude forty-two
degrees north ; thence west.along sa;d parallel, to the place
of besnimuii j and ? u< h inhabitants, of the Territory ot knn-
s-as. who are eiii/,>'ns oi the UnU"d States, within the fol-
lowing himt> I>t'g nnir,a on tue western boundary of tne
State ot Mis?oui!, u hete ilie thirty-seventh paulh lot noith
latitude eio--e-i the -ame ; thence we-t on sa-rt paiailel to
the on-Um.dred and fiis-t Mendun oflonj-ttude: thenceforth
on stud meridian to Urn torue'li pai.iUel o*'latitune ; thence^
ea^t on s-aid p rrnljrl of latitude to the we-tern hcmndaiy of
the Suite ot Miv-ouit; induce M ndiuaid wall sain bound-
ary to tne b^uinniii'i, hp. r\nd they are hereby, leffectively
authorized to foun ioi ihenirfelves constitutions and Stare
governments, and to come into the Union upon an equal
looting with the original States, according to the Federal
Constitution.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, Thar on the first Tups-
day of June next, such inhabitants in each representative
distnct, then existing wrShin the limits ot the s$iri proposed
States, aie hereby authorised t,o elect two delegates tor
each lepresentative to which said district may he entitled
according to the ratio which may then cxi?t (or represent-
atives to the Territorial Legislatures, which election for
delegates shall bp held and conducted and the return* made,
in all respects in conformity with the then existing laws of
said Terntories, ie«peetively legulanng the election of
representatives; and the delegates &o elected for each of
said Territories, shall assemble at the capital of their pi oper
Territory on the fir^t Tae-dav in July next, and first de-
termine each tor their proper Terntorv, by a vote whether
it is the wish of the people of the proposed State to be ad-
mitted into the Union at that time ; and if so, shall proceed
each, for their proper Teiritory, to form a constitution m
republican form, and take ail necessary steps tor the es-
tablishment of a State government, m eonfoimity with the
Federal Constitution, subject to the approval and laufiea-
tion of the people or the, particular Territory to be afl'ected
thereby.
Sec. 3. JJnd be it further enacted. That in the event said
conven tions, or either of them, shall decide in favor of the
immediate admission of the proposed State into the Union,
it shall be the duty of the United States marshals for said
Territones, or the martial of said Territory so deciding, to
pioceed to take a census or enumeration of the inhabitants
within the limits of the proposed State, under such rule-,
and regulations as shall be prescribed by the Sectetary of
the Interior, with a view of ascertaining tiie number of
Representatives to winch said proposed State may be enti-
tled in the Congress of the United States; and each -said
State shall be entitled, until the next apportionment, to one
Representative, and such additional Representatives as the
population of the State shall show it to be entitled to, ac-
cording to the cen&us and the pic&ent ratio of ^presenta-
tion.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the following
propositions be, and the tame are hereby, offered to the
sard conventions ot delegates for then freeaeceptance or re-
jection, which, if accepted by the conventions, or either of
them, shall beobligatoiy upon the Uaur-d States and upon
the '<aid State so accepting, to wit: Fn-4 The'•ections
numbered sixteen and thirty my in every township o( pub-
lic lands in said State, and wbete either of «aid sections, or
any part thereof, ha? been t-old or otherwise disposed of.
other lands equivalent tlieieto, and as contiguous as may
be, shall be granted to said State for the use ot school-..
Second That seventy two sections of land shitll be set
apart and reserved for the Us,> and suppoit of a State uni-
versity, to be selected by the Governor of said Slate, sub-
ject to the approval of the Commissioner ot the General
Land Otfice, ami to be appropi rated and applied in «ueh
manner as the Legislature of said Stue may prescribe lor
the puipo^e afoiesaid, but foi no other purpose. Third.
That ten entne sections of land, to be selet ted by the Gov-
ernoi of s-aid State, in legal subdivisions, shall bo granted
to said State for the puipose of completing the pubhe build-
ings, or for the erection of other-., at the MNtt of Govern-
ment, undei the direction of the Lf gi>l<ituie theie. Four lit.
That all salt spnngx within sard Stare, not exceeding twelve
in number, with six sections of land adjoining, or as con-
tiguous as maybe to each, shall be gianted to said State for
its u-je, the same to be selected by the Governor thereof
within one year after tiie admission of said State: and when
so si lected, to be Used or dispo^d ot on fitch tei m*, con-
ditions, and letiulatioiis, as the Lecis|,itux; shall direct .
jP i o rid I'd, That no salt -spring or land, the i ighr whereof !s
now vested m any individual or individuals, or whieh may
liereaftei be confirmed or adjudged to anj individual or in-
dividuals, shall by tins article be granted to .aid State
Fifth That fire pei centum of the net proceeds of sales of
all public hinds l\ nig within said State wiin-h shall be sold
by Consiess after the admission of '-.ud State into the
Union, after deducting ail the expense-, incident to the
same, shall be paid to said State lor the purpo-e of making
public road-and interunl rmpiov'ments as the l^gislahne
shall d.rect- Prondedi That the fore^oinir proposition?
herein orfWed are on the condition that the ^aid conven-
tion which shall loan the const,timon of said State, shall
piovidc, by a clan-e hi <:nd constitution, or an ordinance
iriexoeahlo without the con-eat o! the United ^rues, that
said State shall never mleiicie with th- primary dispo-al
of tne soil within tin: same by the United States, or with
any regulations <\.ngn'-& nny ^id n •< "s>.ny for .rcurri1.'
the titles tn said soil to bona f:,.c t uich<is'is tii"reo'; and
that no tax shall be imposed on lands belonging to the
Uni'ed States, and that in no case shall uou-residetit pio-
pui-toi.- bo laved higher than re-ideni^.
S^o.o. The prohibition contained in the first section of
the act of the pic-ent Congress, entitled -'An act lor the
adniis-ion of nie S'ate of Kansas into the UnM.i,'" nppioved
May 4, 1S3S, being inconsistent lierew th3 is heieby le-
pealed.
Mr. SANDIDGrE. [s that offered as a substi-
tute for tho original bill?
Mr. GROW. It is a substitute for the bill.
Mr. SANDIDGE. i make the point of order
that it cannot be received under the rules of the
House. It is applicable to another Territory
than that of Oregon; and is not, therefoie, ger-
mane to the bill before the llou^e
Mr. GROW, There can be no doubt upon the
mind of any member that an enabling act for Ore-
gon would be entirely ffortnane to thip bill as a sub-
stitute for it. The siabj^ct of the bill is the trans-
forming of the Teintory of Oregon nito a Sta^e,
so that the general subject of legislation ts the
change of a Territory to a JStaie. Now, to do
the same thin?-, requiring exactly tiie same kind
of legislation, for another Territory, is perfectly
germane; for it has been ruled in the House, over
and over again, that a bill which proposes to grant
alternate sections to a particular State for rail-
roads, may be amended by extending the same
provisions to any other States.
Mr, HOUSTON. I think the ruling has been
exactly the reverse.
Mr. GROW. No, sir. Mr. Banks decided,in
# case where the point was raised, that it was
competent to amend in that way.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In 1852, the
question of order was raised by Mr. Grey, of
Kentucky, and the then Speaker ruled it to be
in order, and his decision was sustained by the
whole House.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Boyd and Mr. Banks so
ruled in two particular instances that I remember.
Now, the general subject of legislation is the ad-
mission of a State; and the only question now
is, whether locality is to control the subject?
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels no difficulty
in deciding the question of order. The bill which
the House is acting upon is a bill for the admis-
sion of Oregon into the Union. The proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is a propo-
sition making an enabling act for Oregon and
Kansas. The Chair rules the amendment out of
order under the 55th rule of the House, which is
as follows:
"No motion or proposition, on a subject different from
that under consideration, shall be admitted under color of
amendment.5'
Mr. GROW. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; and will state briefly the
ground of my appeal. >
Mr. HOUSTON. An appeal is not debatable.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to debate it;
but I have a right to state the ground of my ap-
peal. The rule which has just been read provides
"that no motion orproposition, on a subject dif-
ferent from that under consideration, shall be ad-
mitted under color of an amendment." 1 grant
that; but the subject before the House is the ad-
mission of a State. It is a general subject, and
applicable to all States; otherwise, we could have
no general legislation. The title is but a specific
designation of this bill; but tiie general subject
covers all that class of legislation; so that I think
my amendment is m order.
Mr HOUSTON". I move to lay the appeal
upon the table. Upon that I call the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Baiksdale. Ti.irr, Bocoek, Conham. Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Burnett, Bum.-, Caiutliers, Caskie, Cavanau^h, John B.
Clark, Clay, Cobb. John Cochrane, Coeketill, Corning;,
Cox, .],uiie.-> Crui<i, 15 u nun Ct aigc, Crawl or d, < - uny, David-
<.oii D.w- ol ."\Ii-si-,ippi, Dewart, Dimmit k, Dowdell. Ed-
mitndson. Elliott, English, Faulkner, Fioieuee, Foley. Gar-
nett. Car oell, Gill if, Gonde. Greenwood, Gie«^, Lawrence
VV Hall, Hatch, llawkm-!. Hill. Hodges. Hopkins,Houston,
Hughes, !luvler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jeuett, George W.
Jon. ;s. Ow. n Jone-', Kent. J.roob M. Kunkei, Lamar,
Land\, L.iwreri'e, L( :d\, Letehei. Maclay, McKibbm,
MeUneen. JWeKao, vSan.uel ri. Mnisball, Ma-son. IVIayoarfl,
Miles, Mi'lei, Millr-on, Monigonieiy, Moore. Xrtilack. Nreh-
o!-. lY'i<!!"t<i!i, fej ton Joiin > piicip^ V\ Hiram VY. Phelps,
Phillip*, Powell, Hratly, R'-asno, Rerlty, Ru lhi, I'aHf-ell,
^aii(h(lii<v. Savage, Heale*, rieoit, ^^ann-jv^ewaid. Aaron
Shaw, Heni v .M. Sh.iw. rShoi ter, tackles, .^m^leton, Robert
yinitli. Samuel A- rfmuti, William tfiinitt, Stalhvoith, Sle-
pt i. n-.' St"Vi'iison, J,not"? A Sti'wai t. Talbot, George Tay-
lor. Miloa. Tavioi, Tnavur. Tujvpe, Endeauoodj "\railand:g-
harn, Var.ce,'Ward, Watknis. Worte. Wintelev, Woodson.
Wortendvke, Au^ustua R. Wii^nt, John V. Wright, ana
ZolbcofTer—i-b.
NAYS—Messr-,. Abbott, Aridiew*, Bilhnghurst, Bing-
ham. Blair, fiiauon, J'.ntnnto'i. Biuhnirame. Bnnoujiha,
('ai-e. ChatT'ee, Ciiaoman, Ezra Clark. Horace F. Clark,
Clawson. Chnk B. Coclnane, Colfax. Covode, Ciagin. Cur-
tis. b.tvjs ot Maryland, Davi  of Indiana Davis 6f Iowa,
Jia.vc-s, J)oan, L>irk, Dodd, Dnrtee, Edre, Farnswoith,
i'euton, Fo^tci, Guiding. Gil man, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gran-
{£tr, Gio-.v, Robert B. Hall, Hat Ian, Haiti^ Ha-^km, Hoard,
Hniton, Howau), Keun, Kellogg, Ivel.sey, Kilcore, Knapp,
John C. Kunkt'l, Leaen, Leiter, Lovejov, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matte-oii, Morgan. Monill, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Moise. Mott, Munay, Ohn,
Patmtr, Paiker, Pettit. Pike, P.-tter, Pot,He, Puiviancfc,
Riefiud. Robbing, Robeit^, Royee.John Slier man, Judson
\V. Slieriuan. Spinner, StantOii. Wfliiam Stewart, Tappan,
pJ'ny:np-on. Tennp^inWade. WalhiM^e. Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Wa<bbnrn. Cliihu B. Wathburue, iisiaul
WMshnuni. Wilson, and Wood—OJ.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Dnnn  lii" cail.
Mr. B(JRL12sGAMK stated that Mr. Davis,
of Massachusetts, was detained from the House
bv severe indisposition.
