1008
THE CO NGRESSfONA?L GLOBE.
February 12.
Mr. GROW. I now offer myamendment, as
it originally stood before it was modified.
Mr. ENGLISH. If it is order, I desire to
offer a substitute far that section.
Mr, SAND1DGE. I make a point of -order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. TWc Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order, upon the same ground as the
other"amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. GROW. I will not take an appeal, al-
though I think the decision of the Chair and of
the House is wrong.
TJie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. MaynardJ offered an amendment to
the original btll, which will now be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Insert as additional sections the following:
Sec. 6. And be \t further enacted, That this act shall
take effect only upon the following conditions: first, that
it be ascertained by a census, duly and legally taken, that
the population included and residing withm the limits ot
the proposed Stateot Oregon equalsor exceeds the ratio of
representation required lot a member of the House of Repie-
seriiatives ot the Congress, of the United State?; and, second,
that the question oi admission with the following proposition
be submitted to a vote of the people of the said proposed
State,'and assented to by them, oi a majority of the voters
voting at an election to be held for that purpose, namely;
that section two ot article two of the constitution framt^l at
Salem, on the 18th day of September, in the year ofoui t-ord
1857. shall be changed, to read as follows: "'Sec. 2. in all
elections not otherwise provided by this constitution,every
white male citizen of the United States, of the ago of twenty-
one years and upwards, whoshaJI have resided in the State
during the six months immediately preceding such election,
shah be entitleu to vote at ail elections authorized bylaw;"
apd in this form shall be and remain as a part of the constitu-
tion dfsaid State. At the said election the voting shah be by
ballot, ami by indorsing on bib ballot, as-each voter may he
pleased, '• citizen suffrage"' or " alien suffrage." Should a
majority of the votes cast be for " citizen suffrage," and
should the census to be taken show a population equal-
ing or exceeding the ratio of representation lequiied for a
membei of the House ot Representatives of the Congress of
the United Stares, the President of the Utufed States, as
soon as these facts are duly made known to iimi, shall an-
nounce tlie same by proclamation; and thereafter, and
without any further pioceedings on the pait ot Congress,
this act, and every part thereof, shall taue effect, and the
admission of the State of Oregon into the Union upon an
equal footing uith the original Slates in all respects What-
ever shall be absolute arid compleie
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the election au-
thorized by this act shall be held at the same places, and by
the same officers, as elections heretofore in the Territory
of Oregon, and at such tune after the parage of this act,
and its official publication m said Territory, as the Gover-
nor of said Territoiy may, by proclamation, designate, the
day to be ad early a one as is consistent with due notice
thereof to the people of said Territoiy. subject to the pro-
visions of this act: Provided, That, in the election heieby
authorised, ail white male inhabitants of said Territoiy over
the age of twenty-one years, and who are citizens of the
United States, shall be allowed to vote ; and this shall he
the only qualification required to entitle the voter to the
right of sufiuige in said election. And if any pen-on not so
qualified, shall vote, or offer to vote, or if any person shall
vole more than once at said election, oi sh.ill make, ot
cause to be made, any fahe, fictitious, or fraudulent returns,
or shall altei or change any letuin? of said election, such
prison shall, upon conviction thereof belbie any court of
competent jurisdiction, be Kept at hard laboi not less than
six month*, and not moie than thiee \ears.
Sec 8. And be it farther enacted, That for their service*
in holding said elections, the officer shall be entitled toie-
ccivethe same compensation aa is given for like services
under the territoual laws.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Hill] offered an amendment to the
original bill, which wiil now be read.
The Clerk, read as follows:
Strike out all after the word that," in section one, and
insert the following in heu thereof; and strike out secuon
three.
Whenever it is ascertained by a census, duly end legally
taken, that the population of the Territoiy of Oiegon eond'is
or exceeds the iano of lepresentation required for a mem
her of the Jlouse oi llepiesentanves oi the Congress oi the
United States, Oiegon shall be iocei\td into the Union on
an equal footing with the other States in all lespecf what
ever, with the following boundaries: In order ttiat the
boundaries of the State may be known and established, u
is hereby ordained and declared that the State of Oregon
shall be "bounded as follows, to wit: Beginning one maime
league at sea due west from the point where the forty-sec-
ond parallel of not ih latitude intersects the same; thence
northerly, at the some distance from the line ot, the coast,
ljingwe^t and opposite the State, including all islands
with'm the jurisdiction of the United Stater-, to a point due^
wes-t and opposite the middle of the north ship channel of
the Columbia river; thence easterly to and up the middle
channtl of said river, and, where il is divided by islands,
up the middle of the widest channel thereof, to a point ne<u
Fort Walla-Walla, where the forty-sixth parallel of north
latitude crosses said river; thence east, on said parallel, to
the middle of the main channel of the Shoshonesor Snake
river, thence up the middle of the mam channel of said
river to the mouth of the Ow\ hee uver; thence due south
to the parallel of latitude 42°'degrees north; then'"'' west,
along said parallel, to the place of beginning, including ju-
risdiction m civil and criminal cases upon the Columbia
nver and Snake river,'concurrently with States and Terri-
tories of winch those rivers form a boundary in common
with this State.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
the two amendments which have been read are
the only amendments whichF'can be entertained to
the original bill. Thcgentlcman from Ohio, Mr.
Bingham, gave notice that he would ofFer the fol-
lowing substitute:
Strike out the preamble ami all after the enacting clause
and insert the following:
Whereas the people of Oiegon have framed, ratified, and
adopted a constitution of State government preparatory to
their admission into the Union as a State ; and whereas said
constitution does not conform to the Constitution and the
laws of the United States : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate aud House of Representatives
of the United States of Amencain Congress assembled, That
the inhabitants of that portion of the Territory of Oregon
which is embraced within the following limits, to wit:
beginning one marine league at sea due west from the point
where the forty-second parallel of noith latitudeinterseets
the same : thence northerly, at the same distance from the
line of the coast, lying west and opposite the State? includ-
ing all islands within the jurisdiction of the United States, to
a point due west and opposite the middle of the north ship
i channel of the Columbia river; thence easterly, to and up
' the middle channel of said river, and where it is divided by
island*, up the middle ol the widest channel thereof, to a
point near Port Walla-Walla, where the forty sixth paral-
lel of north latitude c losses said river; thence east, on said
parallel, to the middle of the mam channel of the Sho-hones
or Snake river; thence up the middle of the main channel
of said i iver to the mouth of the Owyhee river; thence due
south to the parallel ot latitude 42° north; therice west,
along said parallel, to the place ot banning, be, arid hereby
: are, authorized to form a constitution as hereinafter pro-
vided.
Sec. "2, And be it further enacted. That the said State of'
Oregon shall have concunent junsdiction on the Columbia
and all other rivers and waters boidenng on the said State
ol Oregon, so far as the same shall form a common bound
ary to said State and any other State or States now or here-
after to be formed oi bounded by the same; and said river
and waters, and the navigable waters leading into the same,
shall ho common highways, and forever free, a-> well to the
inhabitants oi said State as to all othei citizens of the Uni-
ted States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll, therefor.
Skc. 3. And be it Jurthefr enacted, That, on the first Mon-
day m October next, the citizens of the United States who
aie legaUvoters, lesident m each fepresentative district then
existing within the [units of the proposed State, are hereby
authorized to elect two delegates for each representative to
which .-aid district may he entitled aecoidmg to the appor-
tionment for Rcpie-sentatwes to the Territoual Legnlatuie;
which election for delegates sliaii be held and conducted,
and the returns made, in all respects m conformity with
the laws of said Territoiy regulating the election of repre-
sentatives ; arid the delegates so elected shall assemble at
the capital of said Teiritory on the first Monday m Novem-
ber next, and first determine, by a vote, whether it is the
wish of the people of the proposed State to he admitted into
the Union at that, time ; and it'so, snail proceed to form a
constitution, and take all the necessary steps lor the estab-
lishment of a State government, in conioimiry with the
Federal Constitution, sublet to the approval and ratifica-
tion of the people ol the proposed State.
Sec. 4 And he itfuither enacted, That, m the event said
convention «hall decide in favor of the immediate admis-
sion ot' the proposed State into the Union, until the next
congressional apportionment the said State shall have one
Representative m the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States.
Skc. 5. And be it furl tier evaded, That, from and after
the admission ot the State of Oregon into The Union m pui-
"ftianco of thi*. act, the laws of toe United Stores, v. 1'jch are
not locally inapplicable, shall have the same foiceaud effect
within tiie State of Oregon as elsewheie within the United
Slates ; and said State shall constitute one district, and be
called the dishiet of Oiegon ; and a district court shall be
hehl therein, to consist of one judge, who shall tcsidc m the
said distuCt.'and be caiied a uistnct judge. lie shall hold,
at tne .s<,at ot government ot said State, two 'cs^ions an-
nuallv. on the first Mondays in January and July ; and he
shad, in all things, have and exeicise the -ajrie junsdiction
and p )\vers winch were, hv law, given to the judge of the
Kentucky district, undei an act entitled. *'x\n act to estab-
lish the ju'hfiul court-- ofwiie United States." He shali ap-
point a eU;ik *br s.ud dist;;er, who shall reside and keep the
leeouis of said court at The place of holding the same.
Sfc fi And be u fw ther enact tJ, Tnaf there shall be ap-
poiuied iii said distnet. a pei o/i learned in the law, to act
as attorney of the United ^tate- ; aud there shall also be
uppo.nted a mai-hal for srs'ti d^tnet,who shall perform the
. same duties and he subject to the same regulations and pen-
I' alti8« as aie prescribed to marshal-. in other districts,
j I ritu. 7. Am! oe it furtherenacted,That the di-tnct judge,
![ attorney, clerk, and marshal, contemplated bv tins act,
shall eae!) *>e allowed the same compensation and fees that
die seveially allowed the same others m the State of Cal-
ifornia b\ av tof Congress, to he pan! m the «ame manner.
Sec. b. And he it further enacted* That the following
propositions be, and the same arc hereby, offeted tothe ^wl
convention of the people of Oiegon lor their free accept-
ance or rejection, which, if accepted hy the convention,
shall bo obligatory on the United States"and upon said State
oi Oiegon. to wit:
F.rU. Tnat sections number sixteen and thirty-six m
even' township of pnMic lands in said State, and where
either of sata sections or any part thereof 1ms been sold or
otnerwi^e been disposed of. other lands equivalent thereto,
and as conngnou.- as may be, shall he granted to said State
for the tw; or schools.
Scond. That seventy two sections of land shall be set
apaitand reserved foi the use-and support of a State uni-
versity, to be selected by the Governor of siiid Stare, sub-
ject to the appioval of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, to be appropriated and applied in euch a man-
ner as the Legislature of said State may prescribe for the
purpose aforesaid, but for no other purpose.
Third. That ten entire sections of land, to be selected
by the Governor of said State, in legal subdivisions, shall
be granted to said State for the purpose of completing the
public buildings, or for the election of others at thereat of
government, under the direction of the Legislature thereof.
Fourth. That all salt sprrng3 within said State, n'ot ex-
ceeding twelve in number, with six sections of laud adjoin-
ing, or as"contiguous as may be to each, shall be granted to
said State for its use ; 'the same to be selected by the Gov-
ernor theieof within one year after the admission of said
State, and, when so'selected. to be used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, aud regulations, as the Legislafuie
shall direct: Provided, That no sail spring oi land, the right
whereof is now vested in any individual or individuals, or
which may be heieafterconftimed or adjudged to any indi-
vidual or individuals, shall, by this article, be granted to
said Staie.
Fifth. That five per centum of the net proceeds of sales
of ail public lands lying within said State which shall be
sold by Congress after the admission of satd State into the
Union, artei deducting all the expenses incident to the
same, shall be pud to said State for the purpose of making
public roads and internal improvements, as the Legislature
shall direct: Provided, The foregoing propositions herein
offered are on the condition that the said convention which
shall form the constitution of said State shall provide, by a
clause in said constitution, or an oidinance, irrevocable
without the consent of the United States, that said State
shall never interfere wifh the primary disposal of the soil
vvithikn the same by the United States, or with any regula-
•tions'Congress may find necessary for secunng the title in
said soil to bona fide purchasers thereof; and that no tax
shall be imposed on lands belonging to the United States,
and that m no case sliaW non-resident proprietors be taxed
higher than residents. '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky moves to amend the substitute by striking
it out, and inserting the following in lieu thereof:
Whereas, the people of Oregon have framed a constitu-
tion under winch they piopo.se to be admitted as a State into
this Union, it being rcpiesented that the population of said
State is sufficiently numerous to be entitled, on the existing
ratio of repiesentation, to one Representative on the floor
of the House of Itepi eseritatives ; and whereas it is the
sense of Congress that the extension ot the right to vote for
a member of the House of Representatives of the United
States to a person neither native or naturalized according
to the act of Congress, is-violative of the spiut and true
meaning of the Constitution of the United States; and
whereas, the constitution of the State of OiegOti contains
a provision graining such extension to aliens without nat-
uralization • Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent/Olives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled. That
whenever it shall appear, by a census taken by the oider of
the Governor of Oiegon Territory, that Oregon contains
ninety-three thousand people, Oregon shall be admitted as
' a State into this Union, on an equal footing with the origin-
al States m all* re.-poets whatever, upon the fundamental
j condition that the second clause of the second article of the
! constitution now submitted to Congress, and embraced m
. the following woids, to wit. and evciv white male offor-
! eign birth, of the age ot twentv-one yeai-> and upwards, who
' shall have tesided in the United Slates one j ear, find shall
, have lesidedin this State during the six months nnmedi-
; ately preceding said election, and shall have declared his
I intention to become a citizen of the United States one year
■ preceding such election, co.ifot mabiy to the laws of the Uni-
i ted States on the subject of naturalization, shall be entitled
: to vote at all eic ctM-ns authoi ized by law" shall never be
! constnr'd to authonze the said poisons of foieign birth,
! and not natuialized, to vote for membeis of the House Of
j Representatives of the United Slates at any election for
j such m said Stat" : Pioudcd, The people of Oregon, re-
i assembled in convention, shall absent to said fundamental
i condition, and shall transmit to the Piesident ot the United
I States, on oi before the first day of November, 1859, an
i authentic copv of said amendment to said constitution, and
! a ceitified return of said census; upon the leceipt whereof,
I the President of the United State*, bv proclamation, shall
! announce the fact; whereupon, and without any further
1 pioceedmg^ on the part of Co"gte s, the admission of the
! said State~of Oiegon into the Union shall be considered as
1 complete.
I Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stood that all these amendments were to be voted
on in their turn, in the order in which they were
ofFeied. I do not think, therefore, that my amend-
ment can be regarded'as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. My
amendment is a substitute for the original bill, if
the gentleman's amendment is adopted, then
mine will be excluded. If the gentleman's be
not adopted, I want the vote to come between my
amendment and the original bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Of course, the
question will be between the two substitutes. If
the House adopt the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kr-ntucky, then the question^will be
between his substitute and the original bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think that
my amendment will stand a better chance if the
vote is first taken on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. There may be votes against
mine in the hope of getting his. I presume the
first votes will be on the motions to amend the
original text.
