THECONGRESSIONAI GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COx\GRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1859.
New Series No. 6,4* •
The SPEAKER. The vote will be first taken
on amending the original text; and then on tjie
substitutes. - «
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then, I will
offer my substitute after the vote is taken upon the
substitute of the gentleman from Ohio, of course
provided that is rejected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
previous question to be practically operating.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Was the
main question ordered?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House su-
perseded it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then, let
it go. I have only to say that my amendment is
the best one of the two, [laughter;] and, if there
be no objection, I will modify my amendment.
Instead of " ninety-three thousand," let it stand
" ninety-three thousand four hundred and twen-
ty." That is the accurate number.
No objection being made, the amendment was
modified accordingly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now submit my
motion, that the bill (S. No. 239) be recommitted
to the Committee on Ter/itories, with instructions
to insert a clause therein, or add a section thereto,
repealing so much of the act entitled "An act for
the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union," approved May 4, 1858, as prohibits the
people of Kansas from fo lining a constitution, and
asking admission into the Union as a State,until
(i it is ascertained by a census, duly and legally
taken, that the population of said Territory equals
or exceeds the ratio of representation required for
a member of the House of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I make a point
of order on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion in the form in which it is presented.
It is an instruction to one of the committees of
the House-to do that which the House itself can-
not do.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana.' I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I will not occupy the time
of the House with giving reasons for the appeal.
I am satisfied myself that the motion is in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. STANTON. Is the question divisible
between recommitting and the instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible, as the
gentleman can satisfy himself by an examination
of the proposition. If one were voted down,
could the other stand alone? That is the test of
the divisibility of a proposition under the rules.
If the motion to recommit falls, what has the other
portion of the motion to stand upon?
Mr. STANTON. That, peihaps, is a ques-
tion for the House to decide. The House might
very well vote to recommit for other purposes,
than with instructions.
The SPEAKER. That may be done by an
independent motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to lay on the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Alii, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Rarr, Bonham, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Bryan, Burnett,
Uurns, Caiuthei?:, Cavanaugh, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb,
John' Cochrane, Cockeri!!, Corning, Cox, James -Craig,
*Burton Crmgc, Crawfotd, Curry. Davidson, I)avn of Mis-
sissippi, Dfcwart, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundsoe, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley,Gainett,Gartrell, Gd-
lis Goode, Gieenwood, Gregg.Law renee \V. flail, flams,
Hawkins', Ihli, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huy-
lei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Owen
Jones, Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel. Lamar, Lawrence, Leidy,
Letcher, Maclav, McKibhm, McUueen, McRao, Samuel
8. Mat.vhail, Ma^on, Maynard, Miles, Millet, Million,
Mooie, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John J?. Phelps, Wil
J i a in W. Phelps, Phillips. Powell, Ricaud, Ruffin, Russell,
SaudiUgM. Savasre, Scales. Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, licmy M SJiavv, Shorter. Sickles, Singleton, Sam-
uel A. Smith. William Smith, Suilwoith, Stephens, Ste-
wiHon, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vallaudigltam, Vance, Ward,
Watkms, White, Whiteley, Wmslow, Woodson, Worten-
64
d3n3 Augustus R" WnSht)John v- Wright,and Zollicoffer
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, BiMinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngaoie, Bur-
roughs, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F.
Clark, dawson, Clark B Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Cra-
gin, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster,
Giddings, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. ai 1, Harlan, Haskiti,"Hatch, Hoard, Hoiton, Howard,
Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. ItunUel,
Laady, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mat-
teson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, JEdwaid Jov Moiri*.
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse. Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Murray, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Porter,
Pottle, Purvtance, Reilly, Robbins, Roberts, Royce. Judsou
W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbridge, Waidron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson,and Wood
—95.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. REILLY said that he had stated to his
people before the last election, that whenever the
question came before the House whether or not
the " English restriction" should be repealed,
he tfould vote for its repeal; he therefore voted
" no.5'
The question recurred on Mr. Hill's amend-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] is, in
effect, the same as the one proposed to be offered
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bon-
ham.] It is suggested that the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia be withdrawn, that my
own amendment be temporarily withdrawn, and
that the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina be offered, with mine as an amendment
to it.
Mr. HILL. I will not withdraw my amend-
ment except to oblige the gentleman from South
Carolina, who prefers his own to mine. There
is a good deal of affinity between the two. They
are almost identical in effect, but unless, accord-
ing to parliamentary usage, his can now take the
place of mine, I will not^ithdraw mine.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to all these arrange-
ments.
Mr. RONHAM. Did I understand the Chair
to decide that the amendment I propose is out of
order?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be reached. There
are two amendments pending to the original bill.
The only point where the gentle'man can hang his
amendment on, is to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. BONHAM. Then I would like to pro-
pose it as a substitute for the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, Oh, no;
mine is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. BONHAM. I have misunderstood the
ruling of the Chair. I had supposed that a vote
would be taken on each amendment, in the order
in which it was submitted.
The SPEAKER. That was the statement of
the Chair. And if the number were too great for '■
all to be admitted, those first offered were to be
entertained. That is carrying out what the Chair
understands to be the order of the House—that
all amendments shall be offered that can be in
order.
Mr. RONHAM. T understood the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to say that all
propositions were to have a fair chance.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House, j
Mr. BONHAM. I-did not understand it to be I
"under the rules of the House.55 If 1 had, I '
would certainly have been a little more prompt i
in offering my amendment. I supposed it would J
be m time at any moment; and that I could have j
a vote fairly taken upon it. I am exceedingly de- ,
sirous that that should be done. ;
Mr. HILL. I offer the gentleman every facil-
ity in my power to accommodate lum.
Mr. SEWARD, i object to arrangements.
Mr. BONHAM. Then I hope that my prop-
osition may be read, and may come in as an
amendment to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, I decidedly
object to that, because mine is now an amend-
ment to an amendment.
The 'SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment can come in as an amendment to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham. \
Mr. MILLSON. • I desire to know whether,
by the understanding that prevails, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina may
not be offered as an amendment to the original
bill, if the other amendments be voted down ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand it.
Mr. MILLSON. That was the understanding
as to the effect of the agreement.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the order of the
House was to pla^e the House, at twelve o'clock,
exactly in the position as if the previous question
had been seconded, and the main question had
been ordered to be now put. \
Mr. BONHAM. ] ask that my amendment be
read.
Mr. Bonham's proposition was read, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further cnacted. That this act shall not
uke effect till, by a census duly and legally taken under the
dnectiou of the Seciotaiy of the Intcuor,* it hhaii be ascei-
tained that the population included and residing within tiio
limits ot the pioposed State of Oregon equals or exceeds the
ratio of representation lequired for a member of the House
of Representatives of the Congress of the Untfed State?;
and the President of the United States, so soon as this fact
shall he duly made known to him,shall announce thesame
by proclamation ; and thereafter, and without any farther
pioceedingl; on the part of Congress, this act, and every pait
theicof, shall take effect, and the admission of the State of
Oregon into the Union upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States,all respects whatever, shali be absolute and
complete.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask' whether a simple ob-
jection can avail to prevent the arrangement which
1 suggested a moment ago? I think the gentle-
man from Georgia should be allowed to withdraw
his amendment, which is, in substance, the same
as that which has been just read, to allow the
gentleman from South Carolina to offer his amend-
ment, and me to offer mine as an amendment
to it.
The SPEAKER. The reason of the ruling of
the Chair is this: if the previous question were
seconded, and the main question ordered, it would
not be competent for gentlemen to withdraw
amendments, or to modify amendments, except
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I respectfully submit to the
Chair, whether the order made by the House to
close debate at twelve o'clock to-day, can have
the technical effect of the previous question to cut
off all amendments, or whether it can have any
further effect than simply to close debate on tho
bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated more
than once that, in his judgment, the effect of the
order is the same as if the previous question had
been seconded, and the main question ordered to
be put.
Mr. GROW. That was my understanding,
Mr. Speaker.
Mr. BONHAM. If the amendment which I
propose is submitted as an amendment to the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] I apprehend that it will scarcely be at-
tached to the original bill. I propose that the
original bill, with my amendment, be voted on.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not an
amendment now pending to the original bill ?
The SPEAKER. Two of them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. An amendment
to the original bill, and the amendment to that.
That is as far as it can go on that line. Then there
is a substitute pending; and is there an amend-
ment pending to that?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hold that
no other amendment, in any shape, is m order.
You cannot propose an amendment in the third
degree. £
