1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right. " ...
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. When the original
bill is taken up, you can propose to amend that,
or a substitute can be offered, and then a gentle-
man would have aright to offer an amendment to
perfect the original bill. An amendment on that
is as far as you can go. When that is voted on
you come to the substitute; and one amendment
to the substitute is all that can be penning at a
time. , . • v.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right.
Mr. JON ES,of Tennessee. The previous ques-
tion, as I understood, is pending on this bill. Ihe
understanding was that the amendments should
come in in order, and no other way.
Mr. BONHAM. There was nothing said about
order." I heard not a word about the subject of
order
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Georgia was appealed to, to let the amendments
in, he replied that he agreed to let them all be pre-
sented and printed, and that then they could come
in under the rules. _
Mr. BONHAM. There was nothing said about
the rules.
The SPEAKER. I have the remarks of the
gentleman from Georgia before me:
"Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. That the gentleman from
Kentucky may understand my agreement, it is: that on
Saturdayjat twelve o'clock, the motions now pending shall
come up under the'rule just as if the previous question were
sustained."
Mr. BONlKAM. That must have been said
afterwards; that the gentleman from Kentucky
might understand the agreement previously made.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Hill.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Is that an amendment to
the orginal bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. And if adopted it would
cut off all the other amendments.
The SPEAKER. The friends of the original
bill have a right to perfect it first. When the
amendments to the original bill are disposed of,
then the question comes up on the substitute and
the amendments to that substitute.
Mr. HILL called for the yeas and nays on his
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.MAYNARD. I wish to inquire whether,
in the opinion of the Chair, if'this amendment
should be adopted as an amendment to the one
which I have offered, the two amendments would
stand together; or whether the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia would be in the nature of
a substitute for mine ? In other words, whether
they are not separate and independent amend-
ments, or whether each proposition would not
have to stand upon its own merits ?
The SPEAKER. They are independent, m
the opinion of the Chair.
The question was taken on Mr. Hill s amend-
ment; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
32, nays 173; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Blair, Boyce, Biyan, Chaffee,
Horace F. Clark, dawson, Dick, Fariiswoitll, Gilmer,
Hill. Keitt, Kellogg, John C. Kunkel,McQueen, Matteson,
Maynaid, Miles, Millson, Mott, Olm, Ricaud, Lojce,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Stallworth, Trippe, Un-
derwood, Vance, Walbridge, and Zolhcoffer—32.
NAYS—Messr=. Adram, AU1, Andrew*, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Biliinghuist, Bingham, Bonham,
Bowie, Branch, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnett,
Burns, Burroughs. Caruthers, Case, Caskie, Cavanangh,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Claik
B. Cochrane. John Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comma,
Cornin",Cox,"JamesCiaig,Burton Oiaige,Crawlord, Curry,
Curtis, Davidson. Davis of Maryland, Davis ot Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Davis ot Iowa, Dean, Dewart.Dnn-
mick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durlce, Edie, Edmundson, tlli tt,
English, Fenton, Florence, Foley, iostei, Gartreil, Gillis,
Oilman, Gooch, Goode, Gianger, Greenwood, Gregg, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall,Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harn . Hatch,
Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins, Horton, Houston,
Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins. Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen
Jones, Keim, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Lcitcr, Letcher,
Lovejoy, Maclay, McKibbm, MoRae, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miller, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Oh-
ver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer Parker,
Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purviance, Reagan,
Reilly, Robbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, bavage,
Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman,
Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Steveajson, James A. Stewart, William
Stewart, Talbot, Tapptn, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
ThaVer, Thompson, Tompkins, Vallandigham, Wade, W al-
rirnn Walton Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eihbu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn. Watkins. White, Whiteley,
Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Wortendyke, Augustus R.
Wright, and'jobn V. Wright 173.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call, .
Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Bishop; that Mr. Bishop would have
voted against the amendment, as he believed,
while he [Mr. Garnett] would have voted fot- it.
The question recurring on Mr. Maward s
amendment, it was taken; and decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] to the substitute proposed by Mr. Bing-
ham, , , , " ^
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays; and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Phillips were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes 39, noes 144. ■
So the yeas and nays were ordered (one tilth
voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. HUGHES. I understand that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky is offered
as a substitute for the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether it is germane to the substitute ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late to make the question of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire whatwould
be the effect of adopting this amendment? If
adopted, would the next question be between it
and the original Senate bill ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to all these amendments, and opposed to the
bill. I move to lay the whole subject upon the
table; and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 94, nays 124; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Blair, Bon-
ham, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burfoughs, Chaffee,
Ezia Clark, Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Claik B. Coch-
rane, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie. Farnswoith, Fenton, Giddmgs,
GUman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Hams, Hasjiin, Hill, Howard, Keim, Kel-
loss, Kclscv. Knapp, Joftif C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter,
Lovejov. McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Matte&on, May-
nard, Mili&on, Morgan, Morrill, Eaward Joy Morris, Fiee-
man II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray,Ohn, 1 almor,
Parker, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Iteady, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royee, Scales, Henry M. Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Spinner,
Stallwoith, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,Thompson,
Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Vance, Wade, Walbridge,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalador C. Washburn, Ehihu B.
Wa-tibmne, Israel Washiiurn, Wilson, and Zollieoffer—14.
NAYS—Meters. Adiain, Ahl, Arnolk, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Ban, Bilhnghurst, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Blanch, llrvan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Case, Caskie,
Cavanaugh- Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Cocke, ill, Collax, Comins, Corning, Cox, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cuiry, Cuitis, Davidson,
Davi^ of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewait, Dimmick,
Dowdelf, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Flmcnce, Foley,
Foster, Gartreil, Gillis, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hodges, Hop-
kins, Hoiton, Houston, Hnjhes, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kllgoie, Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Ma-
elav, McKibbm, Mcllae, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Miles, Millet, Montgomeiv, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Aih-
lack, Nichols, Pendleton. Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, lluflin,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith. Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, l aliwt,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Vallandigham, Ward,
Watkms, White, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Woodson,
Wortendvke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright
124.
So the House refused to lay the subject upon
the table.
During the call, •
Mr. HASK1N stated tflat Mr. Sickles had
paired off with Mr. Hickman, who had been
called home by sickness in his family.
Mr. GOODE said: My colleague, Mr. Faulk-
ner, having been called away necessarily, I have
paired off with him. If hfe had been present he
would have voted against the motion to lay upon
the table, and I should have voted in the affirma-
tive—he being in favor of the passage of the bill,
and I being opposed to it.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Marshall's
amendment^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
what number of inhabitants is required by the
amendment of.the gentleman from Kentucky?
The SPEAKER. Ninety-three thousand,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That, I believe,
is not the ratio now required by law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair should have said-
it requires ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not so in the
printed amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky modified it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When?
The SPEAKER. This morning, by unani-
mous consent.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 1G, nays 191; as fol-
lows:
YE/VS—Messrs. Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark,
Clawson, Gilmer, Robert B. Hall, Harris, HUJ, Humphrey
Marshall, Heady, Ricaud, Robbins, William Smith, Under-
wood, Vance, and Zolhcoifer—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Andrews, Aroold,
Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Bingham, Bocock, Con-
ham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Bryan, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Burnett, Bump, Burroughs, Caruthers, Case,
Gaskie Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax,
Corning, Covode, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Craw-
ford. Cuiry, Curtis, Davidson, Davis ol'Maryland, Davis of
Indiana. Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dewart. Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie,
Edmundson, English, Farnswortli, Fenton, Floreiwe, Fo-
ley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrtll, Gidding«, Gillis, Oilman,
Gooch, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, Haskin, Hawkins, Hodges,
Hopkins.Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keim,
Keitt, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John G. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Leitcr, Letcher,
Loveiov, Maelay, MeKihhin, McQueen, McKae, Samuel
S Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan. Morrill. Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Moil is, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Molt,
Muirav Niblack, Nichols,.Olin,Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
Pettit,"Peyton, John S. Phelps, William VV. Phelps, Phillips,
Pike. Potter, Pottle, Fowell, Purviance, Reagan, Rcilly,
Iiobeits, Rovce, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge Savage, Scales,
Seott, Scaring, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shawj
Shoiter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stowait, William Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, George aylor,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Vallandig-
ham. Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Ward. Cad wal-
ader'c. Washburn.Eihhu B. Watliburne. Israel Washburn,
Watkins, White, Whiteley, WU on, Winslow,'Wood,W or-
tendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wright 191.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. MAYNARD stated that upon this and all
other votes upon this bill, he had paired ofF with
Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland, for the rest of the
The question recurred on Mr. Bingham's sub-
stitute for the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to modify my
amendment. . .
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has no right
to modify his amendment now.
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX, and others, objected.
Mr. BINGHAM. My amendment was mod-
ified this morning, so that the body of my bill
was moved as a substitute for that of the Senate
was uiuvcu uu   
bill, and my preamble for that preamble.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. The motion will
now bo taken on striking out all after the enact-
ing clause, and inserting the body of the gentle-
man's amendment.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 80, nays 132; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andtews, Bingham, Blair, Biay-
ton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burroughs, Chaflee, Lzr
Clark, Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
Cragm, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa. Daw es, iDean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Ed!e, Fnrnsworth,,
Giddings, Gilmaii. Gooch, Goodwin, Grow'1
[ Hailan, llarns, Hoard, Howard, Keim, Kello„. KeUey,
Knapp. JohnC. Kunkel, Leach, Letter,Lovejoy,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Moins, I recman II. Moist,
OliverA. Morse, Mott, Murray, 01'n'„Pf'mervJ„a,?®r' Rnf,'
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Rjcaud, Ritchie, Robbm-, Kol>
erts, Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, lompkins
Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadvval-
aderG. Washburn, EllihuB. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
and Wilson—SO.
