1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
   W1 r mi
February 14,
The Secretary read the amendment; which is,
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert the following:  
That the privilege of franking, sending, and receiving
letters «rad other packagesrfree of postage, heretofore ex-
tended to official and other persons, shall be, and the same
!a hereby, abrogated. „ _
Sec. S. JIM be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall prepare and furnish, for the use. of the several
Government Departments and the President, primed envel-
opes or wrappers, for Government documents and coire-
spondence; said envelopes or wrappers to be received at tne
•post office in Washington as Government matter, the post-
aee to be charged to the particular Department that it comes
from, provided they are mailed by a known officer or mes-
senger of ihe Government, and not otherwise.
Sec. 3. -And he it further enacted, That the postage on
all Government mail matter^iailed at Washington, m ac-
cordance with the provisions of the preceding section, and
all the mail matter addressed to a«y of the Departments,
Government officers, or members of Congress at Washing-
ton and mailed without being prepaid, shall be charged to
the Department or branch of Congress mailing or receiving
the same, and at prepaid rates; .the expense of the same to
be paid bv appropriations from the Treasury, the same as
provided'for other Government expenses.
Sec. 4.* And be it further enactedy That all Government
mail matter, mailed or received in accordance with either
of the two preceding sections, may be weighed in hulk and
charged at tl*e rate of five cents for every ounce of the let-
ters, and twelve cents for every pound of the printed mat-
ter; but no provisions of this, or either of the two preceding
sections, shall apply to the transportation or charge for mail
matter for the Government, except such as is sent from, or
received at, the post office in Washington city.
Sec. 5. This act shall take effect on the 4th day of July,
A. D. 1859.
Indiana' election question.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is with some reluctance,
but feeling it a matter of duty, I desire now io
call up for consideration the case of the Indiana
Senators. I have regarded that as a question of
privilege. 1 suppose that it is subject to be called
up-at anytime; that its privilege consists in that;
that it is to be preferred to any other order of busi-
ness except at particular .stages of business, such
as taking the yeas and nays. I desire to call it
up. If it is objected to, I shall desire the decision
of the Chair in relation to ray right to call it up. I
do not, myself, regard it as a matter of any con-
sequence how it came on the table, nor do I wish
to argue that question at any time. I desire, how--
ever, to be understood by the Chair that, if it is
not my right to have it taken up, I move to take
it up, and shall want to be heard on that point.
Mr. GREEN. To accomodate all parties, I was
going to move that it be taken up and made the
special order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMjER. I should have no particu-
lar objection to that, but the gentlemen from In-
diana have been waiting for some time. Com-
mon courtesy to them, as well as to their State,
and the liature of the subject, requires that it
should be disposed of. I do not want to enter at
all into its merits, but I desire that the question
shall be disposed of. I will further remark, in
answer to the suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri, that courtesy requires, as it seems, in
this body, that we should not interfere with any
previous arrangement in relation to particular
gentlemen having taken the floor to be heard on
particular topics. I have understood that the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] expects to
speak on the subject of the tariff',probably in the
course of to-day, at a reasonable hour.
Mr. GREEN. At twelve o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. No matter about that. He
will have time enough in the course of the day.
I understand further, that the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Chittenden] has the floor to be
heard on the subject of Cuba, for to-morrow. Of
course, every time when we reach the proper
hours, there is an imperative demand of courtesy
which prevents us exceeding it. Under these
circumstances, I cannot but feel that it is a duty
which I owe to the subject, as well as to the
body, to ask that it be taken up, and in some
way disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe this
is wholly irregular. There is but a moment or
two left nowof the morning hour, .Hid I ask per-
mission, in order that I may getsome ot my busi-
ness through, that I be allowed to introduce a bill
for the parpose of reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Vermont is one of privilege, and is
in order at any time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to introduce a bill for the purpose
of reference ?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman wishes
to present a matter of that kind, I will not stand
in his way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I only want to
refer it, and the reason I ask it is, because it is so
late in the session. '
The bill was introduced andreferred, and will
be found in another column.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont, and to the
Senate, that he has reflected somewhat upon the
question which was asked by the Senator on Fri-
day last, and has an opinion upon it. This ques-
tion is one of privilege; but under the control of
the Senate. The Senate having directed it to lie
upon the table, the Chair thinks that the Senator
from Vermont cannot, as a right, call it up with-
out a motion; but that, as a question of privilege,
he has a right to make the motion to take up, in
preference to other business.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said I would make that
motion if it was necessary. The honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia has just spoken to me on the
subject. Inasmuch as the Chair decides that I
have the right to make this motion at any time,
and inasmuch as he is desirous of procceeding at
this time with his remarks, and it will be in order^
to take it up at the close of his- remarks on the
tariff, nothing being assigned for that time, iftid
he suggests that he will probably occupy an hour,
I desire to have it understood that I shall move
to take up this subject for disposition when the
Senator from Virginia shall have closed his re-
marks- _ „ ' ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of twelve
having arrived, the Chair calls up the special order
for this hour; which is the joint resolution for the
presentation ©f a medal to Commodore Paulding.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the resolution
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to.
the tariff. ✓
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the following resolution, submitted by
Mr. Bigler, on the 31st of January:
Resolved, As the opinion of the Senate, that the creation
of a large public debt m time of peace is inconsistent with
the true policy of the United States,; and as the presenttev-
enues are insufficient to meet the unavoidable expenses of
the Government, Congress should proceed, without delay,
to so readjust the revenue laws as not only to meet the de-
ficit in the current expenses, but to pay off the present debt,
so far as it may he liable to immediate cancellation.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, to strike out all
after the word " resolved,"'and insert:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, requested to cause the heads of the various Exec-
utive Depaitmcnts to submit estimates of expenditure for
tlic Government to the Thirty-Sixth Congress, upon a basis
not exceeding $50,000,000 per annum, exclusive of the
public debt and the interest thereon.
Resolved, That so much of the President's second annual
mess-age as relates to a reduction of the expenditures of the
United States, which is in the following words, to wit: " I
invite Congress to institute a rigid scrutiny to ascertain
whether the expenses of all the Departments cannot be
still further reduced, and I promise them all the aid in my
power in pursuing the investigation," be referred to the
Committee on Finance; and that said committee are hereby
instructed, after first conferring with and obtaining all
" aid " and information from the President and the heads of
the Departments, as indicated in tlie President'smessage,
to report a bill reforming as far as possible all abuses, if any,
m the application of the appropriations made by Congress
for'the support of the various Departments, and which will
reduce the expenditure to an honest, rigid, economical ad-
ministration of the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, believing, as
I do, that the resolution of the Senator from
Pennsylvania presents an issue between high tax-
ation and extravagant expenditure on the one
side, and moderate taxation and economical ex-
penditure on the other, I feel bound to deliver my
views in regard to it, and also to say something
upon the tariff of 1857, which has hffen the sub-
ject of so much comment here and elsewhere.
'Perhaps, sir, I ought to be willing to leave this
whole subject where the masterly argument of
my friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] placed it;
but my personal connection with the tariff of
1857 will excuse me for trespassing a while upon
the time and patience of the Senate.
It will be remembered by many Senators here,
under what circumstances the tariff of 1857 was
passed. A Inn?- surplus revenue was annually
accumulated m die Treasury of the United States
under the tariff of 1846, and thus presented a con-
stant temptation to the legislative and executive
departments of the Government, to embark into
a lavish and prodigal system of expenditures. It
was the concurrent opinion of almost everybody
that the only way to prevent that system of ex-
penditures was to reduce the revenue; to take
away the surplus which offered this constant
temptation. The former Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Guthrie, reported a scheme which he
said would yield a revenue of $50,000,000, and
that that revenue, together with what might be
expected from the public lands, would be sufficient
for all the ordinary purposes of the Government;
and he founded that opinion upon the fact, that for
the five preceding years the average annual ex-
penditure, exclusive of the payments for the pub-
| lie debt,had notmuch exceeded $48,000,000. Un-
| der these circumstances, the tariff of 1857 was
! prepared. It was introduced here upon the esti-
! mate that it would yield from $48,000,000 to
1150,000,000 per annum. Upon that estimate it
j passed, receiving large majorities in both Houses
of Congress. Unfortunately for it, during the
first year of its operation it encbuntereci a severe
financial pressure, butit yielded that year, which
was obviously no test, between $41,000,000 and
$42,000,000; but this, the first year in which there
has been for a part of the time some revival in
trade and credit, it promisee to yield all that was
ever claimed for it, to wit, $50,000,000, which is
the estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I know, Mr. President, that the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] seems to think it
will yield only $40,000,000; but he surely has
forgotten that even during the last fiscal year it
yielded between $41,000,000 and $42,000,000-,
that in the first two quarters of this year it has
already vielded something like $23,000,000; and,
inasmuch as it is altogether probable that the last
two quarters will yield more than the two first,
there can be, I think, very little doubt that this
tariff will yield fully as much as is estimated by
the Secretary of the Treasury. If it shall do so,
then it. will have performed its promise; afid the
question arises with us, whether we will use this •
tariff, which was thus devised; which is doing
what was promised for it; which is carrying out
our original purpose, to wit, to enforce economy
and retrenchment in public expenditures; or
j whether,on the other hand, we shall resort to an
| extravagant system of expenditure, and raise the
1 tariff to correspond with that system.
| I know, sir, that in propounding the issue as I
; have done, to be one between extravagant and
! economical expenditures, I am differing from the
President of the' United States and the present
upright and able head of the Treasury Depart-
I ment. I know, too, that they would recommend
' nothing which they did not believe to be neces-
1 sary and proper under all the circumstances of
| the case; butstill I have formed, after very careful
I consideration, a very different opinion, and upon
my opinion I must speak and act. The Secretary
reports to us that we expended, in the last fiscal
year, when on account oP the Mormon expedition
we required a great deal of money, $71,000,000,
exclusive of the payments for the public debt;
and he estimates for the present fiscal year, as well
as I remember, an expenditure of something like
$74,000,000. Fo"r the next fiscal year he estimates
an expenditure of $73,000,000, and says that tkere
is a post office deficiency of nearly $4,000,000,
which will have to be added to it so as to raise
$77,000,000. We are. asked, too, to provide rev-
enue enough by changing the tariff to enable us
during the next year to meet these extraordinary
expenditures, and also to begin to pay off the pub-
lic debt. Prom the.proceeds of the public lands
for these two years he estimates but $6,400,000,
that is $3,200,000 ayear; and if we are to pay off
a portion of the public debt, that is as little as
could be thus applied; so that we should have to
raise the whole sum for the annual expenditure,
the sum of $76,000,000 or $77,000,000, by a
tariff. Is it possible to do this ? Could we lay
a-tariff which could pass through either House to
tax the people so severely as would be necessary
to accomplish this object? In my opinion, in order
to do it, you would have to reduce the twenty-
four per cent, schedules to twenty per cent:; be-
! cause I believe you would get more revenue by
| diminishing it than increasing it; you would have
i to take tea and coffee and some other articles out
