1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
experience in regard to silks; the manufacture
flourished the moment they removed the high pro-
tective duties.
* Bu.t whether that be so or not, ifris not neces-
sary here to inquire further. I say that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has proved conclusively
that whatever sufferings the iron interest experi-
enced, were produced by the revulsion in the cur-
rency system and the system of credit; because
he showed that there was'actually a smaller im-
portation under the tariff of 1857, than there had
been before, and that prices fell in England where
they could not have been affected by this tariff,
as they did here; and in point of fact, we know
that the sufferings of the iron interest in Crreat
Britain have been as severe as any experienced
here-, -but there they, attribute them to the true
reason. When there is an expansion of the cur-
rency, interest lowers, capital becomes cheap,
persons establish manufactures in localities where
they would not have dreamed of establishing
them if they had been subject only fo the nat-
ural laws of trade. By and by,revulsion comes;
these establishments topple do wn; they force their
iron, into the Market; they bring down the good
aa well as theoad, because they lower the price
in the general, until it has become a maxim of
the English manufacturers, thatsrsuccessful iron-
master must be a buyer as well as a maker pf
iron; that is to say, he must have capital enough
when the price of iron is depressed, to go into
the market and buy it and hold it up until it re-
sumes its natural price.
In 1843, there was a distress produced by these
very causes in England, fully as great as that ex-
perienced by our people in the last year. They
went to Sir Robert Peel and told him they must
have more bank paper, more money to raise
prices; but that sagacious statesman knew that
to yield to their request would have been to have
added fuel to the flame, to have given whisky to
the drinker, laudanum to the opium eater; and
he sent them away on their errand. Here is a
description, and at the risk of wearying the Sen-
ate, it is so apropos to something that I think the
Senator from Pennsylvania may have seen out
of the Senate, that 1 will ask a. few minutes to
read it:
" In the Times, of the 2'lst of June, 1843, an article ap-
peared, taken trom the Monmouthshire Merlin. After speak-
ing of the failure of the Mes&rs. Hartord & Davis, the writes
goes on to say: The present state of the iron trade anni-
hilates hope ; we see nothing but ram before us and behind
us. The kingdom, for a few years past, been making
iron in enorrnoua quantities. Capital, accumulated annu-
ally from extensive orders and large sales, was laid out in
building new furnaces, opening fresh mines, explonng min-
eral districts hitherto untouched. The large lortunes al-
icady secured, in tunes when the foreign markets were all
our own, and the produce at home scarcely sufficient for
the demand, arrested the eager eyes of small capitalists, and
induced the formation of companies, into which the whole
livings o£ professional men and private individuals of com-
fortable mean? were recklessly cast—each member of ev-
ery company so formed, expecting to be at least a Bailey, a
Guest, or a Oiawshay, if not eventually a Peel or an Ark-
wright. Then, also, another new invention for realizing
large percentages, exaggerated the evil. The joint stock
banking companies opened their ledgeis with profuse gen-
erosity, and advanced money upon anticipated calls, to re-
alize immediately schemes the most gigantic and costly in
the history of iron making.
44 Thus we saw furnace after furnacc, almost in geomet-
ric proportion, starting up and sending foitli its huge vol-
umes of smoke and blaze into the evening sky. Towns
were built as though bv the aid of some genius, of the Eastern
lamp, in the wilderness and upon the mountain side. Ca-
pacious houses for genteel cleiks,and acute managers, and
rovmg directors, flanked the long vista of a beauutul fiont
elevation ; and thus the legitimate lron-mastei, having al-
ready overlaid his market by be-towing ail his surplus cap-
ital for theexte&fcion of his works, found himself also, in his
turn, oveiiaid by an accession ot a swarm of adventurers in
trade, armed with plenty of money, profuse in expenditure,
and the ignorant tools of those ' wise in their generation.5
If it had been a law of natuie that the whole world should,
for a given number of years, fee clothed m iron, be domi-
ciled in iron, sleep upon iron, ride upon cast-iron horses,
and in east-iron chariots, no greater zeal to give effect to
the law could have been displayed than that which has
prompted the production of a vast mass of iron at the junc-
ture and under the circumstances which we have attempted
«tod^fscnbe. The result is, a collapse of the whole trade—
a fatal reaction—doubt and dismay.
" In very niauv instances, we should say generally, with
one or two particular exceptions dependent upon favorable
contracts, the iron masters arc losing nearly one pound
sterimg per ton upon then make ; and that, too, in estab-
lishments where the strictest economy is piacused, the
greatest skill exercised, and the vigilant eye of apiominent
member of the firm always upon the works. What, then,
mufet the joint stock company be losing, with its double es-
tablishment of clerks, its committees, and town offices, its
everybody's vvoik and nobody's work ? At least ten shil-
lings per ton additional. The * fix,' us the Americans call
it, is moat disastrous. The question is, who shall hfow out
and retire? Are the great and ancient houses in the iron
trade to retreat before the companies, or the companies be-
fore them ? Is the small and respectable iron-master to be
smashed m the conflict? This is the matter at issue ; and
which party soever may ultimately gain the victory, its path
will be strewn with the wreck of property, and the rums
of many estimable men."—Scrivenor on the Iron Trade,
' page 293.
So that We see, Mr. President, that the revul-
sions in the' iron trade have been quite as great
and severe in Great Britain as they have been
here; but there they ascribed them to the true
cause—a revulsion in the credit system; and well
has it been said, in a lecture to which I shall pres-
ently refer, on the iron trade, that the produce of
gold in California is doin<* much to protect the
iron interest. The gold digger in Australia and
California is doing more this day, in giving sta-
bility to the currency, to give protection to the
manufacturer, than all the.customs laws you can
pass in this body; and if we could afford the
manufacturer protection against this, it would be
better than if we passed a customs law which re-
quired every pound of imported iron to pay its
pound of gold before it could be entered for eon-
sumption. It is to that work that they should
address themselves. They should go to the Legis-
latures of their States—Legislatures which have
already been engaged,and wisely, to some extent,
in limiting expansion upon issues of paper money,
but which have not yet taken up that other
branch of the subject, which is quite as important
—the limitation of the loans upon deposits.
I'believe that, if it were nut for these revulsions
in the credit system, we should never hear applica-
tions for protection from Pennsylvania; because
it has been proven, I think, by the experience of
the past, that we can make iron in most localities
as well as they can in England. I hold in my
hand a lecture delivered by Abram S.Hewitt,'
in 1856, in wh'ich he declares that the_ average
cost of producing iron in this country is $s low
as it is in England. He states that it is inevita-
ble that any great increase in the make of iron in
England must be attended with an increase of the
cost of production, because she has exhausted all
those localities which have a natural capacity for
producing iron at a high profit, and hence it will
cost more; whilst here, owihg to the superiority
of our natural advantages, we could extend the
make to sixty million tons without increasing the
cost of production; because we have cheaper coal
and cheaper ore. He says ours are natural advant-
ages in the shape of cheap raw materials; theirs
are artificial advantagesin the shape of cheaper cap-
ital and cheaper labor. Those artificial advantages
are diminishing daily, whilst our natural advan-
tages must be constant and permanent. He re-
fers to the fact that the consumption of iron is in-
creasing so largely all over the world. He says
every mile of railroad that is made takes ninety-
six tons; and it takes eight per cent, on that to
keep it in repair. At that day, in 1856, he esti-
mated the miles of railroad in this country at
twenty-one thousand. Weknowhowrapidly they
have been increasing since- We know that iron
is entering as a material in the construction of
houses and ships; that the consumption is increas-
ing faster than the production. That was proved
by the fact to which he"referred, that although the
production increased in England, the price did not
diminish.
But, sir, he gives us a table, in which he shows
that the decrease of the importations of railroad
iron in 1855, from an average of five years, was
one hundred and one thousand tons, while the
increase of the domestic production in 1855, on
the same average, was thirty-five thousand tons.
He sums up the argument in this brief statement;
he says:
" The practical results which this paper oft'ers for your
consideration, are—
fi 1. That the United States have greater natural resource5!
for the pioduction of lion thari'any other country of the
earth, in consequence of the moral elements which charac-
terize the nation, the unlimited possession of mineral coal,
the abundance and richness of usoies, and the vas-t system
of natural and artificial avenues of transportation which
traverse the land.
'•2. That the difficulties m the way of a large production
are purely social and artificial; nameij,,the deamess of capi-
tal and labor; which obstacles are being slowly arid suiely
overcome by the progress of the country, and'the fdet that
the increase of consumption throughout the world will, at an
eaiiy day, task the production of iion in Great Bntam to
its utmost limits, and consequently increase its cost and
price.
'• 3. That, as the United States have no competitor but
Great Britain, the surplus demand over and above the
power of Great Britain to supply, must be met by the Uni-
ted States. ********
"4. That the growth of the business hitherto'', has sur-
passed the corresponding growth in Great Britain ; and aa
we may be said to have commenced fifty years behind her,
we are, at this day, only nineteen years m arrear, and may,
under all the circumstances, reasonably expect to overtake
and pass that country in the amount of annual produc-
tion."
If all this be so* and I believe it to be undis-
puted and indisputable, it is cfear that the iron-
master has nothing to fear from competition
abroad if he can be protected from the revulsions
which prostrated him last year, but which in-
volved him in no greater difficulties and mischiefs
than attended all other species of production in
this country. The iron-master in the valley of
the Delaware, was not more injured than the
grower of corn and wheat in my State, or than
the manufacturer of cottons or of woolens. All
only suffered a common injury and a common
loss.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I have come
to the conclusion, sometime since,* that it was in-
expedient to touch the tariff. I believe We had
better take the other alternative; reduce the ex-
penditures; bring them down to sixty-five, sixty-
one, or fifty-six million dollars, the lower the bet-
ter, and I believe Congress could do either. And,
suppose we could accomplish that result and go
through without raising the taxes, what laurels
would this Government and this Administration
gather by turning their attention in that direction.
We know that they experienced great difficulties
at the commencement; they had to encounter a
deep financial pressure; they had, on account of
the Mormon difficulties, to organize large military
expeditions at great expense. If now they should
pass through all these difficulties, and rcduce the
publicexpenditures, and come through them with-
out increasing the taxes, they would gather lau-
rels, because they would scatter benefits through-
out the land. I, for one, sir, so far as my responsi-
bility is concerned, in *a legislative capacity, will
aid them, and I will go for reducing the expendi-
tures within certain limits and bounds; and it is
the only way, in my opinion, to get along with
safely and according to true principle in the pres-
ent crisis of affairs.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Rhode
Island made an appeal to us in the name of the
American laborer; and whenever he speaks on
that subject he moves my sympathies, because he
is eloquent and sincere; he touches my heart if
he fails to convince my head; but when I come
to reflect coolly upon it, I find that my theory of
doing it is very different from his. I, too, would
aid the American laborer. The paths we would
pursue to reach the same end diverge most widely.
1 would cheapen the ax with which he hews his
way into the forest; the hoe and the plow with
which he wrings from the reluctant grasp of
mother earth a hard-earned subsistence for his
wife and his children; the blanket which covers
him by night, and the coat which shields him by
day against the storms and the rigors of winter.
I would diminish the price of the bolt with which
the sailor fastens the sides of his ship together,
and cheapen the cordage which holds the spars
in their places; and by all justifiable means in my
power I would open to him every port upon all
the seas. I would cheapen to the manufacturer
the tools which he used and the clothes which he
wore; I would cheapen to him the sugar that
sweetens " the cup that cheers but not inebri-
ates;" and I would relieve him from the sense of
dependence for his subsistence upon bounties to
be extracted from the hard earnings of his fel-
low laborers. I would extend, because I would
cheapen the cost of making, that iron path upon
which our citizens of every degree are speeding
by day and by night in pursuit of their objects of
pleasure or of profit. In short, sir, I would open
wide the door to the self-development of Ameri-
can industry, and leave it free to puisue the bent
of its own genius; and if it did not then achieve
whatever is grand and useful or curious and beau-
tiful in art, the fault would rest not upon the
want of prGper opportunity, but upon its own in-
capacity. For myself, I am willing to abide the
result. I do not distrust the capacity of my coun-
trymen to do as much as has been effected by
any other nation in founding empires or building
up industrial systems.
Sir, the young giant of the West has now as-
sumed the full dimensions of manhood. It is
