1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
ridiculous to attempt to guide him by the feeble
leading strings of your protective system. It is
id le to seek to bind him for fear he should do him-
self mischief if you should give him the free use
of his limbs. No, sir, let him go; let him take
the range of the earth in pursuit of his royal in-
stincts of power and of empire; and my word for
it, he will not stop to setup his pillars at the straits
of a smooth and tideless sea; he will not pause at
the first outlook upon the wide and stormy ocean,
but he will bravely breast its billows and buffet
with its storms, whether it be to coast the icy
cape or to pursue the burning line, and he will
leave monuments of his progress and of his power
which will endure, I trust, as long as- the Rock
of Gibraltar itself. That he will be a prodigy of
power, I doubt not. That he will also be a min-
ister of mercy, I wish I were equally sure of; but
I much fear mc that, wherever he may go, and
however distant the land, if there be a handfull
of earth to be had, or a single tw% growing upon
a tree, he will return to them as emblems of his
seizin, and evidences of his title to a possession
that may be worse than useless to him after all.
Sir, I observe that, at the very name of territory, his
whole nature seems to change: he becomes as wild
as the old Phoenician with his bullskin measure-
ment of land; as crafty as that old Saxon sea-king,
his progenitor, perhaps, who, having obtained the
possession of a lapfull of earth, sowed the dust
over whole,fields which he claimed to hold under
such fictions of law as the strong alone can im-
pose upon the weak. But, sir, while I would re-
strain him from this universal lust of acquisition,
I think there are exceptions to the rule. I would
not dissuade him from the use of all honest and
just means for the acquisition of Cuba. It is the
rib which was taken from his side: "male and
female created He them."
The following table was that to which the hon-
orable gentleman referred as his authority for the
expenditures of the Post Office Department:
Statement showing the amount paid from the United States
Treasury on all accounts, from March 5, 1845, to Decem-
ber 1&, 1858:
Year ending June 30, 1846  $810,231 62
" " 1847   536,298 99
" " 1848  22,221 96
" 1849   681,5110 00
" 1850  188,569 45
" 185]  1,302,365 09
" 1852  1,973,506 46
" 1853   3,518,683 61
" 1854   4,742,1)4 77
" 1855  4,248,849 19
" 1856   4.598,402 87
" 1S57  4^746,409 67
" 1858   5,564,495 20
li
36,169,927 74
To the 20th day of December, 3858, pait of
1R59 $3,236,188 8t>
Amount estimated to be re-
quired for the remainder of
theyearend.112 June, J859.. 3,838,728 00
Amount icquiied of bafance to
the credit of the appropria-
tion for steam mail service,
ending June, 1859.. 765.018 24
Amount requned of balance to
the ciedit of the appropria-
tion for Hcam mail ©ervice,
ending June, 1859, under act
of Maich 3,1S47  100,000 00
Amount rcquaed of balance to
the ei^dit of the appropria-
tion lor steam mail service,
ending June, 1859, under act
ol March 3.1851  250,000 00
Amount returned of balance to
the credit of the apprupiia-
tion foi steam mail seivice,
endins June, JBoO, under act
of Jinie 14, 18.33, to supply
deficiencies  975,000 00
 9,104,935 10
Total amount paid fiom the Tiea^ury from
March 5, 1845, and estimated to be paid
therefrom, up to June 30, 1859 $42,098,673 98
The estimate of the probable deficiency of the
public monies to meet expenditures upon an eco-
nomical scale, is based upon the supposition that
a bill passes authorizing the reissue of the Treas-
ury notes now m circulation.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia if he has no tables there show-
ing 
Mr. COLLAMER
me a moment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid, in L it to-day.
Will the Senator indulge
the chair.) The Chair recognizes the Senator
from California.
Mr. PUGH. I ask permission of the Senate
to present the credentials of Hon. Joseph Lane,
one of the Senators elect from the State of Oregon.
Mr. COLLAMER. I insist an myrighttothe
floor. I was told the gentleman from California
had it, and it seems he gives it up to the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. EIGLER. I thought I had the floor.
Mr. PUGH. I rise to a question of privilege
if that will satisfy the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was before you. Mine
is a privileged question first; but I will see what
the Senator's privileged question is, and if it is
one that does not take time, I shall give way.
Mr. GWIN. It is merely to introduce the
new Senators from Oregon.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly I have no ob-
jection to that, if it does not take time.
Mr. PUGH. I ought to say, in excuse, that
the Senator from California yielded to me, or I
should not have come in conflict with the Senator
from Vermont.
SENATORS FROM OREGON.
Mr. PUGH presented the credentials of Hon.
Joseph Lane, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of Oregon; which were read.
Mr. GWIN presented the credentials of Hon.
Delazon Smith, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of Oregon; which were read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state to the Senate, that, by an error* the
Oregon bill, after having been signed by the Chair,
was taken to the President of the United States
without the signature of the Chair having been
announced here. It was a mistake; it will be en-
tered pioperly on the Journal, if there be 110 ob-
jection. The Chair heais no objection.
The affirmation prescribed by law having been
administered to Messrs. Lane and Smith, they
took their seats in the Senate.
_ Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tions-, which were considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the classes
in which the Senators from the State of Oregon shall be in-
serted, in conformity with the resolution of the 14th of
May 1789, and as the Constitution requires.
Resolved, That the Secretary put into the ballot box, two
papers of equal size, one of which bhallbe numbered one,
ami the other shall be numbered two, and each Senator
shall draw out one paper; that the Senator who shall diaw
tiie paper numbered one, shall be inserted in the class of
Senators whose term of service will expire the 3d day of
March, 1859, and the Senator who shall diaw the paper
numbered two, shall be inserted m the class of Senators
whose term of service will expire oil the 3d day of March,
1861.
The papers being put by the Secretary into the
ballot box, the Hon. Joseph Lane drew the pa-
per numbered " two," and is accordingly in the
class of Senators whose term of service will ex-
pire on the 3d day ofMarch, 18G1. The Hon. De-
lazon Smith drew the paper numbered "one,"
and is accordingly in.the class of Senators whose
term of service will expire the 3d of March, 1859.
INDIANA ELECTION QUESTION.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
cognize the Senator as soon as order is restored.
Mr. COLLAMER rose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise for the purpose of call-
ing up the bill making appropriations for light-
houses; but I do not wish to interpose that motion
in the way of the Senator from Vermont, if he
desires to call up the Indiana election case.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe it was under-
stood by all, at the expiration of the morning
hour to-day, that at the close of the speech of the
Senator from Virginia, the Indiana case should
be taken up. I feel it proper, in the discharge of
my duty, to insist on it. I move that that now
be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. The chairman of the Judici-
ary Committee is not in his place.
Mr. BRIGHT. He will be here in a mo-
ment.
Mr. SLIDELL. But I understood another
member of the Judiciary Commiltee to suggest
that, by common consent, this matter be taken up j
to-morrow and disposed of. |
Mr. BROWN and others. Let us dispose of ]
. Mr. COLLAMER. There must be something
very strange and extraordinary in relation to this
matter, that members of the Senate are npt willing
to pass upon the question of whether these men
shall be heard. 1 hey are asked just to pass on
the question, whether they'sball be heard? I ask
no more now. If gentlemen do not wish to hear
them now, name a day; but let these men be
informed whether they are to be heard, or not.
I think it is no more than common courtesy to
ask the Senate to decide that question.
Mr. SLIDpLL. If the Senator from Kentucky
does not care to proceed immediately, I will not
press the Cuba matter now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish, so far as I am
concerned, to dispose of the subject on which I
have the floor ,at as early a time as possible. I
would rather go on at once.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think, then, that, according
to the usual courtesies of the Senate, this matter
should be postponed.
Mr. COLLAMER. The chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee has already announced that he
will never again move this question. He con-
siders himself as having had it t^cen out of his
hands.
Mr. BAYARD. I will explain to the honora-
ble Senator. What I meant to say, and did say,
was, that the committee having asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
ject, and their report, giving the reasons why they
thought the prayer of the memorial ought not to
be granted, I considered the action of the Senate
in laying it upon the table as precisely the same
in effect as discharging the committee.
Mr COLLAMER. I have stated what the
gentleman said precisely as he has now announced
it, except that I did not give all his reasons. He
considered that such a course had been taken as
substantially discharged him. Of course, then, it
devolves on me to call up the question, and the
gentlemen who apply here wish to have it de-
cided. I call it up; and if Senators think it ought
to give way to some other business on the ground
of courtesy, let them say so. I desire to have a
vote on it; I want the yeas and nays on taking
it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject has
already been taken up; and the question before
the Senate is On the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,] which is;
"That the resolution of the Senate, Adopted June 12,
1858, affirming the right of Graham N. Pitch and Jesse
D. Bnght, as Senators elect tiom the State of Indiana, the
former until the 4th day ofMarch, 1861, and the latter until
the 4th day of Maich, 18G3, was a final decision in all the
premises then in eontioversy, and conclusive, as well upon
tiie Legislature of Indiana, and all persons claiming under
its authority, as upon the Senators named in the resolu-
tion. ''
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that that is an
amendment to the amendment which was submit-
ted by myself. It is proposed to amend it by
striking out my amendment and inserting in its
place the proposition contained in this. The
effect, therefore, will be to deny virtually the
proposition contained in my amendment, and
to disallow to the claimants the privilege of ap-
pearing at the bar and arguing this question. I
hope this amendment of the Senator from Ohio
will be rejected, and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought there was a
preliminary question, upon thertght of these gen-
tlemen to appear and argue the very point sub-
mitted to us by this amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Ohio
proposes to supersede thai.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky that that was
an amendment offered by the Senator from New
York. The question now is on striking that out,
and substituting the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That, then,isprecluding
the Senate altogether from having the question oil
the other pioposition. They are distinct.
Mr. SEWARD. Let my amendment be read,
and then the Senate will see what is proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT directed the various
propositions to be read, and a debate ensued which
continued until a late hour, resulting in the adop-
tion of the proposition submitted by Mr. Pegh.
[This debate will be found in the Appendix.]
The Senate then adjourned.
