1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATYES.
Monday, February 14, 1859.
The House met at eleven, o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rey.*X). A. Knigjit.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and approved.
■ MESSAGE FROM THE "SENATE.
• A message" was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, theirSecretary,notifying the House
that the Senate have passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to aek the eon-
curreftce ofthe House: •
-A bill:(No-. 3TO) for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo de Arguello, widow of.Santkgo E. Ar-
guello; and
A bill (No. 410) to confirm certain land claims
in the Florida parishes of Louisiana to the city
of New Orleans and others.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the following bills of this House:
An act (No. 277) for the relief ef Mary Boy4e>
An act (No. 246) for the- relief of Monroe D.
Downs;
An act- (No. 481) for the relief of Dinah Minis;
Art act (No* 575) for the relief of Robert A.
Davidge; and
An act (No. 577) for the relief of Rebecca M.
Bowden, of Prince George county, Virginia.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
bills of the House, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:   -
An act(No. 458) for therelief of Evelina Porter,
widow of the late Commodore David Porter, of
the United States Navy: and
An act (No. 522) for the relief of Wright Fore.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, it gives me
freat pleasure to report as correctly enrolled the
ill for the admission qf the State of Oregon into
the Union, and to present it for your signature.
The Speaker thereupon signed the same.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, to report from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads a bili establishing
certain p#st routes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection J
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a new
principle invplved, as I understand, in this bill,
and which perhaps (he House will not be willing
to assent to. Let the last section of the bill be
read. If the bill is to come in by unanimous con-
sent, the House ought to know what it is about.
The second section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
Be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General be,
and he hereby i>, authorized, in 1ns discretion, to contract
fbi the carrying of the mail, accoidmg to existing laws, 011
all public roads which have been 01 shall be constiucted
in the United States, andin all cases whnn, in hti opinion,
the public interests and convenience require it; and that for
the time during winch mails shall be earned ou such public
roads, or any pait thereof, the same ahail be, and they here-
by are, declared post roads of the United States.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
second time.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will explain the provisions
of the bill to the House. The title indicates clearly
what the bill contains. It is a bill to establish cer-
tain post roads; and I may say that there is nothing
in the bill except what pertains legitimately to
the subject. The second section, however, is gen-
eral m its character, awd is somewhat important;
and I therefore desire to call the attention of the
House to it, so that gentlemen may vote advisedly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not the
gentleman permit this biil to be printed, so that
we all can have an opportunity to examine it >
Gentlemen know that mistakes in spelling the
names of localities are often made in the printing
of the bill; and members should have an opportu-
nity of correcting such mistakes.
^ Mr, ENGLISH. At this late period of the ses-
sion, I think there is nonnecessity of having the
bill printed. There is nothing in it novel or new,
except the second section, which simply author-
izes the Postmaster Geneial, in his discretion,
to contract for carrying the mails over public
highways according to the existing laws, and m
all cases when, in Ins opinion, the public interest
and convenience icquire it;and provides that, for
the lime during which such mails may be earned
on such public roads, or any part thereof, the
same shall be declared post roads of the United
States.
It may be the impression on the part of some
members of the House that this provision is novel
in its character, and of doubtful propriety; but
I think a njoment's reflection will satisfy gentle-
men that it is not so. At the second session of
the Thirty-Second Congress, there was a clause
inserted in-the post route bill declaring all railroads
and parts of railroads, then, or thereafter to be, in
operation, to be £0$t roads, and authorizing the
Postmaster General to contract for carrying the
mails thereon according to existing laws. Again,
in 1852, a similar provision was adopted in regard
to plank roads. Gentlemen will perceive that the
second scction of this bill is a precise copy of the
clause in the bill of 1852, except that the one ap-
plies to plank roads, and the other to public high-
ways in general. This is not only the law at
present in relation to plank roads and railroads,
but is the law in relation to canaJs, and all waters
on which steamboats ply regularly. The object
now is to extend the same principle to the ordi-
nary public highways of the country. I submit
that this change in the system can work no injury
to the public interest; but Will be, on the contrary,
beneficial. Gentlemen know very well that, fre-
quently, when applications are made to the Post
Office Department to put service on some public
road, where an actual necessity exists for it, it
cannot be done for the reason that, under exist-
ing laws, the road in question must first be de-
clared to be a post road by act of Congress. No
matter how urgent the necessity may be, parties
are subjected to the trouble and delay of waiting
to procure the action of Congress; and then, when
established, it must be advertised, causing a delay
of twelve months, or perhaps more, before the
service is established.
And besides, gentlemen are well aware that
these applications to Congress for the establish-
ment of post roads are mere matters of form,
rather than of substance, because it has been the
general practice—I might say the iftvariableprao
tice—to defer to the judgment of each member in
regard to post roads in his district. I am very
sure that neither the House nor its Post Office
Committee can judge as well in regard to the pro-
priety of establishing post routes as they can judge
at the Post Office Department. That Department
has a knowledgeof all the facts having a bearing
upon the case, and can act intelligently. We are
acting comparatively in the dark, and the result
is, that our statutes are annually swelled by a large
post route bill, many of the routes conflicting
with existing ro,utes; or else, perhaps, made en-
tirely unnecessary by other mail arrangements, of
which the member recommending the route had
no knowledge.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. It will'be rec-
ollected that last year, in consequence ofthe haste
in which this general post route biil passed the
House, a serious mistake occurred, which had to
be corrected in a subsequent bill, passed at the
same session. I trust that,'in view of the import-
ance of the subject and the length of the bili, the
gentleman from Indiana will consent to have it
printecTand placed on the desks ofmembers.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am glad that the gentleman
has alluded to what he calls a mistake in-the post
route biil of last session. So far as that bill, as
reported from the Post Office Committee of the
House, is concerned, there was no mistake at all
iij it, and nothing improper. It is true that when
the bill went to the Senate, there was an amend-
ment put to it, and afterwards concurred in here,
which some gentlemen construed to be for the
establishment of certain ocean mail service. I did
not so regard it at the time, nor do I yet. There
was some outcry made about it, which in reality
amounted to nothing. 1 regarded the Senate's
amendment as unimportant, and under the cir-
cumstances, voted to repeal it; but it was not re-
pealed, and as far as I know, the provision added
by the Senate has resulted in no injury in any
quarter. The repealing bill to which the gentle-
man refers, did not, as he seems to suppose, pass
the Senate.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that the.proposed change
would greatly lessen the labor ot the Post Office
Committee, and probably enable that committee
to dispense with the services of a clerk. It would
facilitate the transaction of business in the Post
Office Department, and would, no doubt, operate
beneficially upon the postal service in general.
That is the opinion—the unanimous opinion, I
believe—of the Post Office .Committee, after due
deliberation, and it is also the opinion ofthe Post-
master General. -The same principle, precisely,
•is now applied to service upon the ocean, upon
all navigable waters, upon canals;, railroads, and
Elank roads. Why not extend it to all public
ighways? We should at least be consistent, and
extend the principle to public roads in generator
repeal the law applying it in the cases to which I
have referred. I have no feeling about it* how-
ever, further than a general desire to sec the postal
service put upon the best basis, and am not at all
tenacious about retaining the section. I appre-
hend my constituents have as little interest in this
bill as the constituents of any other gentleman
upon this floor. My principal object is to get the
matter fairly before the House for its judgment,
and I am williftgthat a motion should be made to
strike out the second section of the bill, so that
the sense of the House may be tested upon that
question, and I will yield the floor to any gen-
tleman to make that motion. I now ask that a
letter from the Postmaster General having a bear-
ing upon this subject, be read; and I send it to
the Clerk's desk for that purpose.
The Clerk read the letter; which is as follows:
Post Office Department, February 2, 1859.
Sir: In answer to your inquiry, under to-day's date, as
to the practice of tins Department u upon Clie subject of
placing mail service on roads declared to be post roads by
act of Congress," I have the honor to state that all such
routes are'regularly advertised, but not all necessarily put
under contract for mail service, the exceptions being as fol-
lows :
When considering the proposals for seivice, if it appears
that a new post road is already covered by an existing one,
it is not put in operation.
If coveied m part by existing service, the portion which
is without mails is provided for.
Routes upon which there are no post offices are not at
once placed under contract; but so soon as the citizens
interested apply for offices, they aie established, and mails
supplied.
Sometimes routes are put in operation, of which the De-
partment has no knowledg*e,ap.nt from the act of Congress,
and which afterwards are found to be entirely useless. On
such the service is discontinued so soon as the facts con-
cerning tltfm become known.
The bill proposed by you, authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in his discretion, to contiact for conveying mcyls upon
all public roads which have been or shall be constructed,
&eems> well calculated to promote the public interests; and.
if approved by Congress, will save labor to this Department.
There is now, as you are aware, a similar law in reference
to railroads, plank toads, canals, and all waters on which
steamboats regularly ply; and there is no good reason why
the same rule may not apply to all public roads.
The draft of a bill, submitted by you, is herewith returned,
as requested.
Very respcctfUllyj your Obedient servant,
AARON V. BROWN,
J.Jostn\aster General.
Hon. William H. English, Chairman Committee on the
JPost OJficc and Post Roads, House of Representatives.
Mr. GARNETT. I should like to make' a
suggestion to the gentleman from Indiana, in re-
gard to this bill. The experience of every mem-
ber upon this floor will bear me out in saying
that the insertion of post routes in this general
post route bill is, as the gentleman has stated, a
mere matter of form. For my own part, what-
ever roads I have desired to have constituted post
routes m my district, have always been inserted
in the bill merely because I asked it. So far, then,
this bill is only a saving of labor to the commit-
tee. But the Postmaster General at present has
the power to establish whatever post offices he
ph.-ascs; and this proposes to give him power to
establish whatever post routes he pleases.
Mr. ENGLISH. Provided they be over pub-
lic highways.
Mr. GARNETT. Now, the only restrictions
are that the post route shall be a public highway,
and the amount of the appropriation. The former
point may be somewhat difficult to determine m
some coses, especially in the Territories, and in
respect to the overland routes from the Atlantic
to the Pacific coast. And the amount of the ap-
propriation is no limit to the expenditure^ for we
are always callcd upon to meet the excess with a
deficiency bill. Therefore, in order to retain for
Congress some practical control over the expend-
itures of the Post Office Department, I suggest
_ that the power of making contracts should be re-
j stricted to the amount of the regular annual ap-
: propnations. Without a restriction of that sort,
j yon throw the whole power of the Government,
|i so far as the Post Office Department is concerned,
