1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
into the hands of the Executive. I desire that
the bill shall be so amended as to provide that the
Postmaster General shall make no contract, for
any one year, exceeding the amount of the appro-
priation made for that year.
Mr. ENGLISH. I do not think an amend-
ment of that kind is necessary. I am willing to-
yield the floor to any gentleman who desires to
move to strike out the second section of the bill;
and if no amendment is offered, I shall call the
previous question.
^Mr. SEWARD. I desire to offer the following
amendment, to come in under the head of "Geor-
gia:"
From Doetortown to Ashley's store.
Mr. BARKSDALE here made an inquiry of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. English,] which
was entirely inaudible to the reporters, in conse-
quence of the confusion prevailing in the Hall.
Mr. ENGLISH. -In answer to the gentleman
from Mississippi, {Mr. Barksdale,] I will say
that the second section of the bill provides that
all public highways, without exception, shall be
considered post routes during the time that said
service is performed thereon, and that the Post-
master General may, at his discretion, putservice
upon them, subject to the limitations of the ex-
isting law.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to offer this amend-
ment, to come in under the head for " North Car-
olina:"
Fiom Carthage, in Moore county,to Troy, in Montgom-
ery county.
The^SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the amendments will be received.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I'desire to
offer some amendments. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will allow the bill to be leferred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed, so that wfe may all have"a
chance.
Mr. ENGLISH. Gentlemen can have all their
amendments put in in the Senate.
Mr. CJNDERWOOD. They will have to come
back here.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the second section of the
bill is agreed to, the amendments will be unne-
cessary.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
From Fmt Dps Moines, in Iowa, via Trenton, Chilli-
cothe, and Carrolton, to Little ILock, in Aikansas.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I offer the following
amendment, under the head of" Kentucky:"
From WoodsonviUe, viaLickLog, to the Marnmotii cave.
Mr. KILGORE. I move to strike out the sec-
ond soction of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
mana question. 1 notice that the letter of the
Postmaster General says that the adoption of the
second section would save the Department much
trouble. In what will the Department be saved
trouble ?
Mr. ENGLISH. It will save labor in this
regard: application is made to establish service,
and if the road over which it is proposed to es-
tablish the service be not a post road by act of
Congress, then it becomes necessary to refer the
matter to Congress. When Congress legislates,
then proposals have to be advertised for, in order
to make a contract. That certainty incurs ex-
pense, delay, and trouble.
Mr. HOIJSTON. I think, sir, that the labor
would be precisely the same, whether applications
have to come here or go there first. If this gen-
eral law be passed, they will have to examine the
several applications, and determine whether they
are necessary and proper. If there be no gen-
eral law, and the applications are referred here
for acts of Congress, then, when those acts are
passed, the previous examination by the Depart-
ment will answer every purpose, and they can
refuse or establish the service as may be proper.
I should like the attention of the House, and es-
pecially that of the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. My experience
of this sort of legislation amounts to this: that,
whenever you can keep a responsibility m Con-
gress, and pressure away from any Department,
it is the better course to do so. Wherever you
open the door to unlimited applications, upon
any of the Departments for favors, either for
clerkships, mail routes, or anything else 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; but it is a strange
place, in the middle of a sentence, to interrupt
me.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know whether this
provision does Hot conflict with the power con-
ferred upon Congress by the Constitution to es-
tablish post roads ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Aslunderstand the section,it
establishes every public road of the United States
a post route; every road now and hereafter made a
public road. Whenever the Postmaster Genera!
chooses to exercise the discretion granted in that
section, then by his act, the ro'ads he may indicate
are made post routes according to law.
Mr. SEWARD. That is the question; Is not
that an evasion of the" right conferred upon the
Congress of the United States to establish post
roads ? Is not that power transferred practically
to the Post Office Department ?-
Mr. HOUSTON. Itis better, I have contended,
that Congress should keep this responsibility
where it now is, than to confer it upon the Post
Office Department. We have a case in point, and
I ask the attention of gentlemen to it. There is a
law upon your statute-book which says, that the
Postmaster General shall put service upon a route
according to the mail necessities of the country
supplied by it; that is, that he shall advertise to
receive no bids for a higher rate of pay than the
service will justify; that the pay shall be accord-
ing to the amount of mail matter passing over the
route, and without regard at all to the transport-'
ation of passengers. Notwithstanding thaitis the
law—the law as plain as the English language can
make it, ye t the Post Office Department has receded
from it. The heads of that Department have not
the moral courage, the fortitude, the nerve, to
come up to its execution, according to its spirit
and purpose. And now, sir, the head of that De-
partment, the PostmasterGeneral,asks Congress
to recnact that law; a law already upon the statute-
book. He wants it recnacted that he may fall
back upon it when application is made for higher
rates of service. He wants outside pressure k-ept
away from the Department by the action of Con-
gress; but may there not be outside pressure, if
this second section shall become a law?
Mr. ENGLISH. Did the gentleman, in the
course of his long'experience here, ever know
Congress to refuse to grant an application for the
establishment of a post route?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that I ever
did; but then that docs not meet the objection.
If there were no restriction in the law now; if
every community had the right to come up and
ask the Post Office Department to put service upon
its roads of travel, there would be more than a
tenfold increase of the present applications; and
the Post Office Department would be required to
take the responsibility and muster up more cour-
age than the heads of Departments seem usually
to have, to meet all these applications for ser-
vice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In inserting that
clause in the bill, we were governed by the knowl-
edge that every application made by any member
for the establishment of a post route has hereto-
fore been allowed; and that the report of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, at each
session, was the same, conferring this power
upon the Postmaster General. I did not regard
it as important one way or the other, and conse-
quently consented to that clause of the bill/ I do
not see that it can make any material difference;
because, if members desire any routes established,
by application to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, they can be accommodated.
They may go and establish every road in- the
country into post routes. It was thought by the
committee that it would be a mere matter of con-
venience to adopt the mode indicated 111 the sec-
ond section. If gentlemen deem that there is
anything expensive in it, let it be suggested, and
I presume that the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will make no objection to its
being stricken out. They would,on the contrary,
prefer the striking out of the section, to seeing it
enact the extension, to any Department, of an un-
due and unnecessary discretion. But the section,
though approved by the committee, I deem so
unimportant fes not to justify this consutnption of
time in protracted debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I receive the gentleman's
compliment that I have a great horror of wasteful
extravagance iq the expenditures of the public
money; and I only regret that I cannot return it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I challenge that
gentleman to make a comparison with me by the
record, of who is most extravagant, both of time
and money, since I have been upon this floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman has been
as economical as I have, therefore he ought to
have said that he and I were both opposed to
wasteful expenditures, and unnecessary con-
sumption of the public time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. No, sir. I do
not consume so much time as the gentleman.
Mr. KILGORE. My colleague yielded the
floor to me, to strike out the second section; and
before I had time to say a word, the gentleman
from Alabama took the floor. My extreme mod-
esty allowed him to go on without interruption.
I have not yielded the floor*
Mr. HOUSTON. I have only a word more
to say, and then I will yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to understand what is doing in the House,
the disorder is so great. The Chair did not un-
derstand that the gentleman from Indiana desired
to hold the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have but-a word or two.
more to say. The argument of my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] if it be good for any-
thing, is good to establish the fact that the law,
as it is, is good enough.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have no ob-
jection to the law as it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman's argument
is gQod for anything, it establishes the fact that
the present law answers all the ends of the coun-
try ;and if so, why should we change it? Changes
of the law are alwayirobjectionable, except thefe
is a good to be attained.
Let me ask attention to one other thing. Sup-
pose this law had had existence, and that under
it the Post Office Department had established th&
overland mail route, without any action of Con-
gress: would there not have been a general de-
nunciation of it all over the country ? If parties
see fit, they may make combinations all over the
country, and may bring influences to bear on the
Department. The heads of Departments ought
to be kept free from such influence, and should
have the shield and protection of the law.
'Mr. EDMUNDSON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following amendment:
Fiom New Port, in Giles county, via Salt Pond, to Salt
Sulphur Springs, in Monroe county.
From ICesler's Lane?; to Persinger's Run, in Nicholas
county.
Mr. HALL, of Iowa, by unanimous corfsent,
offered the following amendment:
From Ducyrus to Qlentangy, in Crawford county.
From oientangy to Latimberville, in Marion county.
Mr. TRIPPE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following amendment:
From Macon to Moselev's store, in Bibb county,
Fiom Thomaston, via Flint River Factory, to Butler.
Fiom Cuiioden to Barnesvitle.
Mr. GARTRELL, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following amendment:
From Atlanta, via Powder Springs,Villa Rica, and Buch-
anan, to Jacksonville, Alabama.
Mr. ENGLISH. I propose yielding the floor
to my colleague [Mr. Kilgore] for five minutes;
and to save time, I will say that, if gentlemen
having amendments to offer will hand them to me,
I will, at the close of my colleague's remarks,
offer all as one amendment.
Mr. DE^.N. I object to everything that is not
strictly m order. I object to the gentlemjxn from
Indiana [Mr. English] allowing members, under
cover of a speech of his colleague, to present dif-
ferent amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to move to refer the bill to the Com-
|i mitteeofthe Whole on the state of the Union, and
have it printed.
Mr. ENGLISH. We have had enough of this,
I think, Mr. Speaker; and I move the previous
question, and now give noticc that I will yield the
floor to no one.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana to modify the second section of
