1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
ate to the Post Office appropriation bill. The
Speaker has confounded the two propositions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The propo-
sition that was then decided to be in order was
substantially the same as that now before' the
House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Precisely .the
same.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
decision of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union is no authority in the House.
We have no record of that decision. Your clerks
keep no record of whatis done in committee, and
the Journals do not show anything of what was
done there on that or any other question.
The SPEAKER. It is within the recollection
of the Chair, however. The Chair will follow
the precedent established by the committee m that
case, overruling the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HASKIN, I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will inquire of the Chair
whether that carries the bill with it.
The SPEAKER. It does.
The question was taken ; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was first on the
amendment offered by Mr. Phelps, ^Minnesota.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bilhnghurst,
Bingliam, Bliss, Brayton, Biyan, Buffinton. Burlingame,
Case, Cavanaugh, ChafFee, Ciaik B. Coclnane, ColUx,
Covode, Curtis, Dawes,Dimmiek, Dodd,Edie. Fainswm th,
Fenton, Foster, Giddmgs, Oilman,Gooeli,Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Grow, Harlan, Hodges, fioiton, Howaid* Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Knapp, Leach, Leuiy, Lovejoy, McRao, Ma.-on,
Mattesori, Montgomery, Morgan. Freeman H. Morse,Oliver
A. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Palmer, Parker, William W.
Phelps,Pike, Potter, Pottle, Keillv, Robbms. Royee, Anion
Shaw, Judson W. Sheiman, Itobeit Smith, William Siew-
art, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, W.il-
bridge, Waldron, YVaiton, Cadwal'adei C. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watkins, White, W Uson,
and Wood—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ah!, Anderson, Atkins, Barks-
dale, Bair. Bonham, Bowie, Bojce, Bianch. Burnett,Burn*,
Caskie, Chapman, E^ra Clark. Iloiace F. Ciaik, John B.
Clark, Clay, Cobb. Cockenll, Corning, Cox, Crasm, Burrou
Cratge, Crawford, Ourrv. Uavia of Maryland, Davis oi fn-
diana, DaviiofMi«i>!>sippi, Dean, Dew ait, Dowdell, Dunee,
Edmundson, English, Eiistis, Florence, Foley, Gamott,
Gartreil. Gilmer, Goodo. Gieenwood, Gregg. Lawienee W.
Hall, Ilaskm. Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Huvler, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewetr, G«orge W. Jones, Ktmn, Kent, Ki'jjou ,
Lamar, Letcher, Maclav, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Mai^hall, Ma>nutd, Mile*. Miller, Million,
Moore, Murnil, Edward Jov Moms Murray, Pendleton,
Pertit, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pumaiiee, Reagan,
Ricaud, Roberts, KulFin, Russell, Sandidgo, Savage. Scales,
Sewaidj Hemy M. Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton, Spmnci,
Stanton', Sicvcr^on, Jame-s A Stewart, Talbot, Mile^ Tay-
lor. Trippe, Undeiwoud, Vallundighain, Vaoce, v\hiteley,
Winslow, Wortendyke, Augustus 11. Wright, and John V.
Wright—104.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the call,
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Stephens, had retired from the Hall 111 con-
sequence of indisposition.
Mr. GARTRELL stated that Mr. Lawrence
was detained in his room by sickness.
The vote having been announced as above,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, asked
unanimous consent to offer the following amend-
ment:
From or near the head of Lake Superior to the month of
Sauk river, so as to foim a junction with the route trom
St. l'aul to I'uget Sound.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. Let us
vote on the other amendments.
The question being 011 the motion to amend by
striking out the following clause of the bill:
" From St. r-iul to Seattle, Puget Sound, in the Tern-
tory or' Washington
Mr. CAVANAUGH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative-—yeas 81, nays 107; as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Andeison, Atkins, Barksdale, Barr,
Bonham, iioyce, Branch, Burnett, Caskie, floiace 1'.
Clark, John 1). Clark, Clay, Cabh, Cox, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Curry, .Davis of Maryland, Davis, of Indiana,
Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dowdell, Edmundeon,
Faulkner, Floience, Foley, Garnett,Gaitrell, Goode, Has-
kin, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jevvett,
George W. Jones, Keim. Keirt, Kilgore, Lamar, Letcher,
Maelav, McUueen, MeRae, Humphrey Man-dial!, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles. Miller, Millsoo, Moore, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac- N. Morris, Pev'ton, Phillips, Powell,
Purviance, Keagan, Ricaud, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Singleton, William
Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Trippe,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Watkins, Wlnteley,
Winslow, and John V. Wright—81.
'NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ah!, Andrews, Bennett,
Billiughurst, Bingham, Blair, Brajton, Bryan, BufiintonJ
Bmlingame, Burn*, Case, Cavanaugh, ChafFee, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Cockenll, Colfax, Corning, Covode,
Cragm, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davvc,c<, Dean, Dick, IMimmok, Dodd, Durfee, Edie. Eng-
lish, Famsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gdman, Gil-
mer, Gooch, Go(>dvvm, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Grow,
Lawrence W flail, Eobeit B. Hall, Ilarlan, Hatch, Hodges,
Ilorton, Howard, Huyler, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kcl>ey,
Knapp, Leach. Leidy,LeiterfMcKibbin, MasonVMatto^nn,
Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill Freeman II. Moise, Mott,
Muiray, Nichols. (Jhn, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit,
William W. Phelps, Pike, Pouer, Pottle, Reilly, Robbms,
Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw. Judson W. Sherman, RobeTt
Smith, Spinner. Stanton, James A. Stewart, William Stew-
art, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbiidge,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
W.ishburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, Worten-
dyke, and Augustus R. Wright—107.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
iMr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was disagreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J7VASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana to allow me to offer my
amendment now. I understand that the commit-
tee authorized my friend from Iowa [Mr. Davis]
to offer it. •
Mr. ENGLISH. I have no objection to it
myself, but it would require unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
: move to strike out the provision establishing the
| route fiom Albuquerque to Fort Smith.
j The SPEAKER. The previous question is
, operating, and no amendment is in order.
! The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
! read a third time; and being engrossed,it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
i The previous question was seconded, and the
! main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCALES demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered. ^
The yras and nays wete not ordered.
The bill was passed—ayes 93, noes 58.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan Hest-
ry, his Private Secretary, informing the House
that he had this day approved and signed
An act for the relief of Captain Douglass Ot-
tinger;
A joint resolution in relation to the tobacco
trade of the United States with foreign nations;
and
A joint resolution giving the assent of Congress
to the acceptance by Captain M. F. Maury and
Professor A. D. Bache of gold medals from the
Sardinian Government.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, repoi ted that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled,
An act for the relief of Mary Boyle;
An act for the relief of Monroe D. Downs;
An act for the relief of Dinah Minis;
An act for the relief of Robert A. Davidge; and
An act for the relief of Rebecca M. Bowden,
of Prince George county, Virginia;
1 When the Speaker signed the same.
j MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
' Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am instructed
1 by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
i a bill making appropriations for the transporta-
tion of the United States mails by oceaif steamers
and otherwise, during the fiscal year endkig June
30, I860.
Mr. KEITT. I object.
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules, so as to enable me to report the
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask to have the bill read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will state for
the information of the House 
Mr. ICEITT, I object to debate.
The bill was read.
Mr. COLFAX. Is it the intention of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Mean's to
have the bill referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Most assuredly.
It makes an appropriation, and cannot be consid-
ered in the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; and the rules were suspended, two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
The bill was then read*a first and second time*
referred to the Committee ©f the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
TREASURY-NOTE BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In pursuance of
previous notice, I ask leave to introduce a bill to
revive and continue in force for two years the act
entitled "An act to authorize the issue of Treas-
ury notes/' 1 desire to have the bill read forin-
fonnation; and if objection be made, I shall move
to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It provides that the act en-
titled "An act to authorize the issue of Treasury
notes," approved 23d December, 1857, be revived
and continued in force for the space of two years
from and after the passage of this act; and appro-
priates #5,000 to defray the expenses thereof.
Mr. DEAN, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
and several other members, objected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missoun. I move to sus-
pend the rules so as to enable me to introduce the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON, Mr. MORGAN, and others,
called for the yeas and nays.
The ypas and nays wore ordered.
, Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say
that this biil makes an a'ppropriation, and that
my motion is merely to suspend the rules so as
to enable me to introduce it. It must necessarily
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MORGAN, and others. It will not get in.
The question was tafcen; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Andeison, Atkin«, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Bonham, Bowie. Boyce, Bianch, Bryan, Burnett,
Burns. Caskie, Cavanaugh, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cockenll, Cox, Jame<= Crau?, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Oimy, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dowdell, Kdmuiidson, English, Faulkner, Foley,
Garncit, Gartiell,Goodo,Gieenwood,Giegu, Lawrence VV.
Hail. HaMi. Hodse*-, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jcwett, Goorgi' W. Jom>s Kent, Lamar, Letcher, Mac!ay,t
MoKiithin, MeQ.ii''en, Mcllae, Samuel S. Marshal), Maoon.
JYliies, Miilci, MilUon, Moore, Pendleton, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, William W. Phelps^Powell, Reagan. Kuffin, Rus-
snil, Sandidge, Seah"*, Scwaid, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, Singleton, Robeit Smith, Samuel A. Smith.Wilham
Smith, Stephenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Tay-
lor, Vailandigham, Ward, Walking Whitney, Winslow,
Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wiighr—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adtam, Alii, Andrews, Arnold,
Bennett, Billinghurst, Bingham,Blair, Bhs«. Brayton, Buf-
finton, Burlmgame, Ca^e, Chapman, Ezia Clark, Horace F.
Clark, dawson, Clark B. Coehiane, Colfax, Comins Corn-
ing, Covode, Cragin, Curtis Davi^ of Mainland, Davis of
Ma^achusctts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, bewart, Dick, Dnn-
nnek. Dodd, Durlep, Edie, Farn=worfh, Fenton, Florence,
Foster, Giddinas, Giiman. Gdmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Gran-
gei, Grow, tiohrit ii. iiail, llailan, Harris, Ilaskin, Hill,
florton. Howard, Huylei, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kii>:ore, Knapp. John C. Kunkel. Landy, Leach, Leirty,
Loiter, Lovc]Ov, Humphiey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard,
Montgoiaeij, Mnigdu, Moriill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac
N. Moms/ripeinan II IVlots-e, Oliver A. Mor^e, Mott,
Muirav, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer. Paiker, Pettit, Phdhps,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pmvnince, Redly, Ricaud. Rohbms,
Uovce, Jud=on W Shc:m;in, Sickles, Spmnei, Stanton,
Wiiham Stewart. Tappan, Thaver, Thompson. Tompkins,
Ti'ppe, Undmvood, Vance, W.ide, Walhndge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. \V.i&hbuui, Eliiiiu B. Washhurne,
Isiael Washburn, and Wood—110.
So (tw6 thirds not voting in fdvor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During; the call of the roll,
Mr. ADRAIN (when his name was called)
said: Before I vote, I would like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
