1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
of the everier when she is pulling against England
on a load of railroad iron. [Laughter.] it is to
have our iron rails made at home, where our own
labor can be employed, and fed and paid; so that
our farmers can feed them, and keep the money
here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Government
received, during the last fiscal year, from customs
and from public lands, and from miscellaneous
sources, about $46,500,000. Now, I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if he does not think
that that is enough to sustain this Government,
economically administered, and on Democratic
principles?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I answer emphatically,
no. This Government cannot be maintained on
$46,000,000. The expenses of the Government
may be reduced, but cannot be brought down, in
my opinion, to $46,000,000. And next, 1 tell the
gentleman that whenever the expenditures are so
brought down, I will be willing to see the revenues
reduced accordingly; but not until then. I see no
evidence that they are going to be brought down
very much, and I do not believe that they are.
They may, in my opinion, be brought to a stand
still; and this is an effective reduction. If the gen-
tleman entertains the idea that they can be brought
down to $46,000,000, he had better banish it at
once, or he will be sorely disappointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We can try.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman may try. I
have no doubt that he is sincere in desiring to do
ao, and lie believes that it may be accomplished.
But letany man look around and see what the Gov-
ernment's wants are, and where he will begin to
economize. How much will he take from the
Army? how much from the Navy?
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I would take from
the Post Office Department the $10,000,000 which
it gets out of the Treasury.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would not. I would not
take a dollar from the Post Office service, so far
as postages are concerned. 1 have said thus much,
Mr. Chairman, almost unprepared. I did not ex-
pect to speak to-day; and I thank the Chairman
for hia courtcsy in letting me have the floor. My
only desire has been to show the true state of the
Treasury, as I believe it to be; and hav.ing done
so, in this hurried manner, I yield the floor.
1 have expressed my opinions fteely; but they
are my opinions on an impoitant subject, formed
on much examination and study. I believe the
Tieasury will be sadiy deficient in means. I desue
to provide abundantly for its wants, and to keep
the national credit from depreciation or dishonor.
I am distinctly opposed to a reissue of the Treas-
ury notes, which, at a low rate of interest, will,
us business revives, be the chief means of pay-
ment into the Treasury, and thus practically at
a discount. A loan will relieve the Treasury un-
til it matures; and it should run through a num-
ber of years, so that the means of repayment may
be easily supplied. I would supply the wants of
the Treasury to then fullest extent by aug-
mented duties on foreign impoits, discriminating
for the honor, welfare, and pi ospenty of our own
people; and I entertain the belief that the day is
not far distant when this doctrine will be uni-
versally recognized. Such legislation, in my judg-
ment, will impose the lightest burden upon all; it
is bayed upon equal consideration of all interests,
and according to established precedent and time-
honored practice.
[APF£XDfX
Showing deficiency in July, 1860 :
The fe'ucretwrv estimates the deficiency in tne Treasury,
July 1, I860, of $4,075,843
To thus must be added Tiea--uiv
lioto  $10,939 800
Fo t <)t*iee deficiency for this }c-u .. 3.S3S.7-28
Deduct ior over-estimates lor 1859.. 6.000.000
Deduct lor over-estimates lor 1800,
fj<>m custom* *6,000,0u0
Demiettoi over-estimates
ior 1860,from lands... 2,000.000
  8,000,010
Working cnpital for Ttensuiypwr-
pose   5,000,000
 42.828.528
Making probable deficit in July, I860 646,004,378]
INDIANA STATE STOCK.
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor to make an explanation in regard to the
State of Indiana, touching the very matter that |
was debated between the gentleman from Texas ;
[Mr. Reagan] and my colleague, [Mr. Hugiies?]
1 failed to obtain the floor at that time; and now |
ask simply to have a letter read, from the clerk of j
the Ways and Means Committee of our Legisla-
ture. It is due to my State, which has been un- :
justly attacked hero on the charge of being " a |
bankrupt State." i
The letter was read, as follows:
Indianapolis, February 1,1859.
Dear Sir: Mr. Denver, the Commissioner of Indian
Afiatrs, addressed a letter to tho Secretary of the Intenor,
apprising him that theie was due from Indiana, about twelve
thousand four hundred and tlnee dollars to his department,
for interest unpaid on bonds of the State held by the United
States in tiu^t for certain Indians. This communication
was sent to Mr. Gregg, member of Congress, by the bec-
retary. by whom it has been placed before our Genera! As-
sembly The«e we.ie icfeued to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and, as their cleik, 5 prepaied, on theirorder, a
report and resolutions, winch thev have agreed tolaybet'oie
the General Assembly. The object of this letter is to inform
you of what will be done here, and what will be asked of
you and your colleagues to do.
The commumcationof Mr. Denver concludesasfollows:
" I have aUo le^poctfully to .suggest the propriety of calling
the attention ot the Senators and Repieseinatives m Con-
gress, from Indiana, to the condition of this stock, and le-
i questmjj them to use then influence towards effecting an
early adjustment ot ?aid arrears of mteiest."
Thi* unpaid interest has accumulated, since 1855, on
$70,UOO of our bonds.; but the United States holds, m ull,
about §210,000, which it puieha ed in lc'37, m trust for cer-
tain Indians
In 184.% Congress parsed a joint le-olution directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to retain any money-, coming to
States indebted to it for unpaid principal or interest on bonds
or stocks held by the United States in trust. Under this
resolution, the Secretary retained our three per cent, fund,
Which, in 1655, amounted to about one lmndicd and six
thousand dollars. In 18-19, and for several year* afterwards,
the General Assembly passed joint resolutions declaims*
that this fund was held by it in tnist, and that u could not
be made liable for debts owing by the State. In 185.>. Gov-
ernoi Wiigln was dnccted to correspond with the Secie-
taiyof the Treasury, Air. Outline ; but the latter did not
regard it as a trust fund, and said he could not icfund the
tlnee per ccnt. without an act of Congress. This fund lias
been applied to payment of the mteiest on our bonds; and,
in 1653, having been exhausted, no interest has since been
paid. Hence, the letter of Mi. Denver.
The report reviews the influence of tfie General Govern-
ment in inducing the State to enter into the system of in-
ternal improvements ot 163d; the causes winch pievenred
tne Slate from paying interest in 1811; the proposition of j
the bondholder*, and settlement with them by the a^ts of \
1846 and 1647; the^arbitraiy act of Oongies* in seizing the
three per cent. tuml. &e. |
The act of 1847 declares "that the State will make no :
provision whatever heieatter, to pay either principal or m- !
terest on any internal improvement bond or bonds, until the !
holder thereof shall have fir>t surrendered «.aul bonds fo the I
aucntof State, and shall have received, in lieu theieof, cer- !
tificates of stock a* provided m the first section of this act." i
The State has at all times adheied to this stipulation, be- ;
cause it #ould have been wrong to have icquired the ae- i
j ceptmg bondholders to eomnfy with the net* of 184G arid I
I 1847, arid have paid, in full, the non-aceepting. -
t The repojt concludes with the declaration, that the peo- [
f pie of Indiana will not pay an\ interest on ariv bond but !
i m accordance with the acts of 1846 .aid 1847 ; and that, pre- j
1 hmmary to the United States complying therewith.'must i
i be the payment to the State of the tlnee per cent, fund !
j withheld. |
j The joint resolutions ipported, instruct our Senator* and I
J request our Represer'atives, to cause to have repealed the !
] rcolution of 1645, pay the St.ue the three percent, fund I
,j withheld, and direct the Secretary of Interior, or other !
j; pioper otneer, to surrender the bonds to the agent of State, j
i and receive certificates ot stock therefor, &.c."
jj Anothei direct? the agent of State not to receive the i
'! bonds «o held by the United States, whether transfeued by ;
^ it or not, until he shall be notified by the Governor that the 1
ij three per cent, fund ha? been paid to the tiea^uicr of State. 1
' Some years ago the Senate of the United State* passed a '
;! law as now requested ; but u uiifommateiy got nmonsf the j
!j "unfinished husmes-/5 of the Hou^e. I am aware how diffi- j
ji cult it will be to effect a satisfactory adjustment of these j
■ matters in the pn-sent condition of thcTreasuiy,and at this
:! late period of the session. Hut if these bonds were suiren- |
ii dcred at once, under the act of 1847. before the three pei
;! cent, fund is rcstoied, the State would Ioa-o about fifty five
thousand dollar*. Not kimwms but that our delegation !
{1 might take tome action, authorizing the Seeietaty to sin- :
! j render the bond* to the asrent of State, without tir^t pacing j
li this lund, I have hastened to appi^e you of the faets, and 1
!• the connection ot the interest on the bonds with the three
J! per r-ent. fund, and the action of the Committee of Ways
h and Means
! i Your fnend, L. BOLLMAN.
!' hon. Sciiuylf:r Colfax,
I! Mr. COLFAX. As the gentleman from Yir-
li ginia is anxious to proceed, and as I have accom-
;j phshed nil I desired by having this letter read, I
>| will not trespass further on the gentleman's time.
{I The Government is possessed of §106,000 trust
!| funds, belonging, by sacred compact, to the State
|| of Indiana, guarantied to her upon heradmission
ji into the Union—a trust fund which the Govern-
!i ment had no right to seize for the repayment of
ii debt, or for the liquidation of an investment which
the State did not invite. She has made an hon-
orable adjustment of all her debts with her cred-
itors—an adjustment satisfactory to them, and,
indeed, proposed by them; and has ever since
been paying her interest regularly. When the
Government refunds to her the trust funds they
have withheld by the exercise of their power, it
will be time enough for gentlemen to ask her to
place the Government on a par with her other
creditors.
GOVERNMENT EXPENSES.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Calhoun long ago said
that the people of every country may be divided
into two great classes—a division necessary and
eternal—the tax-payers and the tax-consumers.
These classes are here fairly arrayed against each
other, and the issue between them is well made
up. There is a deficiency in the Treasury; and
I am glad of it, for it raises the question, il Shall
we increase the taxes for the benefit of the tax-
consumers, or shall we reduce the expenditures
for the relief of the tax-payers r"
This, sir, is the issue to which I shall address
myself to-day.
According to the estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury, there will be a deficiency, on the
30th of June, 1860, of $4,075,848. Add to this
the amount asked for the current year as a defi-
ciency by the Postmaster General, of $3,838,728,
and you have a total deficiency for the next fiscal
year of 57,914,576. Now, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] who preceded me,
labored very hard to swel! the amount of this de-
ficiency. He first gives it as does the Secretary;
then he raises it to $27,000,000, then to $40,000,000,
and finally it grows to $50)000,000. How did he
accomplish this feat of arithmetic ? By adding
the loan of $20,000,000 made last year—a loan
upon a long time, which can m no way be counted
among the liabilities of next yeiir.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman will allow me
to coirect him. The loan is not included in the
$47,000,000. The loan is to be paid hereafter. I
said the Treasury notes being a debt due in July
and December respectively, the deficiency in the
Treasury on the 1st of July, 1860, would be
#47,000,000; and, of course, that does not include
the loan of $20,000,000.
Mr GAEiN'ETT. Then, sir, the gentleman
fails to explain to my mind, or to any one else, how
he can calculate on a deficiency of $47,000,000;
unless, indeed, he expects the expenditures to
outrun, or the revenues to fall short of, the Secre-
tary's estimates by §20,000,000. Admit these to
be correct, ar.d your deficiency cannot exceed, at
the end of the next fiscal year,the Secretary's es-
timate of nearly $8,000,000; or, if you add the
Treasury notes outstanding, §27,000,000. But is
it fair to count the Treasury notes as a portion of
this deficiency ? The gentleman will admit, and
every member of this Mouse must admit, that,
raise what tariff you may, impose what duties you
may, the $20,000,000 due upon Treasury notes
must be provided for by a loan or a reissue of those
notes. It is only the deficiency of $7,000,000 that
you can hope to meet by raising taxes. 1 take it,
then, that it is conceded, on all sides, that what-
evei financial policy wo may adopt at this session,
we shall have to provide by a loan or a reissue
for the outstanding Treasury notes. The only
present question is how to provide for the aliened
; deficiency of not quite $8,000,000 on June 30,
I 1860.
! Bat, to establish even this deficit, you must ex-
pend in the present and the next fiscal years every
dollar of appropriation asked for, as well as the
entire outstanding balances of existing appropri-
ations—a thing that has never been done before
in the whole history of the country; for, from
the foundation of the Government down to the
present tune, there has always been, at the end
of the fiscal year, an outstanding balance of ap-
propriations unspent, and, from the nature of
things, there always must be. Why, the present
fiscal yearcommenced with an outstanding balance
of appropriations of $.16,580,588; and the Secre-
tary estimates that the next fiscal year will com-
mence with an outstanding balance of $12,473,907.
Why, then, should we suppose that the fiscal
year,commencing July 1, I860, will be an excep-
tion to all preceding years, and begin withoutany
outstanding balance whatever? Look over the
items in the table of outstanding balances making
