loao
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
•Mr. FAULKNER. With the permission of
my colleague, I will state that the Committee on
Military Affairs have given to all the items of
expenditure connected with the Army a most
careful examination, and they are of opinion that
the appropriations for the support of the Army
for the next fiscal year may be reduced below
the estimates of the Secretary of War near
f2,000,000, and below the amount recommended
y the Committee of Ways and Means upwards
of |1,000,000.
Mr. GARNETT. I knew that my colleague
liad been devoting his usual ability and industry
to that department, and I am glad to have his au-
thority, and the authority of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to bear me out. I take, without
further investigation, his statement, that he is pre-
pared to propose a reduction of $2,000,000 in the
Army estimates. This makes an aggregate reduc-
tion of $6,000,000; and thus the estimated defi-
ciency is reduced to $1,900,000.
If, then, you go next to the Post Office Depart-
ment, and make it self-sustaining, you would at
once save, in the next fiscal year, $6,000,000; and
$4,000,000 of a deficiency for last year. That
makes §10,000,000 more. This $10,000,000,
added to the other- $6,000,000, makes a saving of
$16,000,000; while, against that, the Secretary
estimates a deficiency of not quite $8,000,000; so
that you will have an actual surplus of $8,000,000
at the end of the next fiscai year.
I have, thus far, shown that it is in our power,
at this session, to reduce the expenditures, so as
not only to cover the deficiency, if there is any
such deficiency in existence, but also to produce
an actual surplus in the Treasury. I ask gentle-
men whether, in the face of these facts, they are
prepared to increase the taxes?
But I go one step further. 1 am prepared to
show that the Secretary, so far from erring in an
extravagant estimate of revenue, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania says, has erred by un-
derrating it. I can show that the Secretary's
estimate will, in all probability—and, after all, it
must be a question of probability—be exceeded,
and largely exceeded.
It is but natural that a cautious officer, feeling
his responsibility and making his calculations at
the beginning of the session, should have put the
estimate of the revenue at the lowest point; but I
must say, while on this matter, that we have an
extraordinary spectacle presented to us to-day,
indeed, when the Pennsylvania Democratic mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways,and Means, who
is generally understood to be peculiarly the friend
of the Chief Executive himself upon this question,
comes into the House of Representatives and
makes a deliberate assault upon the Democratic
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I beg to say that the gen-
tleman has made two mistakes. In the first place,
if I am understood to be the representative of the
President, I am misunderstood. In the next place,
1 am not aware that I made any assault. I spoke
merely the truth, according to my belief; and it
cannot be fairly construed into an assault upon
any one.
Mr. GARNETT. But perhaps the gentleman
thought the truth was the severest libel. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania considers that he
made no assault upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I think that officer may well request to be
delivered from his friends and commuted to the
tender mercies of his enemies.
The gentleman took the estimate of the reve-
nue during this fiscal year, made by the Secretary
a year ago. You must remember that the Secre-
tary made that estimate for the year at a time
of the greatest possible commercial depression;
at a time when everybody thought the commerce
of the country would have revived within the
year, and under the new tariff which had not been
i hree months in operation. It is not unnatural,
therefore, that he should have erred. But the
Secretary now, with the experience of the year,
stands in a very different position. Let us ex-
amine his present estimates. He estimates the
revenue from customs at §50,444,520. Now we
must remember that the trade and commerce of
the country were just reviving from the effects of j
the crisis, in the first quarter of the year. There
oeipts then were probably less than an average of i
the whole year—they were nearly $13,500,000; j
and the same average would give, for the whole !
year, about $54,000,000, or §3,500,000 more than
the Secretary's estimate.
I have a table, taken from authentic sources,
showing that the imports into New York, from the
1st of January down to some time in the latter
portion of that month, were larger than tiiey were
during the same time in 1857. For instance, the
goods entered since the 1st of January to that date
were $10,576,607 this year, against $10,336,476 in
1857; goods entered for consumption $10,986,445
this year, against $10,655,983 that year. I have
seen a still later table than this, but I have not
got it with me, coming down to the first week in
February, and showing that the imports and
goods entered for consumption up to that period
were still larger than those of 1857, the year of
the largest importations ever known. Here is
proof, and very stiong proof, not only that trade
is reviving, but that the revival is exactly in that
point where we are concerned that it should be—
the increase of importations. Look at the returns
of the banks, the transport of produce over rail-
roads, and in every direction you find evidence
of the revival of commerce and enterprise. And
1 am informed that the commercial men of New
York predicted this thing six months ago. It is
no sudden event.
So far as we can rely upon the estimates of
commercial men in the commercial metropolis of
the country, the customs duties under the pres-
ent tariff for the present calendar year, and still
more for the next fiscal year, will largely exceed
$60,000,000. I say, then, that we are justified in
hoping that the customs duties, for the present fis-
cal year, will beat least $3,000,000 over what the
Secretary estimates; and for the next fiscal year, I
will put them at$60,000,000instead of #56,000,000
as he estimated. But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania argues that, to produce this revenue, or
even the Secretary's estimate, presupposes an un-
heard-of and impossible amount of imports. He
says that the actual revenue of last year was only
a certain percentage on the actual imports, ex-
cluding specie; and hence a simple rule of three
will give the amount of imports required to yield
any given amount of revenue. But how falla-
cious is such a calculation ! It presupposes that
the imports under the several schedules of duty,
and in the free list, always bear the same ratio to
each other. But the reverse is true. In times of
pressure, a large proportion of the importations
are either free goods, or goods that fall under the
low schedules. In prosperous times, the tax is
less felt, and more of the highly taxed merchan-
dise is imported. This theory accords with facts.
The customs, under the tariff of 1846, bore a dif-
ferent ratio to the imports every year. They va-
ried between eighteen and three tenths and twen-
ty-three and one fifth per cent.; or, if you more
properly consider the imports entered for con-
sumption, the limits of variation were nineteen and
one fifth and twenty-four and one half percent.
The specie imports ought, however, to be in-
cluded, for, in hard times, a larger part of the
returns for our expoits comes in that form. The
variation is then still greater; or from seventeen
and one tenth to twenty-three and eight tenths per
cent. Nor is this all my proof. The revenue
from the tariff of 1847 varied its ratio to the im-
ports every month and quarter.
Nor can I be alarmed by any amount the coun-
try may import. Rely upon it, sir, no people on
earth know better than ours how to attend to their
own business; and their purchases from the for-
eigner will, on an average, be balanced by their
sales to him. The foreign trade depends upon the
surplus of national production; the larger the
former, the greater must have been the latter; the
vaster our production and our wealth.
I calculate, therefore, that the revenue from
customs in this and the next fiscal year, wili ex-
ceed the Secretary's estimates by not less than
£7,000,000.
But why should the revenue from the public
lands be put down at only $1,400,000 this year,
and $5,000,000 next year ? and this in the face of
the fact that these lands yielded, even in the year
of the crisis, (1857-58,) $3,500,000 ? Why should
they yield less now? The only reason can be
that there arc now surveyed and ready for mar-
ket, but withheld from sale, sixty-two million
actus of public lands. Put those lands into mar-
ket, as they ouccht to have been long ago, and you
will at once see the effect of the revival of trade
there also. Offer these lands for sale, and the rev-
enue from that source, instead of being $1,400,000
this year, and $5,000,000 the next, will run up
largely above those estimates. I should not be
afraid to say, that instead of $6,400,000 for the
two years, you would have at least $9,400,000—
$3,000,000 over the estimate of the Secretary. I
will not enter into the cjuestion why these lands
have been kept from market. 1 will only ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether it is just
or reasonable to attack the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for his under-estimatcs, until he has shown
why the lands have not been made to yield as
large a revenue as possible in aid of the revenue
from taxes? If these land sales were stopped
because of consideration for the squatters upon
them, is not some consideration due also to the
people at large, whom he would tax to make up
for that willfully-created deficiency in the revenue
from public lands?
Then, there is, according to the best calculation
I can make, at least $10,000,000 for this and the
next fiscal year of revenue in excess of the Sec-
retary's estimate. If you make the reductions
I have before indicated, you will have a surplus
of $8,000,000. Add to that the excess over tho
Secretary's estimate of $10,000,000,and you will
have a surplus at the commencement of the next
fiscal year of over #18,000,000. I have criticized
the expenditures of this Government. I have at-
tempted to show where they could be reduced.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania tells us in gen-
eral terms that he is m favor of some reduction,
but he does not believe that much can be made.
None can be made, of course,, so long as you
have votes like those of this morning, and decla-
rations like that made by the gentleman in refer-
ence to the Post (Office Department.
It is important to the people to know where the
fault of these expenditures lies. It is important
to them to know to what party to charge them.
I am willing, as a member of the Democratic
party, to take my full share of responsibility. I
say that the records of the country will show that
these excessive expenditures, so far as party is
concerned, are not to be charged to the Demo-
cratic party, for thegreat majority of its members
has voted against them; but they are to be charged
to their enemies, combined with a fragment of the
Democratic party itself. They h$ve aided to
swell the public expenses,whether for the purpose
of creating a necessity for increased taxes or not,
I will not pretend to say. You have an overland
mail route to California. The estimate is that
each letter carried over that route, costs the Gov-
ernment sixty dollars.
That, however, is not enough for the tax-con-
sumer's party heie. They want another overland
mail route from St. Paul toPuget Sound, through
the hyperborean snows of our northern frontier.
Who voted to strike out that section fiom the
post route bill? Gentlemen on this side or on
that? Was it not retained in the bill by gentle-
men upon that side, with a small number of the
Democrats of this side? Were not the majority
of my friend's delegation found voting with the
other side?
Mr. FLORENCE. I was not.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Nor I.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 am happy to hear some
of my Pennsylvania friends say that they did not
vote for that route; but most of the delegation did.
The other day we had anotherproposiuon, which
I am told represents a combined movement, to
continue and revive appropriations for building
custom-houses and marine hospitals all over the
land. Who voted for it? Who but a small mi-
nority of this side uniting with the oiherside ? My
friend from Ohio reminds me of the book busi-
ness. Who carried the order to print Evans's
geological survey of Oregon and Washington; a
book to cost $100,000? I do not speak of par-
ticular gentlemen, but look at the vote. Again,
you will find a small minority here with the bulk
of the other side.
Examine the history of the last ten years, and
wheieveryou can trace these extravagantexpend-
ltures, these wastings of the public lands, these
dilapidations of the public fortunes, these mighty
rivers of expenditure to their fountain-heads and
oiiginals, you will find the majority of the Dem-
f* ocraiie p.uty defending the tax-payers and over-
ruled by the growing and organized cohorts of
the tax-consumers.
