1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10SB
Mr. KING. This bill was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs in response to a
resolution asking: that the compensation of officers
of the Army might be fixed and defined by an
amount m money, instead of allowances. The
thud section provides that so much of the double
rations as are allowed to certain officers mentioned
in that section shall hereafter be disallowed. That
section does not repeal all laws which allow
double rations; but in the case of a brigadier gen-
eral, and perhaps some other officers commanding
in the field, those double rations are allowed. I
propose to amend that section by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting the fol-
in lieu thereof:
That all laws or parts of laws allowing double ration* to
officeis for the cxeicise of special command or the perform-
ance of certain specified duties, be, and the same are Here-
by, repealed.
The amendment which I offer as a substitute
for that section, makes the operation of the bill
complete, and abolishes ail double rations. I
trust there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I cohcur very much in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York; but
there are some considerations against it. There
is only one point, however, which I think consti-
tutes a valid objection to the amendment. A gen-
eral, commanding a special army the field, or
any officer commanding a special army in the
field, is subjected, whilst he holds that position,
to extraordinary expense; and the double raiion
allowed to the officer thus commanding, I think,
is no more than probably a just provision for the
additional expense which he must incur. The
motion of the Senator in all other respccts, I be-
lieve, is just. For reasons which I hope will be
appreciated, I rather avoid touching the allow-
ances of the Commanding General. They were
made by Congress while 1 was in the executive
department. The amendment will include that
allowance which the bill did not touch. It in-
cludes the allowances of the Quartermaster
General, and Adjutant General, the colonels
commanding geographical departments, and also
includes any officer commanding a separate army
in the field. I rather think it is right in every re-
spect except that; but I make no further opposi-
tion to it.
Mr. KING. The object of this bill was to avoid
compensation by allowances to officers, which
was not a fixed compensation in coin, in money,
except their ordinary and regular rations, which
they receive in the field. One of the great diffi-
culties in relation to the extra allowances made to
officers, and made to ind'Viduals, in my judgment,
is, that some favored officer, or some peculiar po-1
sition of an officer, or condition of things, induces
an allowance by Congress of some extra allow-
ance to some particular officer; and another one
comes, and it is very difficult to make the distinc-
tion between them. He comes on the ground that
he has as good a right to this allowance as*the j
other party. In my judgment, if the general com- t
manding m the field, the adjutant general, and J
other officers, ought to have an increased com-
pensation, it would be better to increase their pay
than to give them this sort of allowance.
My particular reason for desiring the adoption
of this amendment is, that the law may be uni-
form for all officers of the Army in relation to
♦heir compensation, believing that, if this allow-
ance is left to any officers, it will hereafter be
made the reason for extending it until we get
back to the old system. I would vastly prefer,
if an allowance beyond the present compensation
is to be made to these officers, or rather if this
reduction is not made complete, that the change
should be made by repealing the allowance of
double rations and giving them so much as they
expend, or as the character of their service may
require, by the increase of their pay, and that
thev shall be allowed that increase hereafter,
rather than have such an allowance. |
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will ask the Senator, be- j
fore he takes his scat, whether I am right in the j
supposition that the Department has a discretion j
in paying officeis of the Army for any special j
duty performed outside of the regular pay-rule. I
I wish he would inform me on that point. j
Mr. KING. The present law authorizes double ;
rations to a variety of officers, and we have had !
at this hessuni betoie the Military Committee op- j
plications fumi commandants of posts, and dif-'
ferent officers, asking that this double ration may
be extended to them, to whom the present law
does not give it.* So long as this allowance re-
mains to anybody, it will be made a reason for
the grade which comes nearest to the one which
is allowed it, to ask that it be extended to them.
The object of this bill is to fix a uniform mode
for compensation to ail the officers of the Army,
though there are a few exceptions retained by the
Military Committee. But, upon consultation, I
offer this, amendment, believing it to be proper,
and hope that it may meet the acceptance of the
Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. KING. I will ask, so that the Senate may
have an opportunity to see the difference, that the
section proposed to be stricken out and the amend-
ment be read. That section provides for the re-
peal of most of those allowances, but not all.
The Secretary read the third section of the bill
and the amendment of Mr. King:
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I propose to amend the bill in
the second line. It now reads, " that fiom and
after the passage of this act." I move to strike
out those words, and insert,<{ that from and af-
ter the 1st of July next," so as to make the oper-
ation of the bill begin with the fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, whether
an officer of the Army now performing special
duty, under the orders of the Department, forex-
ample, doing duty combined with a commission
from the Navy, receives any extra pay under the
orders of the Department, or usage of the Depart-
ment, other than that stipulated m the law. I do
so, because I find that the act of 1842 says:
"Sec. 2. And belt further enacted, That no officer m
any biancli of the public service, or any other person whose
salary, pay, oi emolument*, is, or are, fixed by law or reg-
ulations, fchall receive any additional pay, extra allowance,
or compensation, in any form whatever, for the disburse-
ment of the pubhc money, or foi any other seiviee, ot duty
whatsoever, unle&s the same shall be authorized hy law, and
the appropriation theiefor explicitly set forth that it is for
such additional pay, extra allowance, or compensation."
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator from
Florida that that act of 1842 has always been con-
sidered obligatory in the War Department, and I
know of no case where such an allowance as1 he
speaks of has been made from the appropriation
for the support of the Army. I do not know of-
ficially that it is made anywhere. However, I
have been informed that other Departments hav-
ing the service of officers of the Army,do make
certain allowances to them. In the administra-
tion of the War Department, so far as I know,
from the date of that act down to the present ;
time, there has been no such allowance made to ;
an officer of the Army. \
Mr. HALE. I desire to suggest an amend- :
ment to the bill. I am not versed in military mat- !
ters, and do not know exactly how to act. I want ;
to put a proviso on the bill that the total pay and
allowances of a Brigadier General shall not in
any case cxceed $5,000 in time of peace, except
for actual travel and transportation of baggage.
Mr. PUGH. Leave out the baggage.
Mr. IIALE. Well, I will leave that out. If
that amendment be adopted, I have one or two '
more of the same beneficial sort.
Mr. KING. What is the present allowance? 1
Mr. IIALE. T find that, by the present allow- j
ance Brigadier General Wool received §8,854, I;
General Smith $8,189. |'
Mr. DAYIS. 1 would ask the Senator from ,
New Hampshire to look at the table from which !
he reads, and see how that sum is made up over i
and above the sum of $3,904. \
Mr. HALE. Well, there is $529 for fuel and j;
$684 for quarters. There is $1,200 made up from 1
fuel and quarters. j
Mr. DAYIS. I would say to the Senator that ,
I have no doubt he and I concur as to the object j
he has in view; but I want to point out to him
that, instead of effecting it, he will achieve ex- '
actly the reverse; that instead of those quarters ,
which he there finds commuted, and commuted !
at eightor nine dollars, according to the locality, 1
if he succeeds in adopting an amendment so as to j
strike off the commutation for quarters, which he .
has just read, in the gross sum, the eifrpt will be i
that the officer will require the number of rooms j
allowed by regulation to be rented for htm, and
in many places it will cost more than the present
commutation allowance which the Quartermas-
ter General gives. So of fuel. Those officers are
separated from the troops. They have not the
power to purchase fuel and supplies as if they
were serving with troops, and if you make a pur-
chase for that separate officer, by some one who
must be intrusted with it, I think he will find that
he will entail a larger expenditure upon the Treas-
ury than the commutation.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. One word more, if the Senator
pleases. These commutation allowances for quar-
ters, and the allowance of quarters, are not a
thing tfhich requires legislative action. It is under
Executive control. If the Executive meets the
wish of Congress, it is perfectly within his power
to correct any abuse which exists in relation to
quarters; but, as I said on a former occasion, this
actV>n must be by the cooperation of the execu-
tive and legislative departments or you can never
achieve a good result.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, I withdraw
the amendment in the confidence I have in the
judgment and knowledge of the chairman of the
committee, and we will see how it operates this
year.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not say that there is not
sometimes abuse in the commutations, but I think
if we seek to correct them in this form we shall
only make them worse.
Mr. HALE. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PUG!-!. I move to strike out the first sec-
tion after the enacting clause, and insert what I
send to the Chair.
Mr. IIALE. I want to offer another amend-
ment, if the Senator from Ohio will allow me.
Mr. PUGH. 1 give way to the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I will try one otheramendment.
I want to put in a proviso that the pay and emol-
uments of the Lieutenant-General shall not ex-
ceed $10,000 per annum.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry always to interpose
against the wishes of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, but I assure him that, instead of securing
the very thing which he is attempting to do, he is
pursuing the opposite road to effect it. Under
the bill there is no allowance for brevet command;
there is no brevet pay.
Mr. HALE. Well, I back outagain. [Laugh
ter.]
Mr. PUGH. Now I move my amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the first
section, and insert:
That the act, entitled " An act to increase the pnv of
the officers of the Anny." approved PVbruary 21, 1857,
he, and the same is hereby, repealed; and from and after
the 3Uth day of June, 1859, the pay and allowances oi all
officers of tho Army, including military storekeeper-? and
chaplains, he that pi escribed by the laws formerly m force,
except as heiemafter piovided.
We increased the pay of the officers of the Army
while we had a full Treasury. Now we are asked
toequalizc the pay of the officers of the Navy by
bringing it up to the same standard. I wish to
try the experiment of equalizing downwards for
once. We have now not only no surplus, but a
deficit; and how can we resist the prayer of the
naval officers, if we maintain the pay of the Army
officers at these rates, to bring them up to the
same sum? I believe the pay of our Army is
higher than that of any other army—unneces-
sarily so, especially in the higher grades; and I
have never known the day when there were not
from ten to twenty applicants for every vacancy
m the Army. But, sir, as these are the days of
letrenchment, when we have a deficit, I think this
is a good place to commence. I .admit, that after
we reduce the pay of Army officers, it would be
a very good proposition to reduce our own pay;
and if this amendment carries, I shall bring in'a
bill to reduce our own pay.
Mr. IVERSON We increased the pay of
officers of the Army a few years ago, not for the
reason assigned by the Senator from Ohio, not
because we had a surplus Treasury or an over-
flowing Treasury, but because the expenses of
living and maintaining their position had so
largely increased; and that is the reason why we
increased our own pay. It was not because we
had a surplus Treasury, but because the expenses
of hvin? 'had increased with the advance of the
Government* and that is the reason why the pay
