1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. HALE. I will tell you how it will hurt
the biil. I think, if we strike out the bill of the j
Committer; on Military Affairs, and insert this;
proposition, we shall fail to get anything:. If the i
Senator will go with us and let- us pass the bill '
reported from the Military Committee, this will
do very well to come m afterwards on the Army ,
appropriation bill, or somewhere else. j
Mr. PUGH. I know it will never pass unless I
I get it on somebody else's bill.
Mr. HALE. Put it on the appropriation bill. ;
I have always found that the best way to get !
amendments through is to put them on the ap- 1
propriation bills. The specific gtavtty of an'ap- ,
propriation bill has force enough to carry things
through. I
1 am sorry to say that I have sat so near the I
Senator from Georgia for so long a time, and have i
been so entirely misunderstood that he should ^
think he is the only man here who is against a !
standing army? Why, sir, ever since I came
into the Senate 1 have been preaching against it; 1
and I remember having been laughed at on the ,
floor of the Senate because I quoted what the wis-
dom of my ancestors, who helped to frame the !
constitution of New Hampshire, put into that '
constitution, which standstheie still, and I stand ;
by it, that standing armies are dangerous to lib- I
erty. 1 have quoted that, and have been laughed 1
at for quoting it. Hut, sir, I mean to quote it
evety year. I am opposed utterly to a standing
army. I have said, and 1 repeat, that it is one
of the absurd things we have copied from the
Bnnsh constitution;it is utterly unnecessary; but
1 will be just, and, as I said when the bill increas-
ing the pay of the Army passed, if you will keep
these things, if you will have an Army, I would
say to you just exactly as I would to a gentle-
man who insisted on keeping a span of horses,
a carnage, and footman, if you will have them,
feed them; do not starve them to death. So I say
to you, if you will have an Army. 1 think it is
entnely useless, a meie gew-gaw not worth the
keeping; it is one of the absurdities that we have
retained from our English ancestry and our Eng-
lish education, and I wish we could let it go, and
adopt some other veiy sensible tilings which we
might copy from them instead of it.
xSow, sir, while lam up, as 1 shall not speak
again on this subject, 1 wish to take occasion to
coirect an impression that was made the other
day from a remark which I made on the Xavy.
"What I have said of the Army applies equally to
the Navy, and 1 do not know but more so. I
said the other day that two timds of our Navy
were entirely useless, and the other thud nearly
so; and I find that 1 v.as lepivsenied as applying
this remark to the peisonnrl of the Navy, instead
of the establishment. I have not said, and never
shall say, on this door, a ^yilaole reflecting upon
the character of any officer of the Navy or of
the Army. I have nothing to do with them m
this respect. From the limited acquaintance
which 1 have had with the officers of the Army
and Navy, I have found tht m to be os respect-
able, intelligent, high-minded, honorable, and up-
right gentlemen as I have found m any of the
walks of life; but i cannot heln feelimr that they
are unnecessary. Let me hen: make a remark
that was once made to me a good many years
ago, at the first session 1 was ever a member of
Congress. 1 went one evening to the national
ball, on the 22d of February, atCarusi's saloon.
It was brilliantly illuminated, and the light was
reflected from gilded epaulets—I do not know
but that they were real gold: they looked like it
—all over the room. A sterling, honest Repte-
sentaave, the same man whom 1 quoted yester-
day, Cave Johnson, of Tennessee, said to me:
s* look iieie, and find out now what bureau duty is,
and fmu out now what we aie keeping up a stand-
ing army for." li occasioned some remark, and
I have found one improvement in that mutter. 1
do not know but that there are as many officers
about the Capro! as there us ed to be; I think
- there are; but they do not wear their tpauiets.
I am for reform, and reform in this place; and
I am willing to follow the Senator from Missis-
sippi. 1 have a great deal of contidence in his
judgment: perfect conlldcnee m his sincerity; and
I thmk that he sincerely means to reform. The
fact that, with his education and his prejudices,
he is in favor of this degree of reform, I think,
should satisfy those who have not those diffi-
culties to contend with, that a great deal more is 1
actually necessary; but I am willing to take this 1
on ttml, and 1 am soiry that the Senator from ;
Ohio deems it necessary to oiler this substitute
for the first section of the bill. I think, if we can 1
I take the bill reported by the Military Committee
for the entertainment, this will do veiy well to i
come in for a dessert afterwatds. 1 hope the Sen- I
ator from Ohio will think better of the matter, ;
and, instead of offering it as a substitute for the I
fiist section, offVr it as a separate proposition. If ,
he insists on it, 1 must vote against him, though
| I shall do it with the greatest reluctance in the ;
world. 1
Mr. COLLAMER. I call for the order of the
; day—the bill making an appropriation for the ac- 1
quisitionof Cuba, on which the honorable Sena- .
' tor from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] has the
, floor, and expects to be heard at this time. ,
Mr. DAY1S. 1 should be glad if we could have 1
a vote on this question. I will only say to the
; Senate that the usefulness of this biil will be
1 greatly impaired by delaying it until after the ap-
I propriation biil fur the Army shall have passed
i the House. i
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
1 in the chair.) Does the Senator from Vermont '
' withdiaw his motion r
, Mr. COLLAMER. If gentleman desire to take
a vote on this question, and there is to be no more
debate, 1 have no objection to the vote being
taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, on which the yeas and nays have
! been ordered.
i The yeas and nays were taken; and resulted—
yeas 14, nays 41; as follows:
YE\S—Messrs Chandler, Clay, Douglas. Hamlin, Har-
| lan, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,, Polk, Pugh, rilideli,
: Stuait. Tnomlw, Tiumbull. and Wade—14.
XAYS—Me-«-rs. Allen, Bates, Bell, Benjamin, Dialer. '
Bnght. Brodeuek, Cameron, Che?nuf, Clark. Chngman,
(JoUamer. Cntienden, Davis, Dixon.Doohttlo. Durkee, Fes- ■
i send( n, Fjti'h. Fitzpatncli, Foot. Gioen, IJ.tle, Ilammond,
Houston. Iver on, Kennedy, ICmtr, Malioiy, Ma*on, Pearce,
lie id. Rice. Sebastian, Seward. Shields, Simmon*, Thomp-
son of Kentuckv, Waul, Wilson, and Yulee—41.
j So the amendment was rejected.
, The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in.
' The bill was ordered to he engiossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PENSION BILL.
, Mr. COLLAMER. I call for the order of the
■ day.
Air. CLLN'GMAN. I ask the consent of the
1 Senate to present a resolution calling for some in-
■ formation fiorn thp Secretary of the Interior, on
an impoitant measure which is now before us,
' and winch I am told is ready to come in. The
lesoluiion js:
Rcioh cl. That the Secretary or the Interior h^ requested
to iay beiore the Senate anv estimate? that In* may have of
■ the ptobable amount that will be learned to -ati-n the
claim- au-iMij t'lom llou*e bill \o. 03L-, now boioi e the Sen-
ate. entitled •• An act «i.intnm pennon.-* to tne ofheei> and
tolihet.- ot the vun with Gicat Biitain ot loU, and tho-e
. engaged in India.i wars during that period."
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator that
the information has been furnished.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, 1 hope it will be
printed. My object was to get it m a shape m
which u could !>: presented. I was told we could
■ have a reply in the morning, and it might then be
punted tor our use.
Mr CLAY. With the indulgencoof the Sen-
ate, and of my friend fiom Kentucky, who 's en-
titled t«> the floor on another question, I will state
that for several days I have been trying to get the
floor when the Senate was full, with a view of
reporting upon the bill winch v.as referred to the
Committee on Pensions, fiom the House of R* p-
reaentatives, "grunting }  usions to the officers
and soldiers of the war with Cm at Lh itoin of 3S1J,
and thosr engaged in Indian wars (junnj that
period,;; rind L will state to the Senate that to-
morrow, during the morning houi, I will make
this report, anu test the sense of the Senate upon
it when the i«.port is read. I think it is dm; tn
the Senate, to the country, and to those who will
be the beneficiaries under tins biil, if it become
1 a law, that our action should be decisive and
1 prompt. I give this notice in order that those
who do not want to vote upon the old soldiers5
bill may stay away. At the same time, I will
state that the information which the Senator from
North Carolina seeks by the resolution he has
offered, will be picsented to the Senate in the re-
port which I hold in my hand.
I will also avail myself of the courtesy of the
Senatoi from Kentucky to state that when that is
disposed of, I shall ask the Senate to take up a
bill, reported by me the week before last, and
which has been lying on the table of Senators for
some, days, to reorganize the collection districts
of the United States; and I invoke the attention
of Senators to that part ot the bill which relates
to their own collection districts, that they may
come here prepared to vote upon it.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. xso. 497)
making appropriation to facilitate the acquisition
of the Island of Cuba by negotiation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, Mr. HALE, and Mr.
BENJAMIN, addressed the Senate until a late
hour. [This debate will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Februaiy 15, 1S59.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Dickixs, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the President had approved and signed an
art for the admission of the State of Oiegon into
the Union; also, that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, a bill of this House for the
relief of A. Baudoum and A. D. Robert.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 1 present the credentials of Hon.
Lafayette Grover, a Representative from the
State of Oregon.
Mr. Grover came forward, and the Speaker
administered to him the usual oath to support the
' Constitution of the United States.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BON HAM. I rise to a privileged question.
I perceive, in yesterday's report ot the proceed-
ings of Saturday, in the Globe, the following lan-
guage:
Mr. Jones, of Tenne^pe. The previous question, as
I understood, i« pending on thi? hill. The understanding
vva*, that the amendments should come m m ouler, and no
other way.
u Mi. 1>omi\>t. There was nothmy #.;iid about order. I
heard not a word about the subject of ord<- r.
■•The Speaker. When the gentleman from Georgia was
appealed to, to iet the amendment? in, he implied that he
aL'K<:d to let them all bo presented and punted, arid that
then they eould come m miderthe rnle>.
,;Mr. Bomivm. There was nothing>uid about the rules.
u The Speaki-r. I have the icnmtk* of the gentleman
from Gecfya before tne:
,:vMr. S'lEPiifNS. of Georgia. That the spru'^man from
Ketitueky may understand n:y auieement. it i*: that on
Saturday, at twelve o'clock, tin motion- now pemlmsr-hall
come up'undoi the lulejustus it the previous question were
su-tamed J
"Mr Bon'iioi. That nm.-r hav^ been t-aul afterwaid<,
that the ceritleman from Kentucky might understand the
agieement ptevioush made."
I ask leave to explain to the House how it was
that this misapprehension, on my part, occurred.
In the opening remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, on this subject, he said he did not in-
tend to call the previous question, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] wished to
oiler am'-ndments; but, said he:
In order to k< ep ?he biil betoie the TTou^r, I in'.ae to
iehv uk hill t<; the < 'umnnUee ol the Whole on tne --tate o!
tie* Timm. I mtend, at an eai !y ln>ur, howevei. to oaii niu
previous question, and bung the HoUne to a vote on the
sublet
At a later hour of the day, Mr. Marshall, of
Kentucky, said:
;c I anpfa! to the yentleinan fions Georgia to withdiaw
hi> motion to fO!misu> and allow amendment^ to be ofiWed.
Then ! '-hah have no objeetioii to the ptopo-iuon of the
geittb man
uMi. Stevhens, of Geoigia. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to commit on Saiurd'H montmg.
fv Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, 1 would «n?!iest t-o the «en-
' tleman from Georgia that by general consent tins bill bo
