1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Commissioners, whenMcCormick was nonsuited
on a technicality, to the .present, they have made
large investments in these machines, and in ma-
chinery for the manufacture of these reapers; and
now, if McCormickgets the renewal ofhis patent, |
all the money which they have invested in this
enterprise will be lost to them. Well, sir, I say
they have made their investments with a full no-
tice of the state of these proceedings; and justice
is not to be denied to one party because others
have undertaken to take advantage of a technical
rule of law, to pirate on his just rights. I have
only to repeat, in conclusion, that I trust the
Senate ^rill decide the case now, and will not
return it to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, who could do no more than they
have done—make the same report back to you
to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to cay but
a few words on this subject. I am not in a
condition to address the Senate at length, and do
not propose to do so. I do not understand the
question to be as suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi. It is not a question between Mr.
McCormick and other proprietors and manufac-
turers of reaping machines. It is a question
between Mr. McCormick and the grain-growing
people of the whole United States. It is a ques-
' tion between Mr. McCormick and your constit-
uents, my constituents, and the constituents of
every gentleman on this floor.
The Senator from Mississippi maintains that
injustice has been done to Mr. McCormick. If
I thought so, I would go as far as that Senator,
or any other on this iloor, to conect it; but I
have read the history of this transaction very .
imperfectly, or with a poor understanding, if any !
such state of things exists. I think that Mi. (
McCormick is the last man on the face of the ;
earth who has a right to complain. What are ;
the facts? In 1834 Mr. McCormick applied for j
a patent for a reaping machine. Remember that j
was anterior to the act of 1836, which required ]
an investigation, and which protected others in !
the enjoyment of prior inventions. In 1834 he
applied for a patent. A patent was granted to
him for fourteen years. Mr. McCormick availed
himself of all the improvements made before—
putting them together with ingenuity I grant—
and resulting in usefulness to the country, for I
do not propose to detract from his merit's. He
came m with all the improvements which pre-
ceded him for twenty or thirty years. He got a
patent, and went on with it, and enjoyed that
patent, to the exclusion of all others, fur fourteen
years.
What is the spirit and intention of the law
granting patents? It is, that a man shall enjoy
the benefits of his discoveries for a series of
years—a trim long enough to remunerate him.
The law, in its wisdom, has decided that four- i
teen years is sufficiently long, except under very i
extraordinary circumstances, and it is provided, .
that when those extraordinary circumstances
shall arise, the Commissioner of Patents is au-
thorized to grant an extension for aeven addi-
tional years. Air. McCormick enjoyed his patent
for fourteen years. At the end of that time he
presented an application for a renewal. That
application was considered; and by whom? It
was considered by James Buchanan, Edmund
Burke, and R. H. Gillet—three gentlemen whose
competency has, not been impcached. The Sen-
ator fiom Mississippi says that injustice has
been done him. By whom: By these three
gentlemen_ appointed by the law to investigate
that question! It sterns to me that my friend
from Mississippi is puffing his candidate for the
Presidency m rather a bad fix; for if he was not
competent to do ]u.stiee to a single individual in
fin isolated question of fact and law, it does not
seem to me that he is very competent to preside
over the destinies of this great nation. James
Bin hanari was one of those who decided that
Mr. McCormick was not entitled to an extension, j!
Mr. McCormick comes in now, and alleges that
the derision was made on a technicality—that j[
it was not upon the merits of the case at all! |!
The laets do not appear so on the record. Let ji
us see what those gentlemen establish them- j
selves—not what Mr. Burke swears, or Mr. Gil-jl
let swears, because they swear directly in con-:j
tradiction of each other, except with the qualifi- i
cations that Mr. Gillet has seen proper to make ^
by saying that he supposed his colleague was
mistaken. Here is what they did say—taken
from the records of the Patent Office:
In, the Matter of the application of C. H. McCormick for an
Extension of his Patent for a Reaping Machine.
The boaid mot, agreeably to published notice, on the
thiid Monday (21st) in March, 1848, and adjourned to
Wednesday, the l2Ud.
March 25, 1848.—Hoard met pursuant to adjournment.
Present: James Buchanan, Secretary of State; Edmund
Burke, Commissioner of Patents; and R. H. Gillet, Soli-
citor of the Treasury; and—
Ordered, That the further hearing of this application be
postponed to Tuesday, 29th of March, and that the said
McCormick be dnected to furnish satisfactory testimony
that the invention of his machine was prior to the inven-
tion of a similar machine by Obed Ilussey, and that he be
directed to give due notice to the said Hussey of the time
and place of taking said testimony.
March -29, 1818.—Board met agreeably to adjournment.
Present: James Buchanan, Seeietaiy of State; Edmund
Burke, Commissioner of Patents; and R. H Gillet, Soli-
citor of (lie Treasury, and having examined the evidence
adduced in the case, decide that said patent ought not to be
extended.
JAMES BUCHANAN, Secretary of State.
EDMUND BURKE, Commissioner of Patents.
R. H. GILLET, Solicitor of the Treasury.
Mark this ! Gentlemen say it was hastily done
and on the technicality. Here is the proceeding
of the board itself. <{ Having examined the evi«
dence adduced in the case,5' they " decide that
said patent ought not to be extended." There
is not a word of technicality here.
Now Mr. McCormick wants to go back behind
the decision of this board. Three competent men
were appointed under the law to examine the tes-
timony, and he wants to set aside their decision,
—and on wVat ground ? He alleges that it was
on a technicality. Let us see how that is. Mr.
Burke testifies, according to the statement of the
Senator from Mississippi, that it was on a tech-
nicality. Here is the certificate of Mr. Gillet,
as honorable a man as Mr. Burke, one of his col-
leagues, and no doubt just as competent as Mr.
Burke, and he certifies and swears to it, as well
as Mr. Duike does, that it was not upon a tech-
nicality, but upon a full investigation of all the
facts and testimony, and upon the merits of the
case. So much for that: but the point I feel in-
terested about is a different one.
It strikes me that an act of great injustice may
and will be perpetrated if this bill shall pass.
Why ? By an act of Congress it is made the duty
of the Commissioner of Patents, when a patent
expires and is not to be renewed, to issue a proc-
lamation to the world that it has become public
property. That is for the protection of the citizens
of all the United States. That proclamation was t
made m this case, as is shown by this certificate:
Titr Itvitrt> States Patent Office :
To all persons (o whom these presents shall come greeting:
This 1-. to certifv, that with the annual report of the
Commissioner of Patents of the tiansactions of the Patent
Oillco, On the year eighteen hundred and foity-eight, theiu
wa-> laid before Con«rc^sa ln>t of all patents which had become
public property during that year, as required by section four-
t'M'nih oi'ilie patent act of March the third, eighteen hundred
jnid tlinty-seven.
That tlie said list was printed and published with said
repoit, and embt jeed, among others, the patent gianted to
C\nu fl. McCormick on the twcnty-fn>t daj of June,
eighteen bundled and tlurry-four, for an improvement in
the machine for cutting gtain of all kinds.
in testimony wheieo/, I, Ch.iile& Mat-on, Commissioner
of Patents, have cau-ed the seal of the Patent Office
r j s 1 to be hereunto affixed, this twentv-fourth dav of
1 J* ,J May, in the year o£ our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-six, and of the independence of
the United States the eightieth.
C. MASON.
Proclamation was made eight years ago to the
people of the United States that this was public
property, thereby throwing open the door to all
the men of the country to take their capital and
invest it in the manufacture of these machines; and
thousands, and ten of thousands, and hundreds
of thousands of dollars hav^been invested-under
this proclamation made m pursuance of law and
by the authority of the Government of the United
States. You propose now to put it in the power
of Mr. McCormick to have his patent renewed.
I ask you where are your ideas of justice, and
what is to become of these men and their capital,
whom you have induced by your own proclama-
tion to invest it in the manufacture of reaping
machines? It is estimated that there are twenty
thousand of these machines being manufactured
in the United States annually, requiring a capital
of an immense sum of money. 1 ask you what
is to become of them ? I know very well the bill
proposed by the committee seems to give some
protection to these gentlemen who have thus in-
vested their means under your authority and by
your protection. What does it say. Here it is ;
"Provided however, That all persons now enjoying the
lawful use of any machines or improvement^ piuteet^d by
the said letters patent of Cyrus H. McCoi mick, and the pur-
chasers of any such machines and improvement.- x>m use,
or lawfully constructed therefoi, if and when *aid commis-
sioner shall renew said letters patent as aforesaid, may con-
tinue to use the same notwithstanding the provisions ol this
act."
That applies to the use of the machines already
made; but suppose it is intended to be construed
as applying to those who have invested their
capital in the manufacture of them ? What does
it amount to? It speaks of those now enjoying
the " lawful use" of the machines. If it shall
be determined by the Commissioner of Patents
to renew the patent, I ask any sensible gentle-
man whether any man will be in the lawful use
of the manufacture and construction of these
machines? At last this places it within the power
of Mr. McCormick to arrest the manufacture of
every machine in the United States, twenty
thousand of them in number, and all the capital
which you have induced, by your own act, to go
into an investment of this kind, is to be sacrificed
in order that "justice" may be done to Mr.
McCormick, who has enjoyed the protection of
the Government for fourteen long years !
That is not all, sir. Suppose you grant to
Mr. McCormick an extension of his patent for
seven years more: there are twenty thousand of
these machines being constructed annually; and
if he should charge a tax fee of twenty-five dol-
lars on each one, which is a small estimate, I
believe, you give Mr. McCormick the very rea-
sonable sum of $500,0001 This is assuming that
he can dispossess these gentlemen from the man-
ufacture of these articles. If they go on, and he
taxes a fee of twenty-five dollars on each machine,
twenty thousand of them being made, lie will
have an annual income, from this source, of
#500,000. Who pays this? It is paid by the
agricultural producers of thecountry. Thefarmeis
of the country are made to pay this tax. in
God's name, is it not enough that you shall give
protection to one man, against the whole nation,
for fourteen years, without coming in to place the
whole gram-growing: Union under the mercy of
that one man for seven years more? It seems
to me to be a monstrous proposition.
I have great doubts in my mind about the re-
newal of patents at all. Some cases may arise,
and probably will arise, and some doubtless have
arisen, where from, peculiarciicumstances.it may
be just and prudent on the part of the Govern-
ment to extend the privilege for seven additional
years; but they are very rare. I do not leinem-
Ber, in my legislative experience here, to have
seen more than one case where I thought a patent
ought to be extended. It seems .to me to be
enough that a man shall have the exclusive right
tojnanufacture ind sell articles foe fourteen years,
without, at the end of that time, coming in and
asking to have it extended for seven additional
years. All the facts of this case were before the
board of extension. They were competent to
decide it. No man attacks their competency.
They have investigated it fully under their re-
sponsibility, with the parties ontheground, with
the proof and testimony before them, and they
have decided it. I am not willing to go behind
that decision, and destroy the verdict which they
have rendered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have a few
words to say on some patent cases, and I pre-
sume they will apply as well to this as to any
other. I am opposed to the renewal of any patent
by act of Congress, or in pursuance of an act of
Congress, after it has expired. I do not ste mv
way clear as to the powei under the Constitution
to renew a patent after it has expired. The Con-
stitution provides for securing to she inveiuor the
benefit of his invention for " a limited time," to
be prescribed by law. Of course, then, the patent
right remains a private interest during that lim-
ited time. Whenever, however, that exclusive
privilege expires, the right to use the patent is
vested m the public at large—in every individual
of the world; and I know of no power under our
Constitution and form of Government to legislate
out of each individual a right which has thus
vested in him. I hold that the right of any other
man engaged in the manufacture of those ma-
