1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1605
su^estion being made that he had not had a fair
heann0'. The motion, as I understand, now be-
fore tne Senate, is that made by my fnend from
Ohio to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. PUGH. I will withdraw the motion, with
the consent of the Senate- I am willing to take
a vote on the bill.
Mr. BIGGS. I rose to ask its withdrawal, and
to statp that, as this question has now been fairly-
heard by the Senate—as all the members, in all
probability, have made up their mind, for my-
self, after "hearing attentively the additional argu-
ments made in this case, I Ktill remain of the opin-
ion that the patent ou^ht not to be extended. _ I
shall, therefore, vote for the rejection of the bili.
Mr. COLLAMER. The statements which
we have in relation to the facts of this case seem
to differ very essennally. In the first place, if 1
understand the report of the committee, it is
based on the ground that this man did not have
a proper hearing before the board on the ques-
tion of the renewal or extension of his patent,
because the testimony was irregularly taken, I
think, if any gentleman will examine the testi-
mony now bt-Tfure us, nnd copies of the papers
before the committee of the House, it will fully
appear, from the statements of Mr. Giliet and
others, which have been read, that such is not the
case. And if we credit, as I have no doubt every
gentleman does, the statement of the Senator
from Maine, the ground is not the informality of
the testimony, but, as he understands it, is be-
cause the board decided the case on an imma-
terial issue. Xow, sir, what was the issue? He ;
says it was wronj^ for them to inquire whether j
the original invention, for which a patent was j
taken out bv Mr. McCormick, was new, whether |
it had not "been anticipated, and whether it did 1
not exist in Hussey ^ patent? I do not think j
th.it was an immaterial issue. That man ought ]
not to have his patent renewed for an hour if j
the machine had been previously invented, pub- j
lished, and known to the world, by anybody, ■
patentee or not. !:
Mr. FESSENDEX. The Senator will allow |
tne to explain why 1 consider it an immaterial
issue. Hussey's machine was a different one :
from McCormick s. In the first place, if was a :
different combination of machinery. In the sec-
ond place, one had what is called the sickie-edged j
and the other the smooth-edged cutter. They ■
were different tilings, as I understand, and so it j
will be found in the papers. Mr. Hussey him- j
self testifies ihat the machines were different en- j
tirdv in their character, and that one did not
interfere with the othei. The question^ which :
the boaid examined v.'as not as to the difference,
but simply the question, which ot the two first |
invented a'machine? and having got thus far they ;
thought they lud settled the whole matter, and •
finding that Hussey first invented a machine, ;
they went no further, but decided against
McCormick.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I know
not how we can very well get at what a court
did; but from the proceedings of the court itself, j
But take it even as the Senator from Mai no says. ,
They did decide thatthi-s invention of Mr. McCor- >
nuck, was anticipated by Mr. Iiussey [ care j
not what Hussey thought about it. Who cares ■
what Hussey thought of it? The court of com- ■
petent jurisdiction inquired into it, and found that ■
it was the same m its essential features. They
were competent to try that matter, and they did
trv it. But to show' how that fact was, i wish
to"'read the statement of Mr. Page, who was then
examiner. .
Mr. PCOrH. Allow me to say that the deci-
sion which the Senator now proposes to read, is
that which was appealed from to the board.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is the decision which
was appealed from. The examiner made the first
decision. It was referred to the Commissioner
after thai; and this is tne decision which was
appealed from, on which Mr. Buchanan, Mr.
Burke, and Mr. Giliet passed. _ Ihat was the
point to be heard; and that decision was this:
WASHINGTON*. May 12, Lfoo.
Stir*. At yom request. I will proceed testate the extent
of imv official participation m the refusal to extend rvms
H. MeC ormiek's patent or" 2Ut ot' June. U^'M, ior alleged
improvements m leaping   - -
time of MeComuck's application for extension I was cmel
examiner of patents, and had been for six years in charge j
nrni mowins machines. At the lj
of the subject of reaping and mowing machines. It was the
practice of the Patent Office, at that time, to refer applica-
tions for extension to the examiner, for his investigation,
and report upon the noveltv of the invention at the time of
the ffrant of the patent. The question of remuneration,
and "other* touching the extension, were not referred to the
examiner; hut all paper* belonging to the case were exam-
ined clerically by him prior to the action of the board.
Upon examination ot the novelty of MeCormick's inven-
tion, I found that he had been fuilv anticipated in prior
patents granted to others, and reported to the Commissioner
of Patents, as iollowa :
Pitevt Office, January %2, 1848.
Sir: In compliance with your lequisjtion, I have exam-
ined the patent of Cynn ti.'McCormick, dated -21-tJune,
l&M, and found that the principal features embraced m *aid
patent, viz : the cutting-knife and mode of operating it. the
fingers tosuide the giam.and the revolving rack foi gather-
ing the gram, wi re not new at die time of granting said
letters patent. The knne, finger^ and general arrangement
and operation of the cutting apparatus were found in the
reaping machine of O. IIu&>ey, patented December 31,
ISttJ.
The revolving rack presents novelty chiefly in form, as
it* operation is Miwlai to the revolving trameof James Ten
Evck, patented 2d November, lo-io.
Res-pocuully bubnntted,
CHARLES G. PAGE, Examiner.
Hon. Edmund Burke, Commissioner of Patents.
The opinion held by the Parent Office at that time was,
that the subjects of McCormicliVtlaims. differ< dm no -ub-
stantial paiticulais from previous inventions : and that ifhe
had applied tor a patent ior ins reaper ^ub-equent to the act
of Jul} 4, ii&o, his patent could not iiaveb^en grained, ex-
cept upon pi oof of pnonty of invention, and th.u whatever
remuneration he had received was principally lor inven-
tions previously patented by others.
i have reason to bcheve thai MeCormick's ea<e hod a
full and patient hearing at the Patent Office, and uuu-*ual
indulgence fiom the board of extension; nor did 1 ever
hear, during the pendency of Ins application, nor no 1 new
believe, that he had not ample time and opportunity 101 es-
tablishing hi? claims.
I have no reason whatever for changing mv opinion,ex-
pressed officially to the Commissioner when Mc.Conmrk's
application for an extension \vi?«j pending before the board,
that he was not the original and first inventor oi any mate-
rial and minoirant prutol the meeiiaiiMii ot the maelune
de^enbed ui Ins patent of 1^34. On the contiarv. I have
abundant reason for believuig that opmion to be couect.
and that it doe* McCormick no injustice, even if the patent
of liussey be left entirely out of the question, and lefcience
  had to U.ose ofP™ ^CtLVKT.ES O VaGE.
To P. H. Watson, Esq., Washington. D C.
City and County of W v^hino rox, I). C..s.?.
On tilt- 10th day of May. 3^ o. b  sore the s-nb^enber, a
justice of the peace in and Joi ^aiu count}, pei--ona!lv ap-
pealed Chaile.- G. Paso, arid made t-olemn o ith that the
foregoing statement, signed by linn, is tme, to the best of his
belief and knowledge.
JOHN S. HOLLIXG^IIEAD,./. P.
JNow, that was the question decided in the first
instance, and therefore die only question which
I did become matei lal beiore the board. It was,
' which was earliest, not merely as patentee, for
that was a matter of date, but which was first in
1 point of discover}*1 in fact. They decided that.
, Sow the gentleman from Maine seems to think
i they made an immaterial issue. The whole
1 papers show ciearly that they did not make an
i Immaterial issue. It was the very issue that
I was wanted. There would have been, to be
| sure, another one, if they got over this, and that
was, whether he had icceived sufficient remu-
i aeration; but that was entirely another matter.
| I do not conceive how, as this case stands, we
| can pass the bill. Certainly, it is clear that the
I man did not lose ins extension in consequence of
i any irregularity of his testimony. It is quite as
clear, 1 think, it'we examine the whole case, that
m point of fact the issue, and the right i^sue, was
: decided by the competent board 011 full examina-
1 tiou. There is nothing to show otherwise.
( but I have, Mr. President, other s.-nous objee-
' tions to this bill. If it be true that Congress can
entertain an appeal of this kind, certainly great
caution is requirtd in the use of such power.
' How do we find the history of this case to be ?
' In 1834, McCormick obtained a potent. We all
! know that then a man took out a patent of course
before the act of 1836. If he made an affidavit
i that he was the original inventor and discoverer,
he took out a patent, as a matter oi course. We
i are told by Mr. Page that the patent never could
[ have been granted under the last act; but, no
' matter, he took it.
i it further appears that the essential features of
' the vibrating motion of the cutters, which must
| necessarily be given to anything' in order to cut,
! was noi original or new. At any rate, it was
' ineffective, and amounted to nothing. He has,
to be sure, since that time, made improvements
on that machine which have made the practical
application of it such as to make it a useful
machine. He has a patent for the improvements;
ho is entitled to it; and he keeps it. Their
application has nothing to do with this bili. It
is also true that that element for which he was
never entitled to a patent has entered into a great
many other machines. Since that time a great
many machines have been made, all based on
this unpatentable element for which he now seeks
to renew a patent, and not only have those ma-
chines been made and improvements on them,
but large factories are' set up in all parts of our
country, based on this element.
Now, what he asks is, that we shall give him
aid and assistance to extend the patent for that
element, so that he can, ifhe please, undermine,
by the operation of this extension, all the im-
proved patents which have been made all over
the country. He will hold them all in check;
and all the exertions and outlays which have
been made in all parts of the country for the
manufacture of them will be subject to his con-
trol. This is not, as the gentleman from Maine
says, because the patent has really any intrinsic
merit in itself; but by gelling it extended he can
put an extinguisher on everybody who improves
on the suggestion. I cannot see tile justice of
this.
There is another objection. A proclamation
has been made from the proper department that
this patent became public property. When that
is done, the whole community have a right to
make investments 011 that hypothesis, and they
do it. The more important the invention is the
more they make. Now, sir, where is the justice
(to say nothing of the constitutional power) to
divest their rights after the people have (lone
that? It was proclaimed in 1849 from the Patent
Office to this nation that this patent had become
| public property, and the public proceeded to act
accordingly The man had a hearing for an ex-
tension before the boaid. They had not extended
the patent, and of course the proclamation was
rightly issued. Now, where is the propriety in
depriving the people of the use and benefit of
these machines under the circumstances as we
now understand them? If you grant power to
the Commissioner now to make an extension
from that time for seven years, it will be out next
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is out now.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose the extension
should be granted as for the extension of a patent
for seven years. The time iias already gone by;
it has already expired. Then you cannot do that.
What are yougoingto do? \ oil propose to em-
power the" Commissioner to extend the patent
seven years from this time, thus making it four-
teen years from the first expiration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has not had the other
seven.
Mr. COLLAMER. But how is it to operate
Oil the people? Do gentlemen seriously and hon-
estly believe that there can bo any justice or
policy in beginning now to make a new era for
seven years? The public have had the use of it for
j seven years ; now you are going to take the use
! of it from them for seven years, and then they are
; to have if again. This seems to me to be a kind
, 1 of legislation, the most extravagant to be asked
fur in the state of the circumstances, which ne-
cessarily attend a patent of this kind. 1 cannot
" see the policy, or the justice, or the expediency
| of extending this patent.
b Mr. HALE. I did not intend to say a word
; about this subject; 1 shall not occupy more than
1 a moment or two. 1 have been a little surprised
!; at a position taken by so lejrned a judge as the
'' honorable Senator from Vermont; and if we were
; to follow him I think we should get into a wide
: field of error. He has assumed that the Senate
1 ought to do what this bill proposes—to submit to
the Commissioner of Patents  -
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; I assume nothing
| of that sort. . . _
: Mr. HALE. 1 have not heard the Senator n
' lan<nia£e. I am stating the force of his position.
f Mr. COLLAMER. I object to authorizing
! anybody to do it. _
' Mr. HALE. 1 am not stating the Senator s
1 language. I am illustrating his position, lie
I savs the effect of this bili will be to enable Mr.
1 McCormick to get a patent which was not origin-
i ally, and is not, patentable, and, therefore, will
J throw great obstructions in the way of those who
