1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July II,
have invested money. Now, sir, that is not a
question for the Senate to pass upon. The ques-
tion as to whether that is patentable or not, the
wisdom of Congress has devolved on the Com-
missioner "of Patents; and if we should refuse to
renew it, or to give Mr. McCormick an oppor-
tunity to go to the Commissioner of Patents, on
the ground assumed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, we should assume a jurisdiction that does
not belong to us, but which does belong to the
Commissioner of Patents. X will not occupy the
time of the Senate more than a moment; but it
seems to me that we have lost sight entirely of
the principles which ought to govern us. iThis
bill lias been treated, by those who oppose it, as
if it were an infringement of the rights of the j
public. j
The Constitution of the United States treats :
the invention of a man's brain as property. The i
thing which he creates with his hand is protected ;
by law, and protected forever; but because the in-
vention ofhis brain is not so readily kept under
his control as the work of his hand, the law conies
m to carry out the provision of the Constitution
which says that Congress shall have power to
secure toauthors and inventors the exclusive right
to their respective writings and discoveries for a
limited time, and says an inventor shall have the
right m all cases to a patent for fourteen years, and
in certain other cases for seven years in addition.
The Constitution of the United Stales looks upon
it as property, and property that is entitled to this
special protection, because it is not capable of that
general protection which the work of a man's hand
is. I take it, from the very lucid statement made
by the Senator from Maine, that Mr. McCormick
has not had that protection in the secondiiistanee
which the Constitution coat?mpiates that he might
have ; and all wo propose to do is simply to i;tve
him leave to go hack to the tribunals established
by the Constitution and the low to settle the qics-
tion. But the Senator from Vermont says that
we shall not go there, because the Senate is to settle
it in the first instance, and say it is not patentable.
In that way we assume jurisdiction which does
not belong to us. 1 believe that is the simple, fair,
constitutional, and legal statement of the case.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to coirect the Senator
from Mississippi in relation to a statement, in
which 1 think lie has don'Miie, at all events, great
injustice, ife has smd that tlv opposition to this
extension comes from the attorneys of other par- '
ties. -Now, sir, no attorney has come to mo what-
ever, and none has spoken to me on the j.ubjcct, 1
one way or the other. No human being had '
spoken to me when 1 objected to the passage of ,
the bill .it fust. Since the reconsideration, some ,
papers haw; been sent to me, to which 1 referred, !
being copies of documents which 1 understood J
were before the Hou^e committee. To this time !
the only attorney, to my knowledge, who has j
come to me, has been the attorney of MeCormi'*k ■
himself, who desired that I should make a mo- ,
uon to reconsider the bill, it having been rejected;
and I asked the Senator from North Carolina to j
make the motion. !
Mr. JjUOWN. X stated the fact that Mr. P. :
JI. Watson, to whom Mr. Gillet's letter, and Mr. ,
P. H- Watson, to whom Mr. Charles G. Page's !
letter won addressed, in the very papers from which !
my friend read, came to me, representing himself
as the attorney of parties.
Mr. PUGll. is not Mr. Burke one of Mr.
McCormick s counsel5
Mr. lillOWN. lie is not. He so assures me,
and Mi McCormick so assures me.
Mr. PlT(jfL-J. My statement is that no attor-
neys spoke to me.
Mr. IUIOWN. I did not say that.
Mr. PUG1I. I am aware of that; but it would
make that impression. 1 am perfectly satisfied
with the disclaimer. The objection which I make
to these patents is the same, which has been stated
ky the Senator from Tennessee. The great bulk
of my constituents are agriculturists, although
there are many enfxag< d in manufacturing, and
manufacturing machines of this very description.
They have a right, notwithstanding the assertion
of the Senator from New Hampshire, to the use
of this machine. They have stipulated that Con-
gress shall provide by law a monopoly to the
inventor for so many years; but the consideration
is their right to use the machine after the terra
has expired. It is a question between the body
of agriculturists in this country and Mr. McCor-
mick, asking that he shall have the right to him-
self to tax them for seven years from this date
for his emolument.
Now, how does he present himself? The case
was originally stated to be upon the ground that
Mr. McCormick's testimony was ruled out be-
cause it was informal, and therefore he should
have a new trial. That is what my friend from
Mississippi said when the question was up before.
It is what he asserted this morning. Now, how
does it turn out? The Senator from Maine ad-
mits that that is not the fact. The Senator from
Maine admits that the committee ascertained that
such was not the case at a former meeting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will take
my explanation. I was not present at the hear-
ing at this session of Congress upon this case,
though on the committee. I was absent. I do
not undertake, therefore, to contravene what they
say on the subject. I only say that when, as a
member of the committee, I examined it before,
and made the report upon it, I placed it on a dif-
ferent ground, which was perfectly satisfactory
to my mind.
Mr. PUGH. Did not the Senator say here
this morning, that he ascertained that there was j
no foundation for the pretense that Mr. McCor-
mick had not been ruled out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not satisfied that
that was the true reason; but I was satisfied that
the true reason  j
Mr. PUGH. I will come to the Senator's |
ground directly, I want to dispose of one at a [
time. Now, what is the evidence that Mr. McCor- |
mick's testimony was ruled out for informality? ;
Is it in the reconl? That is admitted not to be j
so. The record is otherwise. It is in the state- j
ment of Mr. Commissioner Burke. Well, who j
was Mr. Commissioner Burke? By his own!
statement, read last, he was one who did not
agree to the decision. There were three mem-
bers of the board. Two of them made the decis-
ion—Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Gillet. They were :
the majority. Mr. Burke dissented; and yet his
exposition of the reasons of the majority is to be
received in preference to the statement of one of I
the majority himself! Now, 1 do not care where j
this case is'put. It is out of the question for Mr.
Kurke to be admitted to interpret this decision,
for lie agrees that he dissented from it. There
were two other members, and one of them, Mr.
Gillet, has said he made his decision on no such
grounds. Now, we have an end of that.
Mr. McCormick's case was not decided on any (
technicality, it was not decided on any infor-
mality in the taking ofhis evidence. Ihen on
whatr' The Senator from Maine says it was
decided on an immaterial issue. Let us see if
that be tiue. What was the issue? I stated
before, that, at the time this patent was granted,
there was no previous examination of the question
of the originality of the invention; there is now.
If Mr. McCormick were to apply now, he would
have to pass? the ordeal of the examiners in the
Patent Office; but at the time when he obtained
this patent he passed no such ordeal. He simply
filed his own specification, and his own affidavit,
and received his patent. He had it for fourteen
years. Then he applied for a renewal. What
was then to be decided? First, the question
whether he was entitled to the original patent;
second, if he was entitled to it, hud he been suffi-
ciently compensated3 What did the board ascer-
tain ? It went to the examiner of patents, and
what does he say? He reports that every mate-
rial feature of this reaping machine was known
before Air. McCormick's patent, so that, if it had
been a new application, it would have been en-
tirely rejected. The board never got to the ques-
tion of compensation. They found that this man
had got a patent which he could not have received
but for the peculiar reason that the law gave it to
him on his own affidavit. The law is now altered.
It was altered two years afterwards, in 1836.
Two members of the board then decided against
it, though they may have erred. I am sure I do
not know whether Mr. McCormick was the in-
ventor or not. I express no opinion on that ques-
tion; but this I do say, that the question was
material; it was in issue; it was heard upon com-
petent evidence; it was decided; and now, after
a man has had his day in court, and has had all
his witnesses, and has had his case decided by a
competent and disinterested tribunal, are we,
seven years afterwards, to review that decision ?
Wherefore?
Why, it is said, Mr. McCormick has attracted
the attention of the civilized world for the exhi-
bition of his machine in Europe. If the Senate is
satisfied that he was the original inventor, and that
it is essential to our credit and standing among
the nations of the world that Mr. McCormick
should be compensated, bring in a bill to give him
the money out of the Treasury; give it to him aa
you have given itto Commodore Perry and others;
but do not levy a tax on the agriculturists of the
United States.
Then it is said this is not a bill to renew a pat-
ent. It is substantially a bill to renew the patent.
It is a proposition to do it seven years later, when,
as the Senator from Vermont has well said, the
renewed patent, if granted, would have expired.
Seven years after it has been in public use, after
thousands of people have invested their money in
manufactories of this very machine, after thou-
sands of people have purchased the machine and
have it now in use, it a proposition to take it
away from the public, and make it a elo^e mo-
nopoly. Wiio are interested in opposing it? The
great body of the people, who generally do not
send anybody to watch Congress, or watch the
Patent Office. What has become of all the testi-
mony which was heard, and of the persons who
might then have been interested to oppose it ? It
is like any other case. It was decided, and de-
cided at the right time. The presumption is that
the other parties have gone away and taken their
witnesses with them, or cannot gettheir witnesses
again.
Then the Senator from Maine does not know
why this gentleman wants the original patent
renewed. I can tell him—at least I can imagine.
The original machine, we are told, was a failure—
an utter failure. It was of no value until two
improvements were put upon it, which were pat-
ented afterwards, and the patents for which have
not yet expired; but if Mr. McCormick can only
protect this original failure from the improve-
ments of anybody else, he has put a stop to the
whole inventive genius of the country for seven
years. This machine, which was a failure in
his case, in his hands, has amounted to something
since he has improved it; and m the hands of
others who have put improvements on it, it has
amounted to something. But Mr. McCormick
: wants to go back to the foundation, and take it
' away from them and from everybody else. It
seems to me that is not necessary. This morn-
ing I moved to recommit the bill in the hope
that the committee would give it a reexamina-
tion; but as gentlemen of the committee say they
have their minds made up, 1 withdraw my mo-
tion, and feel bound, as I have stated heretofore,
under my convictions of what is due to my con-
stituents, to vote against this bill, and to vote
against the others of a similar character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inform the Sena-
tor from Ohio that I do not think it would be of
the slightest use to send the bill back to the com-
'! mittee. It would be better to settle it here, in-
;j stead of sending it there. But, sir, I have a word
[i to say to my friend from Vermont, who takes
11 great exception to the proposition advanced by
|j me that the question on which the case was de-
ll cided by the board, was an immaterial issue.
!| Notwithstanding his argument, I repeat it was
not an issue appropriately before the board. By
!■ the terms of the act, the board had no right to
investigate the question whether the original pat-
:1 cut could be issued, and, m that lespect, the Sen-
i; at or from Ohio is mistaken. I have the act before
me, and I will read it. There was but one ques-
tion submitted to them by the act of July 4,183G,
which they had a right to consider. The eigh-
teenth section of that act provides:
"And the Secretary ot State, the Commissioner of the
Patent Office, and the SoJicitoi of the Treasury, shall con-
stitute aboard to bear and decide upon the evidence pro-
duced before them, both for and against the extension, and
hhali set for tfiat purpo.se at the tunc and place designated
in the published notice theieof. The patentee shall fur-
nish to said board a statement, in writing, under oath, of
the ascertained value of the invention, and of his receipts
and expenditures, sufficiently m detail to exhibit a true and
laithfiil account of lose* and piofit in any manner acctuiu^
to him fiom, and by reason of, snd invention. And if,
upon a hearing ot the' inattei, it shall appear to the full and
enure satisfaction of said boaid, having due regard to the
public interest therein, that it is just and proper that the
term of the patent should be extended, by raa*on of the
