1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1607
patentee, without neglcct or fault on his part, having failed
to obtain, tiom the Ur^e and sale of h:« invention, a iea«on-
ahl<' remuneration lor the time, ingenuity, and expense be-
stowed upon the same, and the introduction thereof into
use. it shall be the duty of the comrni^ioner to renew and
extend the patent, by making a certificate thereon of such
extension, for the term of seven years from and after the
expiration of the first term."
Mr. PIJGH. I think that clearly covers the
case, as put by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, as I rend the
law, there was but one question submitted to the
board. Whether a person is entitled to a patent,
is settled on his first application. If settled in
his favor, he gets the patent for fourteen years.
Then, instead of subjecting Congress to the diffi-
culty of examining into the question anew, the
law of 1836 provides that, at the expiration of the
fourteen years, the patentee may make his appli-
cation for an extension for seven years, which is
to be decidcd by the Commissioner? and a board
was created to examine and determine, on his 1
statement under oath, and such other testimony j
as might be admitted, the point whether ho has >
been remunerated for his invention. If they ;
find that he has not been remunerated, it is made ,
the duty of the Commissioner to extend the patent |
for seven years. As I read the law, that is the |
only question left to them. I do not suppose they j
are at liberty to go into the consideration of the ■
question whether he was the original inventor or j
not. That was settled by the Patent Office in the
first place. It is a question with which this board
had nothing at all to do, in my judgment; and 1
apprehend my friend from Vermont will find it
very difficult to make anything else appear.
ThcSenatorfrom Ohio,however,has suggested
thai it is too late now, because the witnesses
cannot be examined. Tin: testimony was ait m
writing. It was preserved m writing, as the law
required. It was before the committee, and the
Senator from Ohio can have the opportunity of
examining all the testimony taken before that
tribunal, on which they formed their decision.
There is no such thing as losing the testimony.
It is all theie. It is made matter of record, and
the record has been returned here.
Now, sir, it has been argued that it is very
unjust to the community to grant this extension
at the end of sevui or eight yrars. You should
consider what is justice to both sides. Mr. Mc-
Comuck,at the next .session after his application
was rejected, came to Congressto do him justice,
and the matter has been before Congress from
that day to the present time. He has been guilty
of no neglect. He asked for an extension from
the expiration of his fourteen years' patent.
Congress has neglected to do it, although three
reports have been made in his favor. Now, my
friend from Vermont comes forward "with the
argument that it would be very unjust to grantan
extension beginning atthistime. Sir. if there is
any injustice, it arises from the neglect of Con-
gress to do justice to Mr. McCormick. When
you are considering what justice may drmand for
one set of persons, it is as -well to consider what
justice demands for another set of persons, or
even for an individual, if he has not slept on his
rights.
I do not, then, feel bound by the argument that
the agricultural community are greatly interested
in this matter, because, if Mr. MeCormick be
really the author and inventor of this machine,
the agricultural community would hove received
no benefit from it, but for his skill and ability ex-
ercised on it in the first place. It is not for the
community to say he shall not receive proper re-
muneration because their interests will be so much
affected, if he has been guilty of no neglect on
his part.
As to the other argument which has been used
I am not prepared to animadvert upon it. If Mr.
McCormick has received remuneration, that will
bo considered under the bill. The bill is so framed,
} believe, that the original question may now be
examined whether he really was the inventor or
not. If it is not so framed, I have no objection
to its being amended in that particular, for 1 am
willing to have that question examined. If it is
true that the original invention was valueless, and
that the design and effect will be to prevent any
benefit being received by others who have made
valuable improvements on what was originally
valueless in itself, that is an argument whieh I
do not choose to attempt to answer, because
really I have not the slightest feeling in favor of
Mr. McCormick about this matter. I have
deemed it proper to state the facts, as I under-
stand them, distinctly, and if I am wrong I shall
be most happy to be corrected.
Mr. McCormick made application at the proper
time for a renewal. He furnished proof as to his
receipts under the original patent. The answer
made to him was, " Why, sir, you have received
a great deal of money under your improvements."
He replied: that " hasnothingto do with the ques-
tion; I received nothing for my original patent in
the way of remuneration, and that is what I now
ask you to extend, so that I may receivc some
remuneration." The reply to him was not that
he had been remunerated, but an original examin-
ation of the question whether he was entitled to
receive his patent fourteen years before a—ques-
tion, as I understand, which the board had no
authority to examine under the law which I have
read, i may. however, be in error on this point.
Th^ ingenuity and ability of my friend from Ver-
mont may convince me and the Senate that such
a power does exist, but I have been unable to
discover it.
Mr. CuLLAMER. Certainly, the argument,
as now presented by the Senator from Maine,
is entiiely different from that which he made
when he was first up. lie says the boa* d before
whom the application was made to extend the
patent ,reall v traveled out of their duty, and had no
business to do anything but ascertain whether the
man nntcie anything on his original patent. They
sav : ''You have invented some improvements on
that, and made money on those improvements."
"That has nothing to'do with the case," says he.
Why? If he did not make anything und^r his
original patent, I should like to know when he
ever will' Ho never can. It was not a thing
thnt could work alone. Was he paid on his im-
provements 3 He was told that he had made, say
cj00,000, for selling rights and machines. But
he answers that he made all this on the improve-
ment part. That would have been a strange
thing! A pretty account that would have been
to take!
The gentleman thinks the board traveled out of
their duty in going into anything except the sim-
ple question whether he made money by that
patent. Clearly, the whole section which he lead,
providing for giving notice to the community to
come in and make their objection^, requiring thf 
board to judge with a view to the public interest,
and m many other respects, gives the board full
power over the whole matter.
This man had a patent which he took out under
the old law, before 183G, when he could get a
patent m the very form of his model and the
words of his specification. It war so useless that
he could not make a dollar by it; and yet we are
now told that isavury srood reason whv it should
have been renewed. The case was before the
board of commissioners, and according to the
doctrine of the Senator from Maine, the board
were to inquire, not whether he made any im-
provement, but whether ho made money; and if
it wa< so bad that he could not make any, they
must renew it. The more he tried that old pat-
ent, the more he lost by jt: but, according to this
doctrine, he would be entitled to have a renewal
and extension for that reason. It is to me per-
fectly preposterous. The less ho is entitled to a
patent, the more he is entitled to an extension.
That is the doctrine. I do not think it is neces-
sary to argue that. I do not know whether my
friend will be satisfied with this.
Mr. FESSEXDEX No, sir, I am not.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is unnecessary to read
the scction; but it is evident that the board are to
take the whole case into consideration, and con-
sider the public concernment as well as the private
interest. But the idea that they are tied down to
renew it airam where a man has not made money
by it, for the reason that lie had nothing on which
to make it. is so gross and palpable that I need
not take further time with it.
Mr. BROWN. I have only a word to say. I
spoke this morning of these papers being gotten
up by attorneys. The reason I said so was, that
Mr. "Watson, who seems to be the getter-up of
these papers whieh have figured here to-day,
came to me as a member of the committee in t.ne
case, to allow him to look at the^ papers. Of
course my first question was, ""Who are you;
and why do you desire to examine the papers ?"
| Said he, <f I am the attorney of parties holding
interests adverse to those of McCormick.'*5 For
this reason I knew he was an attorney.
He examined the papers by my permission,
and that of the committee; ana as I understood
from him, we were to have the benefit of the re-
sult of his examinations. Instead of sending
these letters to the committee for investigation,
they are printed on private account, and the first
we hear of them is their figuring in the case this
morning. If it were intended to have those papers
treated fairly, why were they not sent as part
of the case to the committee that they might have
a fair chance of investigating and seeing the real
! facts ? I was therefore right when I stated that
I these papers, which produce such disturbing in-
fluences on this case, had been gotten up by feed
attorneys, kept from the committee having charge
of the investigation of the case, and did not figure
at all until the ease is for action before the Senate,
I knew what 1 was talking about.
Mr. PUGH. I moved to recommit the bill for
| the veiy reason that the committee might see
them.
Mr. BROWN. If it was intended that we
should sec them, they would have been sent to
us before the session was drawing to a close. I
took the ground this morning that this was a,
move for delay. My friend from Ohio is com-
plaining that this man is here seven years after
the patent expired, and asking for an extension.
Why is he here after the lapse of seven years?
Because of these perpetual devices for delay.
Now, if this movement can succeed—if, by keep-
ing the evidence away from the committee, the
case can be postponed for another session, that
will add another year, and next year we shall be
' told that eight years have passed, then nine, and
j ten, and so on to twenty years; this manpressmg-
! the claim all the time, and being defeated at every
| point by feed attorneys. I do not pretend to say
] that members of the Senate, or any gentleman
■ here, have, been improperly influenced by these
j men. I do not believe they are; but I say these
| men are feed to defeat the passage of this bill,
j If they had acted fairly they would have sent
these papers to the committee, where they prop-
erly belonged,for fair investigation. Now, as to
the testimony of Mr. Page, read by my friend
from Vermont. Mr. Page says;
'• l have no ica«on whatever for changing my opinion,
expressed officially to the Commissioner when McCor-
mick V npplientiouYur an extension was pending before the
! board, tliat be was not the original and first inventor of any
! maternal or lmpoitant part of the machine described in the
i patent of 1834. On the contrary, I have abundant reason
i tui IHieving that opinion to be correct, and that it does
• Mi- MeCoimick no injustice, even if the patent of Hussey
I w.i« left oat of the question,, and reference had solely to
j these of pjevjous date."
That is his opinion, doubtless; but what does
| Mr. Burke say, who was'the Patent Coxnmis-
I sioncr, and whose duty it was to look into these
I things and understand them. He says:
j " That in those particulars which the examiner, Dr. Page,
i found to be covered by both patents, the testimony before
! the bo-ird oi'e\t<'n**inu clearly proved that priority ofinven-
j tiou was w ah McPonmck. ft was upon this point that the
' ho.irdpeuiiiTteil him to take testimony; and the testimony
! taken m confoinntv with this permission established the
I fact o<" prioiity in hi* favor. And I am quite confident
' th.it Mr. . in his written argument presented to the
■ board, ndnntrf that McOortnick's invention of the parts in
l conflict between them were first invented by McCormick.
Tbeiefoie, as between Hussey and McCormick, the latter
i was the first inventor of some of the essential parts of the
! reaper."
Now, who is right, Pa^e or Burke? I do not
know which is right. Mr. Burke was Commis-
sioner, and Page was examiner. They differ as
to the priority of discovery. I do not ask the
Senate to determine it, but to send the case back
for reexamination.
Mr. HUNTER. I came up this morning to
hear the arguments in this case with rather a
desire to vote for the petitioner. I believe that
the country is indebted to him. He certainly
has illustrated the American reputation for invent-
ive genius in the useful arts abroad, and I should
have been very glad if I could have felt myself
authorized to vote for anything which would en- %
able him to derive more benefit from the inven-
tion than he seems to have done already.
I never have voted for an extension of a patens
by Congress. I believe that in general it is im-
proper to do so. We have provided that he may
I go before the Commissioner for the purpose of
