1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
promised that he would ask Congress to ap-
propriate tins money lor him. It was never
done. General St. Clair became poor. He kept
a little tavern on the road side, as stated by
Mr. Whittlesey in his letter, who stayed over
muht with him. We have proposed to give him
that money, with something like a reasonable
amount of interest. The total amount would, I
believe, be much more if we were to pay the full
amount of his claim; but rather thaw encounter
the opposition which might be cxpectcd to a very
laige claim, those who are entitled are willing to
receive this sum.
Mr. ADAMS. What is the amount?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Thirty thousand dollars
is the amount agreed on by the claimants. I be-
lieve that if his heirs had what was justly due
them, they would have twice the amount. Such
was the opinion of the committee, and will be the
opinion of those who investigate the case. The
report of the committee and letter of Mr. Whit-
tlesey can be read, if desired.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
Mr. HUNTER,. I would suggest to the chair-
man that it is unusual to allow interest.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We do not allow it as
interest. General St. Clair's property was sac-
rificed in consequence of his becoming personally
liable for this debt. His entire estate was sold,
and we have endeavored to reimburse his heirs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARTIN FENWICK.
The bill (S. No. 320) for the relief of Martin
Fenwiek was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to confirm to him aprivato land claim of five hun-
dred arpens of land in Missouri.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETER PARKER.
The bill (PL No. .331) for the relief nf Peter
Parker was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
it directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Peter Parker, late acting charge d'affaires of
the United States at Canton, China, the sum of
$2,610 04, being the difference between the salary
icceived by him as secretary of legation and
Chinese interpreter, from the :26th of May, 1852,
to the 31st of January, 1853; from the 27th of
Janunry to the 34th of April, 1854; and from the
0th of December, 1854, to the 4th of May, 1855,
and the salary of a charge d'affaires for the same
period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, rend the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 11, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournol of yesterday was rea d and approved.
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was the consideration of the resolutions,
reported by the select committee to investigate
the alleged assault upon Senator Sumner by Mr.
Brooks.
On this question the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Allison] was entitled to the floor.
KANSAS INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE 
MINORITY REPORT.
Mr. OLIVER. I rise to a privileged question.
I ask leave to submit this morning the minority
report of the Kansas investigating committee,
and to have it printed under the previous order
of the House, without having it read; as it is
lengthy, and would consume much of the im-
portant time of the House.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
given at a previous session of the House, the
report will be received and printed with the ma-
jority report.
Is not this a day devoted
Mr. GIDDINGS.
to private business?
The SPEAKER. It is; but that business is
overridden by a question of privilege,
j MESSAGE rtlOM THE SENATE,
j A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Aseury Dicions, its Secretary, informing
■ the House that the Senate had passed a bill (H.
; II. No. 71) making appropriations for the current
I and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
j ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
| the various tribes of Indians, for the year ending
i June 30, 1857, with amendments, in which he
| was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
I INTRODUCTION OF BILLS, ETC.
i Mr. GIDDINGS, by unanimous consent, re-
; ported back from the Committee of Claims, a bill
j from the Court of Claims for the relief of Joseph
! White; which was referred to a Committee of
| the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
; Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the unanimous con-
! sent of the House to repoit back a private bill of
1 the Senate from the Committee of Claims. •
, Mr. WHEELER. I object, and call for the ]
| regular order of business. |
j Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask the gentleman !
! from Ohio, if the bills he proposes to report are '
1 from the Court of Claims? If they are, I think 1
it is in order for him to report, notwithstanding .
the objection. The House ordered the Committee i
i of Claims to report on Friday mornings. I
1 Mr. GIDDINGS. I have made a report of a |
! bill from the Court of Claims, and mw only dc- 1
sire to report back Senate bills for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. WHEELER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. GIDDINGS, then, from the Committee
j of Claims, reported back the following Senate
1 bills; which were referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for j
to-morrow, and ordeied to be printed:
An act (No. 182) for the relief of John Tuckcr;
An act (No. '205) for the relief of Peter Grover;
An art (No.280) for the relief of Anthony Ran-
kin, of Tennessee;
An act (No. 1G9) for the relief of Josiah S.
Little;
An act (No. 289) for the relief of the heirs of!
Jabez P. Hooker, deceased;
An act (No.29G) for the relief of Sally T. Mat-
thews;
An act (No. 299) for the relief of John M. Mc-
intosh; and
An act (No. 136) for the relief of Isaac Cook
and others.
Mr. CUMBACK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Oscar Piter, praying for
compensation for property destioyed in, and dam-
aged by, the bombardment of Greytown; which
was referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. Ii. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved. That theCleik of tin* House lie directed to
call upon the cleik of the Comt o? Claim-' to i"turn to this
JJouse the papiTMii tin cmm. ut James Thompson, surviv-
ing partner of C. M- Stiador & Co.. of Louu-Mlk', Ken-
tucky, rcleried to the Couit of Claims by resolution of
March —, 18.~>5;and that said papers be rcleired to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I On motion of Mr. KNOWLTON, it was
; Oidered, That the papers in the ease of John H. Piatt be
i withdrawn trorn the files of the House, and referred to
1 the Court of Claims.
! Mr. KNOWLTON, from the Committee of
! Claims, by unanimous consent, reported a bill for
' the reliefof Moses Nobln; which was rend a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
i Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
■ morrow, and ordered to be printed.
! Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, by unant-
1 mous consent, introduced a bill for the* relief of
• Simon Myers & Co.; which was read a first and
■ second time, and referred to the Committee on
| the Judiciary.
; Mr. B. also, from the Committee for the Dis-
: trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill (No.
160) to incorporate an insurance company in the
city of Washington; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
back a bill regulating the municipal elections in
the city of ashington; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BISHOP, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the sureties of
Daniel Winslow; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph C. G. Ken-
nedy; which received a like disposition.
Mr. B. also,from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 222) for the relief of Abra-
ham Kentzing; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a resolution instructing the Committee on
Printing to inquire into the expediency of print-
ing extra copies of the majority and minority
reports of the select committee on the Kansas
question; which, under the rule, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to divide the State of Missouri
into two judicial districts; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAMRELL, from the Committee on En-
graving, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving andthey
are hereby, authorized and directed to cause" to be Iitho-
giaphed and printed the maps accompanying the letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting a copy of Major Linda-
ley's report on the timber and mineral resources of the
Beep River country, in North Carolina.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know what will
be the cost of lithographing these maps?
Mr. DAMRELL. One hundred and nine dol-
lars.
Mr. McMULLIN. If that is all, I will not
object.
The resolution was then adopted.
On motion of Mr. KNOX, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
di-chfugod from the Author coiw-adorauon of a bill (II. R.
No. .>3) granting land m alternate sections to the State of
Arkansas to aid m the construction of the Mississippi,
Ouachita, and Red River rnjlroad, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROOM. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to intro-
duce a bill relating to the transportation of the
mail between the United States and Europe, of
which previous notice has been given, in order
that it may be referred to a select committee of
five.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object*
Mr. BROOM. Previous notice has been given
of intention to introduce the bill, and I would in-
quire whether the gentleman can object?
The SPEA KER. The bill can be received only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I only object to the bill,
because it is moved to refer "it to'a select commit-
tee. We have already enough of those com-
mittees.
Mr. BROOM. I withdraw that portion of my
proposition, and ask that the bill be introduced
and referred to the Committee on the Post Officc
and Post Roads.
No objection being made, the bill was intro-
duced, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
hope that 1 shall have the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to submit a resolution to
change the hour of daily meeting hereafter from
twelve o'clock to eleven o'clock, a. in.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to call for the regular order of busi-
ness, which is to-day, I believe, the business on
the Private Calendar. If that be the regular
order of business, I hope he will adhere to it.
Let us have the regular order of business, what-
ever it is.
Mr. NORTON, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
confirming'the selection of swamp lands made
under the act of Congress approved September
