1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
is a secondary matter, but because it is in effect
the recognition of the right of Denmark to treat
one of the great maritime highways of nations
r.3 a close sea, and the navigation of it as a priv-
ilege for which tribute may be imposed upon those
who have occasion to use it.
This Government, on a former occasion, not
unlike the present, signalized its determination
to maintain the freedom of the seas and of the
treat natural channels of navigation. The Bar-
ary States had, for a long time, coerced the pay-
ment of tribute from all nations whose ships fre-
quented the Mediterranean. To the last demand
of such payment made by them, the United States,
although suffering less by their depredations than
many other nations, returned the explicit answer,
that we preferred war to tribute, and thus opened
the way to the relief of the commerce of the world
from an ignominious tax, so long submitted to
by the more powerful nations of Europe.
If the manner of payment of the Sound dues
differ from that of the tribute formerly conceded
to the Barbary States, still their exaction- by Den-
mark has no better foundation in right. Each
was, in its origin, nothing but a tax on a common
natural right, extorted by those who were at
that time able to obstruct the free and secure
enjoyment of it, but who up longer possess that
power.
Denmark, while resisting our assertion of the
freedom of the Baltic Sound and Belts, has indi-
cated a readiness to make some new arrangement
on the subject, and has invited the Governments
interested, including the United States, to be rep-
resented in a convention to assemble for the pur-
pose of receiving and considering a proposition,
which she intends to submit, for the capitaliza-
tion of the Sound dues, and the distribution of
the sum to be paid as commutation among the
Governments, according to the respective propor-
tions of their maritime commerce to and from the
Baltic. I have declined in behalf of the United
States to accept this invitation, for the most
cogent reasons. One is, that Denmark does not
offer to submit to the convention the question of
her right to levy the Sound dues. A second is,
that, if the convention were allowed to take cog-
nizance of that particular question, still it would
not be competent to deal with the great interna-
tional principle involved which affects the right
in other cases of navigation and commercial free-
dom,as well as that of access to the Baltic. Above
all, by the express terms of the proposition it is
contemplated, that the consideration of the Sound
dues shall be commingled with, and made subor-
dinate to, a matter wholly extraneous, the balance
of power among the Governments of Europe.
While, however, rejecting this proposition,
and insisting on the right of free transit into and
from the Baltic, I have expressed to Denmark a
willingness, on the part of the United States, to
share liberally with other Powers in compensating
her for any advantages which commerce shall
hereafter derive from expenditures made by her
for the improvement and safety of the navigation
of the Sound or Belts.
I lay before you, herewith, sundry documents
on the subject, in which my views are more fully
disclosed. Should no satisfactory arrangement
be soon concluded, I shall again call your atten-
tion to the subject, with recommendation of such
measures as may appear to be required in order
to assert and secure the rights of the United
States, so far as they are affected by the preten-
sions of Denmark.
I announce with much gratification that, since
the adjournment of the last Congress, the ques-
tion then existing between this Government and
that of France, respecting the French consul at
San Francisco, has been satisfactorily determined,
and that the relations of the two Governments
continue to be of the most friendly nature.
A question, also, whicli has been pending for
several years between the United States and the
Kingdom of Greece, growing1 out of the seques-
tration, by public authorities of that country, of
property belonging to the present American con-
sul at Athens, and which had been the subject of
very earnest discussion heretofore, has recently
been settled to the satisfaction of the party inter-
ested and of both Governments.
With Spain, peaceful relations are still main-
tained, and some progress has been made in
I securing the redress of wrongs complained of by
! this Government. Spain has not only disavowed
| and disapproved the conduct of the officers who
! illegally seized and detained the steamer Black
Warrior at Havana, but has also paid the sum
claimed as indemnity for the loss thereby inflicted
on citizens of the United States.
In consequence of a destructive hurricane
which visited Cuba in 1844, the supreme authority
of that island issued a decree, permitting the im-
portation, for the period of six months, of certain
building materials and provisions, free of duty,
but revoked it when about half the. period only \
had elapsed, to the injury of citizens of the United
States who had proceeded to act on the faith of ;
that decree. The Spanish Government refused
indemnification to tne parties aggrieved until
recently, when it was assented to, payment being
promised to be made so soon as the amount due
can be ascertained.
Satisfaction claimed for' the arrest and search
of the steamer El Dorado has not yet been ac-
corded, but there is reason to believe that it will
be, and that case, with others, continues to be
urged on the attention of the Spanish Govern-
ment. I do not abandon the hope of concluding
with Spain some general arrangement, which, if
it do not wholly prevent the recurrence of diffi-
culties in Cuba, will render them less frequent,
and, whenever they shall occur, facilitate their
more speedy settlement.
The interposition of this Government has been
invoked by many of its citizens, on account of
injuries done to their persons and property, for
which the Mexican Republic is responsible.
The unhappy situation of that country, for some
time paBt, has not allowed its Government to
give aue consideration to claims of private repar-
ation, and has appeared to call for and justify
some forbearance in such matters on the part of
this Government. But, if the revolutionary
movements which have lately occurred in that
Republic end in the organization of a stable Gov-
ernment urgent appeals to its justice will then be
made, and, it may be hoped, with success, for
the redress of all complaints of our citizens.
In regard to the American Republics, which,
from their proximity and other considerations,
have peculiar relations to this Government, while
it has been my constant aim strictly to observe ,,
all the obligations of political friendship and of :
good neighborhood, obstacles to this have arisen
in some of them, from their own insufficient
-power to check lawless irruptions, which in effect
throws most of the task on the United States.
Thus it is that the distracted internal condition of
the State of Nicaragua has made it incumbent
on me to appeal to the good faith of our citizens
to abstain from unlawful intervention in its
affairs, and to adopt preventive measures to the
same end, which, on a similar occasion, had the
best results in reassuring the peace of the Mexi-
can States of Sonoraand Lower California.
Since the last session of Congress a treaty of
-amity, commerce, and navigation, and for the
surrender of fugitive criminals, with the Kingdom
of the Two Sicilies; a treaty of friendship, com-
merce, and navigation, with Nicaragua, and a
convention of commercial reciprocity with the
-Hawaiian kingdom, have been negotiated. The
latter kingdom and the State of Nicaragua have
also acceded to a declaration, recognizing as in-
ternational rights the principles contained in the
convention between the United States and Russia,
of the 22d of July, 1854. These treaties and con-
ventions will be laid before the Senate for ratifi-
cation.
The statements made in my last annual-message
respecting the anticipated receipts and expendi-
tures of the Treasury have been substantially
verified.
It appears, from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, that the receipts during the last
fiscal year ending June 30,1855, from all sources,
■torere $65,003,930; and that the public expendi-
tures for the same period, exclusive of payments
cn account of the public debt, amounted to
$56,365,393. During the same period, the pay-
: ments made in redemption of the public debt,
j including interest and premium, amounted to
I $9,844,528.
The balance in the Treasury, at the beginning
of the present fiscal year, July 1, 1855, was
#18,931,976; the receipts for the first quarter, and
the estimated receipts for the remaining three
quarters, amount, together, to $67,918,734; thus
affording in all, as the available resources of the
current fiscal year, the sum of $86,856,710.
If to the actual expenditures of the first quar-
ter of the current fiscal year be added the prob-
able expenditures for the remaining three quar-
ters, as estimated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the sum total will be $71,226,846, thereby
leaving an estimated balance in the Treasury on
July 1, 1856, of $15,623,863 41.
In the above estimated expenditures of the
present fiscal year, are included $3,000,000 to
meet the last installment of the $10,000,000 pro-
vided for in the late treaty with Mexico, and
57,750,000 appropriated on account of the debt
tie to Texas, which two sums make an aggre-
gate amount of $10,750,000, and reduce the ex-
penditures, actual or estimated, for ordinary ob-
i jects of the year, to the sum of $60,476,000.
1 The amount of the public debt at the commence-
ment of the present fiscal year was $40,583,631,
and, deduction being made of subsequent pay-
ments, the whole public debt of the Federal
Government remaining at this time is less than
$40,000,000.
The remnant of certain other Government
stocks, amounting to $243,000, referred to in my
last message as outstanding, has since been paid.
I am fully persuaded that it would be difficult
to devise a system superior to that by which the
fiscal business of the Government is now ?on-
ducted. Notwithstanding the great number of
public agents of collection and disbursement, it is
believed that the checks and guards provided, in-
cluding the requirement of monthly returns, ren-
der it scarcely possible for any considerable fraud
on the part of those agents, or neglect involving
hazard of serious public loss, to escape detection.
I renew, however, the recommendation, hereto-
fore made by me, of the enactment of a law de-
claring it felony on the part of public officers
to insert false entries in their books of record or
'account, or to make felse returns, and also re-
quiring them on the termination of their service
to deliver to their successors all books, records,
and other objects of a public nature in their cus-
tody.
Derived as our public revenue is, in chief part,
from duties on imports, its magnitude affords
gratifying evidence of the prosperity, not only
of our commerce, but of the other great interests
upon which that depends.
The principle that all moneys not required for
the current expenses of the Government should
remain for active employment in the hands of
people, and the conspictfbus fact that the annual
revenue from all sources exceeds, by many
millions of dollars, the amount needed for a
prudent and economical administration of public
affairs, cannot fail to suggest the propriety of an
early revision and reduction of the tariff of duties
on imports. It is now so generally conceded that
the purpose of revenue alone can justify the im-
position of duties on imports, that, in readjusting
the impost tables and schedules, which unques-
tionably require essential modifications, a de-
parture from the principles of the present tariff
is not anticipated.
The Army, during the past year, has been ac-
tively engaged in defending the Indian frontier,
the state of the service permitting but few and
small garrisons in our permanent fortifications.
The additional regiments authorized at the last
session of Congress have been recruited wnd or-
ganized, and a large portion of the troops have
already been sent to the field. AH the duties
which devolve on the military establishment have
been satisfactorily performed, and the dangers
and privations incident to the character of the
service required of our troops have furnished
additional evidence of their courage, zeal, and
capacity to meet any requisition which their
country may make upon them. For the details
of the military operations, the distribution of
the troops, and additional provisions required for
the military service, I refer to the report of the
Secretary of War and the accompanying docu-
ments.
