u
fP; Qm11".
December 10,
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 10, 1855;
Hons. John B. Thompson, and .Thomas J.
Rtjsk appeared in their seats this morning.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Re?. Henry C. Dean.
TheJournal ofSaturday wasread and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
On the motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
ResolvedThat the select committee on the subject of
the Pacific railroad, appointed at the last Congress, be
continued during tie present session,, except where vacan-
cies .have occurred by the retirement of any member; and
that the President of the Senate have power to fill such
vacancies.,
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. YULEE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave tfi introduce a bill to grant to the State
of Florida a limited right of preemption, to the
public lands in the vicinity of the lines of rail-
road included in the system of improvements
adopted by that State.
Mr. BAYARD g ave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
public printing,, engraving, and binding.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by him on the 5th instant:
Reaobsetl, That the Senate will, on Monday next, at one
o'clock, elect a Secretary, Sergennt-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, and Assistant Doorkeeper.
Mr. BAYARD. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of that resolution. I think the general
course of the Senate has Been to elect their officers
whenever they saw occasion to make a change,
and not to go into a regular system of biennial
elections, when no change is required. I move
that the further consideration of the resolution
be postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to &sk the attention
of the Senate for a moment to a question respect-
ing the proper disposition of private claims. At
the last sitting of the Senate, I moved, for Mr.
William Brown, that the papers in regard to his
claim, on which there had been no adverse report
made, should be returned to him, as it was liis
desire to submit the subject to the Court of
Claims, t supposed that the order was so en-
tered, and that the papers were returned to him;
but I find 011 hearing the Journal read, that the
order was entered that they be referred to the
Court of Claims. I do not know whether that
order was not so entered in accordance with some
general understanding of the Senate that papers
of claimants, on which no adverse report has
been made, ought not to be returned to' the care
of the claimants themselves, but ought to be di-
rectly sent to the Court of Claims. If there be
sucli an understanding, the propriety of which I
might well agree to, I have nothing to say; other-
wise I would ask that the Journal be corrected,
and that the order be made according to the mo-
tion as submitted. I see no reason why the papers
should not bo delivered to him in his case, there
having been^ no adverse report, and his object
being a legitimate one, to perfect the papeHlfc with
new testimony before the case goes before the
court.
Mr. BRODHEAD addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary is under
the impression that he understood the motion at
the time to be as he has entered it. The Chair
understood the motion to- be as the Senator states
it, to allow the claimant to withdraw the papers,
so that he might present them to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. It is an important question,
and I should be glad to hear my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, if lie has any suggestions to
make in regard to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think we adopted a
general order on this subject the other morning.
At any rate a resolution in regard to it was then
presented. I ask for the reading of that resolu-
tion, and I think my friend from New York will
observe that it covers this case.
.The PRESIDENT. The resolution referred
to by the Senator from Pennsylvania has not yet
been adopted by the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Chair is correct; it
lies oyer for consideration. I think we had better
take it up.
Mr. SEWARD. I will waive the question
which I raised until that resolution be taicen up.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from New York, whether it will
not be advisable to postpone any action on these
questions until our committees are organized. I
have an impression that it will be found, on an
inspection of the law as it was passed, that cer-
tain claims are, by the law itself, referred to the
court, and certain others may be referred to it by
the Senate. I speak from recollection only, but
I think this will be found to be the provision of
the. law. My suggestion is this: that if we post-
pone the consideration of these questions until
the committees are. organized, we can then in-
struct the Committee on Claims, for instance, to
examine the law, and report some method of, dis-
posing of these papers which will be general in
its character, and will save us all a great deal of
trouble.
Mr. SEWARD. I agree to that suggestion.
It seems to me to be reasonable.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE Of REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 10,1855.
The Clerk called the House to order at twelve
o'clock, m.
The Journal ofSaturday was read and.approved.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the thirty-
fourth time for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 221; necessary to a
choice, 111; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 100
William A. Richardson   74
Henry M. Fuller.,   31
Felix K. Zoilicoffer.    4
Alexander C. M. Penriington ! ' 2
Percy Walker    g
John Wheeler * *'' 1
Andrew Oliver    1
Solomon G. Haven   1
a aron Harlan      1
John M. Elliott   1
William Smith * * j
John Scott Harrison  j
Benjamin F. Leiter  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour. Ben-
son, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Broom, Buffington, Burlmgame, James H. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Col-
fax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, Be Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durico, Lmne, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Gran-
ger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, KeJsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Jtnowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mace,
Matteson, McCarty, Meaeliam, Kiiiian Miller, Morgan
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols. Norton, Parker, Pelton
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle.Purviance, Ritchie
Robbms, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trai'ton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay
Barksdale, Bell, I-Icnry S. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthors, Caskio, Clins-
man, Howell Cobb, Williamson E. W. Cobb, Craige, Craw-
ford, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English ,Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Puller, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas L.
Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewctt, Geor e W
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin Mc-
aueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peek
Phelps, Powell, duitman, Rivers, KulBn, Kust, Sandidge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talhott, Taylor, Vail, Warner
Watkins, Wells, Wuislow, and John V. Wright. . '
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Ball, Henry Bennett, Broom,
Bayard Clark, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Edie, Foster,
J. Morrison Hanis, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Kennett
Kunkel, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Millward, Paine,
Pearce, Porter, Puryear, Beady, Ricaud, Scott, William R.
Smith, Sliced, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Whitney,
and Zollieofl'er. "
For Mr. Zollkoffer—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Cox, and Lake. '
Far Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Edwards and Sobbing.
For Mr. Walker—Messrs. Eustis and Swope.
For Mr. Wheeler—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
For Mr. Oliver—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Haven—Mr. jGtheridge.
For Mr. Harlan—Mr. Moore.
For Mr. Elliott—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Smith—Mr. Walker.
For Mr. Harrison—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Letter—Mr. Dunn.
I demand the yeas and nays.
I move to lay the resolution
Upon that I C$11 for the yeas
Mr. THQRINGTON. From a desire to see
this House organize—upon my own responsi-
bility, without having consulted with, any one—
I offer a resolution similar to that adopted at the
commencement of the, session in 1849. I submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House will proceed- immediately to
the election of a Speaker, viva voce; and if, after the roil
shall have been called three times, no member shall have
received a majority of the whole number of votes cast, the
roll shall again be called, and the memberwho shall receive
the largest number of votes, provided it be a majority of a
quorum, shall be declared to be Speaker.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " Yeas and nays!"
" Vote it down!"]
Mr. BOCOCK.
Mr. NORTON.
on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK.
and nays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I appeal to the gentleman
who offered that resolution to withdraw it. I
hope he will not press a vote upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[Cries of "Call the roll!" "Withdraw it!"
" Don't withdraw it!"]
Mr. THORINGTON. At the solicitation of
friends around me, I will -withdraw the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I renew it.
Several Members. Yon cannot withdraw it.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays having been
ordered, the resolution cannot be withdrawn; the
Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. WASHBURN, of,Maine. I rise to a
question of order. I understand the resolution
lias been withdrawn.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that after the
yeas and nays have been ordered, it is not com-
petent for the gentleman to withdraw his resolu-
tion.
[Great confusion prevailed; a dozen members
addressing the Clerk at once; some demanding
that the roll should be called, others insisting
that the resolution had been withdrawn, and still
others rising to questions of order.]
The CLERK. The Clerk wouljj respectfully
submit to the House, that as there are no rules,
these questions must be decided by the body
itself. The resolution was submitted, and the
yeas and nays ordered on -it. The Clerk there-
fore decides that the House must vote upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I appeal from
that decision.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the gentle-
man from Maine is out of order. The call of the
roll was commenced. Mr. Aiken's name was
called, and he asked what was the question before
the House. It is therefore too late to appeal from
the decision of the Clerk.
Mr. STANTON. But Mr. Aiksn did not
answer to his name.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I submit that the
;entleman from South Carolina is entitled to the
[oor. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to say a word. The
gentleman from Maine addressed the Clerk before
the call of the roll was commenced. It certainly
is not too late to appeal.
Mr. JONES,ofTennessee. I hope our friends,
if any of them object to the withdrawal of the
resolution, will withdraw their objections. I
think he certainly has that right, until the House
has taken some action upon it, and it becomes
the property of the House, and is taken out of
the hands of the gentleman who o#ered it. Until
that time, it seems to me, the resolution is cer-
tainly under the control of the gentleman from
Iowa, notwithstanding the fact that the yeas and
nays have been ordered upon it.
The CLERK. The Clerk, upon further con-
sideration,'thmks the gentleman from Iowa has
the right to withdraw, and will so rule.
The resolution was then withdrawn.
The House then proceeded to vote the thirty-
fifth time for a Speaker, and the following was
the result: VvTiole number of votes cast, 225;
necessary to a choice, 113; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 105
William A. Richardson    70
Henry M. Fuller J [ 2y
Felix K. Zoilicoffer 4
Benjamin F. Leiter   *... 1
Alexander C. M. Pennington   1
Solomon G. Haven      1
Percy Walker...    1
