1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
THE SUMNER ASSAULT.
Mr. CULLEN addressed the House for an
hour. His remarks will be published in the Ap-
dendix.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have not sought the floor
for the purpose of submitting any remarks. My
only object is to offer the following as an amena-
pient to the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb:]
Resolved, That this House hereby declare its disapproba-
tion of the assault made by the Hon. Preston S. Brooks
upon the Hon. Charles Sumner, in the Senate Chamber,
on the 22d day of May, 1856; and the House deem this a
fit occasion to express its disapprobation of the use of lan-
guage, in debate, of a character personally offensive to in-
dividual members of Congiess, or to any of the Stares of
this Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
it as an addition to the amendment?
Mr. ENGLISH. No, sir; as a substitute for
it. I will inquire of the Chair whether, if my
amendment shall be adopted, the question will
not then be upon the amendment as amended?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BOYCE and Mr. ETHERIDGE severally
addressed the House upon the subject under con-
sideration. Their remarks will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. NICHOLS obtained the floor.
Mr. GOODE. If the gentleman from Ohio will
yield for that purpose, I will move that the House
adjourn. It is very evident that the House is not
in a condition to listen to further debate upon tins
Subject at this time. This is Saturday evening;
the House is wearied with the day's session;
and it is equally evident that there are yet many
gentlemen who desire to speak upon this subject,
and that it is not the wish of the House that the
previous question should be moved on Monday
morning. To enable the gentleman from Ohio,
therefore, to proceed with ins remarks under
more favorable circumstances, if he will yield the
floor, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I should prefer to go on at
this time, if the House is disposed to hear me;
lout unless there should be a more general dispo-
sition to listen I should rather not speak at all.
Mr. GOODE. I am satisfied that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] will not call
the previous question on Monday morning1. It
is evident that theie are many gentlemen who
still desiiv to speak upon the subject.
Mr. NICHOLS, With that understanding,
I yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CADWALADER. Before the question
is put upon the motion to adjourn, I wish to say
that there was a general understanding upon the
part of th'1 House this morning, that the previous
question should be moved and sustained. Now,
sii, my colleague [Mr. Tyson] and myself have,
for the last five or six days, been seeking the
floor. We arc patient men. Neither of us wants
the floor for nunc than a few minutes. There
are many other gentlemen here who are similarly
situated. It was the understanding this morning
that we were to have a Ions; session to-day, and
persons may have left the Hall temporarily with
that undeistanding. Unless it is clearly under-
stood, therefoie, that the suggestion which was
ucqua-iced in this morning, that the previous
question was to be sustained on Monday morn-
ing, is not to be carried into effect, 1 hope the
House will not now adjourn.
Mr. SM1TTI, of Virginia. I would suggest
to my colleague that, as there are many gentle-
men who still desire to speak, if he will allow
me, I will move that lite House meet on Monday
morning at ten o'clock.
Mr. GOODE. No , sir. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This is certainly against
the undi rsfanding of this morning. Many mem-
ber? have left the hall, to my knowledge, with
the intention of returning, supposing that the
s< ssion would be continmd until a kite hour to-
day. I eive notice that, if the House adjourns
now, I shall stdl insist upon the previous question
on Monday morning.
Mr. FCOREINCE demanded tellers on the
motion that the House adjourn.
-Telle!s were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
Goodk appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported— ayes 34, noes 73.
So (at half past three o'clock) the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. &UITMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will move, by unanimous
consent, that members, in the further discussion
of this question, shall be limited to fifteen minutes
each. There are a great many gentlemen here
who desire to state points not yet presented.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. CULLEN. I suggest that each member
be allowed twenty minutes.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his objection. My sole
object is to enable gentlemen who have distinct
points to present them to the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my objection.
I supposed the proposition was different.
Mr. FLORENCE. There was no quorum on
the last vote, and I do not see how we can con-
sider the question.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is received
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE.
has the floor, and T would inquire whether this
resolution will deprive him of the hour allotted
to him under the rules?
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not object to it.
Mr. Quitman's motion was agreed to.
The discussion was continued by Messrs.
NICHOLS, TAYLOR, TYSON, PEARCE,
KNAPP, BRANCH, WOODRUFF, GRAN-
GER, CADWALADER, HICKMAN, SAY-
AGE, OLIVER of New York, HOUSTON,
HALL, of Massachusetts, KUNKEL, BOWIE,
DAMRELL, CAMPBELL of Pennsylvania,
DURFEE, PURVIANCE, READY, FLOR-
ENCE, LEITER, and LETCHER. [This de-
bate will appear in the Appendix.]
Oil motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (at
nine o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned till
Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 14, 185b'.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 133) to amend an act entitled <kAn act to
promote the efficiency of the Navy" is the special
order for this day at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
' sent of the Senate to make a correction in a bill
! which passed the Senate on Friday last. It was
I a bill for the relief of John Robb. The error
i consists of {he substitution of the word "Treas-
ury," instead of" War," as the designation of
the Department m which his services wore ren-
dered as chief clerk. I move that the word
^'Treasury" be stricken out, and the word "War"
inserted. The error was a clerical one in copy-
ing the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I hope we shall be allowed
some time for the usual morning business before
we proceed to the consideration of the special
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to postpone the special order.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of George
E. Hand. United States attorney for the district
of Michigan, piaying for compensation for his
services in prosecuting trespassers upon the pub-
lic lands in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE presented four petitions of cit-
izens of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of land
to aid in the construction of the Milwaukee,
Horicon, and Lake Supriior railroad; which
were referred to ! ho Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of G.
W. Bluford, praying to be relieved from a judg-
ment obtained against him tor the value of cer-
tain pork, belonging to the Government, which
he engaged to transport from Gosport, Virginia,
to the Biooklyn navy-yard, and which was lost
by sea; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizpns
of the District of Columbia, praying for the pas-
sage of an act to incorporate the Washington
Mutual Building Association; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. STUART presented $ petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying that the pension granted
to Thomas Fitzgerald for wounds received in the
battle of Lundy's Lane, may be continued to his
children during their minority; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of naval
officers stationed at the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, praying to be allowed additional pay; which
was referred to the Gommittec on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of James Sud-
dards, a passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
praying to be allowed the pay of his grade for
the time he discharged the duty previous to his
promotion; which was referred to the Committee
i on Naval Affairs.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to present a
I petition from the board of trade in the city of
j Portland, concurred in by a large number of the
, principal merchants and citizens of that city,
| asking Congress to make provision for the estab-
lishment of a steam cutter to be located on the
district of coast from Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, to Mount Deseret. I may state that this
district is about one hundred and sixty miles in
extent, and that it owns an amount of tonnage
second only to the district in which the city of
j New York is included, being something like seven
| hundred thousand tons of sailing vessels. The
J coast is a very severe one. Accidents are very
| frequent in the winter season. When vessels
1 come there, they are obliged sometimes to lie off
! the coast for many days, until they become cov-
| ered with ice, and their men are frozen. It is
| obvious that the necessity of the case, the pro-
j tection of commerce, and the protection of life,
| absolutely require that there should be some ves-
[ sel there in the nature of a revenue cutter devoted
j to that service, which is propelled by other than
sailing power. I understand that an application
i has been made in the other House for a vessel of
! that description for the district in which New
! York is included, and certainly, as this is only
j second to that m point of tonnage, and is a much
i more dangerous coast in the winter, on account
; of the extreme severity of that northern latitude,
j I hope and trust that the Committee on Com-
! merce, to which I propose to refer it, will take it
iinto favorable consideration. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Reuben Clough, with the
adverse repoit of the Committee on Pensions thewou, b«
recommitted to the Committee on Pension?.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
i tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
i sent, and agreed to:
I Resolved, Tluit the Committee on Indian Affairs be
j mstiucted to inquire into the e\pediency of making indem-
! nuy to the widow of William G.iy, late a-zent of the Shaw-
nee Indian* m Kan*^, who wa^ killed while in the dis-
« charge of his official duties— Mich mdi'inuirv lo cover his
' salaiy, the amount of money of winch he jobbed, the
! expenses of the widow and iamilv m returning :o Michigan,
etc ; and that the said commitltee repoit by bill or other-
! wise.
| DOME OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
. which was considered by unanimous consent,
| and agreed to:
i _ Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
, instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending
1 operations on the dome of the Capitol, and of removing the
pie=>ent old structure and replacing u by some budding m
•sj mmetiy with the new wing.; now m piop:re«<; ofconstiuc-
tion. so that the whole building, when completed, may bo
uiiUorm^and syinmeUicaL and eonloimable to the requne-
ments of a chaste, simple, and modern aiehitectuie.
DISPERSION OF ASSEMBLAGES IN KANSAS.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolu-
tion for consideration, and ask for its immedi-
ate consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United Slates be
requested to inform the Senate if any instruction 5 have been
issued to any mihtaiy officer m command in Kan«a>, to drs-
per-e any unarmed meeting or the people ot that Terntoiy,
and to pi event, by miiitaiy power, any assemblage of the
people oi that Territory.
Mr. BIGGS. Let it lie over.
The resolution lies over accordingly, under the
rules.
