1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14.
the Department, where men were compelled to
draw their pensions from the time the proof was
made. There is nothing in this case which ex-
cepts it from this rule. The Senator says that
this man was not able to get the evidence under
the then regulation. There arc many such eases.
This is opening the door to every human being
to be paid his pension from the time of applica-
tion, and not from the time of the completion of
the proof, which has always been objected to, and
I think rightly, by the Government. It is a do-
nation at the best. This petitioner shows no
reason why his case shouid oe excepted from the
rul~e applied to all others: that they shall draw
their pensions from the time .when they make out
their proof. The fact of his services has nothing
to do with it. Services are not sufficient to vio-
late the principle, arid to establish a new rule
upon which to count pensions. For that reason
I say, admitting the whole merit of the case as
stated by the Senator from Vermont, I do not
think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. FOOT. In the first place, Mr. President,
there are very few cases of this character left, and
it certainly cannot be an injurious precedent.
Very few men have ever readied the age of this
person, and very few will. It is true that, in con-
sequence of the limitations of the act, and the
time when the evidence was completed, it is ren-
dered necessary to have a special act of Congress.
This is notanewcase; it is not a new application;
it is not a new precedent; it is not a new instance
in which Congress have granted relief under pre-
ciselythe same circumstances. Numerous cases
arc in your statute-book where applications of
this kind have been made and granted. A more
meritorious case, and one which makes a stronger
appeal to the bounty of the Government, cannot
be presented.
Mr. HUNTER. If spoms to me that it is very
unsafe to depart from the established rules. We
begin in a particular case, and then make it the
foundation of a general law extending the pension
system. The general laws already go far beyond
anything that was proposed before 1820, or what
used to be thought sound; and when we pass
these cases which seem to be exceptional, they
are made the excuse for extending still further
the general system. For one, I am opposed to
extending it any further than it has already been
carried.
Mr. FOOT. I will simply say that I can point
out to the Senator from Virginia, cases from his
own StUe of this clmraeier, where that rule has
been set aside for special reasons, and arrearages
of pension have been allowed.
Air. IIUNTER. I can only say that it seems
to me to be wrong, no matter from what State the
case comes.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. BROOHEAD. I am in favor of this hill,
but 1 be« leave to suggest to the Senator from
Vermont to strike out " Secretary of War," and
insert " Secretary of the Interior." The pension
bureau is under the charge of the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. FOOT. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to by unanimous
consent. The bill was lead the third time, and
passed.
MILITARY ROAD IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to take up
a bill which has passed the House of Represent- '
atives, to provide for rfie construction of a road \
m Mnmesotj Territory, and has been repented1
back trom the Committee on Military Affairs. |
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate |
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to 1
consider the bill (f-J. R. No. 417) for the eon-'
struction of a road from Fort Ilidgely. in the I
Territory of Minnesota, to the South Puss of the ,
Rocky .Mountains, in the Territory of Nebraska. :
It proposes Jo appropriate £5U.()00 for the con- 1
struction of the road, which is to be constructed '
under the direction of the Secretary of the lute- '
n<n, pursuant to contracts to be made by him. 'j
Mr.^BICGS. ^ I dessn e to inquire of the Senator '!
from California if any estimate iias been furnished !|
by any Department for this road, or any recom-
nienciHtior^from any head of a Deportment for it r
Mr. WELLER. There has been estimates for
the construction of these roads from the War
Department. This bill originally passed the
House of Representatives. It has been the prac-
tice of the Government to make appropriations
for the construction of roads in the Territories,
and this is a bill for the construction of one in
Minnesota and Nebraska Territories.
Mr. BIGGS. The provisions of this bill re-
quire an appropriation of $50,000, for a military
road as 1 understand, in Minnesota and Nebraska
Territories. Now, sir, I do msistupon it, before
we make these large appropriations, that we ought
to have the experience of some of the Executive
Departments showing the necessity of the roads.
While I am a fiiend of the present Administra-
tion, I insist upon it that they shall take the re-
sponsibility, if this road is necessary, of making
a recommendation and the necessary estimate.
This I understand to be a bill appropriating
$>50,000 for a military road, and we have no in-
formation, so far as I have heard yet, showing
the necessity of the road, or whether or not the
$50,000 will construct it as contemplated in the
bill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know really if there is any report from a com-
mittee, or if any one has stated the necessity of
such a road as this, or the expense of it? I do
not suppose there is any necessity for the con-
struction of these roads. I do not know how
much public land may have been appropriated
for railroads to get emigrants to Minnesota. It
has been a great point for the concentration of
emigrants from abroad, and from the whole North
and East. The difficulty has been to get com-
munication to Minnesota Territory, of which a
very large portion is yet unsettled. It is a place
which invites immigration. Now, is it supposed
to be necessary that this road should be con-
structed in order that the immigration to Minne-
sota may continue on to California or Oregon?
There is a great deal more direct road than this,
if they propose to go to California or Oregon.
This road is proposed to be constructed to the
South Pass, and therefore I suppose it looks
towards California and Oregon. If you want to
go to either of those points, there are other com-
munications and roads which afford a much greater
facility. I have no objection to having any neces-
sary or any expedient communication; but I
object to making an appropriation, and author-
izing the construction of a road like this, merely
because it is suggested by the representative of
that Territory m the other House, or in any
other quarter, that such a road would be useful.
No doubt some persons go to Minnesota, \v ho,
after having looked around them there, and seen
how far the country is preferable to any other
which they are likely to reach, would like to go
further on, and such a road to the South Pass
would be convenient to them. There is no doubt
that that would be the wish of those who want to
reach California from Minnesota; but I object to
such a grant as this, or to making an appropria-
tion for the construction of a military road for a ;
point to which there are several other routes.
There is one other more direct road, at least
from the East and North to the South Pass,
which is much more convenient, and likely to be
much more profitable to the country. I have not
heard anything said upon this subject. I have
heard no report, and no suggestion. If it be
highly expedient to the public interest to con- !'
stiuct this road, of course I shall have no objec- lj
tion. * j!
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until to-morrow, j.
as it is likely to lead to debate. Ji
Mr. WELLER. I do not wish to interfere ^
with the business of the Senate. If the bill is [|
likely to give rise to debate, I shall not object to l|
postponing it until to-morrow; but I think I can 'S
answer the questions suggested by the Senator i,
fiom Tennessee, and show him the necessity of 11
this improvement. From Fort Snclling to the ;
Missouri river, by the route which is at present I
traveled, the distance is twelve hundred or tiu'r- 1
t* en hundred miles. The marshal was ordered,
a short time since, to arrest a man on the Mis- ,
soun, and was compelled to travel thirteen hun- |,
drtd miles, although the direct route is only two !'
hundred miles from Fort Ridgely to Fort Snclling. j
Upon the road provided form the bill the distance j'
will be only two hundred milep, while upon the
road traveled now it is between twelve hundred
and thirteen hundred miles. But if there beany
opposition to the bill, and the Senator desires
further information, I shall consent that the bill
lie over for the present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We shall want some fur-
ther information about this bill, I think. It had
better be postponed until to-morrow, till we can
look into it.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to that.
I do not want Senators to vote on the bill without
information upon it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
AMBROSE LANFEAR.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Ambrose Lanfear, to report
a bill for his relief, and to ask that it may be put
on its passage immediately. This gentleman is
on the eve of having his plantation, of which he
has been in possession a long number of years,
surveyed as public lands, and he asks for the con-
firmation of his title.
The bill was read twice by its title, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My colleague desires that
the bill shall lie over until to-morrow morning,
and I consent to it.
The bill was laid aside.
Mr. BENJAMIN" subsequently said : Mr
colleague and myself have agreed upon an amend-
ment to be attached to the bill for the relief of
Ambrose Lanfear, which will obviate the only-
difficulty in the way of its passage, and I ask
that it may be put upon its passage at once.
There being no objection, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment is to add
the following, "claiming title either under ad-
verse title or as preemptor," so that the proviso
will read:
j Provided, That such confirmation shall only be con-
strued into a relinquishment of title on tfie part of the
United States, and shall not affect the ngnts of any third
peisoti claiming title, either under adverse title or aa pre-
emptor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
WIDOW OF F. B. M'NEIIX.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate to
take up the bill (S. No. 375) for the relief of
Eliza B. McNeill. It is merely to give her a pen-
sion for five years.
The motion wasagreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Air. HALE. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Jones, of Iowa, on the 11th instant:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was refeired the
petition of Air*. El.za B. McNeill, widow of Captain T.
j B. McNeill, of the United States maune corps, praying a
| pension, beg leave ro report:
' That Capiam T. C. McNeill, according to petition, served
in the United States marine corns tor a period of about
1 twenty-one year , and that while m the line of duty cori-
| ti<u ted a severe rheumatism, which resulted in hypertro-
i phv ot the heart, from winch he died, March 13, The
I evidence m the case seems satisiactory to the committee,
■ oijd sufficient to establish the statements of petitioner.
I \ lowing the petition, therefore, as one deserving favor, the
j committee submit the following resolution :
i Rew'ved, That the committee leport a bill for the relief
' of petitioner, granting her five yeat S half pay of her hus-
band, commencing April 25, 185*6, when the testimony was
; completed.
! The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. OOLLAMER. I wish to call up the bill
(S. No. 327) appropriating some thousand dollars
to enable the Postmaster General to make a
practical experiment of the atmospheric tele-
graph. [ presume every gentleman has examined
tnat subject. It has long been before the Senate,
and it hits been reported on favorably for a num-
ber of successive sessions in the Senate, and also
in the House of Representatives. I think it will
not occasion debate. 1 presume every Senator
has examined into the subject, and satisfied him-
self as to its being at least worthy of a trial.
