1855.j
j^PPEiVDiX W THK CONGRESSIONAL GU>m>
*34TH COJJG....1 ST SESS.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
much larger, the number being greatly multipli
by the requirements of the recent bounty la)
ied
by i
law.
ounty land
The amount of lands sold during the second
and third quarters of the present calendar year is
about 6,264,163 acres; being an increase of about
827,625 acres (in cash §477,442 06) on that of the
corresponding quarters of the preceding year.
This is owing, in a great measure, to the extraor-
dinary advance and prosperity of the country,
but, it is feared, in some degree, to the influence
of speculation.
The quantity of land covered by warrants,
issued to soldiers of all the wars in which the
United States have been engaged, is 37,958,412
acres, which enormous amount, taken in connec-
tion with our liberal system of pensions, evinces,
in an eminent degree, that the gratitude of our
country for the patriotism of its citizens is not
impaired by the lapse of time, nor its acknowl-
edgment extended with an illiberal hand.
• Under the several acts of Congress for the sat-
isfaction of Virginia military land warrants, there
were taken 1,460,000 acres of the public lands.
Acts more recent have been passed for the issue
of scrip to satisfy this class of warrants, which
are being faithfully and yet liberally executed.
Although complaints have been made of atoo rigid
construction of the law, and against some of the
rules and regulations prescribed under it, vet it
•will be found, on inquiry, that every latitude has
been given that a fair observance of its provisions
■Would admit. It has been contended that the
decisions of the Executive of the State are obliga-
tory and conclusive upon the Department, unless
fVaud is clearly shown. But, with the greatest
respect for that functipnary and his opinions, I
found myself, on this point, involved in this dif-
ficulty: that one Executive had allowed what
another Executive had rejected, and that the law
under which I acted required, as a prerequisite to
the issue of the scrip, that the Secretary of the
Interior, on the surrender of the warrant, should
be satisfied, "by a revision of the proofs, or by
additional testimony, that any warrant thus surren-
dered was fairly and justly issued, in pursuance
of the laws of said Commonwealth." In some
cases there were no proofs nor additional testi-
mony, and I could not do otherwise, under the
express mandate of the law, than reject or sus-
pend them. What is technically termed " dead,"
as well as' 'supernumerary service," in conformity
courage and secure the permanent resilient; but
the provisions intended to carry out this design
are very defective, and have given,rise to many
grave questions, difficult of solution. The office
was compelled to require the production of satis-
factory proof, within a reasonable period, of a
substantial compliance with the requirements of
the law as a prerequisite to the issue of the patent.
This is the most important safeguard that could J
be adoptedagainstthe numerous frauds attempted
to be perpetrated under the law, and still it may
become necessary for Congress to interpose, in <
order that it may be executed in its spirit; other-
wise its design may be frustrated ana defeated.
The quantity of land sold at graduated prices '
during the last fiscal year was 8,720,474 acres;
amount received therefor, $2,358,918.
In the year ending the 30th of September last, ;
15,315,283.18 acres of land have been surveyed.
Besides this, the true boundary line between
Alabama and Florida has been established, and
many other surveys made to correct errors and
defects in ancient surveys, and to prepare for the
discontinuance of the office of surveyor general
in several of the districts. No new land was
brought into market, however, owing to the large
body of lands already subject to entry.
The quantity of lands sold for cash during the last fiscal
year was... ^ 15,729,524*88 acres.
Beceived therefor, $11,485,384 75.
Located with military scrip and land
warrants  1,345,580.00 "
Swamp lands selected for States  7,470,746.62 "
Selected on donations for railroads, &c. 11,558.00 «
Making a total of.   24,557,409.50 «
Exhibiting an increase of 8,693,789.81 acres) over
the previous year, of lands sold for cash, and a
decrease of 2,071,222.26 acres located with scrip :
and warrants. The quantity that will be entered
the present fiscal year with land warrants will be
with the opinion of the Attorney General, has
been allowed, and the most liberal course pursued
in the examination of all the other classes. With
a strong disposition to favor the applicants, I am
persuaded there are some of the claims that will
not bear the requisite scrutiny, and are not, on
their merits, entitled to allowance.
My views respecting the policy which has
for many years been pursued, of making grants
of public lands in alternate sections in aid of the
construction of great leading thoroughfares in the
new States, have been so fully expressed in my
former reports, as to render anything more than
a brief allusion to the subject unnecessary. I re-
iterate, however, the importance of properly dis-
criminating between enterprises of this character
which deserve the fostering aid of Government,
and those which are not called for by public con-
siderations, and of surrounding all such grants
with proper restrictions and guards to prevent
fraud, and protect the interests of the United
States and of the people.
Such discrimination and precaution will not,
it is believed, be found more difficult in this titan
in any other species of legislation.
The act of 8th August, 1846, granted to the
State of Wisconsin, for improving the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same by
a canal, a quantity of land, equal to one half of
three sections in width, on each side of the Fox
river and the lakes through which it passes, from
its mouth to the point where the Portage canal
shall enter the same, and on each side of said
canal from one stream to the other. This grant
covered some 260,433 acres, of which there were
selected and approved 208,303 acres, leaving
52,130 acres, the same having been sold by the
Government previous to the grant. No provis-
ion .having been made for an equivalent, the
Governor of Wisconsin selected 60,832 acres of
the United States alternate sections, which, in
a spirit of liberality, were reserved from sale,
subject to the further action of Congress for the
purpose of supplying the residuum.
The subsequent act of 1854, and the explan-
atory resolution of 1855, were passed to remove
the doubts entertained relative to the proper con-
struction of the act making the grant.
' These required the application to the act of
1846, of the principles governing the grant to the
State of Indiana for canal purposes. The Land
Office, assuming these as its guide, determined,
by a liberal construction of all the acts and the
resolution, to give to Wisconsin Jive, instead of
three sections, for the width of the grant, and the
one half of the sum of the actual meanders of both
shores of the canal, the river, and the lakes,
with all their sinuosities, including the large lake
Winnebago, as the length of the grant. Thus it
was enlarged to 684,269 acres, being an increase
of 423,836 acres over the original grant. But the
company, which purports to have succeeded to
the rights of the State, not satisfied with, the con-
struction given to the law by the Land Office,
preferred a claim for the alternate sections on the
Wisconsin river, from where it enters the Missis-
sippi to the portage, which would enlarge the
grant upwards of 352,000 acres, increasing it from
260,433 acres to 1,036,269 acres, and probably
much more, depending on the rule that might be
adopted.
The lands on the Wisconsin river having
never been embraced by any action of Congress,
but the grant being expressly restricted to the
Fox river, lakes and portage, the claim, after full
examination by the late Commissioner of the
Land Office, and review, on appeal, by me, witli
every proper disposition to favor the State, was
rejected, and the grant has been confined to the
enlarged limit before mentioned.
The act of 29th June, 1854, proposed to grant
lands to the Territory of Minnesota, amounting
by estimate to 1,171,200 acres, for aiding in the
construction of a railroad from the northern
boundary of Iowa to the western extremity of
Lake Superior, and was unconditionally repealed
by the act of 4th August, 1854. The lands,
which had been withdrawn from sale, in July of
the same year, as falling within the probable
limits of this proposed grant, were accordingly
restored to market, and the law treated as a nul-
lity, in all executive action, after its repeal.
I must repeat my recommendation to prohibit
officers connected with the survey and sale of the
public lands, from becoming purchasers. The
evils flowing from its permission are so obvious,
that it would only seem necessary to dxaw atten-
tion to it to induce its prohibition.
Much difficulty has been experienced in the
execution of the laws granting the swamp and
overflowed lands to the several States in which
they lie. Some patents have been issued, wliilo
osiers have been suspended for further inquiry
and investigation. Efforts are making to settle
and adjust all the claims, and it is hoped, this will
soon be done, to the mutual satisfaction of the
States interested and the Government. The acts
of Congress upon the subject are not free from
ambiguity, but they indicate a generous policy
towards the new States, and are entitled to, and
should receive, a liberal construction.
The commission to ascertain and settle the
private land claims in California will be able to
complete its labors within the period fixed by law,
1 and I am happy to say, without making further
1 draft on the Treasury. Its conduct, in the dis-
! charge of its duties, has been highly creditable,
and given universal satisfaction.
Under the act of July 27,1854, a board of com-
missioners was appointed, and convened at Vin-
ceHnes, in the State of Indiana, to ascertain and
adjust the titles to lands in that State, under the
several acts of Congress making and confirming
grants to settlers; but the sixth section required
it to close its session on the 1st of September last.
It was unable to finish the business confided to
it, and it therefore becomes necessary to revive
the old board, or create a new one. The latter
is, perhaps, the better course; and it is supposed
that one commissioner will be sufficient, who
should be appointed for a limited period, with
authority to decide upon Siuch claims as from any
cause have not been acted upon.
New land districts are frequently carved out of
old ones, and the acts are made to take effect from
their passage. The officers in the old districts
cannot receive timely notice,.so as to prevent
sales, at their offices, of lands in the new dis-
tricts. To obviate this difficulty, and not to with-
draw unnecessarily from the market the lands
in the new districts, previous to their thorough
organization, it is proper to provide, by general
law, that the new offices shall not go into opera-
tion for six months from the passage of the law
establishing them, unless, in the judgment of the
President, an earlier period is necessary.
The affairs of the Pension Office have been con-
ducted with great efficiency and signal ability.
Its business has largely increased, and rendered
the labors of the Commissioner and his subordin-
ates arduous and severe. Most of the difficulties
have been overcome, and every branch is up to
date, except that having charge of bounty lands
granted by the recent act of Congress to certain
officers and soldiers who haVe been engaged in
the military service of the United States. Stren-
uous and unremitting efforts have been mada
promptly to execute this act. Some complaint
arose from the apparent want of promptitude of
the Pension Office; but the facts, so lucidly stated
in the accompanying report of the head of that
bureau, clearly snow !here was not the slightest
foundation for it. The amount of preparatory
labor was very great, to perform which with de-
sirable dispatch was beyond the power of the
force in the Pension Office, and I had to detail,in
aid of it, many of the clerks from the Land Office.
Such has been the Commissioner's success, that
the law is being carried into more efficient effect
than any of like character ever was before. The
whole work will be completed in less time than
was anticipated. The number of applications
to the 20th ultimo was 225,944; those examined
number 84,500; of which 59,892 have been
allowed, 24,608 suspended or rejected, and tho
number of warrants issued, 55,917, covering
6,578,320 acres.
In the outset the Department directed the appli-
cations to be taken up for examination in tho
order in which they were presented, so as to pro-
tect those at a distance who could neither come
nor employ agents here. The same rule prevails
in regard to pensions.
The Commissioner of Pensions, upon his being
