8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate h Ho. of Reps.
satisfied of the cessation of the disability ofan
invalid pensioner, and after the latter has had
ample opportunity to show its continuance, and
fails or neglects to do so, should have the power
to suspend the payment of the pension, or strike
the pensioner's name from the roll. No doubt
can be entertained that many whose claims are
based upon this ground are drawing their pen-
sions semi-annually, although, since the allow-
ance, they have entirely recovered. The nature
of the disease contracted in the Mexican wa%
and which has so much lengthened the rdH, indi-
cates this. Certainly some of them have been
restored to good health, but failed to communi-
cate the fact to the Pension Office. A thorough
investigation of this matter would probably pro-
duce strange developments, and lead to singular
and interesting disclosures.
The pension laws are so crude, undigested, and
conflicting, that it is morally impossible to exe-
cute them satisfactorily. They possess neither
uniformity, equality, nor justness. Their defects
are so obvious and glaring, that a cursory exam-
ination will satisfy the most skeptical Jj16 n<j~ i
cessity of a revision. It would be a hard task j
to devise a more incongruous or perplexing sys-
tem than the present complicated one.
It may become advisable to fall bacic upon the
old principle of indigence, to which every one,
having any claim to humanity, would cordially
subscribe. If it were resumed, and the meritor-
ious and needy soldier, his widow, or minor
children, could receive enough to supply th^jr
necessary wants, no one would raise the slightest
objection to such manifestation of the public grat-
itude. Now, they are in receipt of a few dollars
a month, which all know is entirely insufficient
for the most ordinary purposes. If pensions
were confined to this class, and their gratuities
properly enlarged, the system would meet with
universal approval.
I beg leave again to bring to your notice the
statute limiting to two years, prosecutions for
perjury and forgery committed in pension and
land warrant cases. Many criminals have set up
this plea, and escaped the vigilance of the bureau,
and the prosecuting officers. In most cases, it is
hard to detect the culprit before the time for the
institution of criminal proceedings has expired.
There were nine convictions during the last year,
and a like number of prosecutions are now pend-
ing.
The number of pensioners on the rolls of the
several agencies for paying pensions was, on the
30th June last, 14,488; and the amount disbursed
during the last fiscal year was $1,505,112 31.
The sums in the hands of pension agents have
at length been reduced to what is required for the
semi-annual payment^, allowing a small margin
—having been reduced, in the aggregate, from
$948,475 80, on the 31st of March, 1853, to
§230,099 38, on the 30th of June last.
In my last report I remarked that, from the
large amounts it had been customary for them
to have on hand, it was not doubted that they
had been fully compensated for their services.
The more information obtained in this regard,
the more confirmed ami in the correctness of that
opinion. The present compensation, when the
agents are governed by the existing stringent law,
must be sufficient, as the offices are earnestly
sought after, and the duties were never more faith-
fully performed.
My attention was early drawn to the fact, that
advances to a considerable amount had been made
to the agents appointed for the payment of arniy
pensions, under the acts of 15th of May, 1828,
and 7th of June, 1832. Each of these acts con-
tains a clause, making the requisite appropriation
for the payment of all the claims which may be
admitted under it; and hence it has not been
necessary to ask for yearly appropriations from
Congress in these, as in other cases. Advantage
has been taken of this circumstance to make the
advances referred to; and, on examination, it was
found that the amount in the hands of the agents
exceeded, under one act, what would be required
to be disbursed during a period of several quar-
ters, and under the other, of several years.
No satisfactory authority was found to exist
for withdrawing the money from the Treasury,
aa it was evident that no part of it had been
appropriated, except such portion only as was
actually required for current use under the law.
Instructions were, therefore, given to discontinue
the practice of making such advances, and to
require those already made to be refunded to the
Treasury. The result of this action is exhibited
' 'by the following statement:
Amount collected and repaid into the Treasury, under the
11 act of 15th May, 1828, from 1st July, 1853, to 30th Jane,
11      
! Amount collected and repaid into the Treasury
|: under the act of 7th June, 1832, during the
!' same time  201,128 65
Making an aggregate of $257,131 34
During the same period the payments under
the same acts were, under act of 15th May,
' 1828    $15,872 00
Under act of 7th June, 1832  170,437 05
.. 186,309 05
Leaving an excess of collections over ex- J 29
penditures of.  5 '
which has been carried to the surplus fund.
From this it will be seen that nothing was, in
fact, drawn from the Treasury during the last
two fiscal years, on account of the pensions ad-
mitted under these acts; but that all those pen-
sions, including the commissions of the pension
agents, and the incidental expenses of the several
agencies, amounting in all to $186,309 05, were
satisfied out of the collections made as before
shown; besides which the sum of $70,822 29, not
wanted for immediate use, was paid back into the
; Treasury.
i In view of these facts, and to guard against a
recurrence of a similar state of things, it is re-
spectfully suggested that Congress be requested
to repeal the appropriating clause in the acts
alluded to, so as to render it necessary hereafter
to rely upon annual appropriations for the means
of executing them, as in other cases. *
The accounts of the pension agents are at pres-
ent adjusted by the Third and Fourth Auditors;
the former having charge of those for paying
Army, and the latter those for paying Navy pen-
sions, subject to the revision of the Second Comp-
1 trailer of the Treasury. Consequently, however
1 faithful and conscientious these officers may be,
j a perfect uniformity cannot be expected in the
\ adjustment of those accounts, although no good
reason is apparent why the same general princi-
| pies should not govern in respect to each class of
! cases. To secure such uniformity is quite desir-
| able, and this could be done by causing all the
i accounts of those agents to be audited in one
I office. It is also important that these accounts,
j before being submitted to the accounting officers
' of the Treasury, should pass under the super-
vision of this Department, from which the remit-
tances to the agents are ordered.
The accounts growing out of the survey and
sale of the public lands, involving much larger
amounts, have for years past been audited at the
General Land Office, subject to the revision of the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, and the prac-
tice has been attended with good results.
The accounts of the pension agents could, in
like manner, be audited at the Pension Office,
with great convenience to the service and advan-
tage to the Government, subject to the same re-
vision as at present, and so be made to pass under
| the supervision of two Departments instead of
one, being adjusted by the Interior and revised
by the Treasury Department. Should this rec-
ommendation be adopted, all the advantages above
suggested would be secured, in addition to which
this Department would have within itself such
information as it is constantly in need of in the
administration of its financial affairs.
' A similar suggestion is made in respect to the
accounts for the Indian service, which are at
present a^usted by the Second Auditor, subject
to the revision of the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury. It is believed that these accounts
could be audited, with equal convenience and
benefit, at the Indian Bureau, subject, of course,
to the same revision as at present, and that sim-
ilar advantages would thus be secured in reference
to them, as in the cases previously alluded to.
The field-work of the Mexican boundary sur-
vey, I rejoice to say, has been completed. The
| promptitude, dispatch, and eminent ability dis-
: played in its recent prosecution, reflects the high-
, est credit upon the commissioner. Under the
i severest hardships and greatest privations, he lias
run the line through a country generally destitute
of everything necessary to the sustenance of
human life, in a remarkably short space of time,
and yet left nothing undone which duty required.
The appropriations made for this specific pur-
pose have not been exhausted, but a large balance
remains unexpended. The office-work will now
be prosecuted with vigor, and finished as soon as
practicable. .
A full report of the operations of the Commis-
sion, when published, will exhibit much interest-
ing information relative to the territory acquired
by the treaty of the 30th of December, 18j3. It
contains about twenty millions of acres of land.
The eastern portion of it is traversed from north
to south by several streams, which, though not
navigable, afford unfailing facilities for irrigation.
The valleys of some of the streams are cultivated,
and produce wheat, corn, and tobacco luxuriantly,
though in general they are better adapted to
grazing.
Gold, silver and copper, are found in the liills,
but not in placer; ana, in many places, the re-
mains of ancient Spanish mining operations yet
exist. The western portion of the country bor-
dering upon the Colorado and Gila rivers presents
a strong contrast, being a hopeless desert, though
known to abound in silver ore.
This territory is not so much the abode of hos-
tile Indians, as it is the avenue through which
they pass from their country north of the Gila to
the northern States of Mexico. A portion of it,
however, is occupied by a semi-civilized nation
of Indians composed of a confederacy of Pimos
and Maricopas Indians, numbering, it is said,
about two thousand warriors. They till the soil
with much success, raising cotton, wheat, corn,
and beans, and are said to be ever kind and
friendly to American emigrants passing through
their country to California. They are understood
to set up a claim to the land they occupy, under
some general law of Spain or Mexico, and mani-
fest much anxiety lest, by the transferof territory
to the United States, their possession may be dis-
turbed or injuriously affected.
They are said to be at constant war with the
hostile tribes inhabiting the country north of the
Gila, and their only barrier to the occupation of
this newly acquired country.
These facts would seem to claim for them
peculiar consideration at the hands of the Gov-
ernment.
Attention is again earnestly called to the im-
portance of an early survey and demarkation of
the boundary line between the United States and
the British Provinces in the northwest. In order
to prevent future difficulties and embarrassments,
it is desirable that the whole of the unsurveyed
boundary between the two countries should be
authoritatively established upon the ground, but
more especially that portion of it which forms
the northern boundary of the newly organized
Territory of Washington. In the channel which
separates Vancouver s Island from the main con-
tinent, and through the middle of which, accord-
ing to the convention of 1846, the line of bound-
ary passes, there is a large and interesting group
of islands which are much desired by our citi-
zens, but the settlement of them will naturally
be retarded, if not entirely prevented, until the
boundary line shall have been definitely determ-
ined.
The reorganization of the Patent Office has
been perfected, and its good effect already sens-
ibly experienced.
Several important amendments to the patent
laws were suggested by the Commissioner of
Patents, in his last report, which are necessary
to the more efficient action of the Bureau, anil
are in themselves reasonable and entirely unob-
jectionable.
Since the 1st of January last, there have been
issued upwards of eighteen hundred patents, and,
within the year, the number will probably reach
two thousand. This is the result of the judicious
and excellent system that has been adopted, and
which enables the office promptly to examine and
dispose of every application that is presented.
Several of the rooms in the basement story of
the Patent Office building are occupied by the
Indian Bureau. Previously, it was in a building
