1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
1010
the country in the full pay of his rank; and that
for the sole purpose of avoiding, as gentlemen
sav, a difficulty which now exists, and which they
fr-ar may hereafter exist, in relation to the proper
mode of porting nd of inefficient officers in the
public service.
N"o\v, sir, we have been a nation for eighty
years, and this is the first time in the history of
the Government that an expedient of tins kind
lias become necessaiy. I think the gentlemen
very much exaggerate the prospcct of a recur-
rence of difficulties of this kind, and they are
endeavoring now, by a system of legislation, to
foresee them. There is no chance of another
experiment of this kind being tried for half a cen-
tury to come; and we are doing ail that wise and
prudent and far-seeing .statesmen can be required
to do, when we legislate for our own times and
our own generation. Let us not endeavor now
to provide remedies for difficulties that may not
occur until after we shall be tenants of the grave.
I thmft, sir, that any such system as this, if now
inaugurated, can have but one tendency—eventu-
ally to put as a burden on the publicTreasury of
the country a large body of pensioned officers
who will seek this condition of officers upon die
retired list as an honorable and pleasant retire-
ment from public duty, where, with the enjoy-
ment of rank and office and all the emohmif nts
of pay to which, under the present system, they
aie entitled accoiding to their different ranks, fliey
may paws the remainder of their lives at the ex-
pense of the publicTrcasury. 1 think the system
is exceptionable in every possible point of view.
1 have not the remotest idea that you could ever
got the House of Representatives to agree to any
such system as that. It puts it in the power of
the President and the Semite to establish a regu-
lar, permanent corps of efficient officers on the
Government.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I cannot agree
with the honoiable Senator fiom Louisiana. I
can see no difference in principle between making
a system permanent, which places officers who
become unfit for duty, in the exigencies of ser-
Mee,on ihe retired list, and doing it merely tem-
porarily. as a violent remedy. The only differ-
ence, to my mindf^s this: that at the particular
exigency individual interests may desire to scat-
ter to the winds some two hundred officers, not
wjfh n view to any permanent system for the ben-
efit of the country; and if this is giatified they are
satisfied; but they are opposed to any general
system which may operate uniformly and gen-
eially for the benefit of tie1 service.
Now, sir, wheic is the gn_\if objection which
thi honorable Senator from Louisiana makes to
tins provision, that office's may be retired from
the si.*, \ jee living on a pension list at the expense
of the eountiy, instead of drawing full pay, and
rendetmg no service * If there was no such list,
I im! to know if the officer would not remain m
the ffrrvKe? If piovision is made foi retirement
in this mode, he mav be placed upon the lowest
grade of pay, not on fall pay, as the .Senator fiom
Louisiana suggests, but on leave of absence, or
furlough, as the President may nominate hini to
be. _ _ i
Besides, the provision restricts the number. U '
only operates as a general relief; and if the law
which was passed m Jboo, and the. action unu<T !
it, were called for by the necessities of the sei vice, :
the peimaiience of a law of that kind 1 hold to be j
neeosoary in the same service. Though the Sen- !
ptor from Louisiana may fan'-}' that, for fifty !
ye;>is to come, no such st<-p will be requisite, I ;
cannot see why the same causes should notneees- ;
sarilv lead to ihe same results m a much shoiter .
period of time. ]
A«cun, 1 think a gradual relief of the Navy, 1
from time to time, not gonn^ b< yond a limited ,
amount, is far preferable to violent remeui'-s :
adopted upon the Spin of the moment, which are
nothing mote than the g atifh atmn of the indi-
vidual preference of tlie-i wi;o have the power
at the particular hour. Tia-v act npoii a ^ lolent
system., iiw.etul of taking a ueiteral system, in re-
gaid to which no mail «'aii tell on whom it will
op'-rate hereafter, and in whieii no individaa! in-
terests of the hour can be invohed. 1 should be
perfectly willing on that point to place tin1 amend-
ment which has been offered by the honorable
Senator lrom Ohio, as regards its prudence and .
propriety, in cuniiust with the bill of the com-
mittee. Individual interests and individual pas-
sions and individual considerations cannot be
involved in a permanent system like that, to the
extent that they will be involved in a temporary
expedient for removing over one fourth of the
Navy at a particular time.
Sir, I can see nothing m the objections of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana which ought
to pievail against this amendment; but if the sys-
tem that you should retire from your service,
either on furlough or leave-of-absence pay, under
a temporary law, be right in itself—1 say the same
system, properly guarded, so as not to run into
abuse, should be made permanent; and there is
far greater danger of its temporary violent action
being influenced by the passions of ilm hour, or
the partisan ascendency of the hour, or the per-
sonal ascendency of the hour, than iheiv is under
a general pro\ision where the evil of a pension
system is guarded against in the way I mention.
The officers of your Navy and Army, by the gen-
eral opinion of Congress, and the universal usage
of the Government, though they may n:jt hold,
by the tenure of their commission, what are called
life offices, do practically hold a commission
which is to last during their lives, unless they be
removed for good cause. If any other principle
were adopted, your Navy would not be enteieu
into by a single honorable man, or a man fit to
perform its duties. That being the case, no dan-
ger ca'n be created by saying tu these gentlemen,
" Thateitherat your own consent, or on the sug-
gestion of the President, you have become unable
to perform your duties from any cause not suffi-
cient to justify your dismissal, but where you
obstruct ihe promotion of ot'a r officers who could
take your place, you ma}' be p;,ieed on the letned
list." 1 think the expense to the couniry m that
case would not be mcreasi d, taking the bill of
the committee as it would then stand amended.
At present, the Secietaiy of the Navy could
place him, without an}' law, on fuilougfn pay for
the rest of his life, where he would have to ie-
main incapable of servi •< , uni'-s-: by fa\oriti.-m
he could be put on h1.' \ < of a! •-r'n< e p v . 1 nstead
of havmg'n piaclce of ! liar hmd, ! \v .u!d i::\e;«
permanent sy?-teui of it tnvmcnt by r be j 'j •• n\
and the S'nuJe. There i-\ ther' lo'v f no i— no
danger arising how a pennon system, \\ hi' h. m
my judgment, is not fully guarded-.gain:.-. by ihe
provision as suggested.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Pu-ident, T do not
wish to consume time m urineee-sai y debate, and
therefore I shall not reply to 1 he renin iks of the
Senator front Virginia [Mr. Hnvmi] nor;] tin*
amendment which he proposes to offi r MjalJ
be presented. Put my fta-nd from Ohio [Mr.
Pur.if] offers an anvndment winch, my examina-
tion of it mduees nm to ask the Senate not to
adopt. The bill of the committee already pio-
vides that 6*the President s-hall be. and lie is
heiebv , authorized to tiansfei an officei at- his
own uquest from the active list to the reserved
hst when, in h.s jou^m'-nt, ihe public interests
require it." Now, lei us take the ca^.e of <t t*<-111-
mander m the active list of the Navy. Suddenly
his business requiring him to remain on Mane,
desiring to avail himself of this opportunity, !><•
prefers his claim to the l*'esi/i'-w. Undei 'he
bill of the committee, the PuMdent takes into
consideration wbethei ihe p.tl;li<* mteiests u ill
admit of los witlidrawal from the active list, and
nf tin Pn Sid< nf thinks so. he wjjl put the officer
oa the reserved list. Tin* provision throws
around the withdrawal of an officer from e<'ti\e
serve e tiie discretion of the President with le-
srard to the public inteiests. Now, rhe pi opposi-
tion of the Sun.tor from Ohio is thai, wbenver
an officer shall make a request of the Piesahuit,
without an v* regard to the public interest, whether
he be entitled to be taken from the acti\e list
or not—whether he has evei seived the country
ot not—whether he be m advanced age or not,
but simply ac -ordnig to the convenience of the
officer iiiMiafm:;' the request, when he shall
make request i.i writing, ihe President may, at
his discretion, nominate sue]; officer to the Senate
to be retired from active serv ice on leave of ab-
sence oi furlougn pay; and on confirmation of
such nomination by : fie Senate, the name of such
officer shall be placed on a reserved list, and he
shall be witluhfiwn from active service and com-
mand, and entitled to receive leave-of-absence
pay, according to the nomination.
There are three classes of pay: the active pay,"
the retired pay, and the furlough pay. I do not
see any advantage which can be possibly gained
by this proposition. I do not think the Senator
from Delaware had his attention called to the
provision of the bill of the committee which I
have read, when he originally drew up this prop-
osition. I concede at a glance that, whenever an
officer on the active service list feels himself in-
competent to do his duty, he should not be dis-
missed, but the Government should take care of
him in some form. It was with that view that
the committee introduced the provision to which
I have referred, that the President, m his discre-
tion, whenever the public interest would permit
it, might withdraw the officer from the aebve list
without a nomination to the Senate, and transfer
him to the reserved list.
Mr. BAYARD. That is the difference in prin-
ciple between tin' two piopositions. The honor-
able Senator wishes to leave this discretionary
power of placing officers on the reserved list in
the Pie.sident alone. I think the Senate is abranch
of the executive power, and the Senate ought to
confirm that action..
Mr. MALL0R.Y. I think that, when you
require that responsibility of the Executive, it is
placed in the proper hands. I think the Presi-
dent, the commander-in-chief of the Army and
Navy, having these things immediately under his
eye, is a great deal better judge of the competency
of an officer, of his efficiency in e\eiy point of
view to perform his duty, than the Senate can
possibly be. The Senate must go to the Depart-
ments in order to get there the knowledge on
which the President acts.
Mr. BAYARD. J do not doubt his being a
be'ier judge, and he must, initiate the proceeding
and select the officer; but, sir, our system is one
of checks and balances, and my object in requir-
ing the confirmation of the Senate is m accord-
anee with your oiiginal Constitution to limit the
arbitrary character of discretionary power.
Mr. iUTTLPR. Mr. President, there are a
£rea! m my propositions before the Senate, and I
sh th end< a\ or to leeoncile mv ^elf to vote for that
which seams to me to come to some uniform prin-
ciple I ii no point of view can J go for the amend-
mwjt offered by my friend from Ohio, and pre-
pared by mv ftiend from Delaware. So far as
k^shition by both Houses of Congress is con-
c>rned, to say who shall and who shall not bo
retired, 1 beheve that is perfectly within the com-
petency of the Legislature, but both Houses
must concui. So far as regards the power of the
Pre*,dent to detail this man for one duty, and
that man fur another; to select one man for active
duty, and retire another, in his own discretion,
I behove it to be constitutional. But where does
tin.' po ver come of the President, the commandei-
iii-ehief, to divide with the Senate the responsi-
bility of tWfe disposition of the naval forces? If
you aie to have a system by which the officers
are to hold their lights, it must be a legislative
system. I cannot understand that the Senate
alone have any right to say whether this man or
that man shall be retired. 1 cannot see where
that power comes from. It is dividing with the
President a responsibility which is constitution-
ally exclusively vested within himself, or if you *
choose to have a system of laws, both branches
of the Legislature must concur in them. That is
my judgment.
Now, sir, in my opinion, before we can move
one step, we should know who are in the Navy.
Lei us suppose, for example, that eighteen men
have been dropped, and on a review of their
cases it should be decided that half of them should
be restored. Are they not to be restored in statu
quo, before we undertake to countenance or rec-
ognize the promotions? There are eighteen, and
ten of them ought to bo put back; why not put
them back before any others are promoted r Why
ptomote others over their heads, when you have
admitted that they are not entitled 20 such a cen-
sure? Put them back where thefy were befote
this tribunal, and then make your promotions.
I insist upon that, if there is to be a tribunal of
review, that review shall put ihem in then right
places before you place anybody over their heads.
That is no more than right. I do not know who
are in the Navy until that tribunal shall have
pronounced on the vacancies. The amendment
prepared by my friend from Delaware, and offered
