JO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
The board of visitors, authorized by act of
Congress, has been appointed, organized, and
are faithfully and cheerfully discharging their
appropriate duties. The institution has been
opened under favorable auspices, and bids fair to
be one of the first in the country.
The Washington Infirmary also claims and
merits attention. It is under the management of
some of the most distinguished physicians of this
District, who gratuitously labor in it to alleviate
the sufferings of those under their charge. The
annual appropriation made by Congress enables
it to relieve many non-resident paupers who are
suddenly seized with disease in this city. At [
this time eighteen are provided for, but the num-
ber could be increased to forty by doubling the
usual appropriation. This is demanded by the
increase of that class of strangers visiting the
citv and requiring such aid.
The Penitentiary is so planned and constructed
as not to be well protected against fire, or the
escape of bold and ingenious convicts. Its in-
debtedness has been paid; the contract system
partially adopted, and the strictest economy and
accountability established.
The act of 3d March, 1855, provides for ten
clerks in the office of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior,in addition to the chief clerk. In consequence
of the large increase in the business of the De-
partment, that number has been found to be so
insufficient as to render it necessary to transfer
to it, under the authority contained in the same
act, one clerk of the fourth class from the Gen-
eral Land Office, and one of a lower grade from
the Pension Office. '
While such transfers have supplied the want
nere, they have, at the same time, to a similar
extent, weakened the offices from which they i
have been made. J
Under these circumstances, it is better that
authority be given for the appointment of two
additional clerks in this Department—one of the
third and one of the fourth class. j |
In this connection, I beg leave to recur to the '
compensation of its chief clerk. The proper dis-'
charge of his duties requires talents of a high
order, great intelligence, and much experience. !
Three of the other Departments have, besides !
chief clerks, assistant secretaries, each of whom I
receives $3,000 per annum, whilst his salary is
only #2,200. Knowing the amount and value of j
his services, I hesitate not to say that his com- !
pensation should, in justice, be equal to theirs, j
which is not too large. It matters little by what i
name he is designated, as it would not change
the nature of his duties.
The House resolution relative to the prepara-
tion and printing of the mortality statistics of the
seventh census has been executed, and it is hoped
this will close that work.
toIJ16 te,nth section of the act of 3}st August,
1852, making appropriations for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, requires all bal-
ances of appropriations, of more than two years'
standing, to be carried to the surplus fund, ex-
cept in certain specified cases.
On the 30th of June last a minute examination
was instituted, to ascertain what balances were
liable to the operation of that act, in order that
the same should be disposed qf, as required by
it. Balances were found under fifty-two heads
MW24fiU?r TTUTg m '^'fcgwgate to
&3oJ,246 16, of the character designated and nn
longer required for the service of the Jfcmrtment
ftnd W8re duly Carried t0 aargHw
It is confidently believed that, by the practice
of rigid economy, the expenditures during the
present fiscal year will be kept within the appro-
priations, and leave a considerable surplus appli-
cable to the service of the year following The
h*~bl™■ -
In his capacity as trustee for the Indian tribes
®ecret,a7 of the Interior, for the time being,
is required to hold m trust a large amount of se-
curities belonging to the Indians, to collect the
interest; on them from time to time as it becomes
The stocks so held amount, at the present time
in the aggregate, to *2,098,879 82, ajd the eola-
tion of the interest on so large a principal is at-
tended with much labor and care. Formerly,
this was done through the agency of banking-
) houses, but since the 1st July, 1853, such agency
! has been entirely dispensed with, and the collec-
tion made by this Department. m
The amount thus collected to the present date
is $313,199 52; all of which has been promptly
placed in thtTreasury, as soon as realized, with-
out any abatement on account of expenses.
In making these collections, much aid has been
afforded the Department by the assistant treas-
urer at New York city, the director of the Mint
at Philadelphia, the pension agent at Baltimore,
and the financial officers of the State of Virginia,
! at Richmond.
In the Indian Bureau, everything has been
done which an able and honest discharge of duty
could accomplish. Its operations, during the past
year, have been large and important, embracing
a very great extent of country, and nearly ail
the Indians within the boundaries of the United
States. With the exception of a few tribes, the
i Indians have been well disposed, and anxious to
j cultivate and preserve friendly relations with us.
| Several important treaties have been made, and
LOthers equally so will soon be ready for submis-
| sion to the Senate. Those already in force are
j numerous and of varied character. Many of
j them contain objectionable provisions and stipu-
1 lations, which the Government was compelled to
, insert at the Indians' own urgent solicitation,
: being the production of the vicious influences i
which too often surround them on treaty occa- !
sions. It therefore requires great care and wis-
dom to execute them properly. Every exertion
has been made to effect this, and though as much
has not been accomplished as was desirable, yet
it is hoped a better state of things has been intro-
duced.
The late Commissioner of the General Land
Office was deputed to join the Superintendent of
I Indian Affairs in Wisconsin, in order that his
j superipr knowledge of the land system might be
made available in the settlement of the various
and complicated questions involved with the
, Stockbridge and Munsee Indians. A supple- !
j mental treaty was made with them, which has
I since been disapproved by the Superintendent,
; and, immediately after it was executed, by the i
j Commissioner, for reasons contained in his able
report, herewith transmitted. Although persuaded
that all was done that could be, under the circum-
. stances then existing, yet, from a perusal of the
treaty and report, and other reliable information,
| the stipulations were not considered beneficial
j either to the Government or the Indians, and
J therefore renewed efforts are being made to ar-
i range more satisfactorily the pending difficulties
I In order to adjust the unsettled matters existing
between the United States and the Choctaws
and Chickasaws, and also between these two
tribes, a tripartite treaty was made early in the
pft^t wimmer, which, if assented to by the coun-
cils of the e tribes, and ratified by the Senate, will
produce much good in that section of the In-
dian country. Besides allaying the anxiety, and
removing the embarrassments that have so long
disturbed and distracted these intelligent nations,
it will open up a large portion of the Choctaw
territory for the introduction and permanent loca-
tion of the southern Camanches, Wichitaa, and
other southwestern tribes.
The law makes provision for the survey, in
Kansas Territory, of Indian lands under the
treaties of 1854; and where the net proceeds of the
fcnds ceded are aphorized to be paid over to the
Mwans, the President is required to cause said
or such part thereof as he may deem
proW, to be valued and classified; and, when
such ^Wtion and classification shall have been
be^ffer°^tSatKfaCti,?n'lt0 Cau8e such lands ^
town -ale' by3leSal sub^visions or
town lots, at such time and places, and in such
quantity, as t/him 'shall appS ,
proper Atd necessary to carry out faithfullv thp
stipulations in said Katies. I am adviseTthat
[ *1 A Prerecltiisit.es have been completed
stipu^bn^ZstS7adhTedetothat ^
Many of the Texas Indians are being gathered
Qn tjie reservations set apart in that State for
them, and are conducting themselves with marked
propriety. These reservations are too small; still,
for a time, they may answer a good purpose.
It may be proper for Congress to extend over
j them the laws regulating trade and intercourse
!; with the Indians, as their application may be
found ne.cessary.
The Indian agents are instructed to reside
amongst the tribes, so as to be constantly present
to advise and aid thenj. It is often impossible to
' ascertain whether the instructions are faithfully
I complied with, owing to the remoteness of the
' agencies. The rule, however, has thus far oper-
i; ated well, ^nd will, it is believed, be of much
i service to the Indians. My own opinion is, that
it would be far better to have fewer agents, and
to give a compensation to each suitable to the
condition and cjrcumstances of his position, so
j as to bring into requisition the character, ability,
I and peculiar fitness so much required.
Tne distance of the Indian Bureau from the
different tribes of Indians is so great, that fre-
quently it is very difficult to obtain correct inform-
ation about them, more especially where the
agents are careless or remiss in the discharge of
their duties. The present commissioner has vis-
, ited many of them, at much inconvenience; but
by so doing has acquired a great deal of useful
information. I believe it would be advantageous
to the Indians and the Government, to provide
11 for an officer, to be attached to the bureau, whose
! duty it should be to visit the superintendents,
agents, and tribes, examine into all their affairs,
' and make such general and detailed reports as
: would enable the office to correct abuses, and
submit such suggestions as, if adopted, would
; have a tendency to ameliorate the condition of
the Indians.
The facility with which many of the chiefs,
headmen and warriors are overcome by the temp-
tations to which they a,re subjected, and thus
induced to sign important papers without under-
standing their object or purport, has been pro-
ductive of much evil. They are not generally
corrupt, bi)t become the supple tools of cunning,
designing men. , Indians aje addicted to drinJcing
and gambling, and these passions are ministered
to by many of the traders and evil-disposed per-
sons. The cash system of payments is the root
of most of the evils that befall them. To abolish
| it has been the constant effort of the Department;
but its success has been only partial, owing to
the powerful resistance of the traders. If a well-
regulated system could be introduced among them,
by which they could obtain, at cost price, what
would be, under fixed rules and regulations,
deemed essential to their comfort, and all the
licenses were withdrawn from the traders, a
stronger hope of their civilization and domestica-
ion might be entertained. The license system
is ani incubup upon all heaUhfud action in their
behalf, and, until abandoned, will continue to
demoralize and degrade them.
„ 4" mr,S^Ple ar,d,efficient civil and .criminal
code should be provided for them, and a cordial
cooperation of the States and Territories in which
they are located invoked. The slightest conflict
, of jurisdiction or policy leads to disastrous con-
sequences, and should be sedulously avoided.
tor some of the tribes permanent homes have
been established, and many of the Indians have
contracted habits of industry, sobriety, and econ-
, .7 , effect of this upon the whole is very
Their numbers are
T"*" of the
nf the Past year> many of the tribes west
moit had to conteild with the
most untoward circumstances, and it is really
nfwtpH "v^ luat have not been Utterly dis^
pirited. Yet they have, under the severest ad-
versity, exhibited a degree of fortitude and for-
tb-ra-f well worthy the imitation of many of
the whites, who boast of their superior moral and
mental culture. Few of us would, so unresist-
ingly, have permitted ourselves to be unceremo-
niously thrust from our homes and deprived of
our fire-sides. They are incessantly pressed by
