16-22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 14,
moral turpitude, but I doubtif any tribunal ought
to have cognizance of general morals.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] seems to lose sirfit of the fact that
we are now investigating the claims of men to be
put into the-Navy. We have no right to subject
these men to a trial. They may have committed
all the offenses known to the act of 1800; but we
have no right to prefer charges against them, be-
cause they are out of the Navy. They are not
subject to be tried by court-martial. They are
only amenable to the civil courts of the country.
How can you prefer charges to try sueh men by
court-martial? We are now investigating the
question whether they shall be put into the Navy;
and the point is, whether a man who has no claim
to moral character shall i>e put into the .Navy?
These men are out of the Navy. They cannot
be put back without some action. I say they
should not be put into the Navy unless they have
mo/al fitness. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have agreed with the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] to pair
off with him on questions connected with this
bill, and therefore I shall not vote.
The .yeas and nays were taken; and Mr. Biggs
recorded his vote against the amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. When the Senator from Texas
[Mr. Houston] was about leaving the city, he
desired to know if I would " pair" with him on
this question, as he wished to go home to visit
his sick family. I agreed to " pair off" with him.
That has been nearly three months ago, and I feel
some difficulty as to the course which I should
take m regard to this matter. At the time I agreed
to his proposition I did not expect that it would
extend as long as three mouths. I have concluded,
however, that as no definite time was fixed at the
period when I made the arrangement, I ought not
to vote. I voted without reflection, just now, on
this amendment, and I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to permit me to withdiaw my
name, because the Senator from Texas may labor
under the impression that the arrangement ex-
tends as long as he remains away.
There being 110 objection, the vote was with-
drawn.
The result was announced, as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, llay.ird, Butler, Ciittenden,
12van«, Foot, Hunter, Tverson, .Tones of TriiiHV^rr,
Mason, Pearce, i'ratt, Fusil, Toombs, Wade, and YVeller—
17.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Bell of Now Ilamp^hne, Boll
of Tennessee, lienjamin3 Bigler, Brodhead, Brown, Clay,
Dodee, J)urkee, I'Vssondmi, Fish, Fii/ip.imck, Foster,
Hamlin, James, Mallory, Ketd, Sebastian, Slide!),
Trumbull, and Wilson—:i3.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. I propose an amendment to
the first section, to insert after the words, " the
court of inquiry," the words, " to consist of
three, officers of the Navy, to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy; three officers of the
Army, to be appointed by the Secretary of War;
and three civilians, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident."
M y object in offering this amendment is to pro-
vide for a majority of disinterested peisous to
constitute the court of inquiry. I know it, is said
that o/iicers of tiie Navy aie better qualified to
judge of the fitness of their brother ofecets titan
othi rs. iiv this amendment you will linve .1
sufficient number of officers of the Navy to fur-
lush the necessary naval information wluch may
be desired; you will have officers of the Army,
who have a general knowledge of the duties of
the JXavy; you will have three civilians, totally
disinterested, who, after hearing the testimony,
are a,-, competent to decide the "merits of a case
ofijm kind as naval officers themselves can be.
t The great advantage, however, to be secured,
is the confidence, of the country 111 the disinter-
estedness of the majority of the board. One great
oojection whidi has been urired everywhere
against, theaction of the late board has been, that
tiiey were interested in their own decisions.
Lnder the provisions of this bill, the Secretary is
authorised to form a court of officers of the Navy
generally; and it is almost impossible, in the
nature of things, that y0ll (;a„ select a court
having no interest, either directly or indirectly,
in tne question. % selecting them in the mode
proposed by my amendment, you will be certain
to have a tribunal wholly disinterested upon the
question, which, in my judgment, will be better |
able to arrive at a correct conclusion, and will '
secure a greater amount of the confidence of the
country—will be more impartial than any other.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I offer this amendment as an
additional section to the bill of the committee:
Jind be it further enacted, That so much and such parts
of the said act of the 28th of February, 1855, as provide
" that vacancies created m tiie active list by placing officers
011 the retired h-<t shut! be filled by regular promotion in
the order of rank and seniority." and all other parts, of said
act which may authorize promotions m tiie Navy be, and
the same are, hereby repealed.
On this point, Mr. President, the whole ques-
tion may be said to rest. If any gentleman will
take up the Naval Register for this year, or for
any year from the last war until now, he will find
that we have, had more captains and commanders
than we have had any use for, and since the ac-
tion of this board there are nearly double the
number of commanders—I take that grade for
illustration—on leave of absence that there were
before. This must necessarily be so from the
natjre of the case. A number of commanders
have been promoted to be captains, and some few
moie of them have been put in fancy positions.
I will take the case of Captain Du Pont. He was
a commandcr on the light-house board, one of the
greatest abuses in the Government He is now
there as a captain in the same place where he was
before as a commandcr. You find that there are
thirty or forty commanders more on the leave-of-
absenso list than there were before. The whole
matter is very apparent. You have displaced two
hundred and one officers. Forty-nine were put
out of the service; one hundred and fifty have
been promoted. You have more now than you
had before. The constant cry was based 011 the
idea that you could not employ those you had;
and now it is sought, merely for the purposes of
the naval officers, and against the interests of the
country, as 1 have before shown, to keep these
men m their positions.
My friend from Louisiana said the other day j
that he could hardly argue this question with me, I
because 1 am apt to become excited upon it. j
JMr. Piesident, I am indignant at it; but 1 can I
say that 1 have neither brother, nor brother-in- i
law, nor any human being with one drop of his i
blood in my veins, collaterally, by affinity, or |
consanguinity, who gets benefit or injury from j
tins bill. I did not know by sight ten human !
beings affected by the law of 1855, either way, j
when it was done. During my sen ice in Con- !
gross, for eleven years, I do not know that 1 ever '
broke bread with three of them. But, sir, I saw
the principles of civil liberty lying at the foun-
dation of all governments setat naught by a secret
tribunal of interested judges, fifteen men called I
together on a bill, which they aided to get through ''
this House. Tu defiance of ail justice, of all J
right, and, I say,as of the fundamental principles
of libei ty cvcrywheie, they tried their comrades, 1
condemned them, and took their places. I did j
become indignant, and J thank God 1 am in- 1
dignant at such injustice, and I hope I shall ever
remain so. I will never trample under foot these
great fundamental principles of public liberty. I
will stand here against ten, against fifteen, against
twenty, against any number of men, until 1 can
make public opinion lie heard within these walls
or at the other end of'lh" C.'jpitol, until justice ik '
done, and 1:0'man condemned and punished in
tins country without a hear.ng. j
This is my excuse for whatevcrfeelings I may
have exhibited here. It is a just indignation at
the grossest and basest injustice that"ever was
perpetrated under the forms of law. This bill 13
an attempt to consummate it by penni tt ji"- men
whom you do not want, men whom you cannot
employ, men whom < very body knows you have 1
no use for, though you may figure it out, and giie
them fancy places 'to remain in high rnak. The ''
highr&t officers m the Navy, many of those who
have done si rvice to the coiiiiijy. (huso wh" '
hive been promoted by the action of this board, ,
declare that this is unnecessary, and that it is
sinking at the very foundation of the efficiency
of' the Navy.
Sir, we are told that we should restore peace to
the iYavy. ^ You never can restore it in this gen- \
eration. Since this act has been done by this !i
board, there is no peace in the Navy You can
only look to justice—the peace is broken forever,
and you cannot restore it. I desire to do justice-,
but if I canno.t do it, I ask the American Senate
to protect the country. There is no constitutional
power in the way here. The act of 1855 said-
one of the most fatal clauses in it—that the vacan-
cies which might be created under it should be
filled by promotion according to rank and seni-
ority. I say, repeal it,and the promotions all fall.
Ilepeal it, because the country does not want it.
Repeal it, that you may not have your Navy
clogged up again for the next five or ten years.
The very evils which you attempted to remedy
you have aggravated. Repeal it, and leave the
Navy, as I have shown you, with thirty-four cap-
tains, declared, even by this tribunal, to be fit for
the service of the country, when you know you
cannot employ more than fourteen of them at sea
now. There is but one object in opposing the
repeal, and that is to give promotion to some, a
portion of whom, at least, do not deserve it.
Then I offer this proposition in behalf of the
country. Whatever may become of the officers
who have been thus treated—whatever may bo
the judgment of the Senate as to them, I ask it*
behalf of my country, that you shall not clog up
the naval service with a vast expense, and that,
too, founded on this act of injustice, which is
wanted for no other reason than to enlarge the
enormous patronage of the Federal Government.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the yeas and nays
are taken, I will simply say that I have made an
accurate calculation of all the officers of the Navy
required under present circumstances; and I do
not concur, as I can easily satisfy the Senate—I
think I have done so before—in the statements of
the Senator from Georgia. I think he is totally
in error as to the number of officers now required.
The question being taken bv yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 28; as "follows:
YEArf—Messrs. Adains, Blight, Butler, Crittenden, Doug-
hty, Evans, Foot, Hale, Ivcrson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mci^on, Toombs, Wade, Weller. and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brodhead,
Brown, Clay, Claytou, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Fi.-li,
Fiupanick,Foster, Geyei, Hamlin, Hmiter, Juhn&on, Mal-
loiy, iVarce, Pratt, Pu b, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Tfmeey, Trumbull, and Ylllee—98.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend tiie bill by
striking out all of the third section after the word
" respectively," in the fifth line. This is to take
| away the power of the President to transfer offi-
j Cera from the furlough list to the half-pay list. X
I believe it was the intention of the original act that
j nine tenths of the retired officers should be on the
I furlough list. I do not wish to allow the Presi-
! dent to^ive full pay to the officers on the fur-
I lough list. The words which I propose to strike
j out are:
! And the President shall he, and lie i;>, hereby author-
ized. I>y and wjtli the advicc a.?id consent of the Senate, to
| tiaiu-tW any olheer iiomthe furlough to the received piv
i li-u; and that so much ot tne act of iVbniary <28, 1&V>. eu-
J titled * Am fict to jnoiuote the f-Hjcipucv of jiie as
j renders iserved ojticetx iri^npable of pionmtion.be'. ami
I tiie ■-•amc I-; hereby, tepenled
| The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
! Mr. BIGGrS. I have had occasion before, ? Ir.
' President, to state that I was a friend to the geii-
. era! principles intended to bo attained by the pas-
sage of this bill; hut 1 am very desirous to see it
peifected so as to yee it as huh1 objectionable as
; possible. One of the objections against it is, that
it makes a temporary increase of the S'avy. I
think it is very evident, from the provisions of
' tne bill, that it is to make a temporary increase of
the number of officers. IXow, it occurs to me,
from what I have heard, and the investigations
which have been made m this Chamber, and the
investigations which 1 have pcisonally made, that
as fir as captains and commanders are concerned,
s:xty-eit;ht 111 the 011c case, and ninety-seven la
the other, are at present too lurtre for a peace es-
tablishment.
It lifts In e; here that we. do not require ia
n peace establishment, in active service, more
than fourteen captains. It is proved that is the
extent of the number of captains in active sen
service. We require some nine otheis 011 shore
duly. Twenty-three in active service is there-
fore the wiiole'number of captains now required
The number authorized by law" is sixty-eight.
I think this is too many.
