tlkM-
December 13,
• POST ROUTE BID.
On motion by Mr. IVERSON, it was
• Kexolvetl, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a joint resolution correcting the error alleged to
exist 111 the bid of the contractors on route, No 6303.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to extend the western boundary line of
the State of Iowa to the Missouri rivei", and
A bill to continue the improvement of the Des
Moines and the Rock river rapids, in the Upper
Mississippi.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making grants of
land to the State of Louisiana, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in that State.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the improvement
Of the harbor of Newark, New Jersey.
Mr. STUART gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill for the improvement of the harbor at
Grand river, on Lake Michigan;
A bill for completing the harbor at Black Lake,
on Lake Michigan;
A bill for improving the harbor at Kalamazoo
river, on Lake Michigan;
A bill for improving the harbor at South Black
river, on Lake Michigan;
A bill for completing the harbor at St. Joseph,
on Lake Michigan;
A bill for completing the harbor at New Buf-
falo, on Lake Michigan; and
A bill for improving certain harbors on Lake
Superior.
ARRANGEMENT OF MEMBERS OF COMMIT-
TEES.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I am requested to
bring before the Senate the consideration of the
arrangement of the members of committees. It
was the intention of a majority of the Senate that
the members should be arranged on the commit-
tees according to the order in which their names
stood onmucn the larger proportion of the ballots.
The list of names thus arranged is already in the
Secretary's office. It has been the practice of the
Senate heretofore to control this matter. I hold
in my hand the Journal of one year, where I find
this entry:
"On motion of Mr. Sevier, and by unanimous consent,
" Ordered, That the members of committees be arranged
rs follows:"—
And then it proceeds to name all the members
of committees. I trust the Senate will now come
to a resolution directing the Secretary to arrange
the members of committees agreeably to the report
in his office. That report contains the names of
the members in precisely the position which they
occupied in the prepared ballots.
The PRESIDENT. It has been the practice
heretofore, according lo the examinations made
by the Secretary, to give to the members of a
committee places next after the chairman accord-
ing to the number of votes received. Whj'n the
Secretary applied to the Chmr yesterday evening
to determine the point, he staled that it would be
better for him to follow the practice of the Senate.
In doing that, it appears he has change!} the
programme as presented by the Senator from
Michigan yesterday. Of course, it is a matter
which is under the control of the Senate. Any
order they make will be conformed to by the
Secretary.
Mr. CASS. It will be observed that the list,
as put on the Journal by the Secretary, deranges
the position of old members of committees, and,
without reason, puts new members above them,
which has an appearance not very agreeable to
them, and may be misapprehended by those who
do not understand the cause of it.
Mr. SEWARD. "What is the honorable Sen-
ator's suggestion for a remedy ?
Mr. CASS. To arrange the members of com-
mittees as they stand in the report in the Secre-
tary's office, which is precisely as they stood on
the ballots put in by the majority.
Mr. SEWARD. I have nothing to say in
relation to it. To me, it seems to be a very small
matter. I do not know how the Senate can take
notice of the form of a part of the ballots that
were given, and reject the others. It is entirely
immaterial to me; but I would suggest to the
honorable Senator, whether the better remedy
would not be to allow the committees themselves
to make th e arrangement when they meet. They
undoubtedly will all assent to that course which
is proper. For myself, I am quite desirous to
take the place which may be assigned to me by
my colleagues on the committees on which my
name stands.
Mr. HALE. I hope the usual course that has-
been pursued heretofore will be pursued now.
I suppose that the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan m making this move, as he intimates, to
relieve the feelings of some gentlemen, must have
had me in his eye, [laughter,] for I find that I
am put at the tail end of the Committee on Public
Buildings. The Chair will recollect that a few
years ago the state of my political health was
such that I was not fit to go on any committee.
Mr. CASS, (to Mr. Hale.) You have im-
proved since then. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; I think it indicates
progress; it shows that I am so improved that I
am fit to be at the tail end of the Committee on
Public Buildings. [Laughter.] I am perfectly
content, and I hope I shall be allowed to remain
there. ,
 Mr. CASS. The committee, to which the
honorable Senator alludes, on which he stands,
was one of those not balloted for, but for which
I proposed a list. If it had been balloted for, I
do not know how the honorable Senator would
have stood upon it—perhaps at the head of the
committee. I know, sir, this is not a very im-
portant matter; but the world is made up of
small things, and I know that some gentlemen
of the Senate feel aggrieved at the position which
they have \>ecn made to occupy. It looks, to
their constituents at home, as though they had
been lowered in position in the committees, and
others put above them who ought not to be. As
to myself, I have, of courso, no particular inter-
est in the matter. *•
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan make any motion in reference to this
subject'
Mr. CASS. Ye ,sir; mymotion is that mem-
bers be arranged on the committees agreeably to
the report in the Secretary's office. The Secre-
tary knows the report referred to. It has been
sent down to the printer, I understand, or I should
have it hero. Thu names stand there precisely
in the older in which they stood 011 our ballots.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, there have
been some very material changes made from the
arrangements agreed to by the majority of the
Senate. For instance, Mr. Mason was placed at
the head of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and Mr. Douglas has uniformly occupied the
next position 011 that committee, and has conse-
quently been the chairman in the absence of Mr.
Mason. Now, those who had an agency in
arranging these committees desired tiuit Mr.
Douglas .should be the chairman of the commit-
tee in the event of Mr. Mason not being able to
attend. Instead of that, however, the name of
Mr. Clayton is placed after the chairman. He
is an old member of the committee; and there is
none better qualified for the position of chairman,
it ts true, than that Senator; but a majority of
the Senate desired that Mr. Douglas should
occupy the precise position which he occupied
during the last Congress. The same may be said
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. A majority
desired that Mr. Mallory should bo chairman,
and that Mr. Thomson, of Now Jersey, should
occupy the next position, in order that he might
be chairman if Mr. Mallory were absent. By
the arrangement the Secretary has made, Mr.
Fisn—a very competent man, of course, in all
respects, for that position—would be the chair-
man in the absence of Mr. Mallory; but such
was not the desire of those who voted yesterday
for these committees.
_ The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remark,
that the change made by the Secretary results
from the fact that the gentlemen mentioned re-
ceived a higher number of votes than any other
members named on the committee; and, accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate hitherto, the gen-
tleman receiving the highest number of votes has
been assigned a place next the chairman. It js
in the power of the Senate, clearly, to change the
result. A majority of the Senate can control it,
of course.
Mr. SEWARD. I do hope we may come to
the end of this matter. It seems to me not to be
of sufficient importance to detain us long. I hope
the motion of the Senator from Michigan will
prevail and will be unanimously adopted. The
majority ought to have the power, as they have'
the responsibility; and if through any misap-
prehension their will has not been carried out
in the disposition of the members~of this body
on the committees, I think there ought to be no
objection to their being allowed to do it in the
way which will be the easiest, and most quiet
and tranquil and satisfactory to themselves.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Michigan
be so good as to state.what " report" he refers
to? What is the report?
Mr. CASS, (holding up a written document.)
There it is.
Mr. HALE. That does not tell anything.
Whose report is it ?
Mr. CASS. Do you want to knowwhat it is.
where it came from, and all about it?
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. CASS. It is a report made by a commit-
tee of Democratic Senators to the Democratic
caucus. As it was not varied from, it was left in
the Secretary's office to be copied.
Mr. HALE. Though we always recognize
such things, it is not common to make them a
part of the records of the Senate, whether they
be the proceedings of a Democratic caucus or of
any other caucus. This motion, as it embodies
that "report," makes it part of the proceedings
of the Senate, and therefore seems to me to be a
departure from the usual course.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish to observe that I
propose to make it no part of the records of the
Senate. I mentioned the report only for the pur-
Eose of identifying it; but now I take all tha-
ack, and produce a paper containing the names
in the order in which it was intended they should
bo placed on the committees. My motion is
that the names be arranged as they stand on this
paper which I send to the Chair. That will ob-
viate the difficulty.
Mr. HALE. All I want is that it shall appear
on record that this thing was arranged by a.
Democratic caucus, that the committees were
fixed there, and now the motion is that we regis-
ter the decrees of the caucus.
Mr. CASS and Mr. WELLER. That is it,
exactly. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to. The proper ar-
rangement of the committees is therefore as
follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chair-
man,) Douglas, Slidell, Clayton, Weller, and
Fish.
On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,)
Toucey, Pearce, Stuart, Brodhead, and Critten-
den.
Ore Commerce—Messrs. Ilamlin, (chairman,)
Dodge, Stuart, Seward, Clay, and Benjamin.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Wright, (chair-
man,) Allen, Harlan, Wilson, and Trumbull.
On •.Agriculture—Messrs. Allen, (chairman,)
Hunter, Wade, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Harlan.
On Military Jlffairs—Messrs. Weller, (chair-
man,) Fitzpatrick, Johnson, Jones of Tennes-
see, Iverson, and Pratt. <
Ore the Militia—Messrs. Houston, (chairman,)
Dodge, Biggs, Thompson of Kentucky, and Bell
of New Hampshire.
On Naval Jlffairs—Messrs. Mallory, (chair-
man,) Thomson of New Jersey, Fish, Slidell,
James, and Bell of Tennessee.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Stuart, (chairman,)
Johnson, Foot, Clayton, Pugh, and Mallory.
Ore Private Land Claims—Messrs. Benjamin
(chairman,) Biggs, Thompson of Kentucky,
Foster, and Wilson.
On Indian Jlffairs—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair-
man,) Rusk, Toombs, Brown, Reid, and Bell,
of Tennessee.
On Claims—Messrs. Brodhead, (chairman,)
Geyer, Iverson, Yulee, Wade, and Fessenden.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Evans,
(chairman,) Reid, Hale, Foster, and Durkee.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Butler, (chairman,)
Toucey, Bayard, Geyer, Toombs, and Pugh.
