1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Rusk,
(chairman,) Yulee, Hamlin, Adams, Jones of
Iowa, and Collamer.
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. Slidell, (chair-
man,) Wright, Jones of Tennessee, Biggs, Bell
of New Hampshire, and Durkee.
On Pensions—Messrs. Jones, of Iowa, (chair-
man,) Clay, Sumner, Seward, and Thomson of
New Jersey.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Brown,
(chairman,) Pratt, Mason, Allen, and Reid.
OnPatentscmdthe Patent Office—Messrs. James,
(chairman,) Evans, Stuart, Brown, Thompson
of Kentucky, and Fessenden.
OnRetrenchment—Messrs. Adams, (chairman,)
Fitzpatrick, Fish, Biggs, and Crittenden.
On. Territories—Messrs. Douglas, (chairman,)
Jones of Iowa, Collamer, Bell of Tennessee, Se-
bastian, and Biggs.
To Jiudit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate—Messrs. Evans, (chairman,) Wright,
and Foot.
On Public Buildings—Messrs. Bayard, (chair-
man,) James, Hunter, Thomson of New Jersey,
Pratt, and Hale.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Fitzpatrick, (chair-
man,) Collamer, and Wade.
y On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones of Iowa,
'"(chairman,) and Sumner. /
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Cass, and Bayard.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES. ▼
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That such committees as were aathonzed to
appoint clerks at the last ses>ion, be authorized to appoint
clerks, until otherwise oidered.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer an amendment to the
resolution, as a proviso:
Provided, No person shall be appointed who holds office
under the General Government.
The object of this proviso is to prevent any one
person holding two offices.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. There is already a law
which regulates that matter, and such an amend-
ment is altogether unnecessary. By the law of
the land no person can hold two offices under the
General Government at the same time.
Mr. ADAMS, The proviso can do no harm.
Mr. STUART. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. It refers to one of those mat-
ters with which, I think, the committees of
the Senate may be trusted. I know that in one
instance, at least, the clerk of one of our commit-
tees is a gentleman who, -when not discharging
the duties of that position, holds a place in one
of the Departments as a clerk, and whose services
it would be very difficult to dispense with, as the
Senator from IViaryland, now in my eye, [Mr.
Pearce,] can testify; and the interests of the
whole country are benefited by this arrangement.
There is a substitute acting for him in the Depart-
ment, while he is performing the duties of a clerk
to one of the committees of this body.
Now, sir, by this amendment thjsie is no policy
to be established which will aid the interests of |
the country in any point of view. I do think j
that the Senate of the United States might be left. I
at liberty to select the clerks of their committees ]
from anybody in the United States, and I hope
therefore that the amendment will not be adopted.
What I have said of the committee to winch
I have alluded is true of one or two other com-
mittees of this body. It is true also in the
other House. The Committee of Ways and '
Means of that House, as well as the Committee '
on Finance of the Senate, have a clerk who, from i
the nature of his education and his position in 1
the Departments, is highly valuable, and whose \
services are almost indispensable in furnishing j
readily and promptly to both Houses of Congress |
the information necessary for them to act upon.
What benefit to the country will it be, sir, to !
have the amendment adopted? I certainly con j
see none; I can see that in the business of the ;
Senate very serious injury \\ ould grow out of it. j
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I do not know j
what the purpose of the amendment is. I do i
not know that there has been any abuse of the \
power of appointing an officer who holds some j
other place under the Government. I do know i
that, in the Senate, there has been one case, m :
which a gentleman appointed as clerk to one of-
the committees of this body, the Committee on
Finance, was, after he had been the clerk of that
committee for some time, appointed to a clerk-
ship in one of the Departments. The committee
found themselves very unwilling to dispense with
his services, Ion®' experience having given him
facility in arranging some of the business of that
committee, which, at certain periods of the year
is exceedingly pressing, and requires somebody
of great experience to assist the committee. We
made an arrangement, by which, while he con-
tinued to hold the clerkship which he had ob-
tained, he could yet act as clerk to the Committee
on Finance, a substitute being found who per-
formed his duties in the Department during that
time. That is the only case in the Senate of
which I am aware, and I am sure that is not an
abuse. He does not get the pay of two offices.
The law does not prevent an individual holding
two offices. That question was recently sub-
mitted to a judicial tribunal, and it has been de-
cided, in Baltimore, by the Chief Justice of the
United States, that a person cannot, by law, re-
ceive the emoluments of two offices, but he may
exercise the functions of both. Such is the law.
There is really no abuse in regard to this matter
in the Senate, and, therefore, I do not see the
necessity of the amendment. It would, I am
sure, subject one committee to inconvenience,
for I am certain it would bo almost impossible to
find a person as well qualified as the gentleman
of whom I have spoken, who has served us
faithfully for several years. It will out him off,
and that is all it will do.
Mr. ADAMS. I never offer a proposition here
with the view of affecting individuals. It is
stated by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuirt,] that great detriment and inconvenience
will accrue to the public servicc of this country un-
less you allow gentlemen to hold two offices at the
same time, that is, if you consider clerkships to the
committees as offices. Now, sir, I think wo have
in this country individuals who can discharge
the duties of clerkships to all the committees
without our being compelled to go to the Depart-
ments, and detail from there clerks with double
salaries. If we cannot, we had better pay an
extra compensation to these gentlemen who can
render such distinguished services to the com-
mittees, and release them from their duties in the
Departments. I think it is wrong to suffer men
indirectly to hold two offices, while our general
law provides they shall hold but one. The Sen-
ator from Michigan mentions several cases. I
heard, perhaps not at the last session, but pre-
viously, that there were a number of such cases
in both Houses. It is not on unusual thing. My
object was not to affect individuals; but I believe
the doctrine of my amendment to be right in
principle, correct in practice, and no reflection
upon anyone. I should dislike to put any of
the committees to inconvenience by depriving
them of a favorite clerk; but if the clerks in the
Departments discharge their duties, and have as '
much to do as they should have, their time will !
not allow them to perform the duties of commit-
tee clerks here. If the committees need clerks, 1
their undivided attention is required. One office ;
at a time I think is enough for one man, when j
offices are scarce, and when there is such a great !
number of applicants, patriots ready to servo '
their country in any capacity, even as clerks to j
committees. When a man has an office in one j
of the Departments, that ought to contcnthim. j
The proposition I have offered is no reflection; ;
at least it is intended as no reflection on any com-
mittee or anvbody. i
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. "President, I cannot vote !
for the amendment of the honorable Senator from ,
Mississippi, and still I wish to say a word on ;
the subject, because it is likely to be nnsappro- !
hended. I think the amendment is not founded ,
in the philosophy of the old fable, which advi^d '
that you retain the present swarm, instead of buy- ^
ing them off and encouraging a new one. But,'
however that may be, the amendment is too :
broad. It prohibits any person who holds any'
place, any land of office under the Federal Gov-
ernment, being clerk to a committee. Now, there ;
are persons in this city who hold office under the
Federal Government, whose pay is very insuffi- ,
cientfor the support of themselves and families— j
the number of them who rise up before my eye !
in imagination is very considerable—to whom
something further by way of support is neces-
sary in these very expensive times. There have
often been instances in which persons holding
small offices under the Federal Government, have
•been employed by myself, and I presume by
other Senators, and paid for services and assist-
ance rendered to us. There has been more than
one instance at the present session where persons
having families to support—large families and
expensive ones—have asked the privilege of writ-
ing out of office hours, by way of enhancing the
provision for their support. This amendment
would cut off all that class of cases, and I really
think there is n§ use in doing so. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I do not
know that this amendment, if adopted, would
reach a practice which I believe has been found
almost necessary here. I do not know that it
would affect the practice which has been resorted
to, of employing as clerk to a committee a cleric
in the Department, who does not draw both sal-
aries, but one having a substitute in the Depart-
ment, discharging his duties there, and taking
that salary. It is in that way alone thatwc have
been able to obtain the services of a clerk to the
Finance Committee, who is, as you know, sir,
an admirable clerk, and one with whose services
we cannot very well dispense. At least, it would
be inconvenient to do so. fie is one whose ser-
vices we should like to secure. One of two
things must be done: either we must allow the
Finance Committee to appoint a clerk during the
Congress, so that we can thus secure a first-rate
officer; or else we must be allowed to continue
the practice which has prevailed for some time
past, by which we get an experienced clerk from
the Department, another taking his place and re-
ceiving his salary there during the time ho was
employed by the Finance Committee. This
course is not, as I believe, in opposition to the
law. One or the other will have to be done. If
this amendment should be adopted, I should
think it my duty to move that the Committee on
Finance be allowed to employ a clerk for the
Congress; that is for the two sessions, continu-'
ously.
Mr. BUTLER. I will make only a passing
remark on this subject. I think the amendment
of my friend from Mississippi is unnecessary. I
have never regarded a clerkship to a committee
as an office. I regard it what lawyers call an
employment—a limited employment, one which
certainly cannot assume the dignity nor have the
attributes of what we would call an office, which
is recognized by law. Why, sir, I should not
hesitate to say that every committee has a right
to dismiss its clerk atany time, and I regard such a
clerkship as mere employment during the session,
and nothing else. I therefore hope my friend will
withdraw his amendment. I think it is unneces-
sary; and if I must speak out, I will say that I
see no reason why we should not get reason and
experience wherever we may find them, so far as
regards the qualifications of a clerk to any of tlio
committees; nor do I think that because a man
has, within the sphere of his experience, more in-
telligence than another, he should be proscribed.
I cannot understand such a policy. 1 know that
there is a disposition to divide ancl subdivide, and
reduce offices under mere names, because it looks
a little like economy; but, on the contrary, my
opinion is that the truest economy is to give higfi
salaries for offices which require intellectual en-
dowments, and thus obtain the very best men.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the law al-
ready existing is very stringent, and it is strin-
gently enforced. No officer m the Federal Gov-
ernment can be employed in two offices, and
receive the compensation of both. On the con-
trary, he is entitled to receive only the highest
rate of compensation for one of the offices, and
for the performance of the duties of oth« rs he is
entitled to no compensation. I approve that law
I approve its rigid enforcement. I know, experi-
mentally, that it has been strictly enforced, as it
ought to be. If that legislation is not sufficient,
let us amend that law, and provide more clearly
and more surely against the employment of pub-
he officers in more than one office. I do not,
myself, deem it necessary. On the other hand,
i think that you may weli commit to the conv
mittees of the Senate the employment of their
