1856.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
Now, I propose to amend the bill, so that,
while wc get thebenefitof the act of 1855, with-
out interfering with the lestoratiou of the present
officers, when we commence the reduction as
proposed in this bill, and get down to the present
limit, we may go still furtherdown, till wc reach
the number of fifty captains and seventy-five
commanders. I think that will be an ample
number for all the purposes of a peace estab-
lishment.
The second section provides that there shall
be no further promotions or appointments in any
grade after the restoration shall have been made,
until the number of captains and other grades in
active seivice shall have been reduced to the
number now prescribed by law. 1 propose to
strike out all after the word "until," and insert,
<s the number of captains in active service shall
be reduced to fifty; the number of commanders
to seventy-five; and other grades to the number
nowprescribcd bylaw."
I do not propose to alter the lower grades, be-
cause I am informed, and believe, that it is not
necessary to reduce them—that the number now
prescribed by law is not too many; but I think
the captains and commanders ought to be re-
duced when we commence a system of reduction
for a peacc establishment, until we reach fifty
captains and seventy-five commanders, which, I
think, will be an ample number.
Mr. HUNTER. If we pass the bill of the
Naval Committee, increasing the existing estab-
lishment, in the first place, and then add to it the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina,
that there shall be no promotion until the number
be reduced below that which is required by the
existing establishment, the chances of the junior
officers for promotion will be worse th^n before
we had the retired list. It seems to me that, if
the two provisions be adopted together, it will
be hopeless for a junior officer to expect to ob-
tain promotion at a time when it can be of ser-
vice to him, or to the country.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment of my
fnend from North Carolina is based on the pre-
sumption that the officers m the higher grades are
too numerous; and he specifies the captains and
commanders. I should like to know from my
friend what number of captains he considers
sufficient to perform the duties now required of
that grader What is his basis of calculation?
Mr. BIGGS. My basis of calculation is what
has been afforded me here in the Senate. I believe
that the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs himself has stated that we only require
fourteen captains at yea at present. Then we
need captains to command navy-yards; and I
believe there are only eight or nine of them.
Fourteen and nine are twenty-three; so that but
twenty-three captains are needed m active ser-
vice, in tune of peace. * We hnve sixty-eight
captains; we have, therefore, three times as many
as are required in active service. It seems to me
that fifty is a number amply sufficient. If we
only require twenty-three in active service, tlie
margin from twenty-three to fifty is amply suffi-
cient to provide for all casualties, and for peculiar
circumstances in regard to the particular charac-
ter of officers to their stations.
Mr. MALL011Y. I hope that any attempt to
reduce the force of the Navy will be made at
some other time than the present. My friend
from North Carolina is mistaken as to the num-
ber now on duty. There are nineteen captains
now on shore duty, so that there are thirty-three
captains actively employed, and that number will
be increased from year to year as the necessities
of the country are increasing, particularly on the
Pacific coast. The Secretary of the Navy, in
his annual report at the last session and at the
present session, called on Congress to furnish
twenty-five hundred more men for the Navy.
These men are absolutely necessary. If Congress
shall furnish them, there will be thirty-eight cap-
tains employed. The grade of captains scarcely
embraces a man under sixty yeais of age, and
therefore disabilities for activ: service in that
grade are more numerous in pioportton to the
number than in any other giade in the Na\y.
For this reason we want the grade moie numer-
ous, in proportion to the sr^vK-e, than any of the
lower grades. I do noith;uk at present itAvouid
be ndvisahio 10 decrease them, if it be Anind so,
I Gtr^'-est thai we i-houlu refer the matter to the
Navy Department, to furnish Congress with the
reasons for reducing the number of this grade.
We should not act advisedly by reducing the
number of captains now. We have not the in-
formation before us to act accurately on that
subject, and what information we have would
induce us not to decrease the grade.
If the men are given that the Secretary of the
Secretary calls for, theie will be seventy com-
manders in service—now there are sixty-nine; and
there will be three hundred and ten lieutenants—
there are now two hundred and eighty-one in
active service. I see nothing in the state of
the country now which would justify us in re-
ducing the Navy.
Another reason is, that we must regard these
officers in our Navy as a mere nucleus. We have
no Navy whatever in comparison with other mar-
itime nations. If we were called upon in an
emergency to supply captains to our Navy, we
could not do it; they are the growth only of half
a century; expei tence has shown that we cannot
create a naval captain in a day. Even if a few
could be actually dispensed with, in active ser-
vice, we can spare this money from the Treasury
to have them ready for any emergency. I trust
my friend will not press Ins amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. I certainly have no disposition
to embairass the hill; but it is a very forcible ar-
gument agamstthe bill that by it, indirectly, you
arc increasing the officers of the Navy. It is very
forcibly argued that, while you are thusincreasing
the officers of the Navy temporarily, the active-
service list is comparatively a small number com-
pared with the large increase which you have
made. It seems to me that the amendment which
I propose will commend this bill to the favorable
consideration of many of those who might not be
otherwise disposed to favor it. Here, from the
necessity of the case, you are compelled to have
a temporary increase of the officers. That, as a
matter of course, will increase the expenses of
the naval establishment. Then, when you com-
mence reduction under the provisions of this bill,
it seems to me you ought in that reduction to go
as far as piudem.e v. ill allow. What is that?
Why, sir, the chairman of the committee pays
there are now nineteen captains on shore duty,
and fourteen at sea, making thirty-three. That
is his calculation. I should like to know whether
or not many of the places now filled by the nine-
teen captains of whom he speaks could not be
just as well filled by commanders r That is my
idea, after the investigation which 1 have given
the subject. AH the captains we need are those
in command of squadions, which amount to only
fourteen at the outside, and those in the com-
mand of the navy-yards, which do not amount
to more than nine more, making twenty-three al-
together. I m-ike these suggestions as a fnend
of the bill, believing that they will commend it
to the consideration of many of those who are
not disposed to favor it. When we are increas-
ing, as we do by this bill increase, tempoianly,
it is true, the number of officei s, and consequently
the expenses of the naval establishment, 1 ask
that, when we go about decreasing and bringing
it down to the present standard, we t-hall go to a
reasonable and prudent limit m reducing tiie un-
necessary officers in the Na\y.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me, sir, that our de-
bates are proceeding upon the assumption made
by the Senator from Georgia, that is to say, we
remember that wc have got a Navy to take care
of, but wc forget that there is a country for
the Navy to seive. I remember—I think it was
when Mr. Graham was Secietaiv of the Navy—
he actually recommended, in one of his annual le-
ports, that wo should build ten additional sloops
of war; and what do you suppose the reason as-
signed for doing so was? To give employment
to the lieutenants! We had got so many lieu-
tenants, with nothing for them to do, that his
idea of an amendment of the Navy was, that we
had better build ten additional sloops to give em-
ployment to the lieutenants. Then, if we had
happened to get one or two sloops too many, we
should have had to get four or five more lieuten-
ants to take care of them; and if we had kept on,
p: rhaps there would have been a constant increase
of both of them. I utteily despair of getting the
Senate to come to my ideas on this subject, but
I will throw them out for what they arc worth.
1 would dismiss every officer in the Navy, and
when I wanted a naval officer, I would do just
exactly as is done in the jnerehant service—gb
into-the market arid get the best man. They
have better and more competent meninthe mer-
chant service than in the Navy. I would not
stop there. I would sell every navy-yard, and
then when I wanted a ship constructed, I would
have it built as Collins has his ships constructed
—by private enterprise. Then you would not see
what you now see, your splendid floating palace,
Merrimac, which we went down to look at some
time ago, at Annapolis, brought home and put
into dock for repairs, before she has crossed
the Atlantic once. Why is this? Because she
was built to accommodate the Navy; not for the
country. That is it; and the whole argument
here proceeds on what we are to do, and what we
are to confirm, so as to affect thcNavy; not how
the Navy can best serve the country.
Now, sir, I confess I am at a loss to know how
to vote on this amendment of the honorable Sen-
atorfrom North Carolina, for this reason: I think
the proposition is, in one respect, a good one;
but it looks to me, in relation to the new promo-
tions, very much like the policy of the old lady,
who lived upon her neighbors all her life, until
by good luck she got a new kettle; and " now,"
says she, " we shall have no more borrowing or
lending." [Laughter.]
Now, it seems that these men are to be pro-
moted—this whole batch are to be promoted—and
put in these high places safely, and then they
begin to be converted, and think "wedo not want
any more increase, and it would be as well to let
us roost here during our lives, and nobody else
shall come up, and we will keep the number at
seventy-five, or some conveniently small num-
ber." After the Navy has served them as long
as it can, and they have been promoted, and en-
joyed these promotions for all their lives, and
their widows are pensioned, they do not think
the public good requires any more promotion I
Does not this very state of things indicate that
the whole thing is wrong—wrong end foremost ?
Wc arc consulting for the Navy instead of the
countiy. The idea that we want one hundred
captains, (we have got ninety-nine,) when by
the utmost ingenuity of the Secretary of the
Navy he can send only fourteen of them to sea,
is to my mind utterly absurd. I know the Sen-
ator from Florida is an ingenious man—a very
ingenious man; but he will utterly fail to convince
any honest and intelligent man that we want one
hundred captains to pick fourteen out of them for
use.
It is said that we want them for shore duty.
What shore duty? To take care of the navy-
yards! Well, sir, I wish you would g$ to the
navy-yards and see what tho commodores have
to do. They are nominally, I believe, the super-
intendents of all the work-shops, and ah the
building of ships and repairs and everything
else. All is done nominally under their super-
vision, and they have to do with it in fact shout
as much as the President of the United States
has. It is all done by somebody else, and ihe
command is a mere nominal thing. So far as
there are any efficient active duties required of a
commodore at any one of these navy-yards, :-''Cy
could all be rendered with advantage by a
whom you could hire for ten dollars a in
There is no fighting to do—nothing cv ;
mere nominal, easy place to put a man_ •.*"* .>
pay him as high a salary as he woula y-
going to sea.
I believe there is a majority of the 'p-
pos< d to this measure, and to the action • .<*>
naval board, but we are going to be defeat •?. i
see it just as plain as day; and we arc gum/ jo
be defeated because we are so very wise that
every maa has a scheme of his own, and we are
not willing to follow anybody. I confess, tor
myself, that I am willing to follow m any lead,
in" anybody's direction, which shall tend to do
two things: first, to do justice to the officers who
have suffered injustice, and next, to do justice to
the country. It seems now to be conceded on all
hands that we are to do the first—that justice is to
be done to those officers who have been unjurtly
removed; or, in other words, we are to give them
a chance for a hearing. But then we are not to
go further, because some other gentlemen who
hare come into their places have had their feel-
ings a little elevated by a promotion that was
- a
ml
U7
