14
Af^EfoDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December
34th Cong....1st SIess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate &i Ho. of Reps.
may be, and often is, that in time of war, or
years of short crops, one nation will import more
than she exports, that is, purchases more than
she sells, for one or more years, and that the
profits of one year go to pay the losses of a pre-
vious or previous years; but no country can af-
ford to pursue an impoverishing trade for a long
series of years. That the United States have
not, is manifest, because, notwithstanding this
excess of our imports over our exports, we have
constantly increased in population, m productions
of agriculture, manufactures, and in all other pur-
suits; and added largely ,year after year, to the fixed
capital of the country. If we consider our imports,
as taken in exchange for our exports, the State
producing the export is entitled to credit for the
import, although the export may have been made
by citizens of other States, or by foreigners, who
paid money for the article exported. Neither the
census of 1840, nor that of 1850, nor any other
data known to the Department, furnish evidence
of the exchange of the productions of each State
with the other States, nor of the amount of for-
eign goods consumed by the people of each State.
It will be seen that the agricultural and manu-
facturing1 productions of all the States and Ter-
ritories, according to the census of1840, amounted
to $1,006,133,599, and that the importation of
foreign goods did not exceed one twentieth of
the amount, whilst the agricultural and manu-
facturing productions, according to the census
of 1850, amounted to $2,012,520,539, and the
importations of goods, not reexported to only
$148,051,575; and if we estimate the succeeding
five years since the census of 1850 to have added
fifty per cent, to our agricultural and manufac-
turing productions, we have $3,018,780,806 of
such productions, $1,583,393,898 being articles
of manufacture, whilst our importation of foreign
foods, after deducting the exportations for the
seal yearending 30th June, 18a5, only amounted
to $233,020,227. This large amount of our agri-
cultural and manufactured productions is con-
sumed in the several States and Territories, except
"what we export, and for which we take in ex-
change an equivalent of foreign productions and
manufactures, also consumed in the country.
These are all considered annual productions, an-
nually consumed, but are not all strictly so, there !
remaining always a stock on hand for the con- (
sumption of the comihg year, which is more or j
less, according to the home and foreign demand;
also some machinery and other articles, that last 1
more than a year. !
If the free list shall be adopted, establishing !
free trade in the raw material, our manufacturers
using this raw material, and thus placed in equal !
competition with thfe manufacturers of other coun-
tries, will gradually aiti more and more possess
themselves of the home market, exclude the for-
eign article, and reduce tlie revenue. Let jt be
considered that we manufacture all our furniture,
all our carriages, wagons, steam-engines, ma-
chinery for our factories and machine-shops, most
. of our leather and shoes, boots, hats, door-butts,
and bolts of all descriptions, bells, balances,
buckles, brads, wood-saws, horse-cards, castors,
curtain-pins, curtain-bands, metal cocks, jack-
screws, curry-combs, do^ods,. candlesticks,
gas-fitungs, and burners, c^ge-mills, cauldrons,
heavy edge-tools, hay and •mahureFqrks, gimlets,
hat and coat wardrobe-hooks, harr^pfal] kinds,
hoes, hollow-ware, planes, plows,md-irons.
to n™, 'ro"s' do?r-knobs, furniture knobs, brass
kettles, locks of all kinds, iron latches,llnesL lan-
terns, lamps, levels, lead, cut nails, clout ria3s
pins,pumps, punches,pokers, sand-paper, rulers',
iron and copper rivets, ropes, rakes, oil-stones,
wrought iron spikes, wood-saws, door-springs,
window-springs, steelyards, scales of all descrip-
tions, steel and brass scales, trowels of all de-
scriptions, spoons of all descriptions, thermome-
tcI'Macks, vices ofalldescriptions, axes,wrenches
of all descriptions, iron, brass, and copper wire,
ari°"g ,of °tller articles, to the exclusion
of the like articles from other countries, and then
take the six articles proposed to be embraced
in the new or addition*] schedule with a duty
ot twenty-five or thirty per cent., and observe
the amount of revenue heretofore derived from
nn/n arU—s' and that expected under the pro-
posed revision of duties, anS examine the Anferi- j
can manufacture and production of these articles,
according to the census of 1840 and that of 1850,
compared with the imports of those years; but
more particularly take the first article of iron
named in the list, and see that the American
production and manufacture for that year was
$60,485,655, and the foreign import of iron and
manufactures of iron for the same year was
$16,333,145, and consider this fact in connection
with our increasing population, and the fact that
each State and Territory, with perhaps one ex-
ception, has more iron imbedded in her hills and
valleys than would meet the most extended use
of the article by her citizens for centuries to
come, and the conclusion is inevitable, that the
production and manufacture of iron in the United
| States, within a very short period of years, will
exclude the_foreign production and manufacture.
Then examine the second article of cotton, in con-
nection with the fact, that already the American
manufacturer is in possession of the home market,
and competing-successfully for the foreign market,
as to all the coarser fabrics, and beginning suc-
cessfully tlie manufacture of the finer fabrics; then
take the third article of wool, and give the same
consideration to the home production in connection
with the foreign import, and the proposed free
entry of the raw material, and so proceed with the
other articles of the schedule; and there will hardly
remain a doubt'of the gradual reduction of the rev-
enue on the importations of all those articles, and
also on many of the articles in the general sched-
! u'e; and if the Governmentshall continue to draw
i its revenues from customs, other articles of taxa-
tion must be resorted to. In order to obtain val-
uable data as to the extent that American manu-
, factures possessed the home market in whole or
in part, to the exclusion of foreign manufactures,
amongst others, letters were addressed to the
Hon. C. T. James and the Hon. Philip Allen, of
Rhode Island. Mr. James furnished most of the
foregoing enumerated articles, and Mr. Allen the
Statement and Letters marked No. 57, and has
allowed me to annex them as part of my report.
They are highly interesting, and tend to estab-
lish the conclusions at which I have arrived.
Most, if not all, of the articles proposed to be in- !
j eluded in the new schedule, and particularly iron j
i and manufactures of iron, and cotton and woolen
j fabrics, are used to about the. same extent, ac- I
I cording to the circumstances of the people, in all
j the States and Territories, and the tariff, or tax, !
falls as equally and fairly upon all sections, as it
is possible to raise revenue from customs. The j
Statement No, 35 shows what the annual revenue ■
upon these articles has been for the last eight '
years, and that the average of the last five years '
has been $3*?,960,313 25; whilst the average of '
the annual revenue from all other articles, except
in Schedule A, for the same time, has only been
$15,/62,258 45. This shows that the necessary
revenue could not.be raised by a tariff upon im- ■
ports, without taking those articles; and it is 1
beliefefl tlje proposed tax of twenty-five or thirty
per cent, upon them would be levied more fairly
and equally upon all sections, than if one rate of
duty was levied upon all importations without
disfcnmination. An examination of the non-enu-
merated articles proposed to be taxed from fifteen
, to twenty per cent, would render it obvious that
; there is a propriety in not attempting to levy the
same duty upon them as upon the articles pro-
posed for the new schedule, because they are not
all of as general use, some being used in one sec-
usedla all0™6 m an0ther' altllouSh some may be
It may be assumed that all duties, to a certain
extent, raise the price of the imported article to
the consumer; and where similar articles are pro-
duced .or manufactured in the country impoiimr
, extent to which the tax raises the
tgejiomc article, it is protective, although
[aw Th V104 Protoc'lon M the object of tie
law. Therefore, a tariff should be levied upon
articles not produced in the country imposin<uhe
x, unless for some counteracting reason. It
may be, and no doubt is, often the case, that the
consumer does not pay {he whole taX!las when
luhm-f'P p,r,0duccr> ^ther than lose the market
caseT,0 a d!mu?ished price; and it is oRen the
case that a reduction of duty does not diminish
the price to the consumer-^ when th. «ipjl£
is not more than sufficient for the markets of the
world, or when an export duty is imposed, equiv-
alent, or nearly so, to the reduction; and a duty
imposed upon the foreign article is often affected
by the state of the currency, particularly when
it is a mixed one of gold and silver and bank
notes.
If Congress had the control of the currency of
the United States—that is to say, could prohibit
the substitution of bank notes for gold and silver
in payment of debts and commercial transactions—
the imposition of duties by Congress would have
the effect to leave the home market to the home
article to the extent to which the tax prohibited the
import of the foreign article, or raised its price.
| An examination of the several tariffs enacted
j in this country, in connection with the increase
1 of banks, banking capital, and bank-note circu-
lation, will afford evidence that the increased
; duty has, almost in every instance, to some
extent, been counteracted within a short time
by the increased circulation of bank notes.
The United States, with its mixed currency of
gold, silver, and bank notes, has been a good
market for the sale of foreign productions and
manufactures; and, in the general, a bad market
for the sale of our own—the foreign article taking
, the gold and silver, the better part of our cur-
' rency, with the increased price given by our bank-
note circulation, and raising our productions to
such a price as not to allow of their exportation,
unless in times of great foreign demand.
In connection with a modification of the tariff
in my first and second reports, a repeal of the
fishing bounties was recommended, for tho rea-
sons stated in the first report. A more perfect
knowledge of the operation of the act satisfies
me that many foreign seamen enjoy its benefit,
and that it is otherwise fruitful of frauds on tho
Treasury, and fails to operate as a nursery for
American seamen. The repeal of the act is again
recommended to the consideration of Congress.
The reports of the First, Second, Third, Fourth,
Fifth, and Sixth Auditors of the Treasury, tho
j Firstand Second Comptrollers, the Commissioner
] of Customs, who acts as Comptroller of the rev-
; enue collected from customs, the Treasurer, Solic-
I itor,and Register of theTreasury, accompanying
this report, and marked from 37 to 48 inclusive,
, give a satisfactory statement of the condition
and operation of their respective offices since the
date of my last report. In my first report it was
ffted, that on the 1st of April, 1853, there was
$13<«,521,154 50 outstanding balance on the
books of the Treasury, and that up to the date
 ifMTinire')0rt t'le amount had been reduced to
1102,021,549 59; and my second report stated
date, had been reduced to
$^7,583,148 62. Since my last-named report, this
been still further reduced to the sum
of #24,739,133 41, which includes all outstanding:
on the books of the T reasury from the organi-
zation of theQoyernmen't to Represent time. Of
ao qi M ® is , er judgmpnt. and
$^,91U,3U6 83 m suit not reduced to judgment
leaving the sum of #12,523,520 U9 in the course
of adjustment and collection, so far as the same
is collectable, by the action of the Auditors and
j comptrollers respectively in charge.
i The Department has made and is making ef-
, forts.to mforce the collection of these outstanding*-
balances, and for that purpose has restored the
former practice of having the collections attended
; l°by the Auditor and Comptroller, whose duty
j it is to settle the accounts in which these balances
; p nt' ?°' considerln? the establishment of the
' _, htAudl'°las ?§ent of the Treasury for the
collection of these balances, followed by the sub-
stitution of tlie Solicitor for the agent, as exon-
erating tlie Auditors and Comptrollers from the
duty of seeing that the suits are duly prosecuted,
collections made, and the accounts closed on their
books. The Sohchor of the Treasury is held to
be an official aid m the prosecution and defense
ol suits, under the direction of the executive de-
partment in which the litigation arises. A letter
from the Department to the President, and his
order, No. 49, upon the subject, accompany this
report, and place the business of the Solicitor's
office, in connection with the several executive
departments, m the proper light for the consider-
auon oi Congress.
