MS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GEO BE.
July 14,
The main question was- then ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire-to inquire if the
effect of' ordering tfre main question will be to out
off the gentleman from-Virginia- [Mr. Edmund-
son].from speaking' on the question ?
Mri GLINGMAN. L object to- any discus-
sion#
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider. the vote by which the main question was
ordered to be put, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on thetable.
« Mr. BENNETT, of New York, demanded the
yeas ,aad nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were.not ordered.
The motion to lay upon: the table the motion to
reconsider was then agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, by unanimous consent,
then addressed the House at length. Hisremarks
will be published hereafter.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohioj under the priv-
ilege accorded to him by the rules, occupied an
hour in defense of the report of the majority of
the' committee. His remarks will be published
hereafter.
Mr. McdUEEN. I move that there be a call
of the-House'.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the
main question has been ordered to be put.
TheSPEAKER then stated the first question to
be on Mr. Houston's- motion to recommit the
resolution with instructions to report the follow-
ing:
Resolved; That the House of Representatives has no con-
stitutional authority to determine what are the privileges of
the Senate, or to pnmsli for their violation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. ,1 wish to inquire
of the Chair to what committee the gentleman
from Alabama proposes to recommit the resolu-
tions ?
TheSPEAKER. To the select committee that
reported the resolutions.
Mr. JONES. I submit to the Chair that there
is no such committee m existence, and a motion
cannot be made to refer a subject to a committee
that is not in existence.
The SPEAKER. If the House should pass
an order recommitting the resolutions to the com-
mittee, it would revive the committee for the pur-
pose of reconsidering the resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the House seems to de-
sire to get'to a direct vote upon this question, I
am willing, if there be no objection, to withdraw
the motion to recommit with instructions.
No objection being made, the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the House
will give unanimous consent to separate in the
second resolution the names of the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] and the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmundson.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wait till we get
to that point.
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
was on the motion of Mr. English, to amend
the amendment proposed by Mr Cobb, of Geor-
gia, by striking out all after the words, " Re-
solved, That this House," and inserting, in lieu
thereof, the following:
Hereby dcclaros its disapprobation of the assault made
by the Hon: I'eeston H. Brooks upon the lion. Ciiaei.es
.Sumner, in tlie Senate Chamber, on the 3Jd day of May,
1806; and me lfoute deems tins a fit oeca-<ion to express
its disapprobation of ihe tKe of lanpuape 111 debate of a
character personally offensive to individual members of
Congress, or to any State of this Union.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire if
that resolution can be divided ?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The motion now is
to strike out and insert, and it cannot be divided.
If it shall prevail, and you come to vote on it as
an original proposition, it can then be divided if
it contains two distinct propositions; but that
question cannot arise now.
The SPEAKER. It is not now divisible.
Mr. CARLILE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 174; as follows:
^llen  Ball* Cadwalader, Carhle. Cox.
o"rer va1s' Dcnvor> Dtmn, Edwards, English,
Hall> Harrison, Haven. Kelly,
Sri s m f U Marshall, Humphrey Marshall,
p 1 S ' S!mU! M"!er> Millson, Mill ward,
fmi,h v ^ar'  ®e4ie' KJcaud, William r!
ymth, Svvope, 1 nj'pe, iudenvood, \?aii; and Zollieoffer—
NAYS — Messes. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour,;
Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Ben-
son, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee,
Bradshaw, Brahch, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingaine,
Burnett, Jaiftes H. CanHp1>6H, John P. Campbell, Lewis.I).
Campbell, Carathers, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Clark, Claw son, Clingman, IloweMCobb, Williamson R.W.
Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin, Craige, Crawford,
Cullen,Cuttib'ack, Damreli, Davidson,Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, Dc Witt, Bifck; Dickson-, Dodd; Dutfee, Edie, Elliott,
timrie, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Goode, Grander, Greenwood, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris* Thomas L. Harris,
Hickman, Hoflowav; Thomas R. Horton; Valentine B.
Horten, Houston,"Howard, Huglistori, Je'wett, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Gianey Jones, Kelsey, King; Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Letter, Letoher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Matteson, Maxwell, MeCarty, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, i
Packer, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Powell, Pringle, Purviance, Cluilman,
Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing, Roberts, Robison, Ruffin, Rust,
Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott? Sherman,
Shorter, Smimons* teatfttiel A. Smith, William Smith,
Sfieed, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Talbott,
Tappan, Taylor, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Traf'ton,
TVjSon, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker,
Warner, CadwaladerC. WashUurne, Eilihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Welch, Wells^
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Window-j Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—174.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Flagler had
been called home by the illness of a member of
his family.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL stated that Mr. Valk
had been called from the House by the indispo-
sition of a member of his family.
Mr. HOFFMAN stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, made a similar
statement.
Mr. CADWALADERsaid that he should vote j
against the substitute if adopted as an amend- j
nient, but as a substitute he voted for it. j
The question rceurrcd on Mr. Cobb's amend- \
mcnt, to substitute for the resolutions reported by i
the committee the following: |
Resolved, That this House has no jurisdiction ovor the '
assault alleged to have been committed bv the Hon. Pre*?- 1
ton S. Brooks, a member of this House from the State of ,
South Carolina, upon tiie Hon. Charles Sumner, a Sen-
ator from the State of Massachusetts!; and therefore deem
it improper to express any opinion on the subject.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 145; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Atken, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S. Ben- 1
n^tt, Boeoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch. Burnett, Caruthers, ■
UowpII Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, i
Davidson. Denver, Dowdell, Elliott. Eu«lis Faulkner, 1
Florence, Foster, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W.
Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. i
Jones, J. Gianey Joi)P<?3 Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lmdley, j
Lumpkin, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Mordecai Oh- !
ver. Orr, Pheips, Porter, Powell, Q,uitman, Ready, Rivers, •
Ruffin, Ru^t. Sandidgo, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel
A.Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Stephens,Talbott, Taylor, :
Tnppe, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—66. !
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour, <
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Rrenton, Broom, Buflinton, Burhngame, 1
James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cailile, Chaffee. ;
Rayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Chngman, Colfax^
Comins, Covode, Cox, Craein. Cullen, Cumliack, Damiell, '
llcury Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, DeamDe Witt,
Dick, Diekcion,Dodd, Dunn, D!irfee,Edie, Edwards. Ernnc, ■'
English, Etheridge, Evans, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbeit, j
Granger, Grow, Robert B.Hall. Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Hickman. Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas j
R. Hotton, Valentine B. Ho'rton, Howard, Hughston, Kel- i
sey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,' Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Sam- '
iiel S. Marshall, Matron. MeCartv, Meacham. Kilhan !
Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Milhvard. Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton^ Andrew Oliver, ■
Packer, Parker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike/Pringle, Purviance, Purvear. Reade. Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Robert®, Kobi=on, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, '
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William R. Smith.* Spinner, ,
Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Svvope, Tappan, Thonngton, '
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, V.uL Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron. Cadwalader C'/ Wash- '
burne, Ellihu B. Wa-shburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, '
"Welch, Wells?, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, and Zolhcoffer—145. ■
So Mr. Cobb's amendment was rejected. j
Pending the call of the roll, j
Mr. HOFFMAN said; I desired, Mr. Speaker, |
to have submitted some remarks in explanation !
of my vote; but oil account of the seconding of !
the previous question, all debate has be£n cut
off. I now ask the consent of the House to have
my explanation printed in full.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it be stated
that the speech was filed and not delivered here,
I hare no objection. But I intend to object to
publishing speeches purporting to have been de-
iivfcre'd"liei:&' which were not delivered.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I suppose that the
gentleman's statement now will be reported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's statement
will be' repbrted in the proceedings.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Then I suppose
that that will show that the gentleman's speech
was not delivered here.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
The question recurred on the resolutions re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. WHITNEY. I askjfor a division of the
resolutions.
The first resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Pre&tom S. Brooks be, and he is forth-
with, expelled from this House as a Representative from
the State of South Caroiina.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered-.
The question wad taken, and there were—yeas
121, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brcnton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlingame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragui,
Cumback, Damreli, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie,
Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert. Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hugh-
ston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCaity, Meacham, Kilhan
Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Parker, Pearce,
Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Pur-
viance, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Suinton, Stran-
ahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, Vail, W7ade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wasliburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, 'Welch,'Weils, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodworth—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
walader. Carhle, Caskie,Chngman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Edmun'dson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris. Thomas L. Harris, Hainson, Hous-
ton, Jewetr, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly,
Kennett, Kidwoli, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller. Mill-
son, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, R'iody, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust,
Sandidge, Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William 11. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Underwood,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Winslow, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—95.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
resolution was not agreed to.
Pending; the.call of the roll,
Mr. HARRISON said: I have prepared some
remaiks explanatory of the vote which I am now
about to §ive; and, like the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hoffman*,] I ask the consent of the
House to have them printed.
Leave was granted.
Mr. SAGE stated that his colleague [Mr. Flag-
ler] had been unexpectedly called home in con-
sequence of sickness in his family, and that if
he had been present he would have voted in favor
of the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDSON said: I hesitated when
my name was called; but as this is a separate
and distinct resolution with which my name has
no connection, I vote " No.'5
Mr, BROOKS. I rise to a privileged question.
Up to this time, Mr. Speaker, I have felt the
propriety of remaining silent, trusting to my
friends, who have more ability and learning than
myself, to defend me. I have felt that other
interests were involved than those afFccting me,
personally, in this matter. I have felt that the
rights of my constituents, the rights of members
on this floor 
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. I understand the gentleman
frttoi South Carolina to have risen to a privileged
question. I want to know what that privileged
question is?
