18
appendix to the congressional globe.
[December 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
the Territory, and retired to the limits assigned
Service in Indian campaigns, though little cal- .
culated to excite the military ardor of the soldier,
is attended by equal hazard, and even by greater
privations, than belongs to warfare with a civil-
ized foe. The gallantry, zeal, and devotion of
both officers and men have been repeatedly, with-
in the last year, put to the severest test, and they
have on all such occasions equaled the anticipa-
tions which past conduct warranted, and have
renewed their claim to the gratitude of those
■whose flag they bear, and in whose service they !
have suffered. The unusual extent of the oper- !
ations above detailed has necessarily caused large
expenditures, which must exceed the appropria-
tions made for the ordinary wants of the military
service—an incident to which appropriations made ,
upon estimates prepared so long in advance are
always subject. I j
My attention has been recently called to the ;
practice, in the settlement of accounts at the
Treasury, of charging sums due in past years to
the current appropriations. It is deemed prefer-
able that the settlement of old accounts should j j
be provided for by appropriations for arrearages,
and that the practice above referred to be checked,
since, so long as it prevails, the appropriations
for current expenses must prove insufficient, and
deficiency bills be the necessary consequence.
In my last report 1 suggested several measures
which I deemed necessary to preserve and in-
crease the efficiency of the Army. i J
The principal of these was a revision of the !
laws regulating rank and command, and those
fixing the organization of the Army. In relation
to the evils then shown to be inherent in the
present system, I need only say that additional
experience has demonstrated their existence more
clearly, while it has given no reason to distrust
the advantages which were hoped from the
changes indicated. That the right of command
should follow rank by one certain and determin-
ate rule; that officers who hold commissions which
entitle them to the command of troops, should
not, at an early period of service, be placed per--
manently in positions on the staff, which afford ! j
no opportunity for increasing military knowl- !j
edge, or confirming military habits; that troops];
organized, equipped, and necessarily employed ;!
for the same service, should not be divided into !i
different arms; that those serving on foot, with j]
regimental organization and bearing muskets or ,'
rifles, should not be divided into artillery and
infantry, nor mounted men armed and equipped
alike, be divided into dragoons and cavalry—tnat ;
Engineers should not be divided into two corps,
with a nominal distinction of Engineers and
Topographical Engineers, though their acquire- '
ments, capability, and duties are so entirely alike,
that it has been found necessary to adopt an ar-
bitrary rule assigning to each apart of the duties
of both—these propositions are the basis of the !
principal recommendations submitted in my last 1
report. They appear too clear to me to naed to be !
enforced by argument, and I hope the evils which j
the bare statement of the facts expose will not be
suffered to exist after the subject shall have secured '
the considerate attention of Congress.
A measure scarcely inferior in importance to
those which relate to tank, command, and organ- ,
ization, is that which has in view to increase the I
efficiency of the Army by retiring from active 1
service those officers who are no longer capable of
fulfilling its requirements; but as their profession
affords little opportunity for attention to personal
interests, and as the very low rate of compensa-
tion allowed for their services indicates that it
was fixed in connection with the idea of a per-
manent tenure, it would scarcely seem to be just
abruptly to discharge them without any provision
for the future. Nor would such course be con-
sistent with the gratitude due to those who, amid
the dangers and privations of military life, have
been disabled by many years of faithful service
or by wounds received in battle. As, however,
the claims of individuals must always be subser-
vient to the public good, so nothing can justify a
system which retains men in office for which
theyhave become disqualified.
.When age, wounds, or other casualties of ser-
vice stripped an officer of the power to discharge
the duties of a station which in earlier life he
adorned, a just consideration for his own fame,
and a due regard for the public welfare, demand
that he should give place to one whose mental and
physical activity is equal to the station, and who,
stimulated by early promotion, would not fail to
emulate the honorable fame of him whom he
suceeeds.
As one of the recommendations intimately con-
nected with this subject, I have to renew that
made in my former reports, for an increase of the
compensation of Army officers and a revision of
; the laws respecting their allowances.
j That this measure has failed heretofore to secure
the attention which is, in my opinion, due to it,
I attribute to the misconceptions which are gen-
eral as to the amount of the pay and emoluments
of a great majority of officers in active service.
In the present condition of the laws regulating the
pay and allowances of officers, some may, under
certain circumstances, receive much larger allow-
ances than others, and, indeed, more than the
nature of the service justifies; and these, which
are but exceptional cases, have given rise to a
general impression that the compensation of the
officers is much higher than it actually is. Per-
haps the error would have been less prevalent
were it not that their compensation is made up
of many items, which vary according to circum-
j stances, and render it difficult to compute the
| amount in all cases with certainty; but whenever
j the subject shall be fully considered, the result
will, I am confident, show that the officers of the
Army are, on the average, less liberally compen-
sated than those who pursue any other occupation
demanding equal capacity and acquirements.
I also renew the recommendation that the pro-
visions of the act of August 4, 1854, increasing
the pay of the rank and file of the Army, be ex-
tended to all enlisted men, some few of whom are,
by the military signification of the words used in
that statute, excluded from the benefits that were
probably intended for all who come under mili-
tary obligations by enlistment.
I commend to consideration the representations
of the Surgeon General respecting the necessity
[ for an increase of the medical corps. Such in-
| crease is required in consequence of the subdi-
vision of our troops; and as the want of medical
officers renders necessary the employment of
citizen physicians, often at a higher compensation
than that of a surgeon of the Army, the new ap-
pointments would be attended with no additional
expense. I therefore recommend the adoption of
the measure. •
I concur with the Gtuartermaster General in
recommending the addition of five military store-
keepers to his department. At present there is
but a single depot of clothing and camp and gar-
rison equipage, and as the supplies for the whole
Army have to be dispatched therefrom to each
company, the distribution can only be made at
long intervals, and consequently in large quanti-
ties, so that the companies are embarrassed in
their movements, and the expense of transporta-
tion is increased by the large amounts of stores
which they have to take with them. With five
depots, properly located, the distribution could be
made more frequently, and in small quantities; the
troops would thus be less incumbered with bag-
gage, and the expense of their movements would
be diminished.
By the seventh section of an act in addition to
the several acts for the establishment and regula-
tion of the Treasury, War, and Navy Depart-
ments, approved May 1,1820, it is provided that
no land shall be purchased on account of the I
United States, excypt under a law authorizing
such purchase. Although the steady progress of
our frontier westward, and the advance of our
military posts with it, have rendered it frequently
necessary to abandon old sites and occupy new
ones, the prohibition to purchase land has not,
until recently, been the cause of much embarrass-
ment, since the troops were operating in territo-
ries where nearly all the land was already the
property of the Government. In Texas, how- i
ever, the case is different. There this Govern
ment owns no land except such as it may have
acquired by purchase for specific objects, and the
greater number of our military posts stand upon
the property of private persons or of the State.
' Embarrassments have arisen from this cause; and
I have therefore to recommend that the act above
cited be so amended as to permit this Department,
under such limitations as Congress may deem
proper, to purchase such land as may be required
for the sites of military posts.
I have again to ask attention to the necessity of
legislation to authorize this Department to sell
useless military sites. Two statutes have been
enacted for this purpose, but neither, according
to the cotemporaneous construction given them,
is applicable to the largest class of cases that now
1 embarrasses the Department. According to that
! construction the act of March 3, 18i9, (3 Stat.
! 520,) applies only to sites then in the possession
' of the United States, and tjiat of April 28,1828,
! (4 Stat. 264,) applies only to land conveyed to
the United States for military purposes, neither
including reservations from the public domain
which were not occupied as military sites on the
3d of March, 1819. Owing to this omission,
1 when the troops find it necessary to abandon a
j post of this description, the Department cannot
j sell the land upon which the buildings and im-
j provements of the abandoned post are located,
] but can only sell the buildings to be torn down
! and removed, and of course the price obtained
: bears no proportion to their value. I hope that
authority will be given the Department in such
cases to selj a portion of the land with the build-
ings, and use the proceeds for the establishment
of new posts in such advanced positions as it may
be necessary for the troops to occupy.
| In transmitting the annual report of the Board
i of Commissioners of the Military Asy lum for the
past year, I take occasion to transmit also their
! reports for three preceding years, which were
made annually to this Department, pursuant to
: regulations, but which have not been heretofore
j forwarded.
1 The view which these reports give of the results
] of the institution, does not fulfill the anticipations
which were entertained at the time of its establish-
ment. Although early means were taken to give
notice of their rights to all entitled to the benefits
of the asylum, by orders published in the army,
and by handbills sent to every post office in the
United States, yet the aggregate number of in-
mates of the several branches of the asylum was,
at the dates of the respective annual reports, fifty,
seventy-three, seventy-seven, and eighty-seven;
j in addition to the last number, six men, having
i families, were receiving relief without being quar-
tered at the asylum. In the mean time, the
i treasurer's accounts show that the net receipts
| were $490,140 17; that the cost of sites, buildings,
! furniture, stock, &c., was $280,183 75; and that
the amount of current expenses was $91,314 19.
J If to the current expenses of the several branches
1 there be added interest on the cost of buildings,
&c., the average cost of maintaining each inmate
will be found to exceed $500—an expen§e so great
as to indicate the propriety of seeking some proper
mode of effecting a reduction.
_ The buildings on the site near Washington
city, with the addition thereto now far advanced
towards completion, will probably afford accom-
modation for one hundred and fifty men, a num-
ber greater than that which, judging from -the
past rate of increase, will seek admission into the
asylum for many years to come.
The branch which was established in 1852, at
East Pascagoula, Mississippi, hasS been a ready
discontinued, and the same measure is deemed
advisable with regard to that at Harrodsburg,
Kentucky. This branch was founded at a heavy
charge upon the asylum fund, and is maintained
at an expense much exceeding the advantages
conferred upon the disabled soldier; but as it was
established in consequence of the provisions of '
law contained in the Army appropriation acts of
August 31,1852, section 18, and of March 3,1853,
section 14, the propriety of declaratory legislation
in the case is suggested.
I would again call attention to the propriety of
additional legislation, which shall place the wid-
ows and orphans of the officers and soldiers of
the Army on an equality with those of the officers
and sailors of the Navy.
I also again invite attention to the necessity of
legislative provision for the more prompt settle-
ment of the accounts of disbursing officers, by
