1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will not interrupt.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Brooks.) The gen-
tleman from South Carolina will state for what
purpose he rises.
Mr. BROOKS. I am going on to state it, and
■will do so before I conclude.
Mr. DUNN. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the gentleman from
South Carolina be heard. Certainly, such a
courtesy ought not to be refused.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has not submitted that request.
Mr. DUNN. I submit it, then, for him.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I can only say that for one
I should not object, but that I object to everything
out of order.
Mr. DUNN. Then I move to suspend the
" The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina stated that he rose to e privileged ques-
tion. He will state what that question is.
Mr. DUNN. I move to suspend the rules m
behalf of the gentleman generally. This is the
day on which that motion may be entertained;
and I trust that the House will entertain it, and
extend to the gentleman from South Carolina the
privilege which he asks.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to read from the Manual,
at pages 37-'8.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would like to make one
I inquiry of this House. This morning, when the
previous question was called, there was an under-
standing, on this side of the House at least, that
any gentleman implicated in this matter should
be allowed to speak during the progress of this
case. Now, I submit that, although consider-
ations of delicacy may have restrained the gen-
tleman from South Carolina from speaking to the
vote taken on his own account, it is proper that
he be heard now. And I protest, in the name of
truth and of justice, against any objection which
would silence the gentleman when he desires to
rThe SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
stated his request.
Mr. HOUSTON. The request has been stated
for him. ,
Mr. EUSTIS. I distinctly understood that
the gentleman from South Carolina should have
the privilege of addressing the House; and I, for
one, consider it a gross violation of the decencies
of life to deprive him of the privilege of speaking.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit this point of
order: that the gentleman from South Carolina
having risen to a privileged question, and being
in the act of stating to the Speaker and the House
the purpose he had in rising, and not having con-
cluded that statement, it is not in order for the
gentleman from Ohio, or any other gentleman of
the House, to object to his proceeding; and I
submit that, with great deference to the opinion
of the Chair  .
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it com-
petent for the gentleman from Ohio to raise the
Question of order which he has raised.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understood my colleague
on the other side of the House [Mr. Nichols] to
say that it was the understanding that the gentle-
jnan from South Carolina was to be at liberty to
sneak after the previous question was exhausted
and the matter settled.
Mr. PHELPS. No; pending the question.
Mr. NICHOLS. Such is my understanding.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would not have interfered,
but that it struck me as being out of order for
us to sit here and listen to what is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. From the com-
mencement of the discussion, which is closed to-
day, I, as chairman of the committee, uniformly
said that I would not ask the previous question,
or final action on the propositions which have
been recommended, until all the friends of the
parties implicated, and particularly the parties
themselves, had been heard before the House.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Brooks] having on Saturday, from some delicacy
of feeling which was not explained to me, stated
that he did not want, to impose-upon the House
anv remarks, I do trust that, in view of all the
circumstances, my colleague will withdraw the
objection. We remained hereon Saturday eveia-
in<* until nine o'clock, hearing this discussion;
and now, when the party most vitally'interested
in this matter appeals to be heard, I do think he
ought to be permitted to speak. I appeal to my
colleague to withdraw his objection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I regard it as my duty to
object to anything out of order.
Mr. DUNN. I submit a motion to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
previous question on the resolution, and has in
part executed the order under the demand for the
previous question, and it has not been the prac-
tice of the House to suspend the rules in such a
condition of business.
Mr. DUNN. Then I move Jo reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman
from Indiana cannot make that motion. He did
not vote on the prevailing side of the question.
Those of us who voted on the side that prevailed
can make the motion to reconsider. I under-
stand that the previous question yet bears on this
whole subject; and if I were even to move to
reconsider, the gentleman from South Carolina
could not submit any remarks, because of the
previous question. 1 suggest, then, that we get
through the disposition of the other resolution;
and then some gentleman who voted on the pre-
vailing side can move to reconsider, and can
debate it.
Mr. COMINS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his objection, and let the gen-
tleman from South Carolina proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. DUNN. I adhere to my motion to recon-
sider, if J have'the right to make it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the
question whether the gentleman voted with the
side which prevailed on this question? The Con-
stitution requires a vote of two thirds to carry
such a resolution, and I hold that one who voted
in a majority, but where the majority was less
than two thirds, cannot move to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The name of the gentleman
from Indiana does not stand on the Journal as
having voted with the prevailing side.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to withdraw the ob-
jection which I raised, but I wish to say that my
judgment is as I took my position. My friends,
however, desire me to withdraw my objection,
and I do so.
Mr. BROOKS then resumed, and addressed
the House at length. His remarks will be pub-
lished hereafter.
Mr. CARUTIIERS stated that he was acci-
dentally absent when the last vote was taken;
and that if he had been in the House he would
have voted in the negative.
The question recurred on the second resolution,
as follows:
Resolved, That this House hereby declares its disappro- I
bation ol'the said act ot IIekry A. Edmundson and Law-
rence IvElTTm repaid to the said assault. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask fcr a division of this j
resolution, and that the vote may be taken sep-
^Mr.7WHEELER, and Mr. SMITH of Vir-
p-inia, objeeted to a division.
& Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say to the
House the reason why 1 ask for a division 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio, as the resolution is
in such a shape that it cannot be dividfd, that he
move to strike out the name of Mr. Edmundso.v.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn, for the reason that there is a dii-
ference between the two cases.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to any debate; the ;
previous question has been ordered. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I call for a i
division of the resolution. . j
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be .
divided, as it now stands, without the consent of
the House. The Chair again states that, if there
be no objection, the Chair will state the resolution
in two separate propositions.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say that
I have interposed no objection to this separation.
Mr. SMITH. But I have. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. As a matter of
justice to Mr. Edmcnoson, I hope that no objec-
tion will be interposed to this division. 1 appeal
to the House 
Mr! CRAIGE. l.ask that the; rules of « 
Housc;may be-enforced; No debates-is in order
under the operation of the previous-question. = !|
demand the enforcement.of- the riites., ',
Mr. OR-R. I appeal to the gentleman ;from
North Carolina to allow the vote to be taken
separately upon these-two cases. I think itisdiw
that the vote-should be separately taken9.if -it is
desired. - - • . ; i
Mr. WHEELER- I withdraw ray objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdrawno
objection. -«
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to taow if tkis
question will come up-again -in the morning, if the
-House now adjourns ?
The SPEAKER. It -will come up .as the,first
business in order in the merning. -
Mr. STEPHENS. I move, then, that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I ask, as a matter of right, that
the resolution be divided; and I think, from the
very nature of the case—and on a moment's re-
flection it must appear so to the Speaker and to
every member of the House-—that it is divisible.
This matter is in the nature of a trial upon indict-
ment, and it may appear that one may be found
guilty and the other not guilty. The House,
sitting as jurors, have a right to try the cases and
vote upon them separately.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will state the divisions he proposes, and the
Chair will decide the question.
Mr. DUNN. The division I submit is that
the vote be taken sepai-ately upon each of the
names mentioned in the resolution.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will allow, I
will save the necessity of further difficulty in re-
lation to this matter. Very much against my
will, upon the solicitations of friends around me,
I withdraw my objection. _ ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the principal
resolution has been disposed of, 1 move to lay
the balance upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question again. Is there objection to a division
of the resolution? ,„TT
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, Mr. McMUL-
LIN, and others, objected.
Mr. DUNN. Then I insist upon my point of
order. I think I can make it clear, if the House .
will allow me 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T moved to lay
the resolutions on the table. What has become
of my motion ? ...
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana had the floor. .
Mr. JONES. How can the gentleman from
Indiana have the floor under the operation of the
previous question:? No debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana raised a question of order, and "while he was
stating it, was interrupted by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,} who withdrew the ob-
jection upon which the question of order was
founded. The gentleman from Tennessee then
moved to lay the resolutions on the table; but
the gentleman from Indiana still retaining the
floor, the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see was not received. _ .
Mr. DUNN. Is the proposition before the
House, that the resolutions lie on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion was
not entertained by the Chair. The gentleman
from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES. But the Chair did recognize me
and did entertain my motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle,
man from Tennessee could not be entertained
the gentleman from Indiana still holding.the floor.
Mr. JONES. I again submit that the gentle-
man from Indiana could not hold the floor under
the operation of the previous question. _
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana had the right to retain the floor until he had
stated his question of order. The gentleman fiom
Indiana will state his point of order. . _
Mr DlLNiN" My-point of order is this: that
it is competent for us to take the vote upon so
much of the resolution as relates to Mr. Edmund-
son. and then upon so much of it as relates to
Mr. Kiiir'f. I submit that theresolution is divis-
ible upon the ground that there is a ehargft against'
