1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
34th Gong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
intrusting to a single accounting; officer the audit |
of the whole, instead of requiring disbursing j
officers to render accounts to two auditors, as at i
present. The confusion and embarrassment con-
sequent upon the division of duties, involving in- ;
jurious delays in final settlement, have heretofore i
been brought to the attention of Congress, and it
is hoped that the evils represented wrtl not be j
suffered to exist much longer. I
Under the appropriation made at the last ses- |
sion for the importation of camels, an officer of
the Army and one of the Navy have been directed
to proceed to the East to obtain animals of the
different breeds most likely to be useful in our
climate* By the kindness of the Secretary of
the Navy, a storeship, destined for the Mediter- i
ranean with naval supplies, was placed at the dis- j
posal of this Department to bring in a return
cargo of camels and dromedaries; and from the j
last report received from the officer charged with i
the execution of the commission it is expected I
that as many of those animals as the vessel will I
transport will be shipped for the United States
in February next. Recent inquiries respecting
the use of these animals in the Crimea confirm
me in the belief that they will be found highly
•valuable in the military service in our country.
For detailed information respecting the Mili-
tary Academy, I refer to the reports of the Chief
Engineer, ana of the Board of Visitors herewith
transmitted, which exhibit a satisfactory view
of the condition of that institution. I concur in
the recommendations of the former, for the es-
tablishment of a new professorship, in order that
the chaplain may be relieved of the duties of
professor of ethics and English studies, for the
appointment of an instructor of cavalry, and for
the allowance of light artillery pay to the in-
structor of artillery.
The act of March 1G, 1802, requires that the
corps of engineers be stationed at West Point,
ana constitute the Military Academy, and that
the principal engineer, and in his absence the
next in rank, shall superintend said academy.
By this act the cadets were made part of the
corps, and the whole number of officers and cadets
was limited to twenty. Under subsequent legis-
lation the number of cadets has been increased
nearly thirty-fold; and owing to this extension
of the academy, and to the demand for the ser-
vices of engineers in the field, and on perma-
nent works, the affairs of the academy are mainly
administered by professors holding no military
commissions, and officers detailed from the Army
generally. Thus the post has long ceased to be
exclusively an engineer station as originally con-
templated, and the Chief Engineer himself, under
the act establishing an engineer bureau in this
Department, has been stationed at Washington.
I therefore recommend such revision of the act
in question as will render its provisions consist-
ent with the changes introduced by subsequent
legislation and the necessities of the service.
The sea-coast defenses have, during the past
year, been steadily pressed towards completion
to the extent of the means granted by Congress
for that purpose. In no part of our military sys-
tem is the exercise of wise foresight more neces-
sary than in the prosecution of these works, and
I recommend to favorable consideration the re-
marks of the Chief Engineer upon the subject.
The preparation of the armament for these
works is in advance of the constructions.
The recommendation heretofore made for an
appropriation to commence the fortification of
Ship island is renewed. The importance of
this work, as connected with the defense of the
approaches to New Orleans, and the command
of the inner channel of communication between
the Mississippi river and Mobile harbor, has been
augmented both by the increased value of that
navigation in time of peace, and the introduction
of light-draught war steamers, which would ren-
der this approach still more available for the op-
erations of an enemy than when, in 1814, it was
selecjpd as the line of a hostile descent.
The physical geography of the vast region
drained by the Columbia river indicates that at
some day a great city must arise at the point
which shall become its commercial entrepot. At-
tention has been heretofore called to the necessity
of fortifying the entrance of the Columbia river,
and I would again commend it to attention and
favorable consideration.
For information in regard to the operations of
the Ordnance Department, I refer to the accompa-
nying report of the Colonel of Ordnance, taking
occasion to renew the recommendations I have
heretofore made for an appropriation for arsenals
in Texas and New Mexico, and on the North
Pacific coast, in Oregon or Washington Terri-
tory, as may be found most advisable; also for
a national armory for the fabrication of cannon
and projectiles. My views in regard to the expe-
diency of these measures, as heretofore given,
remain unchanged. The reasons then advanced
in support of the recommendations remain in
full force, and are referred to, instead of being
repeated here.
At the national armories the manufacture of
smooth-bored arms has been brought to a close.
New models for all small-arms-have been adopted
upon the rifle principle, and embracing the im-
provements described in my last report; and it is
expected that the armories will be at work upon
the new arms before the close of the year.
In the mean time, the improved ammunition, to
which mainly is due the increased range recently
obtained by small-arms, has been issued to troops
bearing grooved arms, and its use in actual ser-
vice has fully realized all the advantages that were
anticipated.
Among the new models for small-arms is a
pistol of increased length of barrel, furnished with
an attachment to the stock, which may be instantly
applied, and which converts it into a carbine.
Should this prove as valuable in actual service as '
the experiments now made indicate, no difference
will be needed between the arms and equipments
of dragoons and those of light cavalry; but the
whole, armed with this weapon, will be rendered,
in celerity of movement, equal to light cavalry,
and in combat as efficient as heavy dragoons. It
is thought that this arm will be found also well I
adapted to the use of sappers and miners, of men !
working in'the trenches, and of light artillerymen, j
Under provisions made last year for the pur- j
chase of breech-loading rifles, many samples of
this weapon have been examined, and a number
of various patterns purchased and placed in the
hands of troops for trial in the field. It is deemed
indispensable to subject them to this test before
adopting any as a standard weapon.
The distribution of arms to the militia of the
several States for the current year has been made
according to representation in Congress, as pre-
scribed by the seventh section of the Army appro-
priation act, approved March 3, 1855. In fixing
the quota of the District of Columbia and the Ter-
ritories, which by the act is left to the discretion
of the Executive, it was determined that the Dis-
trict and the Territories should receive the quota
of States having the least representation in Con-
gress. That provision of the act which required
this Department to equalize, as far as practica-
ble, the number of arms distributed to the States,
was executed by issuing from the United States
arsenals to each State and'Territory which had
received less than two thousand stand, so many
arms as would bring their supply up to that
number.
Arrangements have been made to convert arms
of the old model, issued to the States, when
desired by them, into rifled arms of the new mode],
with percussion lock and primer attached, the
expense of the alteration to be charged to the
States, and deducted from their several quotas of
the appropriation for the annual supply of arms.
Under the appropriation made at the last session,
editions of Cavalry and Light Infantry Tactics
have been procured for the militia, and are in
course of distribution.
At the last session of Congress an act was
passed directing the Secretary of War to cause
to be constructed, on a site to be selected by the
President of the United States,- a suitable build-
ing for the care and preservation of the ordnance
and arms, and accoutrements of the volunteers
j and militia of the District of Columbia, and for.
; the care and preservation of the military trophies
of the revolutionary atid other wars, and for the
deposit of newly-invented and model arms for
| the military service, for which purpose the sum
of $30,000 was appropriated. In the execution
of this act a site was selected, and*fc plan and
specification, conformable to the means granted,
prepared, and bids for the work duly invited by
public advertisement. A contract has been en-
tered into, but at so late a period that no progress
has been made in the construction of the build-
n^he work upon the military roads in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota has generally made satisfac-
tory progress. Those in Utah, Washington,
and Oregon, for which appropriations were made
last year, have been completed according to the
plans adopted. Those for which appropriations
were made at the last session in Kansas, Ne-
braska, Washington, Oregon, and New Mexico,
have not yet been put under construction. No
report has yet been received of the completion
, of the necessary preliminary surveys.
! The survey of the Northwestern lakes has
been prosecuted with skill and energy. The sev-
eral parties employed on this work have been
almost exclusively engaged during the past sea-
son in Lakes Michigan and Superior, and the St.
; Mary's river. A large area has been surveyed,
more than a thousand buoys have been located,
i to mark dangerous reefs and shoals, and materials
have been gathered for the minute and reliable
charts so necessary to the navigation of those
inland seas.
The appropriations for river and harbor im-
provements have, with few exceptions, been ex-
hausted or reduced so low as not to be effective
for future operations. Snag and dredge boats are
usually built out of appropriations for special
works; and when, therefore, the fund is expend-
ed, it has been deemed proper to sell such boats,
machinery, and material, and apply the proceeds
for the benefit of the work for which the money
was appropriated. The rapid deterioration'ana
constant expense attendant on the preservation
of boats, does not permit that they should be
kept beyond a short period on the contingency of
future appropriations being made. Under these
circumstances, and for these reasons, the snag-
boats on the western rivers have been sold, and
the amounts drawn for the construction, equip-
ment and repair of those boats from the appro-
priations for the respective rivers, were thus made
available for the improvements to which they be-
longed. And a like course, under like circum-
stances, will have to be adopted in relation to the
. dredge-boats on the northern lakes and coasts of
the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico.
Under the authority given in the Army appro-
priation act of August 4,1854, section five, to use
the appropriation for the removal of the Red river
raft in such way as would secure navigation in
; and around said raft, an examination of the ob-
structions and surrounding locali ty was instituted,
and apian adopted to secure navigation around the
greater part of the raft, through Dooley's bayou;
and an agent, with the necessary machinery, is
employed in its execution.
Reference is made to the documents accompany-
ing the report from the Topographical Bureau,
j for the progress made on the improvement of
i western rivers and lake harbors, the construc-
tion of military roads, and the survey of the
Florida canal; and to the report of the Chief
! Engineer, for the work on the Atlantic and Gulf
harbors and rivers.
The reports of the officers employed under the
appropriations made for explorations and surveys
to ascertain the most practicable and economical
route for a railroad from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean, were submitted to Congress'on
the 27th of February last, with a report from this
j Department, giving a general sketch of the coun-
try over which they extended, a recapitulation of
their results, and a comparison of their distin-
guishing characteristics; from wlfich it was con-
cluded that of the routes examined the most
practicable and economical was that of the 32d
| parallel. A report is herewith submitted from
: the officer in this Department charged with the
! revision of the work of the several parties, and
j I refer to it for additional information, derived
; from materials collected, on a further examina-
tion of them, by himself and the several officers
! who made the particular surveys, as well as for
the results of explorations carried on during
! the past year. When the report was made in
