4630
THE iCONGRESSIONA-L * GLOME.
July 15,
two separate persons. It'is a question-addressed j
to us as jurors trying the parties, and we may
decide that one is guilty and the other not guilty.
Mr. J,ONES. Well, sir, I submit 'that this
question was decided last week in the courts.
This House, now, as a high court, has again tried
the case as a question of privilege; arid if the Chair
now decides that this resolution can be divided,
against the rules, it will be another evidence of
abuse of the privileges of the House. [Cries of
"Order! Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say to
th§ gentleman from Tennessee, that he has al-
ready-made the decision that the resolution can-
not be divided. But the Chair was bound to hear
the question of order submitted by the gentleman
from Indiana. The Chair will call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana to the 53d
rule, under which the resolution clearly cannot
be divided.
The 53d rule was read, as follows:
" Any member may call for the division of a question,
which shall be divided, if it comprehend propositions so
distinct, that one being taken away, a substantive proposi-
tion shall remain for the decision of the House. A motion
to strike out and insert shall be deemed indivisible; hut a
motion to strike out being lost shall preclude neither amend-
ment nor a motion to wtnko out and insert."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that,
under the rule just read, the resolution is not
divisible.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair deciding that the resolution
is not divisible.
Mr. STEPHENS. I again submit the motion
that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. ORR. I invite the attention of gentlemen
on this side of the House, for one moment, in
reference to objections to dividing this resolution.
My colleague, [Mr. Keitt,] who is embraced in
this resolution, docs not desire that he shall be
shielded in any way by being coupled with the
honorable, gentleman from Virginia, whose name
ia also in the resolution. He prefers that the
resolution shall be divided. It is due to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that it should be divided,
and that the question should be taken separately
. in reference to each of these gentlemen. If gen-
tlemen think there is a difference in the innocence
of these two parties, they can then have an op-
portunity of expressing their opinions. I think
gentlemen ought to allow the resolution to be
divided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair submitted the re-
quest, and objection was made, is the objection
withdrawn ?
Mr. CRAIGE. No, sir; I renew the objection.
Mr. SMITH. I thought the gentleman from
Tennessee moved to lay the resolution upon the
table. Is that motion still pending ?
The SPEAKER. It is pending. An appeal
from the decision of the Chair is also pending.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Me&UEEN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay the resolution upon the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question vvas taken on Mr. Jones's motion,
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 96, nays
HI; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Barksdale, Bell, Ilend-
ley ri. Benrititt, liocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwakider, John P. Campbell, Car!ile,Carutheis,
Caskie, Clmginan, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. VV. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Ciawford, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott,
English, Eustis, Florence, Foster, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Mornson Harris, Sampson VV. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Hoftman, Houston, Jevvett,
George W. Jonos, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kemieit, Kid- !
well, Lake, Letcher, I.indley, I.umpkm, Alexander K. !
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullm, Mc- <
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordocai Oliver, Orr, ;
laoicer, Peck, Phelps, Porter,-I'owell, Furyear, Uiutman, [
lveauy, Rieaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust. Kandui^e, Savage, I
Sf'\v;un- Shnrtof i c< .1.   .. t*y , ■
vi'. I ,PA)e> f yso"> Underwood, Vail. Walker, Warnei,
\Y atUm*. yv heeler, Whitney, Winslow, Daniel 15. Wright,
John V. Wught, and ZotUcoffer—96.
Ball, Barbour, Henry
S^Ir °,n' 4l .gilUrst> Kir*gham, Bliss, Bradsliaw,
Brenton, Bufimton, Burhngamej James U-Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard, Clarke', -Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Goimns, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Damrell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, £>e Witt,Dick,.Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Durfee, Edic,"Edwards, Emrie, Galloway, Giddings,
Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall. Harlan, Haven,
Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R. Borton,'Valentine B. Itor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knovvlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCarty,
Meacham, Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andievv Oliver, Parker,
Pelton, Perry, Petfit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchic,
Robbing, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan. Tappan,
Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eilihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—111.
So the House Refused to lay the resokition on
the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BROOM said: Inasmuch as an opportu-
nity to express my views during the discussion
of this matter was not allowed to me, I desire at
this stage of it merely to observe, that I have ex-
amined the testimony reported by the committee,
and do not find in it sufficient to inculpate either
of the gentlemen named in the resolution; and,
consequently, cannot vote to censure them. I
therefore vote to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot vote for the reso-
lution as it now stands. 1 ask that it be divided.
Mr. CRAIGE. I insist on the rules being en-
forced. •
Mr. KEITT. I ask my friend from North
Carolina.to withdraw his objection. I desire that
these cases shall come before the House sepa-
rately. I want no advantage by associating my
name with that of the gentleman from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. KEITT. I desire that the House shall
meet this case openly and boldly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is not in order.
Mr. KEITT. I ask it as a personal favor to
me.
Mr. CRAIGE. I insist on the enforcement of
the rules.
Mr. READY. I move to divide the resolu-
tion; and I call for a division of the question.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
inasmuch as the same proposition is presented in
another form by the gentleman from Indiana.
The Clerk read the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be di-
vided only by unanimous consent, for the reason
that it does not contain two propositions so dis-
tinct that if one be withdrawn there will be a
substantive proposition left.
An appeal is taken from the decision of the
Chair; and the question is, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am con-
strained to differ from the Chair. I think there
are two substantive propositions. [Loud cries
of " Order!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
appeal be laid on the table.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move the House adjourn.
[Cries of " No!" " Withdraw it."]
Mr. SEWARD. I withd raw tlie motion to
adjourn. 55
Mr. CUMBACK. And I renew it.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at half past five
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until to-moirow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 15, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting reports from the
several Departments, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate, of May 30, requesting a detailed state-
ment of the sums which have beeti.paid to news-
papers published in Washington, for advertise-
ments'or other printing, published or executed
under the orders or by the authority of the sev-
eral Departments, since the 4th of March, 1833;
"which was, on motion of Mr. Slidell, ordered
to be laid on the table, and be printed.
* He alkMaid before the Senate' a report of the
Secretary*of War, communicating, in complia^,c|
with a resolution of the Senate*, a copy <5¥ tni
correspondence' between the Adjutant General
and Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Hoffman', resect-
ing the massacre of Lieutenant Grattan and.his
command by the Indians; which was read,.and
ordered to be laid on the table, and be printed^ - •.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of J. Hos-
ford Smith, United States consul at Beirut, in
Syria, praying for an increase of his salary and
reimbursement of expenses incurred by him in
his official capacity; which was- referred to the
Committee on Commerce. • " ■
He also presented the petition of J.- W-? A.
Nicholson, a lieutenant in the Navy,.praying-for
compensation for-services-performed as" master
on board the United States ship Princeton, in
1844 and 1845; which was referred?thfe-Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. * ' ":'-s "
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of'J. W*
Sullivan, praying for indemnity for losses sus- *
tained by him in consequence of repeated-failures :
of the United States mail between New Orleans
and San Francisco; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Ramsay, late a captain in the Navy, who
was dropped in consequence of the recommend-
ation of the late naval board, praying to be re-
stored to his rank and position in tne service;,
which ivas referred to the Committee -on Naval
Affairs. The honorable Senator stated that the
memorial was placed in his hands some time since, *
and had not been presented before through inad- .
vertcnce.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Wil-
liam F. Russell, praying for compensation for-
property destroyed while occupied as amilitary
post by the United States, in Florida; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. v
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of U. M. Hitchcock, exec-
utor of A. R. S. Hunter, on the files of the Senate, be re-
tired to the Committee on Indian Affaits.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill communi-
cated to the Senate by the Court of Claims, of
the 12th day of May, for the relief of Salvador
Accardi, with the opinion of the court in the
case, reported the bill (S. No. 378) without
amendment; and it was read, and passed to a
second reading. The opinion of the court was
ordered to he printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 213) to construe the act en-
titled " An act for the relief of James M. Gog-
gin," approved July 27, 1854, reported it with-
out amendment.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DODGE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 379)
granting public lands to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in the construction of railroads in said State;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
SUPPRESSION OF INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
^ Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoh-esI, That the Committee on Military Affairs bs,
am,! they are hereby, insti ucted to inquire into the propriety
of providing by law for the payment of arrearages due on
account of tne suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida,
between the years 1830 and 1842; and that they report V
bill or otherwise.
ROAD IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senate to proceed
to* the consideration of the territorial bill -which
was laid over yesterday.
