THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Massachusetts lino, praying indemnity for losses
on commutation certificates; which was referred
to the. Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Dorothy Belknap and
RhodaKarnaghan, children and heirs of Captain
Belknap, of the New York line, praying indem-
nity for losses by commutation.certificates'; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of George Dorrance, child
and heir of Captain David Dorrance, of the New
York line, praying indemnity for losses by com-
mutation certificates; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of ComeliaVanTuyl, daugh-
ter and heir of George J. Denniston, lieutenant
and quartermaster in the New York lino in the
^evolutionary war, praying indemnity for losses
by commutation certificates; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
"Also, the petition of Abigail Hoornbeek and
others, children of George P. Frost, deceased,
piaying annuity or half-pay for the services of
their father in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of Martha and Elizabeth
Morrill, children and heirs-at-law of Joseph Mor-
t.ll, lieutenant in the New York line in the revo-
lutionary war, praying indemnity for losses by
commutation certificates; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
' Also, the petition of Francis M. Denniston,
child and heir-at-law of Lieutenant Joseph Mor-
rill, praying indemnity for losses by commutation
certificates; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented a document relating to the
claim of W. Maxwell Wood, surgeon in the
Navy, for additional remuneration for services
as bearer of dispatches at the breaking out of the
war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
A-lso, the petition of Daniel Brown, late a soldier
in the United States Army, praying for a pension
from the time lie was wounded to the time when
he was placed on the pension roll; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of settlers on the military reserve at Fort Atkin-
son, Iowa, praying for the right of preemption to
certain lands; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Caroline Newington,
praying the right of preemption to the land upon
wluch certain public buildings, purchased by her
at Fort Atkinson, Iowa, are located; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of Wil-
son & Brothers, merchants of St. Louis, Mis-
souri , praying a return of duties paid by them on
imported merchandise which was destroyed by
fire while in transitu between the portof entry and
the port of delivery; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TOUCEY presented the memorial of
Charles Stearns, praying indemnity for damages
sustained in consequence of certain illegal prose-
cutions of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE presented the petition of mem-
bers of the bar and officers of the United States
district court for Wisconsin, praying an increase
of the salary of the judge thereof; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of the grand and petitjurors
of the United States district court for Wiscon-
sin for a change in the time of holding the court;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
_ Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Wil-
liam Foster for compensation for services rendered
in opening the port of Manzamllo, in Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, the petition of William C. McDougal,
praying compensation for assisting to take the
census of California, in 1850; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of seventeen officers of the
United States Army, stationed at Fort Fillmore
and Albuquerque, New Mexico, praying that the
ration commutation in the Army may be increased
twenty cents; which was referred to' the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr, MASON. Mr. President, I ask leave to
present the petition of Osmond Peters, an officer
m the revenue service, praying thatheand others
in like condition may be included within the pro-
visions of the late act of Congress, giving bounty
land to those who served in any war in which
the United States have been engaged. It is stated
in the petition that this gentleman was detached
for thq, time being from the revenue service, and
served in the Florida war and afterwards in the
war with Mexico; but that the proper officers
have so construed the law as not to include
officers of the revenue service who were thus
detached and put into the military service, within
its provisions. That law was originally report-
ed, I understand, from a select committee; as
this officer belongs to the revenue service, I sup-
pose the proper reference of his petition would be
to the Committee on Commerce. I move that it
be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of California relating to the con-
struction and establishment of military and post
roads across the plains; whiph were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, praying that a bell-buoy may be
placed at the entrance to the harbor of San Fran-
cisco ; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California in relation to the Board of Land Com-
missioners; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, for the construction of a military road
from Sacramento Yalley to Crescent City; which
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, relative to the payment of pensions
in the State of California; which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, praying for the construction of a
breakwater m the harbor at Crescent City; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, in relation to the establishment of
light-houses at Trinidad and Crescent City; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, praying for the establishment of mail
routes in certain localities; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of Cal-
ifornia, relative to the establishment of an addi-
tional land district in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of
Oscar Bullus, commander in the United States
Navy, who has been placed on the reserved list,
praying for action by Congress upon the trans-
actions of the late Naval Board. I will state,
for the information of the body, that this officer
suggests as a mode of overcoming the difficulty,
that the persons who are placed on the retired
list for disabilities incurred in the faithful, proper,
and effective discharge«of the service of the coun-
try, should be promoted so as to take them one
rank higher and save them being superseded
by appointments in their places, but that it be
done without pay. I move that the petition and
accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. ,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I [also present the petition
of Commander Samuel Lockwood, relating to
the same subject, and ask for it the same refer-
ence.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I present to the
Senate the memorial of Captain John H. Graham,
of Brooklyn, New York, a post captain in the
United States Navy. In this memorial he sets
forth in brief, yet modest and respectful terms,
that on the night of th£ 27th of November, 1812,
he was wounded by the enemy on the Canadian
shore, opposite Black Rock; in consequence of
which he shortly afterwards suffered the ampu-
tation of one of his legs. He further sets forth
that, in September, 1814, he was on board the
Saratoga, the flag-ship of the late Commodore
McDonough, which vanquished the British fleet
in the memorable battle on Lake Champlain. He
also states that shortly afterwards he was on
board the frigate United States, which sailed for
the Mediterranean under Commodore Shaw, for
the purpose of suppressing the depredations of the
Algerincs upon our merchant ships; but the object
having been anticipated by Commodore Decatur,
the matter was dismissed and he returned.
He further states that in 1816 he was appointed
an acting lieutenant, and was ordered by the
Navy Department to the recruiting service at
New York, where he was performing active duty
for about twelve years, under, perhaps, as many
different commanders; that under the adminis-
tiation of President Tyler he was deputed to the
same service as commander, where he remained
for two years, until, by the order of Mr. Ban-
croft, late Secretary of theNavy, hewas detached
from that service; and that since that period, for
want of orders, he has been unemployed.
The memorialist finally sets forth, that by the
action of the board of naval officers he has been
transferred from the active-service list to the
"reserved list," on "furlough pay," wherein
he complains that great injustice has been done
him. The prayer of the memorialist is, that,
though in consequence of his physical infirmity,
by the loss of a limb, he may not be able to com-
ply with the terms of the law which prescribe
" efficiency" upon the ocean, yet, in considera-
tion of the nature of the case, he may be placed
with other officers of his rank upon the most
honorable list of retired officers, on " leave-of-
absence pay." In other words, he prays that,
although he may be in a degree disqualified for
active sea service on account of physical disabil-
ities incurred in the line of his duty, and while
engaged in the battles of his country, he may,
nevertheless, be relieved from a judgment con-
signing him to a position which carries with it
an implied imputation of professional or of moral
delinquency.
It is not my purpose, Mr. President, on the
occasion of presenting this memorial to attempt
to pass .any strictures upon the doings of the
naval board of officers under the recent act of
Congress. Still further is it from my intention
to attempt to impugn the motives of their action
or to call in question the integrity of their pur-
poses. But however pure and honorable may
have been the motives and purposes by which
that board were controlled in their action, it is
not to be denied or disguised, nor has it escaped
public observation, that in some instances at least
they have sadly misjudged; thatgrievous mistakes
have been committed; and, as a necessary con-
sequence, that serious wrong and injury have
been inflicted upon meritorious officers.
The case of Captain Graham, Whose memorial
I now present, is indisputably a case of that
character. Upon what evidence the board acted,
upon what rule they proceeded, or by what prin-
ciple they were governed in assigning him to the
inferior list of retired officers, I do not know, he
does not know—it is all unknown to the country.
Without a hearing, without notice, without the
assignment of a reason for it—after a period of
forty-five years in his country's service, always
ready at her call, and bearing upon his person
the insignia of his bravery and his sufferings in
that service—he finds himself placed, not upon
the primary list of retired officers, which ought
to be made, if it be not now so regarded, a post
of honor, but upon the secondary or inferior list,
which is understood by everybody and recog-
nized by the country as a post of degradation.
From this decision of the naval board he comes
to Congress with his appeal, and lays before
them his professional and private life in testi-
mony of the wrong he suffered, and invokes for
both the most rigid scrutiny as the best refutation
of any justifiable cause for the implied imputation
which he keenly feels has been cast upon a well-
earned, and to him most dearly-bought, profes-
sional reputation.
My own knowledge of Captain Graham's per-
sonal history authorizes me to say here in this
