1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
presence, and in the face of the report of the
board, what is equally well known to the naval
service, that his professional life has been that
of a brave and gallant and chivalrous officer; that
his private life has been that of an intelligent and
upright Christian citizen, whose honoris without
reproach; whose purity of character is above sus-
picion. The physical infirmity under which he
labors, in consequcnce of the loss of a limb in
battle, although it may disable him for efficient
service at sea, instead of consigning him to a post
of degradation, in any other country—yea, in any
other age—would have secured to him expres-
sions of national gratitude in the bestowment of
honors and rewards and titles of distinction.
Here too, sir, we have been in the habit of be-
stowing pensions, bounties, swords, medals, and
brevets, as assurances of national gratitude, and
marks of honorable distinction upon those who
have been disabled by the accidents of war, or
who have signalized their valor in its battles.
This policy, and the principle on which this, as j
well as other Governments, has hitherto acted, i
seem to have been reversed, unintentionally though •
it may have been, by the recent action of the j
naval board,unhappilyinbuttoomanyinstances.
The victims of a mistaken judgment, whether few
or many, are entitled to a hearing and a remedy.
The appeal from an unjust condemnation is made
to Congress. In what manner, or by what meas-
ure of relief Congress may respond to the prayer
of the complainants, it is not my province to
indicate; but as this is an appropriate subject for
the consideration of the Committee on Naval Af- |
fairs, to whom several petitions upon the like l
subject have already been committed, I move that
this memorial be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND KEFEIiRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the papers m tlte case of Mrs. Francos M.
Webster be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Military Aftairs.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That Sarah Vincent, widow of John Vincent,
have leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That Edwaid Dexter have leave to withdraw
his memoiial and paper*.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Robert Stockton have leave
to withdraw their memorial and papers.
On motion of Mr, FISH, it was
Ordered, That Shepherd Knapp have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers, for the purpose of presenting them
before the Couit of Claims.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and pnper^of (Yphisc Piporos,
widow of Lom« Labian^he, lie withdrawn fiom the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Private Land ;
Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS. !
Mr. JAMES gave notice of his intention to ask !
leave to introduce a bill for the modification of the !
patent laws, and for the increase of the salary of j
the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to !
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the con-
struction of a custom-house at Ogdensburg, in
the State of New York.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making appropria-
tions to continue the public works in Massachu-
setts. I
Mr. WADE gave notice of his intention to ask j
leave to introduce the following bills: I
A bill to continue the improvement of the ha!r- |
bor at the mouth of the Black river, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Conneaut, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Huron, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Ashtabula, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Sandusky city, Ohio;
A bill to continue "the improvement of the har-
bor of Cleveland, Ohio; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Fairport, Ohio.
Mr. HARLAN gave notice of his intention to ;
ask leave to introduce a bill in relation to the j
five per cent, on the net proceeds of the sales of i
public lands in the State of Iowa. \
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill for the relief of William Field;
A bill for the improvement of the navigation
of the Mississippi river, below the mouth of the
Ohio;
A bill for the improvement of the navigation
of the Arkansas river;
A bill for the continuation of the improvement
of the navigation of Red river;
A bill for the construction of a jail for the use
of the district court, at Van Buren, Arkansas;
and
A bill for the relief of the present and late
land officers in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
MAIL FAILURES.
Mr. SEIDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the President be requested to send to the
Senate a copy of the memonal of citizens of New Oileans,
complaining of the irregularity of the mail service between
Washington and New Orleans.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be authorized
not vote for the anti-Nebraska candidate, but
because they persisted in voting against him.
Mr. D. saia that this letter was signed " H.
G.,M and he believed the initials' sufficiently in-
dicated the writer. In regard to it, he had only
t.o say that he should not turn his back upon his
country or her cause, upon true manliness or his
own honor, though the devil or Horace Greeley
himself, or both of them together, should bid him
do it. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. D. then proceeded to reply at length to
other newspaper strictures on the course pur-
sued by himself and those acting with him, and
in the course of his remarks contrasted the views
now entertained by the New York Tribune and
Times with reference to Mr. Banks, with those
I held by the same journals during the pendcncy
I of the Nebraska-Kansas bill before the House,
j when they denounced Mr. B. for having aided
[ in bringing that measure to a dircct vote,
j In conclusion, he remarked that if gentlemen
j really desired on organization of the House, if
j they really desired to concentrate upon one man,
i they should, as a preliminary step, call off their
i dogs and send them to their kennels, where they
| properly belonged. They should then come to-
[ get her as gentlemen of a like spirit, all conceding
and all surrendering something to the common
good; and, his word for it, there would be no
lVTll)!7 a ei°rk IU thVa,me ttnn^Uo«.penration that is !, more trouble, and no occasion for reflecting one
paid to the engrossing clerks m the olnce ot the Secretary i n , n . f,
  ° 1 upon another, or tor others to reflect upon them.
of the Senate.
I will say, in explanation of this resolution,
that the Committee on Finance find from expe-
rience that it is obliged to have an old and expe-
rienced clerk; and the only way to secure the
services of such a man is to give him au annual
compensation. I hope the resolution will be con-
siaered now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
/
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 17, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DUNN desired the general consent of the
House for the purpose of making an explanation
of a personal character. He hud trespassed a
little on the indulgence of the House on Satur-
day last, and very much regretted the necessity
of doing so again to-day. Yet, if there was no
objection, he should like to be heard.
No objection being made—
Mr. DUNN proceeded to remark that it could
not have escaped the attention of the members
of the House that for several days past some of
the public journals of the country had thought
themselves called upon to hold up, as refractory
and recreant, certain gentlemen who had not
seen fit to cast their votes for Mr. Banks as
Speaker of the House. He now wished to read
some extracts from some of these papers, with a
view of placing this whole matter right—for he
thought that what he should say would place it
right—without going at large into the motives
which had governed his conduct; for some of
those motives rested upon matters that he could
not make public without a violation of confi-
dence. He would rather be subject to any
amount of misrepresentation, than be guilty of
anything of that kind.
Mr. D. then rend an extract from the Wash-
ington correspondence of the New York Tribune
of the 13th December, referring to the ineffectual
attempts to elect a Speaker of the House. This
letter stated that Mr. Banks still lacked six or
seven votes of an election, and that his friends
were firm and resolute. They believed that so
many votes could not now be concentrated on
any other man, and their present purpose was
to stand their ground, and let the country judge
between them and the stragglers who prevented
a choice. If the opposcrs of Mr. Banks who
were elected on the understanding of their con-
stituents that they were hostile to the Nebraska
iniquity, and in favor of redressing the wrong
involved in it, would simply withhold their votes,
Mr. Banks would at once be elected. The House
remained disorganized and the public business
was arrested, not becausc these gentlemen would
[Mr. D.'s remarks are withheld for revision,
and will ho published in the Aj>pendix.]
Mr. BANKS. I desire to detain the House
but a single moment, not, however, with a view
to make an extended reply to the remarks of the
distinguished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn.] As to what has been said by gentlemen
I of the New York press, either for or against me, I
! am not responsible. I liavo never solicited their
I support. In my brief period of public life, not
i altogether a quiet one, 1 have relied upon myself
( nlone, I have done that under all circumstances
i which my conviction taught me to be right. 1
: have always thought for myself, and I will always
; act for myself, whether the"gentlemen of the New
j York Tribune or the gentlemen of the New York
i Times shall see fit to compliment or complain.
| J concede to them, under the institutions of this
1 country, the largest liberty, either to praise or to
. censure—and I have not a word to say in regard
! to what they have said of me. But I beg my
friend from Indiana not to hold me responsible
for it. I am not under their direction. They
have never undertaken to control me in any re-
gard whatever, and I have never solicited "their
support. My dependence is upon the people I
represent, and not upon the press of Now York,
and to them shall I look for instructions in public
affairs.
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) I distinctly stated,
and I supposed the gentleman from Massachu-
setts understood me, that I did not hold him re-
sponsible for those articles, but I objected to those
gentlemen urging me to surrender upon their own
ground.
Mr. D. made a further remark whicli was not
heard by the reporter.
Mr. BANKS. The honorable gentleman is
undoubtedly correct. I address no complaint to
him—none whatever. No living being has heard
me lisp a word of inquiry even as to the correct-
ness of the gentleman's course. He is free to do
as he pleases, and I the same. But I desire to
say to that gentleman, to the House, and to my
constituents particularly, that I am independent
of. the direction of the New York press m every
regard.
One word more, as the gentleman has made
allusion to my course, and especially to a collat-
eral vote upon the Nebraska bilL It is undoubt-
edly true,-that I declared to the reporter of the
New York Times what he has represented mo
as saying, that I would resist that measure to the
last; and I say to-day that I never yielded, in
any particular, my opposition to the Nebraska
bill. There was a question raised about a vote I
gave at a particular stage of the proceedings, in
common with other earnest opponents of that
measure. I have now no reason for goin< into
an explanation of that vote. Butallow me t.j say
that I represent a constituency imbued with a
strong hostility to some of the institutions of this
eountry. I may sny, perhaps, that I represent
