the strongest anti-slavery district in the United'
States,. When I went hometo my constituents,
these newspaper appeals were made-against me;
they were reprinted and circulated by gentle-
men opposed to me. I had no newspaper to
defend me I have never had newspajaers.to de-
fend my coarse. I stood then, as 1 stand now,
self-dependent, .and. defended my course with
such ability as I had. I met my constituents
face to face, and explained to them the circum-
stances under which I gave that vote. Instead of
defeating me, they returned me to this Congress
clothed with a majority of seven thousand—[ap-
plause]—the largest majority, with a single ex-
ception, any man ever received in the political
contests of Massachusetts.
The whole misunderstanding betwiiSft the gen-
tleman from Indiana and myself about that vote,
as it will appear to any man who will examine it,
grows out of the point of time when the question
was taken. Before the special order to which the
honorable gentleman alluded was reached, accord-
ing to well understood parliamentary law, it re-
quired two thirds to postpone it; but when it was
reached, in the usual course of business, a ma-
jority of the Committee of the Whole was com-
petent to postpone it from day to day. That I
am right in this, my friend from Indiana will see
if h§ will refer to the record. AYhen the special
order was reached, after the passage of the Ne-
braska bill, the same special order was twice post-
poned by a vote of a majority, as tha«t majority
had power to do. This was done when an anti-
Nebraska man was in the chair, [Mr. Chandler,
of Pennsylvania.] What was done in the usual
order of business, after the passage of the Ne-
braska bill, would of course have been done by
the Administration party, if this special order
had interfered with the succoss of that measure.
No result followed that vote, according to my
judgment then and now, except thte postpone-
ment of Us final passage for a week; furnishing to
gentlemen who had been deprived of it an oppor-
tunity to express the sentiments of their con-
stituents, and the country to demonstrate its
•hostility to the repeal of the prohibition of 1830.
That is my understanding of the matter. I never
characterized that vote as a blunder; no man has
ever so characterized it in my presence with my
consent. I do not now claim that it was right.
I make no claim to infallibility. I only "say
I did that which I thought to be right, in the sin-
cerity of my heart, and my constituents sustained
me in what I did.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise, Mr. Clerk, for the
purposeof presenting to the House the proposi-
tion, by way of amendment, which I stated the
other (lay I would present. And, before I sub-
mit it, I beg leave to say, in reference to the
fentlemen on this side of the House, with whom
have been acting—with whom it is my pride and
pleasure to act—and with whom I desire to con-
tinue to act, that whatever may bo thought of the
proposition, it is the product solely of my own
imagination;and no human being on earth is ac-
countable for it but myself. 1 regret, however,
that my'very distinguished colleague from the
valley of Virginia [Mr. Letcher] should have,
by accident or otherwise, [laughter,] submitted
•on Saturday last one branch of my proposition,
[renewed laughter.] I have furthermore to re-
mark, that in what I shall say to the House on
this occasion, or in what may be embraced in
the proposition which I hold in my hand, 1 have
no design of building up for myself a popularity
at home. Sir, I take this occasion to give notice
to the House, as I did on every question which
affected the matter last session, when I said that,
if reelected,! would not,under any circumstances,
again become a candidate for reelection to Con-
fress, that that is still my determination. 1 am
ere, then, Mr. Clerk, for the last time. There
is no possible circumstance that can induce me
again to come to Congress. And I beg gentle-
men to believe that in what I shall say on this
occasion, or in the resolution which I shall pre-
sent, there will not be a line for Buncombe.
Mr. Clerk, I shall now send to the desk my
proposition for the purpose of having it read, and
thereafter I shall ask leave to submit -a few re-
marks to the House. But before my proposition
be read, I beg leave to say that, in my humble
judgment, if ever there was a time which called
for the calm and serious deliberation and consid-
eration of gentlemen on this floor, this' is • that
time. Sir, 1 shall not utter one word here to-day
designed to wound the feelings of any man; of
the party with which I act and have acted; nor
shall I-say a word designed to wound the feel-
ings of the gentlemen who belonged heretofore to
the old national Whig party. Sir, I respect that
party. . That party fought us in 1844 like men.
They^-fought us on principles—great cardinal,
constitutional principles. Neither do 1 design to
say one word intended to offend the Know Noth-
ing or Opposition members of any party. If these
gentlemen meet on this floor determined to sup-
port liberal sentiments, to uphold the liberty of
worshiping God and the freedom of speech, no
man will go further than I in recognizing and
protecting them in their social, political, and re-
ligious freedom. But, sir, we have been here
fifteen days, and as yet have not succeeded in
getting an organization. I think the time has
arrived when we should endeavor to effect an or-
ganization of the House. And, sir, when my
proposition shall have been read, you will per-
ceive that there are points in it which deserve at
least the favorable consideration of gentlemen on
both sides of the House. I now ask that my
proposition be read by the Clerk, and then I shall
take the liberty of making a remark or two fur-
ther.
Mr. McMcllin's resolution was read, as fol-
lows:
Whereas, great delay lias occurred in the organization of
this irons':, to the detriment of the public service, in conse-
quence of tlto diveisity of opinion which prevails among
the members thereof: Therefore, it is unanimously
Resolved by the members of this House, That alter its or-
ganization no business shall be done except to pass the
necessary appropriation bills; that the members shall, eaeh
and all, resign their seats and deliver their resjgnatiM to
the Speaker hereafter to bo chosen, to be forwarded b"im
to the Governors of the several States and Teiritoncs so
soon as the appropriation bills shall have been passed.
And to cariy the provisions of said resolution into ffleet,
[blank] shall be, and ts hereby, declared the duly elected
Speaker of this llouse, for the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
that resolution on the table,
klr. McMULLIN. I ask,Mr.Clerk,tliatgen-
tlemcn will give me their attention for a few mo-
ments. As regards the resolution just read, I at
least claim for myself that I have offered it in
good faith; and if it be the purpose of the House
to organize and pass the legitimate appropriation
bills for the support of the Government of the
country then I say to them " you can effect this
object by the adoption of this resolution."
1 do not mention in my proposition the name
of any gentleman for Speaker; I leave a blank for
that purpose. And allow me here to remark that,
with all the attachment which I feel for the gen-
tleman for whom 1 have been registering my vote,
and for whom I shall continue to cast it, unless
some proposition similar to that which I have
submitted be adopted, I am ready to vote for
another candidate who may be selected in accord-
ance with my resolution. But I will continue to
cast my vote for Mr. Richardson from now until
the 4th of March twelvemonth, unless gentlemen
come forward and 
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] allow me to
say a word m relation to his proposition?
Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly.
Mr. DUNN. His resolution as I understand
it, proposes that we should simply pass the ap-
propriation bills. I ask him to accept as a modi-
fication or as an addition the following clause:
"And a bill to repeal so much of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill as repeals the Missouri compro-
mise." [Great laughter.!
Mr. McMULLIN. I am sure the learned
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] does not
ask me in good faith to accept that proposition,
expecting that I should accept it.
Mr. DUNN was understood to say that if his
amendment was accepted, he would vote for the
resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from In-
diana has said that, if I will accept of his modifi-
cation, he will vote for my proposition. Let me
tell that gentleman, and the House, and the
country, that one of the objects %vhich I have in
view in submitting my proposition, is that we
shall pass the ordinary appropriation bills, so as
to provide for the public service of the country.
Let us pass them and go home, and submit
December If.
direetjy-to" the people the very question to which
the gentleman alludes.
Sir, I need not .attempt to disguise the facts.
The- issue on the Kansas-Nebraska question
has been distinctly made—made bjr the vener-
able gentleman. overrthe way* Mr. Giddings, of
Ohio, and others with whom .he is acting But
I am not disposed to discuss that question now.
At a proper time, after the House shall have Or-
ganized, I dp desire to discuss it. But if gentle-
men desire to organize the House for practical
purposes, they can do so in the way which 1
have proposed.
I have but one remark more to make, and it is
this: I was about to make it when interrupted by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] With
all my partiality for the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] for whom I castmy vote, and
for whom I will continue to cast it unless some
change shall be effected here by a proposition of
compromise, there are some seventy-five other
gentlemen hero, voting also for Mr. Richardson,
and—such is the confidence which I have in these
seventy-live men—I toll the gentlemen on the
other side that, with all my devotion and par-
tiality for that gentleman for whom I have been
voting—for many of them, if no t for all of them—1
would cast my vote for the purpose of effecting an
organization of the House. Can you say that
much over the way ?
The gentleman from North Carolina, over the
way, [Mr. Rea.de,] made a proposition on Satur-
day, by way of compromise, that the South
should select a northern man. Sir, I ask the at-
tention of the House to the fact that the South
have presented a northern man? I ask that gen-
tleman if the South have not done the very thing
which he desired? Have they not presented that
man in the person ofMr. Richardson, of Illinois?
Is not Mr. Richardson a northern man? Is he
not a national man? We have, then, complied
with your proposition. I appeal to the gentleman
himself who so eloquently made this appeal to
the House, to say if we have not complied exactly
with his proposition, although we have been un-
able to elect our candidate. He also proposed as
a compromise that the North should select some
southern man. Let them select such a man—see
whether they cannot elect him. If gentlemen
desire that the business of the Government shall
be carried on, if they desire that the wheels of
Government shall not stand still, let them fill the
blank in my resolution with tho name of some
suitable man. It has been suggested that it should
be filled with that of Mr. Banks. Well, sir, I
take pride in repeating what I have already said,
that there are some seventy odd gentlemen in tills
Hall, any one of whom I would cheerfully see
placed in the Speaker's chair, to accomplish the
organization of the House.
Mr. Clerk, I trust I shall be excused for de-
taining tho House this long. I have submitted
the proposition now before you in good faith. If
ever there were a time when the members of the
House were called upon to exercise the most
kindly feeling towards each other, this is the
time. It is idle to disguise the fact; men in all
sections are now looking upon the condition of
the country as almost in a state of revolution.
War is now in actual existence upon your border
country, and that war is being waged upon this
very question of slavery.
As I remarked before, when tho organization
of the House has been effected, I design to say
something at length upon this question of slavery,
in its effects upon the present condition of the
country; but I desire to see that organization
effected as soon as possible. I hope, therefore,
that in reference to the resolution, gentlemen will
look the matter right in the face—that they will
vote directly either for or against it, and not
dodge the question. And, by the way, in refer-
ence to this motion to lay on the table, I doubt
very much whether you have ally table. At any
rate, I hope gentlemen will not give the matter
the go-by, in that manner. As I have said, ac-
cording to my understanding of parliamentary
law, in the present condition of the House, I
doubt whether such a thing as a tabic can be rec-
ognized until the House has been organized; but
however that may be, I ask gentlemen to meet
the matter fairly and squarely, and vote either for
or-against the proposition directly and upon its
merits.
