mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
July 15.
and may be the -best roiite. As "Well- bs I can
understand, from Rearing the proposition read,
there is some appropriation to a man by the
name of Nobles.
Mr. WELLBR. The Senator is confounding
the .memorial with the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I take it that there is an ap-
propriation in the bill of $50,000 in pursuance
of ,the memorial.
Mr. WELLER. No, sir, not in pursuance of
the memorial; because, if the bill was in pursu-
ance of .the memorial, we should have incor-
porated-the name of Colonel Nobles to construct
the road.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not speaking of that.
I am speaking of the memorial coming from the
Territorial Legislature of Min nesota, ranking sug-
gestions to the Congress of the United States. In
other words, it is a presidential message from a
Territorial Legislature; or at least it comes in
that form, and we are to take their construction.
I do not kno# exactly the import of that part
of the memorial referring to Nobles, but I think
it was that he should be compensated. Are we
to compensate every surveyer who goes across
the mountains? But I have made my protest
against it. I know it will pass.
Mr. WELLER. One might suppose, from
■what the Senator from South Carolina says,
that this is the first time any Territorial Legisla-
ture ever presented a memorial to Congress 
Mr. BUTLER. I said no such thing.
Mr. "WELLER. There is no dictation in that
toemorial. There is not a single word in it that
could be offensive to any Senator here. Who
can understand the wants of that country and the
wants of the people better than the members of
# tile Legislature of that Territory? They see the
wants of their people and the necessity for the
construction of this road, and they come to the
Senate and respectfully ask Congress to make
some provision for the road. The Senator from
South Carolina thinks this is unparalleled in the
history of our legislation; it is a territorial mes-
sage; it is an order to Congress as to what they
shall do! Sir, it will bear no such construction.
It is a respectful request presented by the Legis-
lative Council of the Territory in the name of the
people, asking that certain grievances under
which they labor may be remedied; in other
words, that a road may be constructed to enable
them to pass through the Territory. This is a
branch of the wagon road, for which I had a bill
passed some weeks since. It is a branch that
comes through Minnesota, from Fort Rldgley
down, and intersects the wagon road which I
had passed, some two weeks since, at a point
near Bridgor's Pass. It will be an accommoda-
tion, not only to the people of Minnesota, but
to the people of Wisconsin, and the whole of
the Lake Superior country. It will enable them
to come down, and, by a travel of two hundred
miles, avoid a route which requires, as I said
before, a travel of seventeen hundred or eighteen
hundred miles.
I am willing to take the representations of
those who represent the people of the Territory
as to the necessity of the work. A glance for a
moment at the map will show the necessity, in
my judgment, of this appropriation. TheSena-
tor from South Carolina will not take the trouble
to look at it. He will not take the declarations
of the representatives of the Territory, nor will
he examine the map in order to determine whether
it is expedient that this money should be appro-
priated. 1 hope that what the Senator has said
is strictly true, that this is a foregone conclusion,
and that the bill will pass.
_ Mr. BUTLER. I wish to put my proposition
right, and that is all 1 shall do. I do not allow
my friend from California to substitute his infer-
ences for my conclusions. _ I did not say that this
was the dictation of a Territorial Legislature, but
I said it emanated from a body not recognized, as
far as I am related to the country, by the Federal
Constitution to make such a recommendation as
this. I remarked that publie roads arepuMwi juris
—great matters, in which the community at lar e
is concerned; and the public mind should be in-
formed on such questions by some responsible
orffan. r
1 have not said that this amounts to dictation,
i have said that the measure comes here from a
Legislature making its own representations, and
that it is ex parte. There has been no examina-
tion to oppose, or contradict, or sift these rep-
resentations. The gentleman says. I would not
take the pains to understand it. I do not know
that I could; but I am not bound to read every
memorial, coming from everybody who chose
to send one here about making a great national
communication between California and the other
States. I grant yciu that, With my limited knowl-
edge of topography and geography, it might take
me a long time to deliberate on this measure; but
if I were alone responsible—if I were an autocrat,
and had to adopt a road, do I know that I would
adopt this road in preference to one going through
Arkansas directly to Santa Fe, and from thence
to California? Why is this especially selected
from Minnesota? This terminus seems to be a
favorable one, because gentlemen living in Min-
nesota say it is the best place to start frefm, and
go to. The gentleman says it iS a foregone con-
clusion.
Mr. WELLER. You said so.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, thewhplp of this legis-
lation is upon foregone conclusions, and I am
called on to adopt, by faith, what. I cannot get
by knowledge.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I cannot well understand
why the people of Minnesota desire this road.
They certainly do not desire it in order to get
there; and those who go to the West for the pur-
pose of settling, are not very likely to go from
Minnesota to California.
Mr. "YTOLLER. I can tell the Senator that a
great many neople pass through Minnesota to
California, auo*if there be no road to travel, they
cannot get through. The more travel there is
through Minnesota, the more the interests of that
Territory prosper.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know that this
is the most direct route to California. People
: going to California generally take the most direct
I route to go there. 1 cannot see why the people
of Minnesota feel such an especial interest in
having the travel to California go through Minne-
sota. There are very few people going from
Minnesota to California. There must be special
reasons other tlmn what appear on the face of the
memorial for this road. They say it is not to be
a military road. What, then, is it'to bo ? If it is
to be a military road, it ought to be constructed
as other military roads are—not by employing
civil engineers. We pay the engineers of the
! War Department, and their pay goes on any how.
j We can direct their attention to this matter, and
j thus save the amount of money that would be
I expended for the employment of civil engineers.
| Mr. STUART. I ask the indulgence of the
| Senate only for a moment, and I would not say
i a word if this Territory were represented on this
! floor. A circumstance or two have come to my
| knowledge from the Delegate for Minnesota,which
i will explain to the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Clay] what seems to be the objection
: in his mind. This road passes almost if not the
; entire distance, through an Indian country. The
: House have decided that the road shall "be con-
j strutted by contract at any rate; and I think any
; gentleman who will look into the facts, will fm"d
, tliat more road can be built by contract for §50,000
j than can be built by any Department of the Crov-
I eminent without contract for $250,000. The In-
i dians are under the control and direction of the
; Interior Department, and therefore, it was be-
j lieved that the Interior Department could control
! this matter, and let the contract with less liability
j to interference with the Indians than any other j
■ Department, they having their agents in the !
; country under their direction. That, is the only ,
! reason why that Department was named. 1 think !
j myselt, that the House of Representatives were i
| wise in adopting it for these reasons, and I hope
j the Senate will concur in their action.
I Mr. BROWN. I should like to know from ^
1 my friend from Michigan, or the chairman of the I
i Committee on Military Affairs, whether this bill
i came to us through the Public Lands Committee,
; or the Military Committee of the House? |
i Mr. STUART. I understand, but 1 cannot I
i speak with certainty, that it came from the Ter-
ritorial Committee of the House. j
Mr. BRODHEAD. The papers will show, j
Mr. WELLER. It came from the Territorial
Committee of the House of Representatives. |
Mr. BROWN. I*&o not rise to dincuss this .
bill, but I desire at this stage of the proceedings
to make a remark or two in reference to land bills,
generally. I have been persuaded by Senators to
allow them all to pass forthe benefitof thisState,
and that State, and the other State. Through
some sort of mysterious influehce a land bill iij
the House of Representatives, which related to
my §>ta!te, has "been kept back.
Several Senators. This is not a land bill;
Mr-BROWN". This is a bill to give land;
[" No!"} It is to give money, and giving lands!
for preemption. ["No!''] I only wanted to're-
mark in regards to making these roads, that a
very important connc'ctibn with the Pacific rail-
road runs through my State, connecting at Vicks-
burg, going on to El Paso, and thence to Call*
fornia. I nave been struggling throughout ths
session to get our bill through. _ Almost every-
body else lias got his, but we have not got ou/s.
I I am tired of constructing roads in the Territories,
I and States, and everywhere else, while a road'for
| my State is kept back. I shall hereafter oppose
I these measures until I can see some reciprocity.
| Mr. WELLER. I have charge of a bill for the
! | construction of awagon road from El Paso to Fort
|i Yuma, and I shall expect the support of the Sen-
'! ator from Mississippi for that bill. That is th«
j southern route. I shall go for his bil'1 to get
| a road to El Paso, with the'understanding,, of
, course, that lie votes for my bill to secure ah ap-
| prop'ria'tion to construct a road from El Paso to
| Fort Yuma.
S Mr. BROWN. No bargains.
| Mr. WELLER. I shall have to try, then, to
! get my bill through without my friend's vote;
I but, nevertheless, I shall vote for his bill.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
I is on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
! bama, to strike out " Secretary of the Interior,"
' and insert " Secretary of War."
Mr. BRODHEAD called forthe'yeas and nays,
arid they were ordered; and being taken, "re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Bijr^s. Bigler, Brodhoad, Butler, Clay, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
■ riuiiter, tverson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
i! Mason, Pearce,iteid, and Yulee—18,
II NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bright,
I1 Brown, Collamer, Dodge, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Fostct,
[J Geyer, Half. James, Johnson, iVIallory, Pratt. Sebastian,
'. Siide!l. Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky', Toombs, Trtran-
i j bull, Wade, and Weller—24.
11 So the amendment was rejected.
j | The bill was reported .to the Senate without
,! amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
], third time, and the question was stated to be,
;! " Shall the bill pass r"
:! Mr. BUTLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
■ ! on the passage of the bill. I wish to direct th6
1 attention of the Senate to it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
!, taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 17; as follows:
y'EAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
1 inin, Butler, Biidit, Collamer, Dodi;e, Fessenden, Fish,
i; Foot, Foster. Gever, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, James, Jolin-
:t son, Jonec of Iowa. Jones of Tennessee, Millorv, Pratt,
', Piigh, Sebasu.M, SluMI, Stuart. Trumbull, Wade, and
11 VYeller—28.
|! NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
I; Brodhead, Brown, Hurler, Clay, Evans, Hunter,
Iveison, Mason, Pearce, Re id. Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, and Yulee—17.
So the bill was passed.
'i naval retiring board.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate re-.
;i sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
; sideration of the bill (S. 113) to amend an act
' entitled "An act to promote the efficiency of
the Navy."
Mr. TOOMBS resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday. It will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is from no desire
i to prolong this discussion, or unnecessarily to
■ occupy the time of the Senate, that I propose to
J make a few remarks on the general features of
I this bill. ) do so, because, as may be well known
j to any one who lias taken any interestin the course
, which I have deemed it my duty to pursue, 1 feel
very deeply on this bill. 1 think that the act
! which this bill proposes to amend in terms, is one
; of the grossest wrongs and outrages that was
j ever perpetrated under the forms of law, and that
| this bill of the committee does not propose such
| a remedy as the case demands.
; In the first place, let me say that I appear here
