1855.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate 8c Ho. or Reps.
were not allowed even to be present at the pro-
ceedings and deliberations in regard to commanders,
and, therefore, could not aid to effect their own
promotion. And, in accordance with the same
of tkose seventy-one were reserved " on leave : regulation, a commander could not have the op-
of absence pay;rt eighty-one " on furlough pay;" : portumty by his presence to exert influence to
r , ,-i r. i secure his promotion to a captaincy. And thus
it was designed that if, by the execution of the
law, officei*s of the board should happen to be
promoted, their proceedings should not be tainted
with the blighting suspicion that they labored
for their own advancement and not the public
good. The Department, therefore—by filling the
board with men of high reputation, and acceptable
to the country and the Navy; by surrounding
After a "careful examination," two hundred j[
and one officers were, in their judgment, found j1
" incapable of performing promptly and" effici- !
ently all their duty both ashore and afloat;'' and
sevenl
  pay; „ , ,
and forty-nine recommended to be stricken from
the rolls. The vacancies have been filled accord- ,
ing to the act, " by regular promotion in the order
of rank or seniority." Although there are now
on this reserved list one hundred and forty-seven
officers, the expenses of the Navy, as appears
from calculations accurately made, are not in-
creased, for the reason that they are not only on
redttced pay, but the officers promoted to their va-
cancies do not receive the full pay of the grade to*
which they are thus promoted. They attain the
higher rank and secure more responsible and im- j
portant commands, but are not to enjoy full pay
until the vacancies they fill are made complete
either by resignation, death, or removal.
And the law, judiciously administered, by no
means involves an increase of the aggregate num-
ber of officers; for it is the crowding the service
with the lower grade of passed midshipmen, to
finger there until the prime of life, without rank,
^ind comparatively without useful service, which
has really done sad mischief. j
Perhaps no event, either legislative or execu-
tive, touching the history of the Navy, has at-
tracted more "earnest attention, or created a more
profound sensation, than the action of the late
Naval Board. With a view to a just and wise '
consideration of this grave and delicate subject,
the unexcited mind will not merely pass in calm ;
and scrutinizing review the proceedings of the
board and the Executive, but will naturally recur 'j
to the history of the law itself, and with especial
care to the condition of the Navy, which occa-
sioned its passage with such remarkable una-
nimity. The peculiar nature of the law did not ['
escape the scrutiny of those who passed it. The [j
allegation that it partook somewhat of the odious j i
character of a star-chamber proceeding was even | j
then presented with ardent and warning eloquence, ; i
The feature providing for dropping entirely from !
the service, which was not in the original bill, was j
inserted in the House by an overwhelming ma- j
jority, and, after elaborate and thorough debate
in the Senate, was passed almost unanimously.
There was still on the statute-book, and in daily
inforceinent, the law of courts-martial, surround-
ing their proceedings with the solemnity of a
sworn court, a sworn judge advocate, and sworn
witnesses, subject to penalties for non-appearance.
And yet, such was the condition of the Navy—
as urged by Secretaries and conceded by states-
men, officers, and citizens; such the loud cry for
prompt reform, echoed and reechoed through the
country—that Congress, in its wisdbm, failing to
pass the general and more comprehensive bills
originally reported by the committees, instituted
this summary tribunal with signal majorities.
The officers selected to compose the board were,
in terms, highly laudatory, pronounced fit men
for the delicate task. Indeed, when their names
were announced, there was a warm and general
expression of favor and gratification rarely exhi-
bited. Before prescribing regulations authorized,
tffe opinion of the Attorney General was asked
on the true interpretation of the-following provi-
sion of the act:
" Provided, That no officers upon said board shall ex-
amine into or report upon the efficiency of officers of a grade
above them."
His opinion was that
"The entire body will sit together, deliberate, and de-
termine, and by proper means authenticate their conclu-
sion as to lieutenants, masters, and passed midshipmen;
after that the lieutenants will have to retire, and the cap-
tains and commanders will act in regard to all officers of
the rank of commanders, when the commanders must
retire, and the captains will act as to officers of that rank.
All the examinations having thus been made, and the proper
judgments reached, in the manner contemplated by the law,
the sum total of the opiuions will be certified to the Secre-
tary, in such form of authentication as he, in his regula-
tions, shall see fit to prescribe."
The few regulations prescribed were chiefly
based on this opinion, with the purpose of pro-
tecting the officers whose efficiency was thus to
be examined into from the slightest danger of
being prejudiced by the influence or the presence
of judges below them in grade. Lieutenants
them with safeguards and restrictions to secure
impartiality and justice, and to remove the op-
portunity and the temptation for indulgence in
actiorffor personal gain; by spreading before them
the entire files and records of the Department—
hoped that a successful effort had been made to
insure the faithful and satisfactory execution of
a law, passed with every indication of earnest
solicitude, " to promote the efficiency of the
Navy."
The order notifying the officers of their ap-
pointments issued on the 5th of June; they com-
menced their joint labors on the 20th of June,
and reported the result on the 26th of July.
And now, sir, while the operation of this law
is by some hailed with enthusiasm as a salutary
and indispensable corrective of admitted ills which
depressed the service, by others it is received with
undisguised discontent and dissatisfaction. This
can hardly be regarded as unnatural. The pro-
visions of the law are generous, indeed strikingly
liberal; but. they are at the same time exacting
and sternly just. It provides for the careful sup-
port of some, and for the prompt removal of
others; and however faithfully, honestly, and
carefully executed, it is a measure of reform; and
no measure of that character is ever executed
without more or less inconvenience, disappoint-
ment, and discontent.
Actuated, no doubt, by a desire to seek truth and
justice as nearly as possible, Congress thought
it safest to intrust this reform not merely to the
President and Secretary, whose acquaintance
with the officers, both personally and officially,
must necessarily be very limited, but chiefly to
the officers of the three higher grades, whose
knowledge of their brother officers would nat-
urally enable them to perform the duty more
thoroughly, and with less liability to err. The
task was delicate, and involved struggles between
duty and feelings. They were men—not infal-
lible. It would be strange, indeed, if their work
were perfect and entirely free from error. Those
errors, if they exist, will soon and surely be dis-
covered by the developments of time, by con-
tinued inquiry, and by calm, dispassionate ob-
servation. The officers of the Navy, as a class,
are proud, brave, sensitive, patriotic, and self-
sacrificing; and if the sword of any one of those
fall ant men has been incautiously taken from
im, all right-minded men will say, let his coun-
try restore it to him with all the honors and rep-
aration due to injured merit. And while I can
by no means recommend the adoption of any
measure of repeal, or any course of proceeding
in conflict with the general action of the board,
I have no doubt that there should be and will be
found a remedy for any mistake or error of judg-
ment, if the service has thus been deprived of a
meritorious and capable officer either by reserva-
tion or dropping. Facts which have come to my
knowledge assure me that it would be reasonable
to provide a year's pay for the officers who have
been suddenly dropped from a service upon which
they had heretofore exclusively depended, with-
out any consideration for future self-reliance.
But, sir, I cannot conclude this branch of my
report without doing justice to the officers of the
board. From the spirit and temper with which
they entered upon a painful and unsought duty,
and from the earnestness and diligence with which
they searched the records of the Department, I
deem it but an act of simple justice to express my
conviction that they were actuated by elevated
considerations, and that their aim was truth,
impartiality, and the good of the service. And
although, from the liability of man to err, there
may be discovered here and there a mistake of
, judgment, I "have an abiding conviction that his-
tory will prove that this work of reform reinvig-
orated the Navy—imparted t0 it ■* robust and
! active health—inspired the hearts of the young
and gallant officers, hitherto drooping with hope-
less despondency, with fresh energy and content-
ment with the service—warned the thoughtless
and the indolent to quit the haunts of idleness, and
seek the path of duty leading to honor, and Aused
the country to repose with the more pride and
confidence in the belief of the invincibility of this
right arm of defense. I have no hesitation, but
take much pleasure in saying, that I have already
witnessed its happy, effect in the new impulse
and readiness for duty seen and felt at the De-
partment. And, sir, though the number reported
incompetent seems large, and may well attract
attention, is that a circumstance, of itself, suffi-
1 cient to justify reflection upon a board who were
bound, under the law, to make a " careful exam-
ination" and report the names of all whom they
adjudge incompetent, of every grade, to do their
| wliole duty promptly and efficiently ashore and
! afloat? If but a small number of officers had
become inefficient, would the Secretaries of the
I Navy, for the last fifteen years, have again and
again urged, with almost pertinacious zeal, that
j some stringent measure of reform was indis-
| pensable to save the Navy from impending ruin?
| Would committees, session after session, have
reported and pressed such measures? Would
grave members have arisen, as they did in Con-
gress, and have seriously moved to abolish the
Navy and begin again, if but a small defect ex-
isted? Would the Senate every session, for
some years, have, almost with unanimity, passed
the measure for relieving the service of the in-
efficient, and for imparting vigor and health by
promoting able and brave officers before age had
, crippled their energies and impaired their useful-
' ness? Would the press, in almost every town
and village, have fulminated its thunders for re-
form, and have teemed with articles of laudation
and approval when the measure prevailed, if but
a small number of the incapable "blocked up the
path" of promotion? Or had it become manifest
i to all—to statesman and citizen—that something
radical, thorough, and searching, must be ad-
ministered to rescue the Navy from the dangers
which imperiled it, and emancipate it, if possi-
ble, from the weight which seemed so surely to
j be burdening and pressing it down ?
The regulations prescribed, which have hereto-
i fore been published, the correspondence with and
the report of the board, accompany this report.
INCREASE OF THE NAVT.
Subsequent reflection, and a comparative esti-
mate of the relative strength of the naval forces
of other Powers, have but served to confirm me
in the policy, urged heretofore, of gradually but
steadily increasing the materiel of our Navy. A
solemn conviction of its importance is my apology
for reiterating, with earnest solicitude, my rec-
ommendation to the last Congress to order the
construction of an additional number of steam
sloops of war, carrying each about twenty guns,
of the best modern improvement, requiring a
draught of not more than eighteen feet, and
thereby being capable of entering every southern,
as well as northern, port of any magnitude. Ves-
sels of this size have attracted much considera-
tion, and acquired much character during the
recent conflicts in Europe. This addition to the
increase, so wisely ordered by the last Congress,
would augment our marine to a point forming a
nucleus, which, sustained by the merchant ma-
rine, would aid largely to protect our country in a
sudden emergency—contribute much to our esti-
mation abroad and our confidence at home.
The facility with which an invincible volunteer
army may be raised from our countrymen, trained
to the use of arms from boyhood, may well justify
the settled policy of having but a small standing
army. This remarkable feature in the character
of our people has wrung from those even by no
means partial to our institutions the reluctant
admission that the Americans are the most war-
like people on earth. I fear, however, that this
circumstance has caused some of our legislators
to become unmindful of the equally well-settled
fact, that ships capable of resisting and contending
