THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 103.
Fc
in behalf of no relative of mine. There is no
man connected with me by blood, or affinity, or
connection in any way, in the remotest degree,
that is to be injured or benefited in the slightest
manner by the action of the Senate or Congress
in this measure. And, sir, if I can have any in-
fluence with those in whom I feel an interest,
there is one lesson that I will instill on those who
may listen to my advice; and that is, to see to it
that, in all coming time, neither they nor their
descendants ever be put in a situation where they
may be affected by any such legislation.
More than that, sir, I have no intimate friend
who is to be affected by it. I have no friend
and no acquaintance who is to be affected by this
bill, remotely or directly, except those whose
acquaintance I have made since I have been con-
nected with this Government as a member of
Congress. Some of those who arc affected by it
I do know. I go further, and say that, of those
who are affected, and, as I believe, injuriously
and unjustly and outrageously affected by the
provisions of the law of 1855, 1 do not know
any that come from the immediate section of
country which I represent. The gentlemen whom
I do know, and whom I have the honor to call
friends, who are affected by this measure, come,
some of them, from the slaveholding States, and
are themselves, I believe, slaveholders. I men-
tion this because it has been thrown out some-
times in the course of debate on this floor, that
I had no sympathy and no feeling of justice to
any such. I desire to do justice to everybody.
With this disclaimer of' any personal feeling
on the subject, I come at once to the views which
I propose' to submit to the Senate, and I will
resent them in some order; and I shall not be
ong about it.
In the first place, sir, has there been any injus-
tice done by the action of Congress, or of the
law, or of the board that was assembled under
it? At first, this was denied; but I believe that
it is now admitted on all hands. It is admitted
by the Naval Committee iBbmselves. It is ad-
mitted, I believe, by every gentleman who has
spoken upon the subject, that it is at least possible
that some cases of individual injustice do exist.
It is upon this admitted fact that the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the Senate have reported the
bill which is now under consideration. At first
we were told, and told repeatedly, that no injus-
tice had been done. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] took that
ground. He said that these gentlemen accepted
commissions liable to be revoked at any time, at
the pleasure of the Executive, and that the con-
tingency upon which they received their com-
missions had simply been executed; that they
had no right to complain, and that no injustice
was done to them. If I understood the honor-
able Senator, however — and certainly I would
not misrepresent him—he admitted that, although
upon the face of the commission which these gen-
tlemen received, they received it subject to the
contingency of being removed at the pleasure of
the President, there was an implied understanding,
on the part of the country which offered the com-
mission, that they should enjoy it just as long as
they conducted themselves with propriety, and
with such deportment as was required in the posi-
tion which they held.
Now, sir, the difference between an implied
and an express contract, when you come to the
contract itself, sinks into nothing. The only
difference is as to the rule of evidence by which
they are to be proved. When you tell me there
is an implied contract, you admit everything that
I claim in this case. It is just exactly as good
as if it were expressed in the most solemn form
in which language could put a covenant. If there
was an implied covenant—and that is admitted —
it is just as good, just as binding in a court of
equity or a court of law, as if it were an express
contract. If, when these gentlemen took theircom-
missions, there was an implied faith that, so long:
as they conducted themselves with propriety, and
discharged their duties faithfully, they should
103
hold their commissions, it was, to all intentsand
purposes, just as binding as if it had been ex-
pressed in the commissions.
Some of these men come forward and complain
that, without a hearing, without a trial, without
notice, without knowledge behind their backs,
secretly and in the dark, they have been de-
prived of their commission; they have been de-
prived of their good name, and of their reputa-
tions; that a stigma—a reproach has been fixed
upon them, and they come here to ask redress.
Where should they come ? Is not this the ap-
propriate tribunal ? I believe that ever since the
time of Magna Charta, the principle has been
established—it is incorporated in express words
into the constitution of the State whose repre-
sentative I am, and it is known in all our consti-
tutions, and is an essential requisite of free gov-
ernment—that every subject is entitled to a certain
remedy by having recourse to the laws for all
injuries he may receive in his person, property,
or character, and to obtain right and justice freely,
without being obliged to purchase it, completely,
and without delay, conformably to the laws.
These veterans in your naval service—these men
who in times past have bared their brows to the
battle and the storm—these men who have carried
the flag of your country wherever its interest or
its honor required it to go—who have fought and
fought successfully with every foe—who have
survived the combined attacks of the god of battle
and of the storm,—come here now in their old
age, venerable with years, venerable with service,
with service done to their country, and tell you
that the country which they served has treated
them worse than the enemy they fought. They
tell you, sir, that their honor, that their reputation,
that their good name—dearer to them than life,
and for which they have periled life wherever
their country called them—have been taken from
them; the commission, which was their pride,
they have been despoiled of; the epaulets, which
were the insignia of their office, and of their hon-
orable character and standing, have been stripped
from them; and that sword, which was the pride
and boast of every one of iliese veterans of" the
battle has been taken from him by that country
which ho had so faithfully served. '
They come here to the. American Senate; and
in God's name where should they go? The
courts of judicature are not open to them; they
cannot go there. Courts-martial they cannot
have: you have given them a secret tribunal
instead. And now in their old age, just about
to step off the stage of time and lay down, them-
selves covered with scars and honors, in their
grave, they complain that the country at such a
time has fixed upon them the mark of disgrace;
and they ask you, sir, to remove it. It will not
do—it is idle to pretend that it will do—to tell
these men that they are not disgraced. It is idle
to tell them that what you have done for them is
a mark of honorable distinction! They know
and they feel that it is not so. Every honoiable
man in the Senate, whatever may be lus vote,
whatever may be the final action to which this
body may come, feels in his heart of hearts that
these men have been disgraced; they have been
wronged; there has been injustice done them;
and it was not right—it was not fair—it was not
just to fix this stigma upon them in their old age.
They come and they tell you that this country is
I less grateful than the enemy they have fought.
i They come and tell yo^f that if they could have
found an honotable death on the deck of their
ships, facingthe foes of their country, they would
have rejoiced at such a lot rather than to have
survived the contingencies of battle and find
themselves hurried to a disgraceful grave in then-
old age.
Tell me, sir, that this is no injustice ! Tell me,
i sir, that tins is no outrage — that this is some-
thing about which people should not bi^pxcited !
I say, if there be an honoiable sentiment lett in
the human breast it will be awaked, and it will
be aroused by the recital of these men's wrongs.
Sir, there is "a language of the heart—there is a
conviction in human nature, which pleads the
case of these old veterans; and there is an instinct
of justice which tells you that they have been
wronged—wronged against precedent, -against
right, against the requirements of the Constitution
and the plainest dictates of justice. If the great
doctrines of justice which were incorporated by the
barons at Runnymede,in the charter which they
extorted from an unwilling king, meant anything,
these men have a right to aremedy for the wrong
which they have suffered. Will anybody deny
that they have a right to atrial whether they have
been wronged or not? You propose to give them
a remedy. What is it? Why, sir, if I under-
stand the amendments which have been adopted^
by the committee to this bill, the remedy is this?
They may go and make complaint that they have
been wronged, and thereupon a court of inquiry
shall sit upon them; and if the court of inquiry
find that they have been wronged—find that in-
justice has been done to them, that their reputa-
tion has been taken from them, and their good
name destroyed unjustly, what do you propose
to do ? To right the wrong, to redress the. in-
justice, and to repair the great and gross injury
which has been done to them? No such thing.
After they have been unjustly condemned by a
secret tribunal, and the injustice of the proceeding
has been manifested before an open tribunal, you
do not propose even then to redress the wrong,
but you tell them, " Now go to the President of
the United States—go, Commodore Stewart, with
fourscore years upon your head, just ripe for the
grave—go and tell him you have devoted the vigor
of your youth, the maturity of your manhood,
and the ripeness of your old age to the service of
your country; that just as you were about to
leave all, the national Legislature, and a board
acting under their authority, have stripped every-
thing from vou for which you have lived. Now
go and tell the President that at last a hearing has
i been accorded, a trial has been had—some of the
provisions—some of the safeguards in favor of
liberty have been extended; and before such a
tribunal, thus constituted, you have established
I your rights—you have convicted those who have
| done injustice to you of the wrong." At this
stage, the Senate, this highest tribunal of the land,
i instead of doing justice—instead of taking redress
! into their own hands, have said, " Go to the
President, and you shall have just exactly what
he sees fit to give you." They know beforehand
what that will be, because the President, m the
report which he has sent, says he has ii carefully
examined" these cases, and found that the action
of the board was all right. He has examined
every one of these cases, and says he has passed
upon Old Ironsides, and found him wanting, and
condemned him. He has passed upon every one
of these valiant, brave, and gallant men, and he
has sanctioned with his official approbation the
act of their degradation. I say it is a.n insult
and a mockery, when they have established this
wrong, to send them to that tribunal to ask for
redress. No, sir; as long as I have the honor of
a seat on this floor, or anywhere else where thei%
is a question of justice submitted to me, and I
have the power to redress the wrong of the man
who comes before me complaining of wrong, 1
will not send him to any other tribunal for justice
 not even to the bar of God—because our busi-
ness is to have justice here, and not postpone him
to any where else. "We—we, the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, are the arbiters and the administrators
in this behalf of that portion of eternal justice
I which is administered upon this side of the grave,
! and we have no right to put it off on any otner
! tribunal. Our duty is to meet the responsibility
! of the place and the position we occupy, and the
; questions which are submitted to us. For that
reason I would not send an individual coming
J here asking for redress anywhere else to jjet it.
'j There is another reason why X complain m
J' behalf of these men. It is a maxim of all just
H Governments, that punishment shall be propor-
tionate to the offense, and that you shall not mix
together in one general condemnation the man
