1#4
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
July 15,
vho has beoome inefficient through exposures to
nnfiealtby" climates' where you have sent him,
through the contingencies of battle, and through
his own misconduct. It is not just that you
should put in the saraa category a man who.has
become unfit by drunkenness, and another man
■Who may not come up to the standard which has
been proposed of moral perceptions, beMuse,
amongst the crimes for which these two hundred
men were swept from their places in the Navy,
one was " having his moral perception of right
and wrong blunted." That was one of their
crimes for which one, two, or the whole of these
two hundred men may have been condemned,
because, there being no record, no traces by
which we can determine what these men have
done, they all stand in the same category; and if
it is said that one man was sent there for smug-
fling, another for dishonesty, and another for
runkenness, the public have a right to point, and
they may point, to every man wno is there, and
I say it may be his case: they rest under that sus-
picion anil that condemnation.
The remedy which I would propose, if I could
have my way, would be what the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has submitted. I would
undo what has been wrongfully done. I would
wipe it all out. If I cannot have that, I shall
come the nearest to it I can get. Such will be the
votes I will give, and such will bo the coarse I
will pursue on this bill.
1 confess, sir, that, to my mind, this is one of
the most important questions that was ever ad-
dressed to the American Senate. It is a question
the consequences of,which will not die with to-
day, with this year, or with this generation. It
will murk a new era in the histoiy of our Gov-
ernment. If a single individual, high or low,
can be deprived of his pnvileges and immunities,
and put m a place of degradation and disgrace
without that open and public trial which the
Constitution preserves to the meanest wretch who
walks the earth, public liberty cannot long survive
the deccase of publicjustice. When public justice
fails to govern your councils—when public honor
ceases to guard jealously the rights of reputation,
as well as the rights of property-—on that day the
historian will date the decline and fall of this
Republic. That will happen when he records
thatthese high virtues fellmtodisuse,andreceived
the disapprobation of the American Senate. It
is for tins reason that I want to put in this last
protest against this gross injustice. It is for this
purpose that I wish to utter this last appeal in
behalf of these men who have been stricken
down.
Sir, I know some of these men. I knew two
young irion, some years ago, of ancient lineage
and honorable name, who entered into the servie.e
of their country, one m the Army and one 111 the
Navy. All that was honorable 111 the career of
an olfieer marked their parallel courses. One of
them fell on the bloody field of Palo Alto. A
grateful country cherishes with pride the name,
and the memory, and the fame, of the gallant
Ringgold, who fell in defense of his country on
the bloody fields of Mexico—more fortunate,
more happy, than the unfortunate brother who
devoted himself to the service of that same coun-
try 011 the sea, and who has been rewarded, for
a life of equal honor and devotion, with deggida-
tion and disgrace. Ay, sir, if this judgment is
"to receive the sanction of the American Senate,
who would not prefer the bloody and the honor-
able grave in which the lionoied dead sleeps, to
that existence prolonged among men with the
mark of disgrace fixed upon him by the action
of the Government, and confirmed by the action
of the Senate ?
But, sir, I will live incredulous to the very last;
I will not boheve, until the record is finally made
up, that it is possible the American Senate can
send such a record as this to the country. I will
not believe it; I will hope against hope; and when
the black record is made up, and the Jial lias gone
forth, and it is made a part of the imperishable
annals of the country that this injustice has re-
ceived the sanction of the American Senate, then,
and not until then, will I believe it. Will I cease
my voice then? No, sir; but, by the blessing of
God, I will appeal from the unjust judgment of !
this Senate to a just, and generous, and magnani-
mous people. I will ask them to blot out this
record, to destroy this history, and in the high ;
forum of their own hearts, in the instincts of their
own generous nature, to do justice to these gal-
lant men, who sought it where it ought never to
ha^e been sought in vain—from an American
Senate. Sir, it is because the case of these men
addresses-itself to my mind in this way; it is be-
cause I feel with every sentiment of my heart and
e^ry pulsation of life in my body what an out-
rage and what a wrong has been perpetrated, and
now it is to be sanctioned by the highest deliber-
ative assembly on the face of God's earth, that I
express myself thus. "When the time comes—
when the sad conviction is fastened on my mind,
so that 1 cs&inot doubt that the Senate will con-
summate this act—then, and not until then, shall
I bow in submission to the record of the Senate*,
but I shall bow in submission only until a regen-
erated and awakened public opinion accords to
these men that justice which they asked here,
and which we denied.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, addressed the Sen-
ate in favor of the bill. His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, X see
that this measure will, perhaps very justly, soon
come to a vote, and I do not intend to delay it.
My purpose is not to delay or obstruct it; but I
have an amendment which I wish to propose, in
the sincere expectation that no objection will be
made to it by the friends of the bill reported by
the Naval Committee. I shall only say as much
as is necessary to explain the operation and effect
of the ahiendment. The first section of the com-
mittee's bill provides for a trial and examination
before the court of inquiry, of all the officers re-
served or dropped; and then proceeds to say that,
uftei this trial, " the Secretary of the Navy shall
present the facts and the opinion of the court, in
each case, to the President of the United States,
for his consideration and such acfion as he shall
deem consistent with justice and the interests of
the public service." That is to say, the records of
these tiialsare to be presented to the President for
his consideration and such action as he may deem
conducive to the public service. These terms are
exceedingly vague and genera!. I wish to strike
out the words which I have quoted, and insert in
lieu of them:
And the lindmgoi sentence of the court, with the reeoid
of its pioccedin^ and all the evidence, shall be laid beioie
the President; and m all the ca-.es where the said finding is
m favor of the parties tried, respectively, and it* approved by
the Pro-idem, the s-aid parties bhall be restored to the active
1M and &emee in the Navy, and to their proper lank and
grade jospectively : Provided, That saidofhcer* so restored
shall be, appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent or ihe Senate.
This is in the precise language of the former
act of Congress intended to restore to the Army
those officers of the old Army who, during the
Mexican war, had taken higher commands of
certain regiments which were raised for the war.
It provides that—
All officers of the old Army, who teer-ived appointments
in any ol (he additional icgiinoiitft nnseil foi the war with
Mexico, shrill he i pstored to their former io<riinf*nts or cot p«,
and rank additional ofiiccis : Provided, That the said of-
ficers so restored shall he appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent ol the Senate.''
The proviso is in precisely the same language
contained in this former act. Here is precedent
for it. I suppose the general language which is
used by the committee was intended to cover the
same meaning which is more specifically con-
veyed in the amendment which I propose. I have
compared this with the other sections of the bill,
and find that it consists with the whole of them,
and that no change or alteration in any other sec-
tion will be rendered necessary by the adoption
of this amendment. I think, sir, we may all be
reconciled very much to the bill by the adoption
of this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] yesterday proposed
to amend the original bill. The Chair decided,
the yeas and nays having been ordered upon the
proposition to strike out, and insert the substi-
tute of the Senator from Virginia, it was too late
to move to amend the original bill. On examin-
ing the precedents, the Chair finds that the prac- i
tice has been both ways. If there be no objec- |
tion, tl^e amendment will be received. The i
j Chair hears no objection. The Senator from
• Tennessee will have an opportunity to offer his
I amendment.
I Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have waived it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden.]
Mr. BUTLER. I sincerely hope that all who
take an interest in this subject—both those who
think with the Senator from Georgia, and those
who think with the representative of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, the Senator from Florida-
will agree on this proposition of my friend from
Kentucky. 1 do not say that I can-cordially vote
for the bill, of the committee, nor has it entirely
received tfte approbation of my judgment, be-
cause, in effect, it does increase the Navy; but I
know that I cannot have everything my own
way, and rather than vote against the bill, I shall
be compelled, if I conform to the convictions of
my own judgment, to vote for it, with a view to
restore those officers on whom I think the sentence
of the board has operated unjustly. I shall be
better reconciled to it with this more distinct and
indicatory amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky—for it does indicate the duty of the
President; it does not control him. If the offi-
cers who have been removed shall be restored by
the finding of the court of inquiry, that finding
is to go to the President, as I understand, with
the facts, for his judgment; and he is to nominate
the officers or not, as he thinks proper, for the
confirmation of the Senate.
I know I cannot restore the officers who are
dropped. I have studied the subject thoroughly
as well as I could; and it is my opinion that, if
you were to declare the whole proceeding void,
as seems to be the intendment of the amendment
of my friend from Georgia, it would not restore
the officers who are dropped. They have to go
into court before they can get back, because the
President might very well say: "Whether it fs
on the board's recommendation, or on my own
responsibility, the act is executed, and they are
dropped." Howare we to get them back? Not
by declaring the jurisdiction void; that will not
do it. I say that this is the best amendment; and
if we shall all agree on it, I think we can make
the bill more acceptable, though it does increase
the Navy, than any other proposition.
I would prefer to postpone the promotions until
we ascertain who should and who should not go
into the Navy; but, as the Senate has overruled
those who think wMi me on that subject, I am
not going to strugglfrigainsta fixed majority. It
does no good, and I think my friend from Ken-
tucky has taken the safe road. The process
through which this act will be executed has been
prescribed by the process by which another act
has been executed, and there cannot be any con-
fusion. Therefore I am reconciled to it, for I
think it will not lead to any difficulty. I shall
vote for the bill with this amendment, thoflgh I
do not give it my approbation, but I know that
I must take this bill or nothing. I know that, if
wc leave the officers out without a possibility of
coming into the Navy, we shall do injustice to
many worthy men. If we take the bill, we take
it with the promotions, which I do not think
ought to have preceded the action of the court.
With these views, however, I am willing to vote
for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote for the amend- '
ment of the Senator from Kentucky. 1 think it
will improve the bill of the committee very much,
j I presume the bill will pass; but I wish to say
I beforehand what I believe will be the effect, and
! wc shall see when we return here next winter
; whether it be not so. If this bill of the committee
j be passed, which proposes to increase the Navy,
I and we confirm the nominations, so as to fill up
\ all the vacancics, (my opinion is, that the bill
| will never pass the House,) the result will be that
j those who have been displaced or disrated, prop-
i erly or improperly, will never have any relief.
] I believe that will be the effect of passing this
i bill, and acting on the nominations; but, as the
i Senator from South Carolina has said, it seems
I to be the opinion of the majority of the Senate to
[ pass this bill, and I suppose they will pass it.
i I shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
, from Kentucky, because I think it will improve
the bill; but I do not believe that the series of
measures, which the Senate is likely to adopt,
will afford the least remedy for those disrated or
displaced, because the House, in my opinion,
will never agree to any bill proposing to increase
the Navy, and they will not be able to do any-
