1855.]
APPENDIX 1*> Tlffi
<25
34th Cgnc!....1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
failure or postponement for another year was in-
evitable. The time for preparation was limited;
but, with the aid of judicious officers arid the
active and praiseworthy cooperation of the naval
constructors and mechanics at the navy-yards of
Brooklyn and Philadelphia, two small vessels
were admirably fitted out. Excellent officers vol-
unteered—good seamen enlisted—ample supplies
^f provisions and clothing for two years of rough
exposure wen; laid in. On the 4th of June, the
little party of brave and philanthropic adventurers
left their home amid the encouraging cheers of
their countrymen, who knew so well how to ap-
preciate such acts qf daring and humanity. The
recital of their hair-breadth escapes—their terrible
conflicts with nature's barriers, which seemed to
mock their efforts—their alternations of sad mis-
givings and sustaining hopes,, impart truly art
air of romance to this unostentatious exhibition
of genuine heroism. In about Tour months,
with their little barks, they sailed eight thou-
sand miles—fully circumnavigated Baffin's Bay—
passed further north into Smith's Sound, at its
northern boundary, than any one save Dr. Kane,
and nearly to Beechy Island—visited a village of
, Esquimaux, from whdm, after hours of difficulty,,
by means of signs and drawings, they learnt the
point to which Dr. Kane and his party had di-
rected their course—immediately clianged their
route—found the unhappy party at Discoe Island,
and returned them in safety to their country and
friends—thus accomplishing the behevolent pur-
poses of Congress.
The following named officers of the Navy were
attached to the vessels of the expedition:
To the Release.—Commander H. J. Hartstene,
commanding the expedition; Lieutenants William
S. Lovell and Joseph P. Fyffe; Assistant Sur-
geon James Laws; and Boatswain Van R. Hall.
To the Arctic.—Lieutenant CommandingCharles
C. Simms; Lieutenant Watson Smith, arid First
Assistant Engineer Harman Newell. Dr. John
K. Kane, brother of Passed Assistant Surgeon
Kane, who volunteered for the service, was
attached to the Arctic as medical officer.
It is well known that Dr. Kane left the United
States in the humane search of Sir John Frank-
lin, in June, 1853, under orders from the Navy De-
partment, and at the same time under the patron-
age of distinguished philanthropists. His report
is brief, but full of startling incidents and thrilling
adventures. A more detailed and elaborate re-
port will ultimately be made. The discoveries
made by this truly remarkable man and excellent
officer will be regarded as valuable contributions
to science. He advanced ill those frozen regions
far beyond his intrepid predecessors, whose ex-
plorations-had excited such admiration. His
residence for two years, with his little party, far
beyond the confines of civilization^ with a small
bark for his home, fastened with icy fetters
that defied all efforts for emancipation—his suffer-
ings from intense cold, and agony from dreadful
apprehensions of starvation and death for that
space of time—his miraculous and successful
jouThey in open sledges Over the ice for eighty-
four days—not merely excite our wonder, but
borrow a moral grandeur from the truly benevolent
considerations which animated and nerved him
for the task.
I commend the results of his explorations as
■worthy of the attention and .patronage of Con-
gress.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The reports of the chiefs of the several bureaus
attached to this Department will exhibit fully the
condition of all matters coming properly under
their cognizance. The gentlemen presiding over
these bureaus have not merely discharged their
duties with ability, but have manifested every
disposition to adopt and introduce into the service
sjuch reforms and improvements as experience and
observation suggest.
The Chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
exhibits in his report the progress made in estab-
lishing a navy-yard at Mare Island, California,
and the state of the public works at other stations.
It is gratifying to learn, through the reports
made to the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrog-
raphy, from different vessels at sea, that in-
creased attention is now being paid by the offi-
cers to practical gunnery and the instruction of
the men in this branch. Interesting information
is alsd furnished that armament and 6rdnanCe
equipments are generally efficient and satisfac-
tory. It is my design, at an early day, to assign
Commander Dahlgren to.the command of a ves-
sel to be devoted exclusively to gunnery prac-
tice, With a view to the proper training of both
officers and men in duty which, at last, consti-
tutes the real effectiveness of a man-of-war.
The Naval Academy is in successful operation,
under the diligent supervision of Captain Golds-
borough. There are now attached to it, for in-
structor , one huhdred and sixty-four midshipmen
and Acting ihidshipmen. The Board of Examiners
for the last year, in their report, express them-
selves as not merely satisfied with, but really
amazed at the remarkable proficiency exhibited
by the under-graduates, as well as the gradual
ing class, arid as much impressed With the vari-
ety, minuteness, and exactness of the teaching
and the modes of examination.
For details, I refer you to the report of the
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography. Every
effort is being made to establish this institution
on a proper basis. I am aware of the apprehen-
sion that, in the desire to secure an accomplished
education, the more practical duties of the naval
officer may be slighted. I have reasons for know-
ing that fears on this point may be dismissed, as
there is a settlea determination to make Seaman-
ship, and the learning; necessary to the sevSYer
and more practical duties of the naval officer, par-
amount and indispensable. The practice ship,
Lieutenant Joseph F. Green commanding, cruised
during the summer months along our northeast-
ern coast. She had on board the second and
fourth classes of acting midshipmen. The report
of Lie'utenant Green speaks favorably of their
proficiency in both seamanship and gunnery.
Gratifying evidences of the high estimation
in which the labors of the Naval Observatory are
held at home and abroad continue to be received.
Several new sheets of the wind and current
charts, and an enlarged edition of the Sailing
directions, Which accompany them, have been
published during the year. The usefulness of this
work expands with its enlargement. Other mar-
itime nations, appreciating the value of this plan
of investigation, have united in a common sys-
tem of observations for its farther prosecution.
It is earnestly suggested by Lieutenant Maury,
that this system of meteorological research, if
extended to the land, would afford for the agri-
cultural interests of the country, and for science,
too, results quite as important as those which
commerce and navigation have already received
from it.
Lieutenant Gilliss is still laboriously engaged
in the discharge of the special duties assigned to
him. Of the results of the Astronomical Expe- ,!
dition, transmitted to Congress in July, 1854, I
two volumes have been published. These em- |
brace a full account of the geography, climate, 'j
earthefuakes, agricultural, mineral, and commer-
cial resources, natural history, &c., of Chile,
together with the narrative of Lieutenant Mc-
Rae's journey across the Andes and Pampas of
the Argentine Confederation. Volume three is
now in the press, and will be ready for distribution
during the winter. It contains the special obser-
vations, and a discussion of the solar parallax,
the object for which Congress more immediately
directed the expedition. The magnetical and
meteorological observations, to form volume six,
have been reduced "and tabulated, and the print-
ing will be proceeded with immediately. Con-
siderable progress has also been made in the
preparation of volumes four and five; but as they
will contain nearly forty thousand observations,
of which more than twenty thousand of the stars
were never before observed, it is scarcely prob-
able that the last volume will be published in less
than eighteen months.
The Nautical Almanac, under the supervision
of Commander Davis, is attracting much atten-
tion in our own country and abroad. And,
althoijgh the estirtiates are somewhat larger than
formerly, 1 trust that its merits are such as to
secure the honorable consideration of Congress.
After much reflection and attentive observation
of the practical working of the present system, I
am very favorably inclined to tne plan suggested
by a predecessor, of?stablishing a distinct corps
in the Navy, whose duty shall be confined to
hydrography, ordnaiice, civil engineering, and
other scientific duties. I do not thiilk there need
be any addition to the number of officers. There
are constantly from fifty to one hundred officers
doinsr hydrographic duty on the Coast Survey, at
the Observatory, on ordnance, tod other scientific
duties, essential to the proficiency of the 'Navy.
Officers cannot attain that complete knowledge of
these branches withmit long and continuous devo-
tion to them. And yet, under the present sys-
tem, there is naturally a feeling of discontent and
dissatisfaction on the part of those who are en-
countering the hardships, dangers, and privations
of sea-duty in the place of those who are quietly
pursuing their scientific duties amid the comforts
of home and family. Let this corps bear the
same relation to the other officers of the Navy,
that the staff does to the line in the Army, and
being composed of a certain number of captains,
commanders, lieutenants, masters, and passed
midshipmen, their promotions In the corps Can
! be So regulated as tt6t td interfere with the regular
promotion of officers more exclusively devoted to
sea-going duties. Many officers of excellent
judgment and enlarged experience are of opinion
that those who are long assigned to these duties
ashore become disqualified for duty afloat, and
that constant sea-duty allows neither the time
nor the opportunity for proficiency in the other
branches. A bill could be drawn to reach the ob-
ject desired.
Attention is respectfully invited to the report
of General Henderson, the commandant of the
Marine Corps. His long arid useful connection
with the corps, and his ardent devotion to it, en-
title suggestions emanating from such a source to
attentive consideration. I renew my recommenda-
tions heretofore made in Regard to this branch of
the service. It would certainly contribute largely1
to its efficiency if some plan could be adopted for
introducing hereafter officers who have experi-
enced some of the advantages of a military educa-
tion either at West Point or Annapolis.
The addition to the number of national vessels
suggests the necessity of somewhat increasing the
marines; and their usefulness in checking insub-
ordination and preserving discipline, unquestion-
ably gives great force to the opinion of the com-
mandant, that the guard on each sea-going vessel
should be enlarged. The estimates for this corps
are large, because of the absolute necessity for
erecting barracks for its decent and comfortable
accommodation at the several stations.
The Emperor of Franco having awarded a gold
medal to both Surgeon Thomas Williamson and
Passed Assistant Surgeon James F. Harrison, of
the United States Navy, for their professional
services to the officers and men of the French
steamer of war " Chimere," at Norfolk, during
the summer of 1854; the Governments of Prussia
and Holland having similarly complimented Lieu-
tenant Maury for his contributions to science and
navigation, I recommend the necessary legislation
to enable those officers to accept of the proffered
testimonials.
During the past season, the piiblic works at the
navy-yard at Portsmouth, Virginia, were much
retarded by the awful visitation of the pestilence
which has clothed two cities in the habiliments
of mourning. Commodore McKeever and the
officers, marines, and many of the civilians at
the yard, and the naval medical officers at the
hospital, remained with inflexible firmness at
their post during the raging of the frightful
malady, discharging their duty to their country,
dnd administering relief to the afflicted. The un-
murmuring fidelity of the marines stationed at
the yard, whose ranks were so sadly thinned by
the destroyer, is entitled to special notice, and
has won for them the grateful admiration and
sympathy of all who can appreciate the value of
discipline among soldiers.
Of the whole quantity of hemp purchased
during the past year for the Navy, three tenths
have been American. The prospect of furnishing
the Navy altogether with American hemp is very
encouraging, and also that the Russian and Ma-
nilla hemps will be superseded by the products
of this country. The hemp agent at Louisville,
Kentucky, under date of November 22, 1855,
